
@_date: 2011-10-02 17:14:26
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: Fwd: Timer randomness 
References: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Interesting things from DC stuff.

@_date: 2011-10-11 18:27:21
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Timer randomness 
References: For those of you who read my prior forward:
-------- Original Message --------
Do not use any version earlier than today's. I just found and fixed
and simple but nasty bug.
Dumb, much? To combine two 16-bit items into one 32-bit word,
I used:
    x = (a<<16)&  b ;
because of the AND, that always gives zero. Of course it has
to be an OR.

@_date: 2011-10-20 18:20:22
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: Georgia Tech Turns iPhone Into spiPhone 
References: <20111020131929.GZ25711
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
To me, I also concur this is a far-cry from a daily scenario. There
are plenty of other methods and venues to log keystrokes / acquire
data. However, I would not hesitate to state that no doubt 'people'
before Georgia Tech were researching such things.
It's always nice to see people thinking about the 'what ifs' and
turning them into, at least for now, lab-based experiments that work.
They need to create another 'Enemy of the State' movie, updated, IMHO.
- -benjamin

@_date: 2011-10-20 18:29:39
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: MEP Tiziano Motti want everything you do online is logged and 
Hash: SHA1
(google translate:
MEP Tiziano Motti want everything you do online is logged and saved -
for the sake of the children. A sort of black box to be installed in
all the world's computers, smartphones and e-readers.
A black box, similar to that found in an airplane, should be installed
in every one of the world's computers to record everything that
happens online. It considers the Italian MEP Tiziano Motti, who
introduced the idea in Brussels yesterday.
Tiziano Motti was a politician who just over a year ago managed to get
a majority of European Members of Parliament to support the proposal
to expand the data storage directive to the Google searches. The
purpose was to protect children from pedophiles - the same as his new
creation would do.
- - We politicians are often hypocrites. On the one hand, we say that
pedophilia is terrible and that it must be fought. On the other hand
we do not give police the necessary tools to combat it. With my
suggestion stop the hypocrisy, says Tiziano Motti.
Motti has merged their bags with an Italian "hackers", Fabio Ghioni,
who is the architect behind the new method to be able to collect
digital evidence "against forgery and not abused." The solution they
call Logbox. And just as with the aircraft's black boxes, this Logbox
installed in computers, laptops, smartphones, e-readers - yes, all
that can be connected to the internet.
There, box sign everything the user does online. The information is
stored and passed on to a so-called guarantor - a non-governmental
non-profit organization that saves the information, which will be
encrypted. Thereafter, only the user, the guarantor and the police be
able to access the data using a key for encryption.
"It allows the honest citizens to anonymously register their
activities on the Internet in a comprehensive, secure and neutral
manner that can not be abused. So, users can clearly demonstrate that
they have not committed criminal acts so that the police do not waste
time on the innocent in their investigations, "it sounds in the fact
sheet Motti wrote.
The idea is that the system will be connected to an "early warning
system" of criminal activity. Where are the details are unclear, but
is essentially that at any time material with sexually abused children
are detected, an alarm, go to the authorities to be able to see who
uploaded it.
Because the Internet is global, that does not mean that all citizens
of the world must join it to make it work?
- - Good question. That's right. We want to start with Europe, but hope
then that more and more join, says Fabio Ghioni to Europe Portal.
Tiziano Motti adds:
- - There will always be people who want to make people ill and who want
to go around the system. But for that we can not sit idly by and do
Marcin de Kaminski, right sociologist at Lund University and is active
in the Julia Group with the ambition to defend an open Internet, have
looked at Mottis proposal and difficulties.
- - The proposal is based on users' rights are protected and that they
should feel safe and he writes at the beginning that he did not want
to create a new Big Brother Society. But then the whole document is
about just that, says Marcin de Kaminski.
the Kaminski says that Motti has not analyzed through its proposal
- - He shows no feeling for the expense he does so on. For him, the
Internet is a tool to "save the children". But he does not realize
that he might ruin the lot.
- - There are discussions today about what protection value of the
internet has, who can be identified, as to who is entitled to
information about what. The debate must be resolved first before this
kind of initiative can be commenced.
Although Mottis current proposal is not directly linked to the Data
Retention Directive, which requires all Internet and telephone
operators to keep records of all income, emails and phone users do,
touching each other. But Motti believes that the new solution with
encryption is more secure than Internet service providers will save
the data. Marcin de Kaminski is skeptical.
- - There is no guarantee that the information stays where it should.
Whenever people are involved, there is a risk that people who should
not access information receive it and those who gain them access to
gain an insight into a person's life to an extent never before seen,
says Marcin de Kaminski.
Mottis proposal is still in its infancy and there is still no sign of
either the European Parliament or the European Commission will proceed
with the proposal. But when Motti presented his last proposal, it took
less than three months before a majority of its members supported it.
Christian Engstrom (PP) located in the Greens have their views clear.
- - If it were China, North Korea or Saudi Arabia who had proposed this,
what would we say then? It's scary in a democratic Europe that even
hear a politician suggest such a thing. It is so absurd that I really
hope we never have to discuss it seriously in Parliament, said
Christian Engstrom.
Only time will tell who gets right.
Christian WohlertEurope Portal's correspondent in Brussels

@_date: 2011-09-05 16:42:33
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: Rogue SSL certs were also issued for CIA, MI6, Mossad 
Rogue SSL certs were also issued for CIA, MI6, Mossad
Posted on 05 September 2011.The number of rogue SSL certificates issued
by Dutch CA DigiNotar has balooned from one to a couple dozen to over
250 to 531 in just a few days.
As Jacob Appelbaum of the Tor project shared the full list of the rogue
certificates, it became clear that fraudulent certificates for domains
of a number of intelligence agencies from around the world were also
issued during the CA's compromise - including the CIA, MI6 and Mossad.
Additional targeted domains include Facebook, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Skype,
Twitter, Tor, Wordpress and many others.
He received the list from sources in the Dutch Government, which has
retracted its statement about trusting DigiNotar's PKIoverheid CA
branch, announced to its citizens that it cannot guarantee the security
of its own websites, and taken over DigiNotar's operations and
immediately organized audits of its infrastructure.
"The most egregious certs issued were for *.*.com and *.*.org while
certificates for Windows Update and certificates for other hosts are of
limited harm by comparison," points out Appelbaum. "The attackers also
issued certificates in the names of other certificate authorities such
as 'VeriSign Root CA' and 'Thawte Root CA' as we witnessed with
ComodoGate, although we cannot determine whether they succeeded in
creating any intermediate CA certs."
"That's really saying something about the amount of damage a single
compromised CA might inflict with poor security practices and regular
internet luck," he concludes. In a previous post, he compared the
current state of the Certificate Authority system to a house of cards
doused with petrol, waiting for a light.
And while there is a difference of opinion between security experts who
speculate about the entity behind the attack, there seems to be an
almost universal consensus about the fact that DigiNotar will be closed
for business forever after this.
Kaspersky Lab's Roel Schouwenberg notes that "with some 500 authorities
out there globally it's hard to believe DigiNotar is the only
compromised CA out there."
That's a chilling thought that probably many an expert has had since the
extent of the incident has been revealed. Hopefully, it just might
jumpstart the search for a fitting alternative to the CA trust system.

@_date: 2011-09-08 16:56:33
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Goodbye, Hotmail, MSN, Live.com... 
References: Thoughts on the double quoted post? I tend to concur; But perhaps we can
create a little list discussion; It seems somewhat up our alley, eh?
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: digi at legions.org
CC: Defcon Stuff Not a matter of trust but a matter of risk acceptance. I feel the same way
about banks but the entire 1st world seems to have accepted the risk of
banking. Internet services are developing the same way. Everyone uses email
now and it's hard to get through the world without it. A very large
population uses a free email service. When the entire world accepts this
risk, you lose the ability to reject the risk.
This does not make things right.
My prediction: in 20 years or less, you will need special authorization or
license to operate your own MTA. It will start out small, such as
"registering a legitimate server to be placed on whitelists" then made
mandatory by whatever acting government is ruling at the time. Webservers
may take the same route. Unauthorized servers will be eliminated.
Your privacy is a commodity. Do your economic duty and let people have
access to your life. What do you have to hide, Citizen?

@_date: 2011-09-17 19:55:58
@_author: Benjamin 
@_subject: online id verification plan carries risks. (nyt) 
Hash: SHA1
Call It Your Online Driver?s License
By NATASHA SINGER
Published: September 17, 2011
WHO?S afraid of Internet fraud?
Consumers who still pay bills via snail mail. Hospitals leery of
making treatment records available online to their patients. Some
state motor vehicle registries that require car owners to appear in
person ? or to mail back license plates ? in order to transfer vehicle
But the White House is out to fight cyberphobia with an initiative
intended to bolster confidence in e-commerce.
The plan, called the National Strategy for Trusted Identities in
Cyberspace and introduced earlier this year, encourages the
private-sector development and public adoption of online user
authentication systems. Think of it as a driver?s license for the
Internet. The idea is that if people have a simple, easy way to prove
who they are online with more than a flimsy password, they?ll
naturally do more business on the Web. And companies and government
agencies, like Social Security or the I.R.S., could offer those
consumers faster, more secure online services without having to come
up with their own individual vetting systems.
?What if states had a better way to authenticate your identity online,
so that you didn?t have to make a trip to the D.M.V.?? says Jeremy
Grant, the senior executive adviser for identity management at the
National Institute of Standards and Technology, the agency overseeing
the initiative.
But authentication proponents and privacy advocates disagree about
whether Internet IDs would actually heighten consumer protection ? or
end up increasing consumer exposure to online surveillance and
identity theft.
If the plan works, consumers who opt in might soon be able to choose
among trusted third parties ? such as banks, technology companies or
cellphone service providers ? that could verify certain personal
information about them and issue them secure credentials to use in
online transactions.
Industry experts expect that each authentication technology would rely
on at least two different ID confirmation methods. Those might include
embedding an encryption chip in people?s phones, issuing smart cards
or using one-time passwords or biometric identifiers like fingerprints
to confirm substantial transactions. Banks already use two-factor
authentication, confirming people?s identities when they open accounts
and then issuing depositors with A.T.M. cards, says Kaliya Hamlin, an
online identity expert known by the name of her Web site, Identity Woman.
The system would allow Internet users to use the same secure
credential on many Web sites, says Mr. Grant, and it might increase
privacy. In practical terms, for example, people could have their
identity authenticator automatically confirm that they are old enough
to sign up for Pandora on their own, without having to share their
year of birth with the music site.
The Open Identity Exchange, a group of companies including AT&T,
Google, Paypal, Symantec and Verizon, is helping to develop
certification standards for online identity authentication; it
believes that industry can address privacy issues through
self-regulation. The government has pledged to be an early adopter of
the cyber IDs.
But privacy advocates say that in the absence of stringent safeguards,
widespread identity verification online could actually make consumers
more vulnerable. If people start entrusting their most sensitive
information to a few third-party verifiers and use the ID credentials
for a variety of transactions, these advocates say, authentication
companies would become honey pots for hackers.
?Look at it this way: You can have one key that opens every lock for
everything you might need online in your daily life,? says Lillie
Coney, the associate director of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center in Washington. ?Or, would you rather have a key ring that would
allow you to open some things but not others??
Even leading industry experts foresee challenges in instituting
across-the-board privacy protections for consumers and companies.
For example, people may not want the banks they might use as their
authenticators to know which government sites they visit, says Kim
Cameron, whose title is distinguished engineer at Microsoft, a leading
player in identity technology. Banks, meanwhile, may not want their
rivals to have access to data profiles about their clients. But both
situations could arise if identity authenticators assigned each user
with an individual name, number, e-mail address or code, allowing
companies to follow people around the Web and amass detailed profiles
on their transactions.
?The whole thing is fraught with the potential for doing things
wrong,? Mr. Cameron says.
But next-generation software could solve part of the problem by
allowing authentication systems to verify certain claims about a
person, like age or citizenship, without needing to know their
identities. Microsoft bought one brand of user-blind software, called
U-Prove, in 2008 and has made it available as an open-source platform
for developers.
Google, meanwhile, already has a free system, called the ?Google
Identity Toolkit,? for Web site operators who want to shift users from
passwords to third-party authentication. It?s the kind of platform
that makes Google poised to become a major player in identity
But privacy advocates like Lee Tien, a senior staff lawyer at the
Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, say the
government would need new privacy laws or regulations to prohibit
identity verifiers from selling user data or sharing it with law
enforcement officials without a warrant. And what would happen if,
say, people lost devices containing their ID chips or smart cards?
?It took us decades to realize that we shouldn?t carry our Social
Security cards around in our wallets,? says Aaron Titus, the chief
privacy officer at Identity Finder, a company that helps users locate
and quarantine personal information on their computers.
Carrying around cyber IDs seems even riskier than Social Security
cards, Mr. Titus says, because they could let people complete even
bigger transactions, like buying a house online. ?What happens when
you leave your phone at a bar?? he asks. ?Could someone take it and
use it to commit a form of hyper identity theft??
For the government?s part, Mr. Grant acknowledges that no system is
invulnerable. But better online identity authentication would
certainly improve the current situation ? in which many people use the
same one or two passwords for a dozen or more of their e-mail, e-tail,
online banking and social network accounts, he says.
Mr. Grant likens that kind of weak security to flimsy locks on
bathroom doors.
?If we can get everyone to use a strong deadbolt instead of a flimsy
bathroom door lock,? he says, ?you significantly improve the kind of
security we have.?
But not if the keys can be compromised.
A version of this article appeared in print on September 18, 2011, on
page BU4 of the New York edition with the headline: Call It Your
Online Driver?s License.

@_date: 2012-08-15 19:00:53
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Fwd: [briar-devel] Foo security 
References: <502BDE6E.2090902
-------- Original Message --------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Hi all,
Recently I've been thinking about an idea I'll call foo security,
since I haven't thought of a better name. It's possible that someone
else has already thought of this idea, but if so, I don't know what
they called it.
Foo security is an attempt to rethink information security from a
usability perspective. It's defined as follows:
   A system is foo secure with respect to a user if the system's
   security properties match or exceed the user's beliefs about those
   properties.
A few strange things are apparent from this definition. First, foo
security is defined with respect to a user, so a system may be foo
secure for one user and foo insecure for another. Second, foo security
is defined with respect to a user's beliefs, so a system may become
foo secure or foo insecure due to a change in the user's beliefs, with
no change to the system. Third, a system that provides a security
property may be less foo secure than a system that doesn't, if the
user understands the latter system better than the former.
That last point is what led me to think about foo security. I wanted
to capture that fact that users change their behaviour based on their
beliefs about the systems they're using. If a user wrongly believes a
system to provide a stronger security property than it actually does,
she may be better off using a system that she knows does not provide
that property.
An example: BarChat is an unencrypted chat application. BazChat is an
encrypted chat application. BazChat's encryption can be defeated by
the chat server.
Alice believes that the conversations she has over BarChat can be read
by third parties. This belief is true, so BarChat is foo secure with
respect to Alice. Alice believes that the conversations she has over
BazChat cannot be read by any third party. This belief exceeds
reality, so BazChat is not foo secure with respect to Alice.
Later, Alice learns that the conversations she has over BazChat can be
read by a third party who controls the server. This belief is true, so
BazChat is now foo secure with respect to Alice, even though the
system itself hasn't changed.
I like this perspective because it suggests that we can improve the
security of systems we can't change, by improving the users'
understanding of the systems. In the case of systems we can change, we
might get a bigger improvement in foo security by changing the way
security properties are explained than by changing the properties
themseves. For example, we might improve a system's foo security by
using UI metaphors that suggest the actual security properties.

@_date: 2012-02-21 21:00:11
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: Transparency Grenade... 
So, I think this is a very interesting concept indeed.
The lack of Corporate and Governmental transparency has been a topic of
much controversy in recent years, yet our only tool for encouraging
greater openness is the slow, tedious process of policy reform.
Presented in the form of a Soviet F1 Hand Grenade, the Transparency
Grenade is an iconic cure for these frustrations, making the process of
leaking information from closed meetings as easy as pulling a pin.
Equipped with a tiny computer, microphone and powerful wireless antenna,
the Transparency Grenade captures network traffic and audio at the site
and securely and anonymously streams it to a dedicated server where it
is mined for information. Email fragments, HTML pages, images and voice
extracted from this data are then presented on an online, public map,
shown at the location of the detonation.
Whether trusted employee, civil servant or concerned citizen, greater
openness was never so close at hand..

@_date: 2012-07-28 13:25:52
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: cryptocat mentioned on wired.com recently... 
This Cute Chat Site Could Save Your Life and Help Overthrow Your Government
By Quinn NortonEmail Author July 27, 2012 | 12:15 pm | Categories: Conferences, Crypto
Nadim Kobeissi, creator of Cryptocat, spoke in mid-July at the HOPE conference, held at New Yorks Hotel Pennsylvania every two years. Credit: Quinn Norton/Wired
Twenty-one-year-old college student Nadim Kobeissi is from Canada, Lebanon and the internet.
He is the creator of Cryptocat, a project to combine my love of cryptography and cats, he explained to an overflowing audience of hackers at the HOPE conference on Saturday, July 14.
The site, crypto.cat, has a chunky, 8-bit sensibility, with a big-eyed binary cat in the corner. The visitor has the option to name, then enter a chat. Theres some explanatory text, but little else. Its deceptively simple for a web app that can save lives, subvert governments and frustrate marketers. But as little as two years ago such a site was considered to be likely impossible to code.
Cryptocat is an encrypted web-based chat. Its the first chat client in the browser to allow anyone to use end-to-end encryption to communicate without the problems of SSL, the standard way browsers do crypto, or mucking about with downloading and installing other software. For Kobeissi, that means non-technical people anywhere in the world can talk without fear of online snooping from corporations, criminals or governments.
The fact that you dont have to install anything, the fact that it works instantly, this increases security, he explained, sitting down with Wired at HOPE 9 to talk about Cryptocat, activism and getting through American airports.
To create Cryptocat Kobeissi had to deal with controversies in computer security, usability and geo-politics.
When he flies through the US, hes generally had the notorious SSSS printed on his boarding pass, marking him for searches and interrogations  which Kobeissi says have focused on his development of the chat client.
Online privacy doesnt have a lot of corporate or governmental fans these days, but Kobeissi has faced controversy before.
During 2010 and 2011 I was a defender of WikiLeaks and the free press in general, and I thought Collateral Murder (the WikiLeaks publication of a controversial helicopter assault video) was a highly significant piece of journalism, he said.
He mirrored WikiLeaks content and organized a march in support of the organization during the period in late 2010 when WikiLeaks found itself thrown off of Amazons hosting service and blocked by credit card companies. I know for certain that its contributed to other defenders of WikiLeaks and Bradley Manning being harassed, so its somewhat likely that I could also be targeted. Still, Kobeissi points out that hes never been questioned about WikiLeaks, only about Cryptocat.
His SSSSs can mean hours of waiting, and Kobeissi says he has been searched, questioned, had his bags and even his passport taken away and returned later. But hes kept his sense of humor about the experience, even joking from the airport on his Twitter account.
Nadim Kobeissi
WHAT AN SSSS FOR THE FIFTH TIME IN A ROW HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN I AM SO SURPRISED THIS IS SO SURPRISING pic.twitter.com/ooM1L0I7
17 Jun 12
The young and cheerfully sarcastic Kobeissi is somewhat baffled by the border attention. Kobeissi said that in one of his last U.S. trips through Charlotte, NC, In total I was searched either three or four times,  in a single visit. Why? Do bombs materialize? I dont understand, he continued. If the searches, delays, and interrogations about Cryptocat are an intimidation tactic, they havent worked.
Dear US Government, Im from Lebanon, Kobeissi said, laughing. You dont scare me, you dont understand. My friends were killed in 2008, my house was bombed and my neighborhood ruined. My father was killed in 2006. You dont scare me at all. If you want to scare me, send me for torture in Syria. But you cant anymore, because Syrians are revolting.
A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman declined to comment on Kobeissis detentions at the border, saying he was prohibited from doing so by privacy laws, though he maintains that it plays nicely with The United States has been and continues to be a welcoming nation. U.S. Customs and Border Protection not only protects U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents in the country but also wants to ensure the safety of our international travelers who come to visit, study and conduct legitimate business in our country.
Our dual mission is to facilitate travel in the United States while we secure our borders, our people and our visitors from those that would do us harm like terrorists and terrorist weapons, criminals, and contraband. CBP officers are charged with enforcing not only immigration and customs laws, but they enforce over 400 laws for 40 other agencies and have stopped thousands of violators of U.S. law.
CBP strives to treat all travelers with respect and in a professional manner, while maintaining the focus of our mission to protect all citizens and visitors in the United States.
To get Cryptocat to the hands of Syrians resisting their government, or Canadians resisting being profiled by marketers, Kobeissi had to build a crypto tool in a place where no crypto tool has ever flourished  your browser. You have to make it just as easily accessible as Facebook Chat or Google Talk, which is what Im trying to do with Cryptocat, he said.
Google, Facebook and a infinite variety of other sites are pushing more functionality into the browser to increase the power of web apps, and the browser has become, for many people, the main interface of their computer. But from a security point of view, the browser has always failed to provide for users  in no way worse than in cryptography.
Encrypting data to keep it away from prying eyes, be they hackers or nations has proved nearly impossible in the browser, which has relied on one standard to do everything: SSL, which is known to be broken. The terrible state of browser security plagued Kobeissi in his work to build Browsers are huge, complex, multilayered beasts with lots of moving parts, and every last one of them implements at best some dialect of each of the many standards that a modern browser has to support, said Meredith Patterson, a senior research scientist at Red Lambda. Patterson deals with security and cryptography on an architectural level in her research, and has reviewed and commented on Cryptocat.
Problems like bad browser sandboxing meant that something in one tab could affect a session in a Cryptocat window. No libraries or standards existed to handle normal encryption functions in Javascript. The biggest problem is that delivery of Javascript code from server to browser could be intercepted and modified by breaking the SSL connection without a user ever knowing they were running malicious code.
Kobeissi faced criticism from the security community for even trying, but he persevered. Now more than a year later, Cryptocat has significantly advanced the field of browser crypto, he said with obvious pride. We implemented elliptic curve cryptography, (and) a cryptographically secure random number generator in the browser, along with creating a Cryptocat Chrome app to address the code delivery problem.
I dont think Nadim really knew what he was in for when he started this project, but although it got off to a bumpy start, hes risen to the occasion admirably, said Patterson.
But Kobeissi also knows that its equally important that Cryptocat be usable and pretty. Kobeissi wants Cryptocat to be something you want to use, not just need to. Encrypted chat tools have existed for years  but have largely stayed in the hands of geeks, who usually arent the ones most likely to need strong crypto. Security is not just good crypto. Its very important to have good crypto, and audit it. Security is not possible without (that), but security is equally impossible without making it accessible.
Patterson agrees with Kobeissis approach. As much as it drives all of us nerds batshit, J. Random internet user spends most if not all of her time in the browser, and generally doesnt care to install even a separate email client  much less a separate chat client, she said. If you dont go where the users live, you dont get users. End of story.
Nevertheless, Kobeissi has said repeatedly that Cryptocat is an experiment. Structural flaws in browser security and Javascript still dog the project as it moves toward version 2, scheduled for the end of the year. Cryptocat 2 will be a full Jabber client, allowing for both current style OTR and Multi Party, or mpOTR for group chats. OTR is Off-The-Record messaging, the current gold standard in encrypted chat. (Not to be confused with Google Talks OTR, which is not encrypted at all.)
Screenshot of the second version of Cryptocat, a Jabber/xmpp client with full OTR support.
He isnt eager to bet his life on his work to date. But in environments like the Arab revolts, he acknowledges that for all of Cryptocats flaws, its better than software many people in Arab countries use right now, which can put them in tremendous danger. If the alternative is Facebook Chat or Google Talk or Skype please use Cryptocat by all means, but its still an experiment.
Thus far Cryptocat hasnt penetrated far into the consciousness of the common user, but for some groups in need of secure communications, its already part of the toolkit. High security, simple to use, said an active participant in the internet collective Anonymous, which has faced prosecution and worse the world over. If its a hurry and someone needs something quickly, Cryptocat.
Kobeissi himself grew up in Beirut, Lebanon. Besides authoring the secure chat tool and being a security researcher, hes a political science and philosophy major at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. His post-college job is set  hell be developing Cryptocat full time, living on grant money for the project.
He emigrated to Canada after a conversation with his mother, when the-then teenager came to realize he might not live very long in Lebanon  an situation that informed his software design. Hes vocal about his love of his adopted home in Canada, as well about how the internet and games kept him going through the rough times in the wartorn country of his birth, The happiest things in my childhood were Sega Game Gear and Sega Genesis. Its clear that Cryptocats distinctive 8-bit feel isnt just a gimmick.
Nowadays he sees himself as coming from two cultures, North American and Middle Eastern, and it gives him a rare perspective on both the need and usefulness of getting crypto into the hands of everyone.
This is something North Americans dont realize. Here were exporting cryptography software. Generally, especially in todays context, the Middle East imports cryptographic software, but its a foreign product. A foreign civilization made it, he said.
He believes that by building Cryptocat with more sensitivity to the pleasures of the user, he can help the people that need secure communications most. I want it to be something that has a nice color scheme, that works in your browser, that you can open instantly, thats easily accessible, that has a cat, that has audio notifications, that has desktop notifications, Kobeissi said, Because these are important security features.
When faced with the torture of using crypto software or the torture of a repressive government, some dissidents have  intentionally or not  opted for the latter.
I have seen someone who I know knows how to use OTR not use OTR, and get tortured as a result, in Syria OTR is not accessible, its not a pleasure to use.
Pages: 1 2 View All
You Might Like
Around the Web
Related Links by Contextly WikiLeaks Associates Hit Back Over U.S. Twitter Records Demand
U.S. Soldier on 2007 Apache Attack: What I Saw
Another Hackers Laptop, Cellphones Searched at Border
FBI Drive for Encryption Backdoors Is Dij` Vu for Security Experts
Olympics Journalists Urged To Use Crypto, to Thwart Chinese Spying
Show More
Quinn Norton is a writer and photographer who peripatetically covers net culture, copyright, computer security, intellectual property, body modification, medicine, and biotech.
Read more by Quinn Norton
Follow  on Twitter.

@_date: 2012-07-31 18:40:23
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: A Day Job Waiting for a Kill Shot a World Away 
References: <20120731093442.GP12615
We are doomed not only as a country, but as a world, if this non-sense 'war' continues. We have so much technology to take us forward in our world TOGETHER, but instead, we use it to rip away any (remaining) sense of humanity that we may have left.
I am curious Mr. John Young's take on this article...
-B. Brewer

@_date: 2012-03-13 20:50:44
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: Fwd: [liberationtech] Have you all heard about this story? 
References: <4F5FB637.1080001
-------- Original Message --------
Company to give out 4G hotspots to homeless people w/ t-shirts saying "I'm
a 4G hotspot"  via liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-03-14 16:37:17
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: [wired] Unknown Tech Company Defies FBI In Mystery Surveillance 
Unknown Tech Company Defies FBI In Mystery Surveillance Case
"Sometime earlier this year, a provider of communication services in the
United States  perhaps a phone company, perhaps Twitter  got a letter
from the FBI demanding it turn over information on one, or possibly even
hundreds, of its customers. The letter instructed the company to never
disclose the existence of the demand to anyone  in particular, the
target of the investigation.
This sort of letter is not uncommon post-9/11 and with the passage of
the U.S. Patriot Act, which gave the FBI increased authority to issue
so-called National Security Letters (NSLs). In 2010, the FBI sent more
than 24,000 NSLs to ISPs and other companies, seeking information on
more than 14,000 individuals in the U.S.
The public heard about none of these letters.
But this time, the company that received the request pushed back. It
told the agency that it wanted to tell its customer that he or she was
being targeted, which would give the customer a chance to fight the
request in court, as a group of Twitter users did last year when the
Justice Department sought their records under a different kind of
request. The minor defiance in this latest case was enough to land the
NSL request in a federal court docket last Friday, where the government
filed a request for a court order to force the company to adhere to the
gag order."

@_date: 2012-03-19 17:36:50
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: "The Pirate Bay Attacks Censorship With Low Orbit Server 
The Pirate Bay Attacks Censorship With Low Orbit Server Drones
ErnestoMarch 18, 2012145 tpbPrint
In recent months The Pirate Bay has drastically changed its site to make
it less vulnerable to ever increasing censorship attempts across the
globe. But that was just the start, as the torrent site now says its
getting ready to put some of its hardware in GPS controlled drones.
Everyone knows WHAT TPB is. Now theyre going to have to think about
WHERE TPB is, The Pirate Bay team told TorrentFreak.
It is no secret that Hollywood wants The Pirate Bay to shut down. But to
accomplish this authorities may soon have to shoot down the sites
servers as these will be hovering in the air.
The Pirate Bay today unveiled their new mission. Theyre working on
hosting parts of their site in GPS-controlled drones, instead of
old-fashioned data centers.
Everyone knows WHAT TPB is. Now theyre going to have to think about
WHERE TPB is, The Pirate Bay team told TorrentFreak. We were further
informed that the first drone will probably fly above international waters.
Were already the most resilient and the most down to earth. Thats why
we need to lift off, being this connected to the ground doesnt feel
appropriate to us anymore, TPB told us. Although the line between
reality and fantasy can be rather thin at The Pirate Bay, we were
assured that the plan to launch a drone is real.
TPBs new host?
In a blog post Hollywoods arch-rivals half reveal some more details
about the unconventional plan.
With the development of GPS controlled drones, far-reaching cheap radio
equipment and tiny new computers like the Raspberry Pi, were going to
experiment with sending out some small drones that will float some
kilometers up in the air. This way our machines will have to be shut
down with aeroplanes in order to shut down the system. A real act of war.
Were just starting so we havent figured everything out yet. But we
cant limit ourselves to hosting things just on land anymore. These Low
Orbit Server Stations (LOSS) are just the first attempt. With modern
radio transmitters we can get over 100Mbps per node up to 50km away. For
the proxy system were building, thats more than enough.
The drone plan is yet another move to make it harder to censor or
shutdown The Pirate Bay. Last month the file-sharing site traded in
torrents for magnets for the exact same reason, and behind the scenes
The Pirate Bay team is making more adjustments.
Looking ahead, The Pirate Bay team thinks the site may no longer be
hosted on this planet.
When the time comes we will host in all parts of the galaxy, being true
to our slogan of being the galaxys most resilient system. And all of
the parts well use to build that system on will be downloadable.
Interesting times..

@_date: 2012-11-20 15:50:50
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Senate bill rewrite lets feds read your e-mail without 
References: <20121120151617.GD9750
I honestly wonder WHO has WHAT information on this guy.
Or how large the favor/Cheque was in order to change so many drastic components, in an almost 180 rotation...?
 > .....

@_date: 2012-10-09 16:43:25
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Gaga + wiki? 
References: <507387C9.5070408
  <67FF56DE-8DDF-459F-A8F5-C82B7CDA1AAB
Depending on ones viewpoint of the people involved, the 3rd definition could hold true...
"CalB7vaB7ryb b[kal-vuh-ree]  Show IPA
noun, plural CalB7vaB7ries for 2, 3.
Golgotha, the place where Jesus was crucified. Luke 23:33.
( often lowercase ) a sculptured representation of the Crucifixion, usually erected in the open air.
( lowercase ) an experience or occasion of extreme suffering, especially mental suffering."
But yes, you are correct in my incorrect word usage. On that note, how do you think this will impact the opinions of others on either character? I'm trying to figure out if it will 'help' Assange or if it will 'harm' gaga. (Yes, I'm trying to quantify something that is hard / silly to quantify).

@_date: 2012-09-08 16:28:56
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Fwd: <nettime> 'subjective' 'math' '.' digest [x2: carroll, 
References: Interesting indeed.
-------- Original Message --------
Resent-From: nettime at kein.org
Resent-To: Nettime Re:  subjective math .
      brian carroll       Michael H Goldhaber - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

@_date: 2012-09-22 16:00:15
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Tim May on This Machine Kills Secrets 
References: A copy just showed up at my doorstep the other day; Yet to get it cracked open yet, but I am curious...
Never realized you were so famous...

@_date: 2012-09-23 17:23:57
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Fwd: [cryptography] Preemptive compromise of Apple ID accounts 
References: -------- Original Message --------
I just got email from Apple asking me to confirm setting up a rescue email
address for my Apple ID account (I haven't owned any Apple products since the
IIe).  It's the real thing from Apple, not a phishing email. So it looks attackers have gone beyond social engineering access to Apple accounts and are
pre-emptively creating mechanisms for access on the off chance that the may at some point become an Apple account user who can then be exploited.
That's pretty sophisticated forward planning.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-09-25 17:26:22
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Fwd: [cryptography] Data breach at IEEE.org: 100k plaintext 
References: Wow. This is extremely stupid.
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: noloader at gmail.com
In case anyone on the list might be affected... [Please note: I am not
the "I' in the text below]
IEEE and the log story
IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) is renowned
as one of the world-leading organizations in standard development and
the promotion of scientific and educational development within the
Electrical, Electronics, Communications, Computer Engineering,
Computer Science and related fields. The organization has more than
415,000 members all over the world, almost half of them in the United
States [1].
By the nature of the organization, IEEE members are highly specialised
individuals, many of them working in critical industry, governmental
and military projects. Furthermore, it would be reasonable to assume,
that an organization publishing leading security-focused publications
[2], would value the privacy of its members, and be proactive in
keeping their data secure.
Due to several undoubtedly grave mistakes, the ieee.org account
username and plaintext password of around 100,000 IEEE members were
publicly available on the IEEE FTP server for at least one month.
Furthermore, all the actions these users performed on the ieee.org
website were also available. Separately, spectrum.ieee.org visitor
activity is also publicly available.
The simplest and most important mistake on the part of the IEEE web
administrators was that they failed to restrict access to their
webserver logs for both ieee.org and spectrum.ieee.org allowing these
to be viewed by anyone going to the address
ftp://ftp.ieee.org/uploads/akamai/ (closed on September 24 around
13:00 UTC, after I reported it). On these logs, as is the norm, every
web request was recorded (more than 376 million HTTP requests in
total). Web server logs should never be publicly available, since they
usually contain information that can be used to identify users
(sometimes even after the log was anonymized as in the "AOL incident"
[3]). However, this case is much worse, since 411.308 of the log
entries contain both usernames and passwords. Out of these, there seem
to be 99.979 unique usernames.
If leaving an FTP directory containing 100GB of logs publicly open
could be a simple mistake in setting access permissions, keeping both
usernames and passwords in plaintext is much more troublesome. Keeping
a salted cryptographic hash of the password is considered best
practice, since it would mitigate exactly such an access permission
mistake. Also, keeping passwords in logs is inherently insecure,
especially plaintext passwords, since any employee with access to logs
(for the purpose of analysis, monitoring or intrusion detection) could
pose a threat to the privacy of users.
Log analysis
It is certainly unfortunate this information was leaked out, and who
knows who got it before it got fixed. Maybe there are access logs for
the FTP so the damage can be assessed. Anyway, the affected users will
probably have to be informed, since it is my understanding that the
law requires it. In Europe there is Article 4 of the Directive on
privacy and electronic communications (Directive 2002/58/EC) and its
amendment (Directive 2009/136/EC). In the US, 46 states seem to have
similar requirements [4].
While the cause of the data breach has been solved, one must point out
the value of this dataset from a research perspective. It is rare that
researchers gain access to such rich datasets. Various ethical and
privacy-related considerations must be evaluated before such datasets
can be publicly released. Deciding on how to anonymize the data is no
easy challenge. Simply excluding any information making users directly
identifiable is not enough, as past dataset releases have shown that
some users can still be pinpointed. This resulted in lawsuits in the
case of Netflix [5] and AOL [6], or the withdrawal of the data, like
in the recent Wikipedia case [7]. For this reason, companies such as
Google prefer to keep such data for study by internal researchers and
do not release it to the public [3]. Furthermore, some companies
release data to a trusted researcher with the condition to remain
anonymous, like an unnamed European mobile phone operator did for
Albert-LC!szlC3 BarabC!si [8]. This means academic researchers working in
such fields as Information Retrieval have limited access to fresh
real-world data, being at a disadvantage to their industrial
For these reasons, I cannot not give in to the urge to perform a basic
analysis of this serendipitously acquired data, although I acknowledge
this might be ethically dubious. However, I did not, and plan not to
release the raw log data to anyone else.
Data overview
Log data time span:  01/Aug/2012:20:46:28 +0000b to 18/Sep/2012:08:47:17 Total number of log entries: 376.021.496
log entries for ieee.org: 301.319.566
log entries for spectrum.ieee.org: 74.701.930
log entries with password details: 411.308 (of which 17.157 are
password reset requests and have no username field)
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-09-26 15:21:15
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Fwd: [liberationtech] facebook sim card 
References: <50633865.8070008
Interesting, interesting indeed.
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: liberationtech hi there,
i would be happy if anyone knows details or can point me somewhere to
get to know more about the facebook sim card:
do you know of independent technical documents, academic papers or other
good sources of information?
fyi: this is one of the ways how facebook is getting access to new users
that are using so called "simple phones", the ones without even j2me
capabilites. and this user group is huge in many parts of the world.
if you are interested in the general trajectory and technological set up
of facebook how to reach more mobile phones, this text is really good:
fb has developed solutions for all the different types of phones and
uses the fast growing mobile telephony market e.g. in some african
countries to lock-in users at their first contact with mobile media.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-08-04 14:48:50
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Urea at NSA Utah Data Center 
References:  <51F519A4.4080907
Exactly. No doubt they'll have plenty of back-up power options in such a place, and hell, we all want 'clean air'.
Super blu to the rescue.

@_date: 2013-08-18 06:07:44
@_author: Bbrewer 
@_subject: see something, say something stamps 
References: <1209772427.342751.1376808368024.JavaMail.root
McDonalds. "I'm lovin' it"
The list goes on and on.
They're loving it.
Sent with AquaMail for Android

@_date: 2013-03-07 23:05:19
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Summary of where we are right now 
Sent: Thu Mar 07 23:01:56 EST 2013
How isn't it? 'We' now willingly place almost all of our communications, contacts, and finances, into one basket delivered by your local telco, cable co, satellite, or neighbors 'netgear'.

@_date: 2013-10-27 18:02:06
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Another Snowden News Story. Another Lesson in Proper 
References:  <526D3E52.7090903 <526D84B6.6010106
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Recent tweet:
"Glenn Greenwald ? 42m
A new large country tomorrow morning will learn how many millions of
its citizens have their communications data intercepted by the NSA".
Still playing the cat/mouse game of catch and release, stroking ones
own ego.
And here I thought he was 'different'.

@_date: 2013-09-02 13:05:34
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: New breakthrough could bring quantum encryption to smartphones 
References: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
More centralized requirements, so, in essence, not assisting 'us' in
(m)any way, really.
Le. Sigh.

@_date: 2013-09-20 15:14:22
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Jim Bell's fiber-optic patent application. 
References: <1379630797.55940.YahooMailNeo
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
And, a bit off topic, but along that note:
Is everyone else getting duplicate posts over the past 3 or 4 days?
I'm assuming it has something to do with the dual-lists changeover
that occurred somewhat recently...

@_date: 2014-12-03 17:47:10
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: surveillance, its proponents and its opponents 
References: <20141203132155.9F9682280E1
I think the idea of accountability is a grand one, really. Unfortunately, no doubt the camera will be the end all be all of evidential proof, and as we know, footage will be able to be modified, at a cost, when the need arises. The low end of this is perhaps blaming the lack of recording of an event as a technological failure, no doubt to be seen in the wild, if only for scapegoating and quieting the nay-sayers of footage validity  Ie. If it were not real, why would we go through the work to edit it, when instead itd be far easier to blame on a technological issue/battery/blahblahblah.
Its in fact not true accountability at all; its accountability in veil  A supporter of whatever agenda they wish to pursue.
Speaking of Obamacare, I have zero intentions of playing along. I wish most felt the same way. If no one subscribed, succumbed to the threats (oh oh, sorry, tax) of not having insurance, the system wouldnt work, wouldnt exist. People would find a way to make enough money under the table to cover the tax for not having such required insurance. Taxable incomes would drop, decently, or significantly, not only for the rich (they do this to avoid taxes, obviously) but for the average working layman as well.
What a glorious day for society when we slowly start to starve the state.

@_date: 2014-01-03 17:25:30
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
References: <1388445314.96784.YahooMailNeo
 <1388473744.13334.YahooMailNeo
 <1388480287.82083.YahooMailNeo
 <6BDC09B6-D059-449B-9B83-9E6BAA88F89F
Also mirrored now at:
No links from the Maine Page (there really is no main page...)

@_date: 2014-06-14 14:42:31
@_author: b. brewer 
@_subject: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
References: <20140404042502.7DA6C2280B0
So, because not only has he played 'in the system', but in fact
excelled 'in the system', he is meant to be viewed as a MORE
trustworthy source?
Conclusions, fed.
Next, work on feeding the homeless....

@_date: 2015-01-31 11:41:48
@_author: Benjamin Brewer 
@_subject: www.nsa-observer.net 
References: Pardon my ignorance about this, and I will do my own research, but do these hidden formattings/stego/call-home functions disappear, get mutilated, become broken when converting such PDF documents to other document types via use of many conversion tools (Calibre comes to mind instantly) or are these embedded organisms a persistent across any automated conversion routine?

@_date: 2015-07-28 11:21:11
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: another google nugget 
References: <55b74802.c7628c0a.349b.ffff9e4b
 <20150728110953.GA2524
 <1438094632.21834.1.camel <20150728144734.GM6906
I wanted to hit the like button on this, but I couldnt find it. My internet must be broken.
(I will agree hosting your own could be the way to go, however, running/admining your own box at home / work or hosted on a VPS each carry with them their own dangers of security, trust, yadda yadda).
There is, as you state, a large difference between acknowledging these other options and their upsides/downsides, vs. simply not acknowledging their existence at all.

@_date: 2015-03-21 15:33:27
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: Help: Can anyone identify what this is? 
References: <1426742582.1230193.242363773.643B039E
 <1426767870.454282.242494033.140EB1ED
 <1426783842.1312305.242595033.4337CF20
 <1426805782.698852.242769650.46191A34
 <1426938666.1902550.243353774.571FEF28
Just throwing this out there, but perhaps it was simply a diversion in the physical realm to take a slight edge away from a network realm.

@_date: 2015-10-11 14:37:28
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying customers? 
References:  <20151011180239.EA60FC00014
Has anyone stopped to think that perhaps it was on absolute purpose as a warning of lack of safety on his servers due to known 'but unable to speak about system compromise? Ie. The same fashion as a warrant canary, or what have you?
JYAs stance has always seemed to have been: Youre not safe, please do not be deluded into believing any systems, statements, or mathematical systems will always have your back. Perhaps this is just to bring it into the absolute light for those too dense to grasp this mindset.
The above scenario would also explain his general lack of input on the situation  I myself have been expecting miles and miles of (interestingly grotesque almost) prose about the situation.

@_date: 2015-10-11 16:19:54
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying 
References:  <20151011180239.EA60FC00014
Perhaps he knew that you would keep the conversation raging, therefore bringing it more into the light than silence itself would prompt. Since youve been on the case, cypherpunks is 90% this subject matter, and 10% other cruft.
Again, perhaps that was the intended purpose.
Ie, in a different thread about the same subject (after he poked and prodded you earlier in said thread)
I dont know; neither do you. Selling old ass log files on purpose isnt full of much sense if youre constraining yourself into thinking inside the box. JYA doesnt seem very in the box to me, but hey

@_date: 2015-10-11 16:30:00
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: [cryptome] Re: Why cryptome sold web logs to their paying 
References:  <20151011180239.EA60FC00014
 <8C4170F3-B9A5-4EB6-A6DB-7BE6701DD560
"Levison said that he could be arrested for closing the site instead of releasing the information, and it was reported that the federal prosecutor's office had sent Levison's lawyer an e-mail to that effect.
Im just blabbering on suppositions here, but I wouldnt be surprised by anything.

@_date: 2016-08-11 21:08:06
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: tor promises to be good* 
No worries, JUAN, they promise no backdoors (Im with you on your design stance, btw)
"The Tor Social Contract
Posted August 9th, 2016 by alison  in At The Tor Project, we make tools that help promote and protect the essential human rights of people everywhere. We have a set of guiding principles that make that possible, but for a long time, those principles were more or less unspoken. In order to ensure that project members build a Tor that reflects the commitment to our ideals, we've taken a cue from our friends at Debian and written the Tor Social Contract -- the set of principles that show who we are and why we make Tor.
Our social contract is a set of behaviors and goals: not just the promised results we want for our community, but the ways we seek to achieve them. We want to grow Tor by supporting and advancing these guidelines in the time we are working on Tor, while taking care not to undermine them in the rest of our time.
The principles can also be used to help recognize when people's actions or intents are hurting Tor. Some of these principles are established norms; things we've been doing every day for a long time; while others are more aspirational -- but all of them are values we want to live in public, and we hope they will make our future choices easier and more open. This social contract is one of several documents that define our community standards, so if you're looking for things that aren't here (e.g. something that might be in a code of conduct) bear in mind that they might exist, in a different document.
Social goals can be complex. If there is ever tension in the application of the following principles, we will always strive to place highest priority on the safety and freedom of any who would use the fruits of our endeavors. The social contract can also help us work through such tensions -- for example, there are times when we might have a need to use tools that are not completely open (contradicting point 2) but opening them would undermine our users' safety (contradicting point 6). Using such a tool should be weighed against how much it's needed to make our technologies usable (point 1). And if we do use such a tool, we must be honest about its capabilities and limits (point 5). Tor is not just software, but a labor of love produced by an international community of people devoted to human rights. This social contract is a promise from our internal community to the rest of the world, affirming our commitment to our beliefs. We are excited to present it to you.
1. We advance human rights by creating and deploying usable anonymity and privacy technologies.
We believe that privacy, the free exchange of ideas, and access to information are essential to free societies. Through our community standards and the code we write, we provide tools that help all people protect and advance these rights.
2. Open and transparent research and tools are key to our success.
We are committed to transparency; therefore, everything we release is open and our development happens in the open. Whenever feasible, we will continue to make our source code, binaries, and claims about them open to independent verification. In the extremely rare cases where open development would undermine the security of our users, we will be especially vigilant in our peer review by project members.
3. Our tools are free to access, use, adapt, and distribute.
The more diverse our users, the less is implied about any person by simply being a Tor user. This diversity is a fundamental goal and we aim to create tools and services anyone can access and use. Someone's ability to pay for these tools or services should not be a determining factor in their ability to access and use them. Moreover, we do not restrict access to our tools unless access is superceded by our intent to make users more secure. We expect the code and research we publish will be reviewed and improved by many different people, and that is only possible if everyone has the ability to use, copy, modify, and redistribute this information. We also design, build, and deploy our tools without collecting identifiable information about our users.
4. We make Tor and related technologies ubiquitous through advocacy and education.
We are not just people who build software, but ambassadors for online freedom. We want everybody in the world to understand that their human rights -- particularly their rights to free speech, freedom to access information, and privacy -- can be preserved when they use the Internet. We teach people how and why to use Tor and we are always working to make our tools both more secure and more usable, which is why we use our own tools and listen to user feedback. Our vision of a more free society will not be accomplished simply behind a computer screen, and so in addition to writing good code, we also prioritize community outreach and advocacy.
5. We are honest about the capabilities and limits of Tor and related technologies.
We never intentionally mislead our users nor misrepresent the capabilities of the tools, nor the potential risks associated with using them. Every user should be free to make an informed decision about whether they should use a particular tool and how they should use it. We are responsible for accurately reporting the state of our software, and we work diligently to keep our community informed through our various communication channels.
6. We will never intentionally harm our users.
We take seriously the trust our users have placed in us. Not only will we always do our best to write good code, but it is imperative that we resist any pressure from adversaries who want to harm our users. We will never implement front doors or back doors into our projects. In our commitment to transparency, we are honest when we make errors, and we communicate with our users about our plans to improve.

@_date: 2016-08-13 20:22:39
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: tor promises to be good* 
References: <90B57D40-9B68-4559-BA34-922BFA6041AD
 <20160812020027.GE2957
Absolutely, it is all BS. Difference is, google isnt really aiming at the crowd that really gives a crap about such things, vs where TOR is. I myself am completely owned by google; gmail since beta, and a FI user for nearing 6 months. I know and understand that they know *everything* about my life, perhaps better than I do  I figure as long as that is acknowledged, cest la vie.
Its a tradeoff
Seems like TOR isnt marketing towards those willing to make those tradeoffs, especially since their entire service/product is the vague notion of being invisible online.
While both seem to be fucking you in the ass, google isnt really lying to your face. Besides, evil is all in the mind of the beholder.
sigh. you want privacy? Keep it in your head; or at least, keep it off the inter-basket, where all our eggs seem to collect.
* written on my super sekure osx device. ** not really secure.
*** fuck it.

@_date: 2016-08-13 21:05:07
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: tor promises to be good* 
References: <90B57D40-9B68-4559-BA34-922BFA6041AD
 <20160812020027.GE2957
 <91B71C8F-7017-4F74-B958-24A5D68702D8
 <57afc022.8d26370a.7edd0.7995
Not kidding; No one looked to google services for their privacy and protections, no? They subscribe to email, knowing they are read for ads, and knowing that no doubt, everything is logged and available at whatever official request. They look towards TOR for almost the opposite. They *are* selling protection.
Not meaningless at all; however, for *myself* the notion that TOR is screwing people over carries far more weight (and no surprise) than the notion of google screwing people over who were not explicitly seeking said protections.
*shrug*. Like you said, technology aside on the Micro level, the Macro level design of TOR provides them all the protections with none of the liability. How others do not understand this is beyond my scope, if you will.

@_date: 2016-02-25 19:46:46
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Fwd: Cryptopolitik and the Darknet 
References: <56C1D9C4.4010504
 <56CF7844.2000503
Reap what you sow. Interestingly enough, it corresponds to nature overall  Although we try to distance ourselves so so so hard from the notion of we being nature these days.
Go for a walk in nature; shoot your local heroin dealer.

@_date: 2016-07-22 21:33:50
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: the most annoying thing about Juan 
References: <20160719091530.GR16437 <578DF584.8030003
 <578e9d29.1724c80a.2784a.da4d <578F2DAB.9010206
 <57906a49.55aa370a.3886c.29ec <57907D3E.3070605
 <57908b11.c79b370a.9b025.364a <57909BDA.6060707
 <57915aa7.91c3370a.c2532.eec6
100% agree with your thoughts on tor as a network (ie; using it does nothing but protect the creators due to the core design principle  the tech behind it need not be changed nor understood, if this is.
as well, the above quoted statement reminded me only of the proverb, dont put all your eggs in one basket.
Oh my, weve so failed that one.

@_date: 2016-07-22 21:37:32
@_author: bbrewer 
@_subject: =?utf-8?Q?Re=3A_What_If_There_Just_Aren=E2=80=99t_Enough_Jobs_to?= 
References: I once read an article somewhere about the notion of the modern day job and how they didnt (all) exist in order to get actual work done, but instead existed to prove ones worth to society, in the form of what we call money.
Perhaps you have a link or title to this article? Ive completely spaced the author, title, location of this piece, but ive mentioned it to friends a million times over, and am simply unable to locate
