
@_date: 2004-07-23 16:28:27
@_author: Ahmad Mobley 
@_subject: Is it a MicroCap Bonanza? 
Southwestern Medical Solutions, Inc. (SWNM)    A development-stage company targeted at the multibillion-dollar medical devices business.
Current Price: 0.11
Will it Continue Higher? Watch This One Monday as We Know Many of You Like Momentum. Breaking News!!
High International Markets Interest in SWMS's LabguardT
Southwestern Medical Solutions, Inc. (SWNM) announced that continuing successful clinical trials of its proprietary Labguard TM Diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations.
The Worldwide Distribution Of SWMS Products During the past several months, SWMS has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as well as medical device distributors for the international markets. Vice President of New Product Development, Mr. Richard Powell, noted, "As announced previously, we are currently developing the LabguardT product for OEM license to major national distributors. Concurrently, we have been in discussions with world players on the international distribution scene. We believe we have found our business solutions partner for Canada and will make an official announcement once this is finalized. Other major markets are being pursued." With a growing marketing capability groomed for the Company's initial product launch of the LabguardT Diagnostic Testing systems, SWMS management believes that the Company represents strong potential as a volume manufacturing/sales company. The complete product line, encompassing a wide array of medical diagnostics tests, will begin its prototype testing once the initial LabguardT product is officially launched. The Company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments/diagnostic and surgical equipment fields and holds patents and patent pending rights to several medica| breakthr0ugh products.
Poised For Launch Into Worldwide Healthcare Markets
Currently involved in clinical investigative studies for its patent protected LabguardT systems, Southwestern Medical Solutions continues to develop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community. With the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented Protect-A-PalT safe syringe systems, and its potential entrance into the Hydrotherapy market, as well as disposable surgical devices, SWNM is poised to gain a strong market presence and build a healthy portfolio of high demand products.
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is SWNM Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch
this One Trade Monday! Go SWNM.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors.  This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company.  We were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report.  This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.  If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to daily_10tip
