
@_date: 1994-08-03 11:31:08
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: broadcast encryption 
You mean that pay-per-view satellite TV is *not* encrypted?
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 BUT! Just say no to key escrow. And stamp out spamming, too.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a (soon 2.6) public key.

@_date: 1994-08-09 11:37:43
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: No more NSA supra-computer? 
Yesterday I was talking with a friend, and the subject of supercomputers
came up. Naturally, I mentioned the NSA 7000 Y-MP equivalent and Gunter
Ahrendt's list of supercomputers worldwide (finger
gunter at yarrow.wt.uwa.edu.au). My friend sent me a note this morning saying
that he couldn't find that machine on Gunter's list; sure enough, it's been
Anybody know what happened to this machine? Did they lose funding? Decide
it's not worth it? Is there some sort of subterfuge involved?
It would be nice to think the Congress killed it, or decided to give the
computer to a university, instead.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 BUT! Just say no to key escrow. And stamp out spamming, too.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a (soon 2.6) public key.

@_date: 1994-08-09 17:46:51
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: No more NSA supra-computer? 
Yeah, but the guy keeping the list is an Aussie.
What would you do if MI5 asked you to remove mention of their 10,000 Cray
Y-MP equivalent from *your* published list? I don't know about you, but
that's one of the few times I might actually be glad for the TLAs.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 BUT! Just say no to key escrow. And stamp out spamming, too.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a (soon 2.6) public key.

@_date: 1994-08-12 22:22:42
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: EFF on why they did it. 
The prisoner was served a meal of fresh lobster and fine wine. All were
moved by the priest's blessing, and touched by the prisoner's speech.
The doctor signed the death certificate shortly after midnight.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 BUT! Just say no to key escrow. And stamp out spamming, too.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.6 public key CFF23BD5.

@_date: 1994-08-12 22:22:57
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Bug in PgP2.6??? 
Except that the fix has been a *long* time coming. Hasn't it been about a
month since I complained about this? And there's still not even a simple
readme on the distribution site.
As I said before, if it's serious enough to shout to the world, "we
goofed," then it's serious enough to take the ten seconds necessary to
make the fix or make the instructions on how to do so obviously available.
The EFF has sold us out, and this is making MIT look rather unprofessional.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 BUT! Just say no to key escrow. And stamp out spamming, too.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.6 public key CFF23BD5.

@_date: 1994-08-15 10:29:12
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Tommy Tag Lines 
Ah, but that's the beauty of it. Who would believe that we're actually
doing anything? Better yet, what jury would now believe that all those
messages that the NSA has gotten via Tempest from us were anything but
elaborate NSA fodder? (I *knew* I should have bought that Faraday cage!)
Seriously, though, what with the simplicity of communicating in a very
secure manner on the 'net--whether that means PGP or old-fashioned code
(Aunt Sally's not feeling all that well, but the postcard you sent really
cheered her up. Are we still on for coffee and bagles at ten on
Saturday?)--it makes one wonder just what the NSA is trying to monitor, and
what they hope to accomplish by it.
b& (special agent 004)
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): The battle is over; Clipper is
 dead. But the war against Government Access to Keys (GAK) goes on.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.6 public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1994-08-18 16:37:13
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: PGP26A is out 
I'd say you should be. I just took a look at what they have at MIT:
that may
As you can see, there is no version other than 2.6 available there.
Whatever it is, it is *not* an official release.
Thanks for alerting the 'net.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): The battle is over; Clipper is
 dead. But the war against Government Access to Keys (GAK) goes on.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.6 public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1994-07-12 13:23:06
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Security for under a buck fifty 
The tradeoff is between number of characters needed (length of passphrase)
and diversity of character set. I'd probably have better luck with the
mnemonic if I didn't have to fit in a whole string of %*$ but that
should probably be a user setting.
Another possibility: have a dictionary of different parts of speech and
assemble them in order. For a short example, each passphrase could be in an
order such as:
Article adjective modifier noun verb article adjective modifier noun.
Our favorite would fit: The quick brown fox jumps over the very lazy dog.
This looses entropy (Mallet knows the order, and probably the dictionaries)
and so you would want either a longer sentence or some other modification,
like random--not decided by the person--capitalization or character
substitution. Or have two sentences: The quick brown fox jumps over the
very lazy dog; a lovely ermine glove fits into the hazy slumping bucket.
Figure thirteen bits each with dictionaries of ten thousand each
adjectives, modifiers, nouns, and verbs--your final dictionary would be 40
thousand words, total; you'd need about ten words to get 128 bits. Make
that two shorter--eight word--sentences, restricted to easy-to-remember
orderings, and you've more than made up for whatever entropy was lost in
having a known structure.
Umph. I think I need to start making time to write code, if I want to see
this work.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-15 16:21:21
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
Just so people know: complete protocols for poker can be found in Schneier.
All you need is a snazzy GUI. And, with ecash, you can even do all your
Nice idea!
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-17 13:31:07
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Hashed hash (and Kent's games) 
On the nose.
I'll probably do just that. First thought, subject to revision: hash the
name, feed it to DES with the output of a deterministic RNG (need not be
secure, but the slower the better--BBS? (not that BBS is incesure)) as the
key; repeat as needed. Hmmm...perhaps I'll adapt an earlier idea of mine:
split the hash into two parts, a and b, and compute (a^(1/b))-1, and use
some or all bits after the leading zeros.
Nice idea, but there's neither the available resources to do that, nor, I
think, the desire to beat up on careless users. Berzerk suggests a 0.1 S/N
ratio (and in an earlier note a couple useable algorithms for the multiple
encryption process); that would not be practical for any decent sized
database, and I might have 100K or so people to deal with. But I almost
certainly will mix in at least some random padding. I imagine that the
database will always be the same length, even as people are added and/or
removed with time. And the records, of course, will be premuted randomly.
Then here's a suggestion for you: develop some other primitives, like
rolling dice, and you could implement just about any other game you like.
Monopoly would need (aside from licensing issues) the dice, two decks of
special cards, and some ecash. (Surely MM used as Monopoly Money isn't
subversive? After all, it's teaching our young 'uns to be good
capitalists.) Scrabble would need a deck of cards, each of which contains
only a letter, with many duplicates. Trivial Pursiut is just a huge deck of
cards; they'd probably be index positions to the database of questions, so
special editions are just a file switch away.
These are among the most popular games in the US, and probalby abroad.
Build your primitives right, and these games are as simple as specifing
paramaters (how many sides to the dice, what info the cards contain, etc.).
And maybe you could license the stuff, each and every independent game, to
the current owners of the games that aren't PD.
So how about becomming "kb, the Kent who digitized the American family evening"?
Go for it! And drop me a line when you want beta testers (sometime Thursday?).
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-17 13:59:45
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: PGP bug *NOT* yet fixed 
Y'all remember that bug that Colin Plumb told us about in the true random
number generation part of PGP? It's still there, in the version from
net-dist.mit.edu, as of late yesterday evening. There is *no* mention of
the bug anywhere, in any readme files, in the documentation, anything.
This strikes me as irresponsible. I would expect PGP 2.6a to have been
released the day of the announcement, with the bug fixed. If there's some
reason why that couldn't be done, then at least there should be some sort
of prominent notice detailing the change, and probably a diff file--or even
a simple shell script--to apply the (very simple!) fix.
The signature on the following file checks as follows:
That's a month and a half ago.
The *only* copies of PGP 2.6 out there that are free of the bug are those
that have been fixed by hand. That's probably not all that many of them.
I'm going to bite the bullet and paste in the original message here. Feel
free to flame me if this is unnecessary re/cross-posting, but I'm not aware
of any place to get this aside from digging through archives, and....
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I have the unpleasant task of reporting a significant bug in PGP's
random number generation (for making primes), and that it's my fault.
It *is* a significant problem, although it is *not* end-of-the-world
severity.  That is, the code is not doing performing as intended,
and the results aren't as random as intended.  On the other hand,
this does not appear to make any generated keys easier to break.
Because it has to do with random-number generation, there are
no interoperability issues raised.  Please read on for details.
Thanks to the many people who have submitted other bug reports and
porting patches.  A new release from MIT is forthcoming with more
* The Bug
In pgp 2.6 (and 2.5), there is a file named "randpool.c", which
accumulates entropy from keyboard timings.  These random numbers are
used in generating session keys, although the primary random number
generator for session keys, based on IDEA, is unaffected.  The main
use of these random numbers is the much more sensitive task of
generating RSA secret keys.
In that file, a tiny helper function is xorbytes:
static void
xorbytes(byte *dest, byte const *src, unsigned len)
        while (len--)
                *dest++ = *src++;
A character is missing.  '^', to be precise.  That "=" should be "^=".
I wrote it, and I knew when I was writing it that it was critical
code.  Since you can't test a random-number generator (except for the
most trivial of flaws), you have to walk through the code very carefully.
I did, or thought I did, yet still managed to miss this.
Oops is too mild.  That code is not supposed to have ANY bugs.
In other words, I screwed up.  There's a lesson in there somewhere.
I'll try to learn it.
* The Effect
The randpool.c code works by maintaining a pool (buffer) of random bits
and adding in new "noise" from the environment each time a key is
pressed.  This "adding" is done by exclusive-oring it with successive
bytes from the existing pool.  When the pool is "full", a cryptographic
stirring operation is performed to mix all the information in the pool
together and get ready for new noise.  The bytes in the pool at the end
are intended to be uncorrelated with the noise bytes that will be added,
so the XOR adding does not cause any sort of "cancellation" of
information.  This stirring is done with a key, which is taken from the
pool at the end of each pass.
With the bug in place, the noise bytes *replace* the bytes in the pool
rather than being added to them.  So the information that was in the
pool is obliterated.  The only trace that remains is what's stored in
the key.  This is at most the size of the key, 512 bits, rather than the
size of the whole pool, 3072 bits.
PGP tries to ensure that generated RSA keys are completely unpredictable
by accumulating enough Shannon information to make the whole key.  Thus,
infinite computational power would not let you predict a generated
secret RSA key.  This bug subverts that.
* Security Analysis
What effect does this have on someone's chances of breaking an RSA
secret key generated with PGP 2.6?  Not much, as far as I can tell.
But it requires more careful thought and that eats into the comfort
margin that should be there.
Just for comparison, the RSAREF library's random number generation
routines are also based on MD5, but use 16 bytes of seed.  Successive
random bytes are taken by computing the MD5 hash of the 16-byte seed,
using those 16 bytes, incrementing the seed by 1 (taken as a 128-bit
number), and repeating.
Taking the MD5 of a 16-byte value involves one pass of the MD5Transform
function, with 16 of the 64 key bytes unknown, 48 bytes are known
(fixed, in fact), and the input hash is known (fixed, in fact).
Compared to this, PGP 2.6, even with the bug, is excellent.  All 64
bytes of key to MD5Transform are dependent on all of the seed, the input
hash varies widely, and the output is XORed with some
difficult-to-predict data.
The reason that you can get away with less than perfect random numbers
(less Shannon information than the size of the generated key) is that
you only have to make sure that the weakness does not make any attack
easier than the best known attack without the weakness.
As long as guessing is only useful to a brute-force attack, it remains
far easier to factor.
Paul Leyland estimated that the work to try all possible 128-bit
IDEA keys is equivalent to factoring a 3100-bit RSA key.  Now,
recent work by Arjen Lenstra on the number field sieve (Paul Leyland
was assuming the MPQS used in RSA-129) has raised this RSA key
length somewhat.  Thus, an argument can be made in favour of
RSAREF's use of a 128-bit random number seed, since that's all that
is necessary.
PGP prefers to be a little bit more paranoid.  Still, once you have
512 bits of uncertainty, trying all possibilities is more work than
trying to break a 1024-bit RSA key by trial division.
So let's see just how much entropy is in there.
Each keystroke, the following data is added to the random pool:
- - The cahracter typed, an int (2 or 4 bytes)
- - the time_t result of time() (4 bytes)
- - the clock_t result of clock() (4 bytes)
- - On MS-DOS, 2 bytes of hardware timer 0
- - On Unix, 8 bytes of gettimeofday() and 20 bytes of times() results
- - On VMS, 8 bytes of high-resolution timer.
The total is 12 bytes on MS-DOS, 32 bytes on Unix (this may vary, but
that's very common), and 20 bytes on VMS.
The information content of the bytes is taken at a maximum of 8 bits,
although it's actually closer to 15 bits on MS-DOS, and less (maybe
as low as 1 or 2) on a Unix system with a fast typist and a slow (60 Hz)
clock.  VMS is in between.
This means that the entropy density in the added bytes varies from 1/12
(or better) in MS-DOS to 1/256 on Unix.  Thus, the content of a pool's
worth (3072 bits) is 256 bits (or more) under MS-DOS and may be as low
as 12 bits on some flavours of Unix.
The random number accumulation operation adds bytes to the pool
until it is either full or the desired number of bits have been
accumulated.  Then it stors the pool.
For a maximum-sized key (1024 bits), it will take many passes through
the pool to accumulate the entropy, but owing to the bug, each time
the pool is overwritten with the most recently collected data.
The only entropy that remains from the previous pass is in the 512-bit
key buffer.
This applies to every stirring pass until the last, after the last noise
data has been added and new data is about to be withdrawn from the pool.
This last pass is very likely to be incomplete; some of the data at the
tail of the pool is probably not overwritten.  This can carry over
extra entropy from the previous pass.  No more than is there (the 12
to 256 bit range observed before), and then you have to add an unknown
fraction of that for data that has been added in the current pass,
but the total will vary from 12 bits (an average of 18) to 256 bits
(an average of 384).
Plus the entropy preserved in the key buffer.  So there is from
just over 512 to an average of 896 bits of entropy in the pool.
1016 random bits are used to make the starting values for the
two primes in a 1024-bit key.  This is clearly not the perfect
Shannon entropy PGP aims for.
As long as the stirring operation is still considered cryptographically
strong, this reduction in the possible range of generated keys is
not useful to a factoring algorithm, so it doesn't make a factoring
attack any easier, yet a factoring attack is still far easier than
a guessing attack, so the easiest attack is no easier.
So I don't think anything is more attackable.  Still, it's NOT
what was intended, and that's always bad.
My apologies to users of PGP.

@_date: 1994-07-18 13:33:52
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: PGP bug *NOT* yet fixed 
It might not be a disaster, but if it was bad enough for Colin to write
that message--it couldn't have been comfortable to admit to such a
mistake--it seems more than worthwhile to fix it at the same time,
especially considering that the fix could be as simple as putting his
message in the release directory.
I certainly thank Colin for having the courage to publicly announce the
mistake; my complaint is that there wasn't any follow-through.
The point is that this is damaging to PGP's reputation--it makes the
programmers look amateurish. You might be amatuers, but you sure haven't
acted like it until this. Any security-related bug serious enough to
announce is serious enough to fix immediately; otherwise, we should take
"Pretty Good" much more literally than most of us do now.
Heck, it would have taken a fraction of the time to fix the code than it
must have for Colin to write the letter.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-18 13:54:51
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Encrypting fax machine 
One would think that anybody who would go to the expense of designing an
encrypting FAX machine could at least afford to read the introduction to
any beginning crypto book.
Heck, I bet it's even the generator on page 46 of K&R's second edition C book.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-18 16:45:17
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: PROTOCOLS: Re: Hashed Hash 
At 10:54 PM 7/17/94, wcs at anchor.ho.att.com
Not quite; the last name would at least be the foundation of the
key--otherwise, just use the first field to decrypt the second. Location is
either 132 or 160 bytes from the start of the hash; all else is obscurity
that wouldn't be all that effective. Remeber, anybody can do individual
lookups, or else I'd just use some secure method to get it into people's
hands. If you can do individual lookups, you can do a lot (all) of them;
the best I can hope for is to slow that down, preferably in a
cryptographically secure way.
All it takes is some ambitious employee with connections to somebody with a
medium-sized workstation with a fair amount of idle time, like overnight. A
cheapie Alpha would do very nicely. Let it work--at no cost other than
initial setup and electricity--for a month or three, and you've got an
awful lot of names, even if you don't have the whole database.
There's not much obscurity here. Just write a minimal wrapper to the
existing (supplied) decryption code, unless my "security" relies on
non-cryptographic stalling, like counting to a million before doing
anything. I sure don't want to rely on that.
And a company such as Microsoft wouldn't even notice the effort. Think
about it: a database of musicians (the group I'm doing this for is the Phi
Mu Alpha Sinfonia, the men's professional fraternity in music) known to be
technically inclined--after all, their database is cryptographically
protected. Who better to target for their musical instrument CD?
If any TLA wants the unencrypted database, they can have it from me for the
price of a warrant--and that's just to be sure that they're not imposters.
Our membership rolls are alerady public.
Nice idea. If there is demand for a program such as this after I've written
the basic version for Sinfonia, I'll code that, as well.
Well, by that definition, DES is a group....
Any chance you (or anybody else) can point me in the direction of sources
that would state this definitively? I'd much rather do multiple hashes than
use some sort of kludge with multiple DES encryptions, but I won't unless I
can find something in the literature. "A job worth doing...."
Thanks for your help.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-19 11:31:00
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Come On 
Neither do I.
Connie's right, guys. How can saying that you like women whose best skills
are oral sex and who are so klutzy that they kill people accidently do
anything to promote civil rights through cryptography? At the least, please
be a little more clear with your sarcasm; otherwise, you're just
re-inforcing the "harmless guy-stuff" that leads directly to rape and
Drunk driving used to be given a wink and a nod, and now drunk drivers rate
somewhere near lawyers. Let's do the same for women, and promote
cryptography at the same time by getting back on topic.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-12 11:09:53
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Protocol Wanted!! 
I'm surprised nobody's mentioned yet that Bruce Schneier solves this
problem in chapters five and six of _Applied Cryptography._ See especially
page 90, "Noninteractive Zer-Knowledge Proofs."
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-13 12:15:55
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: (None) 
Might it be appropriate, though, to create an alt group for that purpose?
Sort of the digital equivalent of putting "coded" messages in the personals
section of your favorite newspaper's classified section. You know--"John,
you have five days to pay up" means to meet at the Ritz for dinner next
Thursday, and "I love you, Sally" means to run for the border.
But far, far more effective digitally.
Could be especailly useful for people "in the field," considering how many
universities and other places permit Usenet posting without an account, so
long as your IP is considered local--easier to get access.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-13 15:07:38
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Anon posts (was irritating posts...) 
Just out of curiousity, how large *is* Cypherpunks?
I've been subscribed just about a week now, but I've been quite pleasantly
shocked by the S/N ratio, after getting completely turned off by the
Sternlight wars on Usenet. Ironic that a group calling themselves "punks"
should be civilized, intelligent, scholarly, altruistic, and basic good
'net citizens, while sci.crypt is often little more than a bunch of people
playing "did so!" games. And the PGP group!
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-14 10:41:33
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: NSA technology transfer 
That's a lot better than I got when I just tried to call: no answer, not
even a machine. "No Such Agency"?
PS--Sorry for posting that last note, about the S/N ratio; it was meant to
go just to Tim May, and I *do* know better...*sigh*
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-15 17:31:19
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Encrypted databases 
In _Applied Cryptography,_ Bruce Schneier describes a method of encrypting
a database in such a way that it's easy to get individual entries but
"impossible" to get the whole database. Basically, the first field is a
hash of the individual's last name, the second is encrypted (symmentrical
algorithm) w/ that name and contains the rest of the info.
Are there any readily available implementations of this or anything
equivalent? I've a use for such, but I'm not likely to have the time to
start writing anything like that for a month or two.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-15 17:31:25
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: DES w/ variable S-boxes 
Are there any implementations of DES-variants that use variable S-boxes?
I've not seen any, and it seems to me that such an algorithm could be quite
strong, considering the continuing strength of DES (i.e., only the rich or
large gov'ts are likely to be able to break it today, and only by brute
If not, is there likely to be enough demand that I should start coding?
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-15 17:37:31
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' mail database does exist (fwd) 
Actually, this has nothing to do with the mail database or RAH.
Just wanted to let you know that your .sig made me smile.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-16 09:09:30
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: DES w/ variable S-boxes 
Perhaps I should clarify: not DES with randomly-chosen fixed S-boxes; I'm
well aware that those that DES uses are the best for differential
However, as Bruce Schneier points out (p. 242), *variable* S-boxes make
differential cryptanalysis impossilbe, as such an adaptive plaintext attack
relies on knowledge of the composition of the S-boxes. If the boxes and
their contents change with both keys used and plaintext--probably with the
help of a strong RNG--then the only way such an attack could work would be
by first figuring out what causes the changes in the S-boxes; in that case,
the attack is probably already finished, by other means. Perhaps, even, the
S-boxes could change with so many chunks of text--again, variable, of
Most, if not all, of the actual S-box designs used would be much weaker
than the original design of DES for differential cryptanalysis. However,
each different plaintext (and key) would use different s-boxes, so that
particular attack isn't possible.
So, I guess part of my question should be, does this open up other attacks?
Or, for that matter, am I completely wrong? And, like I said before, has
this been done?
Certainly, until there's something better. I'm just hoping this might be,
or that I can learn more along the way.
And thanks to Bill and Lyman, who also responded similarly.
PS Hopefully, I'll learn to check the Cc: line more carefully in the
future. Apologies again for the noise. b&
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-16 12:21:09
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Unofficial Excerpt from InfoSecurity News 
How can he breathe when his head is so far in the sand?
I've not seen one shred of evidence that Skipjack is strong--Ms. Denning's
statements are not evidence--and there're plenty of indications that triple
DES and IDEA are both unbreakable for the near future, at least.
That's an awfully arrogant position for code that's already leaking before
widespread dissemination (LEAF attack), let alone real analysis.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-16 14:46:08
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: DES w/ variable S-boxes 
Thanks for the info. For those who wish to look, the actual path is now:
Note that you'll have to read the file /mpj/README.MPJ to find the real
name of the "crypto_???????" part.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-06-17 18:58:40
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Let us attack Clipper 
No, not with words, as we're all so fond of doing. Instead, I suggest that
the NSA or others provide free access to an EES system on the 'net, for any
and all to attempt attacks.
They could hook up a workstation or two with a couple Tessera cards, and
provide anonymous login access. All functions should be permitted as they
will be in a final implementation.
This is an inexpensive way that EES advocates can permit access to the
system for analysis. It would be only for research purposes--there'd be no
way to encrypt a phone conversation, and anybody would have to be stupid to
encrypt sensitive data with an NSA-owned machine, even assuming you could
get the data to the computer securely in the first place.
To the NSA agent who is surely subscribed: if Clipper is so great, prove
it. If you won't disclose the Skipjack algorithm (but why not if it's
secure?), at least provide access to test its implementation.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1995-01-12 17:17:50
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Here's a solution:
Alice sends a file to Dave's DataHaven. When Alice wants her file back, she
sends to Dave a secure hash of the file, a key with which to decrypt it,
and a handful of plaintext at the beginning of the file. Dave decrypts the
file that matches the hash with the key Alice gave him; if the file begins
as Alice says it should, Dave returns the file to Alice.
This way, only those people who have an intimate knowledge of the files can
recover them.
The hash isn't vital; Dave could try to decrypt each file on the server
with the key Alice gives him until he matches the plaintext--but that's
neither elegant nor friendly to the CPU.
People can send Dave whatever kind of file they like, but they'll only get
it back if it's been encrypted properly. If Dave charges to store a file,
he'll gladly welcome as much spammage as people want to send him. If he
likewise charges to return a file, he'll just as glady send a file to
whoever gives him the cash and can identify it.
Dave can have a policy whereby he deletes a file after returning it, unless
Alice pays more to keep it there. Thus, Bad Bobby can send his naughty
pictures to Dave, tell the 'net how to get them--but the first person who
neglects to include the fee to leave the pictures there winds up blocking
out everybody else. Similarly, Samaritan Sam could get into a spending war
with Bobby. Each time Bobby sends Dave his smut, Sam retrieves the file
without paying for its continued storage--and takes a sneak peak at the
pictures before deleting them himself.
Dave has no way of knowing what people are storing on his machine until the
owner asks for the file back, and so cannot be held liable for the storage
of "undesirable" files. Mallet could seize the entire archive and have
nothing useful. Eve could recover information leaving the haven, but
presumably Alice will further encrypt her files however she chooses. Or, as
a service, Dave could agree to encrypt the file with an assymetric cipher
before returning it.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1995-01-12 17:33:12
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: RELEASE: Secure Edit beta 0.5 
This is only going to work if MD5 is not a "group"--that is, if there is no
simple algorithm which is equivialent to md5(md5(x)). I doubt that's been
Rather, you'd be better off using DES in any of the ways that Schneir
describes (page 338 and following) and reiterate that many times.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1995-01-13 11:27:56
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
That of the data haven operator being able to deny knowledge of the
contents of files people send him. He'll only return files that, when
operated on by a strong cryptographic algorithm, make sense. He therefore
can't look inside the files until the owner asks for them back. If he
operates a timely (and automated) service, he can't know the contents until
after he's already sent the file back. If the server automatically deletes
the file upon return, he can't even tell what's in it then.
Further, an "authority" won't gain anything by seizing the data.
As best I can tell, none of the previous suggestions guarantees that the
file is unreadable. How would you accomplish that in a simpler manner? Or
would you, as the operator of a data haven, not mind the risk of somebody
designing an illegal file that passes all your filters and tipping off the
police that you've got such a file on your computer, available to all--for
sale, even?
If there were a weakness in your filter, somebody could easily exploit that
weakness and get the use of your haven. With my system, they could send you
anything they liked, but it'd be little more than a cash donation, as
they'd never get it back. Your liability would be the same as if the person
had just emailed you the file and blew the whistle.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1995-01-13 18:17:34
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Damn. I hate it when I overlook the obvious.
Still, I'd like to think there's an answer. Perhaps I'll keep thinking on it.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1995-01-14 09:51:54
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Paul, I think we're after two different objectives here. You want Alice to
be sure that Dave can't read her file; I want Dave to be sure that he can't
read Alice's files.
Alice should worry only about her privacy: if she doesn't want Dave to know
what she's sending, she should encrypt her file in a way that Dave cannot
Dave certainly doesn't want to know what Alice is sending him, because he
might have to answer to a Grand Jury if he did. My protocal makes it very
difficult for Dave to gain any useful knowledge about Alice's files. Dave
does this not as a courtesy to Alice, but for those three wonderful
letters, CYA.
Of course, any data haven worth paying for will offer lots of neat
features, like PGP support, anonymous file drops, and all other sorts of
goodies. But that does little good if Alice can trick Dave into selling
child pornography.
Douglass Floyd asked, "How do I know if [be certain that] it's encrypted?"
Unfortunately, I'm pretty sure the answer is, "You decrypt it." My protocol
at least delays the decryption until it's [hopefully] too late to matter.
[Here's part of the thread; nothing new follows.]
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1995-01-14 16:24:34
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Self-service computers 
A friend of mine forwarded this to me; I couldn't resist forwarding it to
the list.
Newgroups: alt.humor.best-of-usenet
Newsgroups: pdx.general,or.politics
It has been pointed out by the stalwart defenders of our rights (to be told
what to do) that self-service for gasoline is a Bad Thing.  We are assured
by many of the same people that self-service for pharmaceuticals, personal
defense, transportation, and education are also Bad Things.  Other folks,
nominally their political competitors (in the same sense that Burgerville
and Burger King are competitors) assure us that self-service in personal
morality is an *extremely* Bad Thing.  And look at what happened to
Joycelin Elders when she suggested self-service for sex...
Look at self-service grocery stores - all the time people are buying things
that are bad for them.  Self-service entertainment has resulted in Beavis
and Butthead.  And look at the way many computer professionals dress - if
this is not an indictment of self-service apparel, what is?
However, in the finest tradition of bureaucratic micromanagement, we as
computer professionals are not qualified to even consider these effects
on other aspects of Society.  Such thoughts must be reserved for Wiser
Heads Than Ours (unless of course the subject is economics or nuclear
power, in which case Our Opinions Count).
No, we as computer professionals must confine our thoughts to
self-service as it affects us - through our flagrant, dangerous,
and socially irresponsible use of Self-Service Computers!
Self-Service Computers:  Threat or Menace?
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.  Backaches.  Obesity.  Bleeding Piles.  Bill
Gates and Steve Jobs.  Computers are a known health threat.  Reputed
Scientific Journals, such as the National Enquirer, are full of stories
of people being turned into three-headed cabbages by Nucular Radiation
from video displays.
It is obvious that the average computer professional, while quite able
to find obscure flaws in Pentiums or the secret levels in Doom, is a
helpless incompetent when it comes to actually typing on or reading from
personal computers.  We get so caught up in our alleged thinking that
we don't notice our bodies turning into rickety tubs of cancerous
lard.  We Need Help!
Meanwhile, the Great Unwashed Masses are being deprived access to
the Information Super Duper Highway.  Confined to low paying jobs
as sanitation workers or Congressional Representatives, these poor
wretches are unable to share in this cornucopia of undocumented,
virus-ridden software, poorly informed opinion, and stolen pornography
that we call the Internet.  These outcasts of the information age
must fritter away their time which such mind-numbing activities as
outdoor sports, rampant sex, and junkets to the Caribbean.
When these people accidentally find their way onto the Internet, perhaps
by mistakenly sending their rent check to America On Line, they begin
posting meaningless, inappropriate drivel such as spam advertisements
for shady lawyers, or actual referenced facts from original sources,
violating the hallowed traditions of the Internet.  While all citizens
must have access to the Net, LET'S NOT GET CARRIED AWAY HERE.
What Should We Do?  (That is, how can we find new excuses to control
other people with minority opinions?)
The only solution is to ELIMINATE self-service computers!  Every computer
in the State of Oregon *must* be operated by THREE OR MORE people - one
to do the thinking, one to do the typing, and one to read the screen -
preferably through a foot of leaded glass!  Think of all the jobs this
would create!  Not only would we have jobs for all the new operators
themselves, we could create vast new bureaucracies to insure that the
operators are specially trained, certified, and licensed!  Computer
Cops could roam the streets, equipped with special Jolt-sniffing dogs,
breaking down the doors of self-service scofflaws!  Pizza delivery
drivers would find new income and respect by turning in their hacker
clients!  Elizabeth Furse, famous for not reading her own email and for
having flunkies type in press releases, will become our shining symbol
of the new, socially responsible computer age!
You can help.  Send your checks to C.A.S.H., the Committee to Abolish
Selfservice Hardware, care of me (thnx Frank).  I will see that your
donation gets the attention it deserves.
And on behalf of all of us here at C.A.S.H. (Arnold who handles the left
side of the keyboard, Julia the right side, Millie the punctuation,
Sam who reads the verbs, Trevor who reads the nouns, and our shop
steward Penny, who is lobbying for a government grant to bring in a
mentally-challenged lesbian vegetarian special needs hispanic-surnamed
person of color to watch the blinky lights on the modem) may you have
an appropriate and socially enlightening seasonal celebration!
Moderators accept or reject articles based solely on the criteria posted
in the Frequently Asked Questions. Article content is the responsibility
of the submittor.  Submit articles to ahbou-sub at acpub.duke.edu. To write
to the moderators, send mail to ahbou-mod at acpub.duke.edu.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.

@_date: 1995-01-15 14:01:27
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
Simple. The file is deleted upon retrevial.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.

@_date: 1995-01-16 13:33:31
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
I think we're pretty well agreed that Dave's DataHaven can't ensure that
files are encrypted without looking inside them at some point. It's a
dilemma: Dave wants to be sure he can't read something, but the only way
he can be sure is by reading it.
But suppose that Dave's good friend Ender Trent decides to set up a new
service, Ender Trent's Trusted Encryption. It's a simple job: people send
files to Ender and he returns them encrypted and signed. Now, all Dave
needs do is check Ender's signature before accepting a file. At no point
does Dave ever decrypt or attempt to decrypt such a file.
Ender offers encryption in many different forms. In the simplest, Alice
sends the file to Ender, Ender generates a random key, encrypts the file,
and sends both back to Alice. Almost as simple, Ender uses the hash of
the original file as the key. Presumably, Alice already knows the hash
and so Ender doesn't send that back.
Alice could supply a public PGP (or other asymmetrical algorithm) key
with the file and Ender uses that. If Alice is a frequent customer and
likes this method, she might register the key with Ender.
Lastly, Alice might want to supply a symmetric key of her own. Because
Ender wants to protect people like Dave, he can either print a warning
that the key used for encryption might not be secure, or run a
password-cracking algorithm on it, or both. Because of the extra effort
and reduced security, Ender might not want to offer this, or charge an
arm and a leg for it. And Dave might not be willing to accept such
files, anyway.
How is it better to have Ender do all this rather than Dave? Essentially,
it splits the risk. Dave never sees the files, and therefore can't be
responsible for their contents. Nor could he make sense out of them, even
if he tried really, really hard. He could operate his data haven in all
but the most repressive parts of the world.
Ender's risk is slim to none. Were he to be held accountable for files he
encrypts, public notaries would likewise have to be held accountable for
everything they notarize. I don't see that as a problem.
Dave might wish to offer an encryption service, as Ender might want to
offer a data haven, but, if they're smart, they won't accept files that
they themselves encrypted.
Ender's encryption need not only be for data havens, of course. Nervous
remailer operators might want proof of encryption. Escrow services will
likely like Ender. And probably more.
If there is a demand for a trusted encryption service, I'll create one
after the second trumpet audition for the Oregon Symphony on the first of
the month.  That's the main reason I'm signing this--to hold myself to it.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.

@_date: 1995-01-17 16:05:30
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
That's the main reason why I like my idea of having a trusted encryptor.
Nobody's suggested that the current timestamp operators would be in Deep
Doo-Doo if they timestampped some piece of thoughtcrime; why should
somebody who encrypts be any different?
The service could even be advertised as a different form of timestamping
(or notarizing). Not only do you get the file back signed, but you get it
back encrypted and signed.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.

@_date: 1995-01-17 18:21:28
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
Just as a notary public does not certify that a given document is truth,
but rather that it is what it is and the signature belongs to the person
who it appears to belong to, a public timestamp/notary/encryption service
on the 'net would certify the existence of that document in that form at
that time. No more, no less.
If I recall correctly, a notary can certify a sealed envelope without
knowing its contents, by putting a tamper-proof seal on it. Sound familiar?
I'll try to find a notary to see if that's the case. If so, we're got as
good a precedent as we'll ever find for just about anything.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.

@_date: 1995-01-18 16:37:19
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
We might have a test case right now for part of that idea--the
Scientologists. They're essentially claiming that the various newsgroups
should be shut down because somebody put thoughtcrime on them. I would
posit that the operator of any automated data transmission/massaging
service is not responsible for the data that passes through her equipment.
Consider, for example, if I used a bang path to route an illicit email note
through, say, apple.com. Does that make Apple Computer responsible for what
I send?
Tying in with some of Eric's comments, this could be viewed as a
fundamental flaw in the 'net: it's the sender, generally, who initiates and
controls the connection, not the recipient. We could view this as an
advantage: how can you blame me for what somebody else does to my computer
without my knowledge, especially if I have no way to stop it short of
getting off the 'net completely?
Less to nonexistent. If no human sees it on the encrypting site, no human
can be responsible for it. "They" would have to ban the service outright,
or try to prove that you knew that your site would be used for illicit
purposes. If putting a warning to not export crypto software on an ftp site
is sufficient protection--and, judging from the number of sites which do no
more than that, it is--then a simple statement that the service is not to
be used for any illegal purpose should do fine here.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.

@_date: 1995-01-20 12:06:24
@_author: Ben.Goren at asu.edu 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
You know, these fees everybody keeps quoting sound remarkably like the cost
of a modem, the installation of a new phone line, plus a reasonable amount
of profit. So why don't a bunch of you, say in the Bay Area, get together
to get a small subnet, each buy your own pair of modems, pay for the added
phone line, and install the whole shootin' match in Tim's house?
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0x875B059.
