
@_date: 1994-08-14 21:11:38
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Tommy Tag Lines 
Remember that note that Bruce Schneier sent some time ago about the software the NSA was willing to make available for a price?
The NSA is more than capable enough to ignore NSA fodder, I would think. If you want to write something that'll get looked at by a human, you'll
have to write the kind of thing that's likely to make you the target of an
investigation: "Tim, the supplier screwed up--the .5 Kg Pu shipment ain't
gonna happen. Though I guess you know that from reading the papers. I
think I can find some from Sergei's friend, but he's getting worried that
Mossad might be onto him. Found a sweed deal on 50 mg of *very* high grade U235. Too bad we can't use it with our detonator." Don't expect people to do that in numbers.
Besides, what terrorist savvy enough to use the 'net is going to be ignorant of PGP? Or not be paranoid enough to find out about it?
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): The battle is over; Clipper is
 dead. But the war against Government Access to Keys (GAK) goes on.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.6 public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1994-08-16 19:06:01
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: # of Real Tim Mays, RTM (r) 
Um, just out of curiousity, what is supposed to be proved by telling us how many people named "Tim May" live in various cities?
Some names are relatively unique. I've never met or known of another Ben Goren, though I did once meet a Benjamin Gorin.
The East [Phoenix] Valley White Pages (Tempe, Mesa, Chandler, and a half-dozen others) is just about an inch thick, and includes over fifty John Smiths and thirty-five J. Smiths. Altogether, there's about five pages of Smiths; and the only other Gorens in the book are my parents.
It's probably not all that surprising that we have a plethora of Diogeneseseses, considering the role "he" played in _Ender's Game._ Pr0duct C1pher (sp?), on the other hand, probably won't ever have a 'nym All this is just an elaborate way of saying, "Tim's right." Duplicate 'nyms should be dealt with the same way duplicate names are now. Mostly, we shouldn't worry about it all that much.
PS There are no Tim or T. Mays in my phone book. So what? b&
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): The battle is over; Clipper is
 dead. But the war against Government Access to Keys (GAK) goes on.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.6 public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1994-08-23 22:12:53
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Electronic Postcards 
Dear Editor,
Most everybody I know puts almost all mail in an envelope before dropping it in the mailbox. The only time we do otherwise is when sending a postcard that says, "I'm here, wish you were fine."
So why does everybody send all email in a way that's just as easy to read
as a postcard? Why, then, all the fuss over ASU officials reading
electronic postcards? If you don't trust the various system operators through whose computer
your message might pass, put your email in an envelope--by encrypting it.
If you use the most popular email encryption software on the Internet,
PGP--Pretty Good Privacy, written by Philip Zimmerman and now maintained
and distributed by MIT--then even the National Security Agency, the
super-secret government agency entrusted with electronic surveillance,
would resort to a beating with a rubber hose before expending the computer
power necessary to decrypt your messages. And that's making the rather
doubtful assumption that such power even exists.
In other words, only my friend John could tell you that

@_date: 1994-07-02 11:12:52
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
You can improve entropy even more, and still keep it memorable, by doing something such as the following:
Rare 513AK tastes g))d when it is c))K over a wood fjord. Using poor or improper English--or some other language--will also help. So now, we might have:
Viva dA5 bu0n) Rare 513AK tastes w3 it when 15 c))k
You, of course, will have to be the judge of how much mutilation you can And note that, while such changes will help with passphrases, any sophisticated dictionary/algorithm-based password (>8 charcters) cracker will be able to guess most of them. "f43d" is no more secure than "fred." Better to hit random keys on the keyboard or use a true random number generator--flip a coin 56 times to get a 7-bit ASCII string, more if you get control characters--to get your eight characters, and just force yourself to remember it. Even something like "g&*3VkjH" is memorable--I did use that one for a couple weeks some months ago.
Speaking of which, are there any /bin/passwd plugins that use passphrases rather than passwords? Or should I be a good cypherpunk and write some code?
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-11 21:09:48
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Security for under a buck fifty 
The dilemma with the pass phrase issue seems to boil down to the
balance between entropy and memorability.
The "shocking nonsense" guidelines sound like about the best
suggestions I've heard for humans to generate pass phrases, but I
would suggest that even shocking nonsense can be broken by
somebody--or something--that thinks like Charles Dodgson. If it came
from a process that includes any logic at all, that logic will be
discovered if economical to an attacker.
But who can remember a 132-bit true random number? Take, for example:
I got that number by grabbing handfuls of pennies out of a pile of
132--a true random number generator that cots less than
breakfast--though, I will admit that it's somewhat cumbersome.
But a number can be represented in many different ways. Create a
six-bit character set, filling from 000000 to 111111 with a-z, A-Z,
0-9, . [period], and - [hyphen]. Now, the key becomes:
Not impressed yet? Try using the human brain's wonderful talent for
seeing patterns in randomness. If your mind just happened to work
exactly like mine, you would get:
Mx1 misSiles moVe Yp; Mr. bop of 3m I-s Yt haX. [Yt as in the
I would suggest that it would only take the average person a minute
or two to memorize such a phrase, especially if she were the one to
do the pattern-matching in the first place.
So, the end result is a ten-word pass phrase that isn't hard to
learn, is only vulnerable to a brute-force attack, and would take
about a sextillion years to brute-force at a trillion encrypts per
second--and the universe is "only" a hundred billion years old.
Can anybody suggest how to implement this? Can a computer program
suggest mnemonics that would mean anything to a person? Even if the
computer gives the user a screenful of such? Or, how about giving a
screenful of "words," and letting the user mix-n-match?
Obviously, you would need a real random number generator and a
secure terminal for all this.
Maybe it's time for me to write some code....
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-16 13:52:27
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Hashed hash 
I'm planning on implementing the "cryptographic protection of databases" on page 61 of Schneier, to create a directory of a professional organization that would be useless to telemarketers.
There's a problem, though: a brute-force attack is agonizingly easy. If the hash algorithm runs at the same speed as DES, then an MC68040 could break all eight-letter last names in about three months. Only those who have twelve-letter last names would have even the security of DES against brute-force, and all this goes out the window if the attacker has any brains at all and uses the "telephone-book" attack Bruce mentions.
So, my question: for any of the popular hash algorithms H(m), is it known if there is or is not an algorithm I(m) such that I(m)=H(H(m))? Are the hash algorithms groups or not?
If not, then I can hash the name field as many times as I like for as much
of a strength v speed compromise as I want. If they are groups, then I
either have to figure out some other method of slowing things down--and I
haven't yet thought of anything that isn't either trivial or security
through obscurity--or decide if I can live with the fact that it's still
about as hard to get the information by a cryptographic attack as by
scanning in the printed book. Of course, should the electronic version be much more secure, then perhaps I can talk the organization into stopping printed publication, and it would be useful to organizations which haven't yet published their membership lists over fears of abuse.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): Protect your privacy; oppose Clipper.
 Voice concern over proposed Internet pricing schemes. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-22 09:46:56
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
And just who is going to pay for this system? And why should they? And why should anybody else use it when there're so many other alternatives?
Heck, for that matter, how are you going to get all users of Norton Encrypt to escrow their DES keys? After all, they might have the disarm codes for their homebuilt nuke encrypted with that.
Just say NO to key escrow.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 But be sure to oppose escrowed keys. Stamp out spamming.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.

@_date: 1994-07-23 10:31:13
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Travelling ants 
A recent RISKS digest had an article that described a computer that simulated a colony of ants with independent software units that interacted in certain ways. The article said that the "ants" were able to find an efficient solution to the traveling salesman problem.
Wouldn't such a system be perfect for a public key cryptosystem? It seems that mechanisms already designed for knapsack algorithms would work; it would remain to be worked out if the traveling salesman problem has the same cryptographic problems as the knapsack problem.
Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 net.proselytizing (write for info): We won! Clipper is dead!
 BUT! Just say no to key escrow. And stamp out spamming, too.
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP 2.3a public key.
du says to finger remailer-list at chaos.bsu.edu and
Chael Hall changed operating systems on chaos and hasn't reinstalled the
finger thing yet.  You can get the list by sending mail to
mg5n+remailer-list at andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1995-01-03 14:45:02
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: Stegno for Kids 
Lemon juice makes a good invisible ink for kids. Write the message; heat the paper to reveal it. I used a match, but I suspect a hairdryer would be much more sensible.

@_date: 1995-01-13 21:06:55
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
OK. If this isn't the solution, it at least makes it past Eric's last Alice hashes her file and uses that hash as the key to encrypt the file.
She sends the file to Dave, and sends the original hash when she wants it
back. Dave decrypts, and confirms the hash. Unfortunately, this still doesn't quite close the loop--Dave knows the
contents of the file once Alice sends the key. It does, however, make it
very difficult for Dave to know anything about Alice's file. In a
real-world implementation, Dave is going to want to get the file back to
Alice as quickly as possible, since that's part of what she's paying for. Scanning the file as it leaves will slow down delivery--especially if it's
"suspicious" and must get routed to a human--so it's uneconomical for Dave
to do anything until later. Once he's returned the file, the deed has been
done, and it does little good to know that Alice was hoarding plans to
build a nuke, as she's got them back again--the cat's out of the bag. Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.

@_date: 1995-01-21 17:36:06
@_author: Ben Goren 
@_subject: AA + Anonymous ECash = Unhappy Fundies 
Actually, this strikes me as a worst case scenario as far as promoting
cryptography goes. Don't get me wrong--I have no interest in telling
people they can't look at whatever pictures they want, or prevent others
from selling those pictures to them. But...to make such a close
association between what Joe Public considers degenerate trash and
cryptography.... The "cause" will do much better if the first major association is made
with something much less controversial. Girl Scout cookies, say. Ben.Goren at asu.edu, Arizona State University School of Music
 Finger ben at tux.music.asu.edu for PGP public key ID 0xCFF23BD5.
