
@_date: 2001-04-10 13:55:10
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: the consequences of innumeracy on IP enforcement 
Jury Intended Higher Award Against MP3.Com
                                                   NEW YORK--A federal
judge is considering what
                                              to do about an almost
$300,000 copyright
                                              infringement verdict
awarded against online music
                                              company MP3.com (MPPP.O)
after jurors told him
                                              their math was wrong and
they had intended a figure of
                                              several million dollars.
                                                    On Friday a
Manhattan federal jury ordered
                                              MP3.com to pay the damages
to independent record
                                              label Tee Vee Toons, which
represents artists such as
                                              Snoop Dogg and Nine-Inch
Nails. MP3.com hailed the
                                              verdict as a victory
because Tee Vee was seeking $8.5
                                              million for the illegal
copying about 145 of its
                                              copyrighted works.
                                                    Later, however, at
least two of the eight jurors
                                              contacted U.S. District
Judge Jed Rakoff, who
                                              presided over the trial,
and said the amount should
                                              have been in the range of
$2 million to $3 million.
                                                    Rakoff told lawyers
at a hearing on Monday that
                                              the jurors apparently
omitted a zero when assessing the
                                              damage amount for the
majority of works involved.
                                              Instead of $3,125 for each
of about 75 works, the
                                              damage award should have
been $31,250 per work.
                                                    The judge questioned
seven of the jurors in closed
                                              proceedings on Monday and
concluded with the eighth
                                              on Tuesday. He also asked
lawyers for MP3.com and
                                              Tee Vee to submit
arguments about the matter. A clerk
                                              for the judge said he is
not expected to rule for about
                                              three weeks.
                                                    Privately owned TVT
Records, which owns Tee
                                              Veen Toons, had sued
MP3.com claiming its Instant
                                              Listening service violated
TVT copyrights by making
                                              TVT songs available to Web
surfers for listening
                                              online.

@_date: 2001-04-10 13:58:19
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: Germans bring fascism back 
[Achtung: Despite the jab, I realize you can substitute "Amerikan" for
and "kiddie-prawn" for "nazitunz"  -Ed.]
Tuesday April 10 1:41 PM ET
          Germany Cracks Down on
          Internet Nazi Music Trade
          By Adam Tanner
          BERLIN (Reuters) - German police swooped down
          on the homes of more than 100 computer buffs in a
          new crackdown on the illegal trade of Nazi songs
          over the Internet, officials said on Tuesday.
          The federal crime agency said the prosecutor's office
          in Bonn had opened 120 cases against computer
          enthusiasts accused of trading illegal songs of
          far-right ``skinhead bands.''
          Displaying Nazi symbols and trading Nazi music are
          banned in Germany, but the Internet has made it ever
          more difficult for authorities to stem the flow of
          such material.
          A quick search of the Internet shows many sites
          offering compact MP3 files of songs such as the
          ``Horst Wessel Song'' -- the anthem of the Nazi
          party -- and many modern-day variants such as the
          ``Swastika Flies Again.''
          Even though swapping music files over the Internet
          is most common in the United States, the MP3
          compression technique that enabled the easy transfer
          of files was created in Germany.
          German officials said it is not illegal to listen to
          Nazi songs, but it is forbidden to offer others the
          chance to download them via internet sites which
          offer music for sale and swapping.
          Seized Computers And Disks
          The federal crime agency said local police across
          Germany had searched apartments belonging to 103
          people in a coordinated operation last week. They
          seized computers and disks and the suspects face
          prison sentences of up to three years.
          ``The crime agency measures are seen as successful
          and show that even the Internet music exchange
          market is not a lawless realm,'' the agency said in a
          statement.
          Even if Germany scores occasional battles against
          electronic hate, officials say they are facing an
          ever-growing menace.
          ``None of us wants the Internet to turn into a
          stomping group of anti-social and anti-community
          rabble-rousers and preachers of hate,'' Justice
          Minister Herta Daeubler-Gmelin told a conference
          on governing the Internet last week. ``But in the past
          year such Web sites have become numerous despite
          all efforts.''
          The Interior Ministry denied in a statement on
          Tuesday a report that it was considering using
          hacking methods to disable sites whose content is
          illegal in Germany.
          ``Internet sites with far-right, neo-Nazi, anti-Semitic
          and violence-glorifying contents are a growing
          threat,'' the ministry said. ``These offerings are
          nearly always put on the net from abroad, so
          Germany has no legal grounds (for action).''
          The ministry said it was working closely with
          national authorities and international bodies to
          counter the problem.
          A French court last year ordered the popular web
          site Yahoo to block access to sites offering Nazi
          memorabilia for sale. In France it is illegal to
          exhibit or sell objects with racist overtones.

@_date: 2001-04-10 21:06:32
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: genetic databases: not just for iceland anymore, good for warrants 
Some months ago someone posted about genetic databases being
harvested from Iceland, and suggested other places were being
surveyed too.  Here's a ref for disbelievers.  And an unrelated ref on
the *state's* DB to bust people based on that DB alone.
_Science_ v 291, 16 mar 2001, p 2075: Talana, Sardinia
"Sardinia's Mysterious Male Methuselah's"
Gist: The 1200 residents of this town have allowed 400 years of genetic
tree-tracing and given genetic samples to a researcher.
(Aside: There are more men > 100 in Sardinia than anywhere else, but
the Sardinians are interested in curing the diseases Sardinians do get,
than playing longetivity games.)
ALSO of interest, from the same issue, p 1893: entitled "Court affirms
is all you need".  Gist: in Calif, you can get a warrant out for the
arrest of John Doe,
possessor of a given sample of DNA.  There is no statute of limitations
as of 1 Jan
[2001] in that state.  One 'Paul Robinson' was the first to be arrested
solely on the basis of
a database match.
Pass that bowl of hair this way,
"I don't think much of his operating system", he told Plotz, "but I
would like his sperm."
---Paul Smith, proprietor of a high-IQ sperm bank in Nevada, on Bill
_Science_ v 291 9 Mar 01 p 1893
