
@_date: 2011-12-29 22:59:47
@_author: Chris 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Global Occupy Map: Requesting Advice 
Hello Friends,
My name is Chris, and I am a member of Occupy D.C. I am reaching out to
this list at the suggestion of  with a few questions
relating to mapping the Occupy movement.
An Occupy-affiliated group, We All Occupy (
website), has been
painstakingly gathering data/links/advice/ and other resources
on their site. I was able to geocode a listing of over 1300 Occupy
locations globally, including their website URL, Facebook URL, and Twitter
URL.  Admittedly, the database still  has many errors and is far from
I was then able to take this data and map each location with the
appropriate URLs in a tooltip window using TileMill from MapBox: ( Global
Occupy Map)
as well as a map with Socrata: ( OpenData
Map  ).
I have three mapping-related inquiries:
*1. Do you know of anyone/any organization who might be interested in
hosting the open-source
MapBox software
on their servers for the Global Occupy Map?  *
Development Seed (MapBox/TileMill) has been generous in offering to host
the map for one month.  I imagine there to be many other liberating uses
for this type of mapping technology, and I hope the Occupy map will inspire
others to consider visualization as an advocacy tool.
*2. How should I approach real-time data? *
MapBox and Socrata are not, to my knowledge, very good at handling dynamic
data, which is what the majority of what I imagine Occupy Data to be. (See
Occupy Research here  for examples
of previous visualizations, and I put together this stack of other Occupy
maps for comparison: (  ).
What I notice from the other maps is that the Ushahidi/CrowdMap maps are
good for real-time but don't seem able to handle existing large datasets,
and the tooltips/pop-up windows give limited information. The map itself is
not very impressive. Data Visualization/maps should be beautiful, fun,
perhaps even inspiring.
I see some potential in using the Google Visualization API to generate
dynamic maps, especially since data would be hosted in Google Docs already.
However, I only recently (i.e., 2 months ago) started to script/develop.
*3. Does anyone have experience in creating Google GeoMap Visualizations
with a Google Docs spreadsheet as the source? *
I apologize for the length of this email. I like to think it is because of
all the links I included. Information is power!
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
