
@_date: 1996-03-25 17:28:02
@_author: Bholiday 
@_subject: Crypto CD UpDate 
Well given the somewhat enthusiastic response to my last post, I think I'll be safe enough in going ahead with plans for the CryptoCD. Thanks to everyone who responded, and I apologize that I can't address each of you Some points...
Copyrights: Obviously care will need to be taken to avoid publishing copyrighted materials, or publishing materials in violation of their distribution agreements. More later.
Size/Contents/Etc: The media and cost of writing the disks is the same for 50megs as for 500. If I/We can put together 500 megs of content, I will gladly put 500 megs on a CD, however this will honestly require some assistance by the crypto  OK, I had a number of authors suggest inclusion of their package on any forthcoming CD. I intend to have several machines hitting the net for aprox. 8-10hours a day over the next few weeks to gather up files for inclusion; however to speed things along it would be really great if authors could MIME or UUE their package and mail it to me, along with a return email address, and preferably a snail-mail address also. If you do send something for inclusion PLEASE include a breif note stating that you give permision to distribute the package as part of the CryptoCD package. If there is a license included in the package already (GNU, etc) you can just state that the package can be distributed according to the included license. I will include ANY package sent to me by an author, provided that space is available, however if the program(s) seem unfamiliar or questionable, I may put them in a Contrib directory with a strong disclaimer.
If you ARE NOT a software author, but you think something should be included, send me email (privately, not to the list). Include a URL for the file, or better yet, include the file in MIME or UUE format. Or be really nice and snail-mail it. The first person to send me any particular file or group of files (not a URL) will be duly thanked in a CREDITS file on the CD. This is your chance to be famous for absolutely no reason at all.
If you don't want to be famous just say so and I'll forget I ever got email from you.
I'll be putting up a web page in the next few days which will have daily status updates (oh boy) including an LS-lr of the CD-so-far. Once the page is up, you'll want to check it if you are thinking of sending something for inclusion.
I NEED URLS! If you know of a great FTP site, Please, send the address to me. I'd like to be able to offer a really comprehensive archive of as much material as possible, at a break-even price. The amount of assistance the people reading this list are willing to provide will be directly impact the quality and quantity of content on the CD, and also how quickly I am able to have the CD available. Any assistance would be truly appreciated.
