
@_date: 2012-08-16 12:39:12
@_author: Leo Bicknell 
@_subject: Any Idea About Spectrum-DMR-104-1 ?! 
I know someone already pointed you to the product, but that just
screams like what you want is the Ubiquity airFiber product.  You
should easily get near the max 1.4Gbps throughput at 1-2km if you
have clear line of site.  It's "plug and play", in that you should
have to do very mimimal tuning to get that performance.  Mostly
making sure the two units are aligned properly.
I've not gotten a quote myself, but the Internet forums suggest the gear is $3k for a single link (so two units).  Just to do high quality
801.11n with dish antennas would probably cost $1k or more.
The 24Ghz band they use should be worldwide license free (check with
your country) and also have less interference than the 5Ghz band.

@_date: 2012-06-20 12:43:44
@_author: Leo Bicknell 
@_subject: LinkedIn password database compromised 
Dump passwords.
The tech community went through this back in oh, 1990-1993 when
folks were sniffing passwords with tcpdump and sysadmins were using
Telnet.  SSH was developed, and the problem was effectively solved.
If you want to give me access to your box, I send you my public
key.  In the clear.  It doesn't matter if the hacker has it or not.
When I want to log in I authenticate with my private key, and I'm
The leaks stop immediately.  There's almost no value in a database of
public keys, heck if you want one go download a PGP keyring now.  I can
use the same "password" (key) for every web site on the planet, web
sites no longer need to enforce dumb rules (one letter, one number, one
character your fingers can't type easily, minimum 273 characters).
SSL certificates could be used this way today.
SSH keys could be used this way today.
PGP keys could be used this way today.
What's missing?  A pretty UI for the users.  Apple, Mozilla, W3C,
Microsoft IE developers and so on need to get their butts in gear
and make a pretty UI to create personal key material, send the
public key as part of a sign up form, import a key, and so on.
There is no way to make passwords "secure".  We've spent 20 years
trying, simply to fail in more spectacular ways each time.  Death to
traditional passwords, they have no place in a modern world.
