
@_date: 1998-12-15 03:45:28
@_author: William J.Hartwell 
@_subject: Anyone Striking? 
Not striking.....
but I am not working very hard today :-)
billh at ibag.com			billh at interdem.com		billh at hartwell.net

@_date: 1998-12-20 05:12:11
@_author: William J.Hartwell 
@_subject: MS and Y2K 
Redmond, WA - Microsoft announced today that the official release date for
the new operating system "Windows 2000" will be delayed until the second
quarter of 1901.
billh at ibag.com			billh at interdem.com		billh at hartwell.net

@_date: 1998-10-16 00:21:54
@_author: William J. Hartwell 
@_subject: Who is next? (re Jim's subpoena) 
This ran through my mind this morning before I was totally awake. Maybe
somebody can help me with the original author of this....
When they came for Kevin Mitnick I said nothing. After all he was a big
time hacker and I wasn't a hacker so I did not speak up.
When they came for Jim Bell I said nothing. He was a criminal and I am not
a criminal so I didn't speak up.
When they came for Toto I said nothing. Surely he was nuts and I am
completely sane so I didn't speak up.
When they came for Jim Choate I said nothing. He runs a cypherpunks mailing
list and I don't manage any lists so I didn't speak up.
When they come for me who will be left to speak up?
This is a poor paraphrase of the original but I wonder if it is something
that we may be saying here in the U.S. soon?
billh at ibag.com			billh at interdem.com		billh at hartwell.net

@_date: 1998-09-09 15:56:45
@_author: William J. Hartwell 
@_subject: radio net 
I have been thinking allot about this over the last couple of months. I have subscribed to a packet radio mailing list
(linux-hams at vger.rutgers.edu (majordomo at vger.rutgers.edu)) just to lurk so
I could get a feel for what it took to set such a network up. Much of my family are hams and have dabbled in packet radio at one time or
another. They say once set up it works well (slow but dependable) and is an ideal
way to carry non-real-time traffic in an emergency.
As far as a secure network, that's why I lurk in this list. :-)
If such a thing should ever be outlawed or restricted most Hams I know are
law abiding citizens and would more than likely conform (No Ham should take offence to
this, its meant with the best intentions and respect). I think a radio network linked to the Amateur networks sending secure
packets, using tunneling or maybe just encrypted traffic (There may be some FCC
rules regarding this.
 I don't want to break any laws so am still looking into this part.) with
nodes connected to the internet (or other network as well ... Remember
FIDOnet) would be a good idea. The Ham networks will probably stand up well in the case of a national
emergency. That's something these folks are real good at.
In the off chance that the telecommunications Infrastructure becomes
unavailable due to political or other reasons, some of which have been
discussed quite often here. This network could break off and stand on its
own carrying important traffic for those whose need to communicate with
loved ones and business associates would be worth whatever risk might
befall them.
If Y2K turns out to be a real problem (as I believe it might) or something
else happens. I plan on still being able to communicate with my loved ones;
business associates, and hopefully still get this list. :-)
I plan on adding another dedicated LINUX box for this in the near future
and will be looking for others with the same types of concerns to link with.  I think it would be considerably less money wise, and still could be done
I would be interested in hearing anyone's thoughts on this and maybe
communicating with other like-minded individuals off list. Since this list
seems to have attracted a lot of attention from the authorities as of late. I wonder what the ratio of cypherpunks to spooks (IRS, FBI, NSA, British
Intelligence, Government informants, and assorted other agent types) on
this list is now :-)
Would all the spooks please raise your hands?   You... in the back listening quietly....  Is that you Inspector Gordon? :-)
Bill H.
billh at ibag.com
billh at ibag.com			billh at interdem.com		billh at hartwell.net

@_date: 1998-09-16 16:35:26
@_author: William J. Hartwell 
@_subject: fascinating quote........ 
This was passed to me by a friend, it may have already made it here and I
missed it. If so forgive the redundant post.
"Yes, the president should resign.  He has lied to the American people,
time and time again, and betrayed their trust.  Since he has admitted guilt,
there is no reason to put the American people through an impeachment.
He will serve absolutely no purpose in finishing out his term, the only
possible solution is for the president to save some dignity and resign."
- From 12th Congressional District Hopeful William Jefferson Clinton
during the Nixon investigations
billh at ibag.com			billh at interdem.com		billh at hartwell.net
