
@_date: 2010-04-22 07:18:18
@_author: William Herrin 
@_subject: Rate of growth on IPv6 not fast enough? 
Having worked for comScore, I can tell you that having a fixed address
in the lower 64 bits would make their jobs oh so much easier. Cookies
and javascript are of very limited utility.
On the other hand, I could swear I've seen a draft where the PC picks
up random unused addresses in the lower 64 for each new outbound
connection for anonymity purposes. Even if there is no such draft, it
wouldn't exactly be hard to implement. It won't take NAT to anonymize
the PCs on a LAN with IPv6.
That's your failure, not Roger's. As delivered, IPv6 is capable of
dynamically assigning addresses from multiple subnets to a PC, but
that's where the support for multiple-PA multihoming stops. PCs don't
do so well at using more than one of those addresses at a time for
outbound connections. As a number of vendors have done with IPv4, an
IPv6 NAT box at the network border can spread outbound connections
between multiply addressed upstream links.
A friend of mine drives a 1976 Cadillac El Dorado. I asked him why
once. He explained that even at 8 miles to the gallon and even after
having to find 1970's parts for it, he can't get anything close to as
luxurious a car from the more modern offerings at anything close to
the comparatively small amount of money he spends.
The thing has plush leather seats that feel like sinking in to a comfy
couch and an engine with more horsepower than my mustang gt. It isn't
hard to see his point.
Bill Herrin

@_date: 2012-11-26 18:45:23
@_author: William Herrin 
@_subject: Adding GPS location to IPv6 header 
No. It assumes that the /128 route propagates far enough that every
router (read: radio tower) operated by the service provider within the
rough geographic locality has that route so that wherever the packet
lands in the general area, it can make its way to the origin router
currently talking to the device. It makes no assumptions about the
particular path or paths between those two routers which could be
terrestrial radio, satellite, wired or even a VPN across who knows
what Internet path. It does set a requirement on the network
architecture that at least one such path must exist: network
partitions appear deadly to this architecture.
I'm not saying this is a good idea. I'm just saying it's a legitimate
topic for research and investigation which, if it shows any promise,
would support the addition of a geolocation option header to IPv6's
layer 3. By contrast, Ammar's other rationale for why to put it there
(common interest at layer 7) aren't legitimate reasons for adding data
to layer 3.
Bill Herrin
