
@_date: 1995-12-06 14:42:44
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: Responding to Exon -- technology is not enough 
Fine for the tiny subset of Net users who understand crypto enough to use
it on a daily basis. I'm not one of people either. This crypto isn't user
friendly stuff. Before you propose such as solution, better make sure
people can use this stuff.
How are you going to pitch this technology to all the people with AOL and
Microsoft Network accounts who barely understand the net? These are the
people who need exposure to all the uncensored expression they can get.
Instead of figuring out how to build a new treehouse that excludes Exon and
Hyde, how about fighting the damned bill in the courts?
bill.humphries at msn.fullfeed.com | WisCon 20: Two Decades of Feminism & SF
  | Ursula K. Le Guin: Guest of Honor

@_date: 1995-12-19 15:14:37
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: Applescripts for monitoring Netscape Activity 
The recent Netscape beta bug mentioned here raised a technical question?
Anyone here have a pointer to an applescript, frontier or macperl script
for monitoring what programs do to your system folder and desktop?
Otherwise, I'd better write one.
It'd be a good way to learn more about the behavior of apps.
Thanks and happy holidays,
Bill Humphries
        Call your Representative and Senators and demand an end to
     attempts to censor the Internet. More info at     *** The answer to porn speech is free speech -- via Molly Ivins ***

@_date: 1995-12-21 21:01:30
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: Newsweek Nerd 50 
Okay, while you other cypherpunks were grousing about how you weren't going
to give Newsweek your hard-earned currency, I bought a copy. My pain, your
gain (on a significantly smaller scale than that messiah figure some of us
celebrate next week.)
Cypherpunk Notables on the List: "Newsweek's Epithet"
Phil Zimmerman: "Crypto Creator"
Marc Rotenberg: "Privacy Advocate"
Sameer Parekh: "Protector of Privacy"
Johan Helsingius: "Crusader"
and Steven Levy, who sometimes posts here has the byline on the "Year of
the Net" feature.
PS to Newsweek -- Prof. Hoffman should be called a "Data Goddess" not a
"Geek" for exposing those bogus factors the marketdroids want to use to
control their survey data back up to the population level.
Happy Holidays
Piss off Ralph Reed, Defend the 1st Amendment.
Bill Humphries

@_date: 1995-12-30 06:17:54
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: Compuserve is Not "Censoring" 
This is a resend of a reply to Tim May's message on the CI$/Bundsweiser
Republic/alt.nekkid.hitler.youth controversy. The Cypherpunks mailer didn't
enjoy my attempts at humor in the headers...
It's a political problem.
This demonstates the basic problem with tollerating monopolies in this
industry. When governments interfere, everyone subscribing loses, which
means most of the people in the audience for the service loses.
Unfortunately, there are no technological fixes (in the short term) for
monopolies. The shumpeterian cycle is too long for the time horizons
engendered by the German government's actions or the Exon/Gorton/Hyde
language. You have to fight monopolies on the political arena as well as
the technical (remember how the WWW was going to liberate all of us on it's
own? Until the elites recognized people wouldn't be watching Microsoft ads
*conspiratorial wink*.)
If I were a compuserve user, complain to your nearest German consulate and
call your congresscritter. Those GOP types will have a field day condeming
"euro-data-imperialism" during special order speeches on C-SPAN.
Support your local ISP.
Bill Humphries
PS: If only the Germans worried about Nazis during the Nurmemberg trials
the way they worry now, maybe they wouldn't be facing their current plauge
of nativist/skinhead problems.

@_date: 1996-02-03 05:02:50
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: CDA as a tool (was: Re: Helping the Crypto-Clueless) 
banjo, lord of the c monkeys (is that a 1,000 monkeys trying for RSA code,
The legislators may not have known or understood what they voted for,
however, the fact of the matter remains is there were a host of groups
(primarily the Christian Coalition) who know what the Internet can do to
prevent them from dominating public discourse and dictating policy to the
GOP. They used the congress and a press-release driven news media to get
their way.
bill.humphries at msn.fullfeed.com
(not affiliated with the Microsoft Network)
 Henry Hyde,  James Exon, ! Ralph Reed

@_date: 1996-02-06 22:56:27
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: Hey, we are quaint! (Was: A Sign of the Future) 
Steve Levy replied to Alex Strasheim over an alledged 'plot' to discredit
cypherpunks at Wired Magazine:
Hey folks, we are quaint Jeffersonians for the most part here. We believe
that reasoned arguement should carry the day instead of FUD (fear,
uncertainty and doubt). And that privacy is a good thing. Whereas modern,
marketing driven media (as described by McLuhan) will use FUD and whatever
else it takes to deliver an audience. Ask any of the people who have been
publicly tarred as Nazi's for their involvement over the Zundel/Hollow
Earth/webcom business.
Wolf's portrayal of McLuhan is spot on, because media producers who give a
damn about anonymity and privacy aren't going to land the big contracts.
The money to buy bandwidth and servers wants the highest quality data
availiable so we can be coerced to spend every minute we aren't working,
commuting, sleeping, or fornicating (was f*cking before the CDA) as
And many people aren't going to think of these issues, not because they are
dumb, but because they are so busy working to provide for their families to
spend any time in the reflective/meditative state required to make
political choices.
I suggest that Cypherpunks add one more slogan to their list:
               "Cypherpunks teach."
Because no one is going to invest in the time and effort to use PGP,
remailers, and blind web proxies unless they understand why they should.
I'm going to invest in the time to show my family and friends why these
technologies are important so when I mention PGP to someone they'll have
something other than the soundbite "only Nazis use strong encryption" to
fall back on.
bill.humphries at msn.fullfeed.com
"The more you know, the more jokes you get" -- Tompkins and Kaufman

@_date: 1996-01-13 02:51:11
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: [NOISE] Censorship as Theater: Media Coverage of the Internet 
Censorship as Theater
Several members of the list have complained of how the TV press portrays
the Web and the USENET as central casting for pederasts, copperheads and
narco-terrorists. I know, I've sent a couple of email messages to local TV
news outlets complaining about the broad brush of tar they've been
slinging. However, I don't think all the letters and education seminars
will do a bit of good. Because TV is not suited to presenting detailed or
sophisticated issues. TV is well-suited to telling exciting narratives full
of thrills. Given that TV news must compete with Roseanne and Vanna (and
Roseanne's writers do better narrative than Bosnian Serbs,) of course the
Internet will be portrayed as a thrilling interzone of thugs (aryran
nations), outlaws (Zimmerman), abominations (kiddieporn) and kooks (the
EFF,) with a few good guys (Exon and Shimomura) from "High Noon". The whole
thing will be presented as almost completely unrelated to the lives of the
viewer (the fantasy element) except when it can be used melodramatically
(cut to ur-bimbo gone good-nick and a blue binder full of GIFs, followed by
mother hovering over child gravely asking for the 1st amendment to be
torched for the good of the kiddies.) It's great theater, bad discourse.
Of course, there are opportunists such as the Christian Coalition; Cold,
Drug and Flu Warriors who exploit the theater and provide characters and
plot points to inflence the show their way.
Unfortunately, for all our nerdiness, many of us still think that civil
discourse really exists. We think we can influence public debate through
reasoned argument. We can't because reasoned argument isn't good TV. Does
this mean the 'forces of light' (as John Leonard describes us
anti-censorship types) should exploit the dominant means of persuasion and
construct simple narratives that make our side look like the good guys?
Turning anti-censorship into theater ignores the basic idea we're arguing
for, and reduces us to another clade of marketing nerds. To carry the day,
we have to take the arguement outside of the TV and other media influenced
by TV. It means you have to talk to your neighbours, friends, and families
and tell them why censorship is bad.
Suggested Reading:
Postman, Neil, _Amusing Ourselves to Death_, Balantine Paperback
Leonard, John, _The Last Innocent White Man in America_, New Press, pp. 48-57

@_date: 1996-01-17 23:54:11
@_author: Bill Humphries 
@_subject: Information Sent by Netscape during Queries 
Here's some questions I hope some of the Netscape staffers on the list can
help with.
1) Can we delete/rename or otherwise disable the MagicCookie file and still
   use Navigator?
2) Are there headers besides the standard HTTP/1.0 fields sent with our
   http transactions? What are they?
3) Can we go completely stealth inside of Netscape without a proxy server?
In a privacy seeking frame of mind,
Bill Humphries \/\/\/ bill.humphries at msn.fullfeed.com /\/\/\ Madison, WI, USA
PGP Public Key Fingerprint = 84 05 17 9D B9 6E 2D FE  A7 D1 E0 DC D0 96 63
