
@_date: 2003-04-26 12:40:07
@_author: Birger =?ISO-8859-1?Q?T=F6dtmann?= 
@_subject: CrypTool 
yesterday I attended a presentation about a software teaching people
crypto.  It's free, so I tested it a bit, and it's seemingly nice
and fit to help students understand what good crypto is and what's
not.  It was invented by a guy working at Deutsche Bank who was
horrified about the companies programmers coding new security schemes
into the banks software packages on the fly without knowing a bit
about crypto and underlying mathematics.  The software since then
has been shifted to a group at University of Darmstadt which is
developing it right now. The software is available for W32 only (*sigh*) but in English as
well as German:
  At the presentation they said that next steps in development will be
new demonstrators ("how does TLS work") on the content side and on the
organisational side the port to Unix.  With that they hope they can get it Open Sourced.
The software is intended for educational purposes, so right now they
limited the key space for most algorithms to 20 bit.  Well, until
the source is released I guess....    ;-)

@_date: 2003-01-15 07:26:44
@_author: Birger Toedtmann 
@_subject: RIAA turns against Hollings bill 
References: Nomen Nescio schrieb am Wed, Jan 15, 2003 at 01:25:01AM +0100:
Just to remind you of the arguments already known and voiced here
even more often:  to "freely make their own decisions" is possible
IFF there is no one exerting force (absence of a law, and the fall of
the CBDTPA may help in this respect) AND people have alternatives
to choose from.  The latter may not be the case in several years
from now, CBDTPA or not.  If you only can buy TCPA boards and your favourite OS will only run your favourite content when some TCPA microkernel is provably running, how's that compatible with free
decisions?  (No, I cannot build my own mainboard, sorry.)
Do you really think the industry will ask the average user whether he wants a TCPA-enabled board or not?  Do you really think the average user will even understand the question?
Driving a car is not an option if the supermarket is 50 miles from
your home and there's no bus station.
Birger Toedtmann
