
@_date: 2004-06-11 16:43:03
@_author: Brooks Isoldi 
@_subject: [osint] Department of Homeland Security tightens grip on 
unclassified information
Reply-To: osint at yahoogroups.com
Department of Homeland Security tightens grip on unclassified information
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is imposing
extraordinary new access controls on unclassified information
that it deems "for official use only" (FOUO).
The new information policy, which was spelled out in an
internal DHS directive last month, imposes several
classification-like access restrictions on information that
is "sensitive but unclassified."
So, for example, such unclassified information may only be
shared with individuals who are determined to have a "need to
know" it.
Furthermore, DHS employees and contractors must sign a special
Non-Disclosure Agreement before receiving access to
unclassified FOUO information.
As far as could be determined, no other executive branch
agency systematically requires a non-disclosure agreement for
access to unclassified FOUO information.
Secure storage of FOUO information is required, and secure
communication by encrypted telephone and fax is encouraged.
In some respects, the new restrictions on unclassified FOUO
information are not as onerous than those concerning
classified information.  For example, a security clearance is
not required for access.
But in other respects, the new FOUO information policy is
actually more far-reaching than national security
classification policy.
Thus, classified information can only be generated by
officials who have been authorized by the President, either
directly or indirectly by delegation.  But any DHS employee
or contractor can designate information as FOUO if it falls
within eleven broad categories.  Moreover, managers and
supervisors can also designate additional information as FOUO
even if it falls outside of those categories.
Further, the classification system provides for an oversight
mechanism through the Information Security Oversight Office.
No provision for oversight of the new FOUO policy is
Finally, the classification system, with all of its
limitations, has a declassification program built into it; by
executive order, classified documents are to be automatically
declassified with the passage of time.  But at the Department
of Homeland Security, the FOUO restriction will never lapse
unless and until the originating authority so decides.
"Information designated as FOUO will retain its designation
until determined otherwise by the originator or a supervisory
or management official having program management
responsibility over the originator and/or the information."
(Sec. 6E).
A copy of the new DHS directive (MD 11042) on "Safeguarding
Sensitive But Unclassified (For Official Use Only)
Information," dated May 11, 2004, was obtained...
through the Freedom of Information Act.
     (This directive is apparently distinct from the pending DHS
procedures for protection of "sensitive homeland security
information" [SHSI], which are "at least a month away" from
being circulated for external comment, one official said
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
     osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
     --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-09-11 10:56:43
@_author: Brooks Isoldi 
@_subject: [osint] Getting a Blood Test? ChoicePoint Gets a Drop to DNA Tag You 
Getting a Blood Test? ChoicePoint Gets a Drop to DNA Tag You
September 9, 2004
by Greg Palast
DON'T LOOK AT THE FLASH
On September 11, 2001, we Americans were the victims of a terrible
By September 12, we became the suspects.
Not one single U.S. citizen hijacked a plane, yet President Bush and
Attorney General John Ashcroft, through powers seized and codified in
the USA PATRIOT Act, fingered 270 million of us for surveillance, for
searches, for tracking, for watching.
And who was going to play Anti-Santa, watching to see when we've been
good or bad? A guy named Derek Smith.
And that made September 11, 2001 Derek's lucky day.
Even before the spying work could begin, there were all those pieces
people to collect - tubes marked "DM" (for "Disaster Manhattan") -
which his company, ChoicePoint Inc, would extract DNA for victim
identification, work for which the firm would receive $12 million from
New York City's government.
Maybe Smith, like the rest of us, grieved at the murder of innocent
friends and countrymen. As for the 12-million-dollar corpse
identification fee, that's chump change to the $4 billion corporation
Smith had founded only four years earlier in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Nevertheless, for Smith's ChoicePoint Inc., Ground Zero would become a
profit center lined with gold.
As the towers fell, ChoicePoint's stock rose; and from Ground Zero,
contracts gushed forth from War on Terror fever. Why? Because this
outfit is holding no less 16 billion records on every living and dying
being in the USA. They're the Little Brother with the filing system
Big Brother calls.
ChoicePoint's quick route to no-bid spy contracts was not impeded by
fact that the company did something for George W. Bush that the voters
would not: select him as our president.
Here's how they did it. Before the 2000 election, ChoicePoint unit
Database Technologies, held a $4 million no-bid contract under the
control of Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris, to identify
felons who had illegally registered to vote. The ChoicePoint outfit
altogether fingered 94,000 Florida residents. As it turned out, less
than 3,000 had a verifiable criminal record; almost everyone on the
had the right to vote.
The tens of thousands of "purged" citizens had something in common
besides their innocence: The list was, in the majority, made up of
African Americans and Hispanics, overwhelmingly Democratic voters
only crime was V.W.B: Voting While Black. And that little ethnic
cleansing operation, conducted by Governor Jeb Bush's gang with
ChoicePoint's aid, determined the race in which Harris named Bush the
winner by 537 votes.
To say that ChoicePoint is in the "data" business is utterly to miss
their market concept: These guys are in the Fear Industry. Secret
lurks everywhere. Al Qaeda's just the tip of the iceberg. What about
pizza delivery boy? ChoicePoint hunted through a sampling of them and
announced that 25 percent had only recently come out of prison. "What
pizza do you like?" asks CEO Smith. "At what price? Are you willing to
take the risk?..."
War fever opened up a whole new market for the Fear Industry.
And now Mr. Smith wants your blood. ChoicePoint is the biggest
of DNA to the FBI's "CODIS" system. And, one company insider whispered
to me, "Derek [Smith] told me that it is his hope to build a database
DNA samples from every person in the United States."
For now, Smith keeps this scheme under wraps, fearing "resistance"
the public. Instead, Smith pushes "ChoicePoint Cares" - taking DNA
samples to hunt for those missing kids on milk cartons. It's for, "the
mothers of this country who are wrestling with threats" - you know,
pizza guy from Al Queda, the cult kidnappers. In other words,
ChoicePoint's real product, like our President's, is panic.
In Hollywood, Jack Nicholson picked up the zeitgeist: "If I were an
American I would insist on being profiled. This is not the time for
civil rights."
Maybe Jack's right: screw rights, we want safety.
But wait, Jack. We're both old farts who can remember the Cuban
Crisis. In 1962, the Russians were going to drop The Big One on us.
we didn't have to worry, Mrs. Gordon told us, if we just got under the
desk, covered our necks. And she'd warned, it will all be OK as long
we, "Don't look at the flash!"
ChoicePoint's Smith admonishes that, if we,d only had his databases
humming at the airports on September 11, the hijackers, who used their
own names, would have been barred from boarding. However, experts
me that Osama no longer checks in as "Mr. bin Laden," even at the cost
of losing his frequent flyer miles.
ChoicePoint's miles of files, the FBI's CODIS system, taking off your
shoes at the airport, Code Purple days, the whole new Star-Spangled
KGB'ing of America is the new "Duck and Cover."
Thank you, ChoicePoint. Thank you, Mr. Ashcroft.
Greg Palast is the author of the New York Times bestseller, "The Best
Democracy Money Can Buy" and "Joker's Wild: Dubya's Trick Deck" -
investigative regime change cards from Seven Stories Press. All are
available here:
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
    <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
    --- end forwarded text
