
@_date: 2001-03-12 18:30:17
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: One source of JC's inferiority complex 
Plenty of folks sans degrees have a clue, though, Jim...

@_date: 2001-03-13 18:14:51
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: all we want is to send geese to france 
Hey, all we want to do is stand in the Golden Gate Park with a joint
and without a bra, while reading SubGenius literature and blowing

@_date: 2001-03-14 07:53:06
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: pave the earth 
Militant environmental group targets FBI, others
By SAM STANTON
Scripps-McClatchy Western Service
March 13, 2001
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - Two weeks after claiming responsibility for its
first arson attack in California, the Earth
Liberation Front has issued a nationwide call for "militant direct
action" against FBI offices and other federal
The militant environmental group, which the FBI has called the nation's
most dangerous domestic terror
organization, on Tuesday issued a statement asking its followers to
engage in actions against the federal
government on April 5.
That date coincides with the scheduled pretrial hearing of Frank
Ambrose, who has been charged in
Bloomington, Ind., with tree-spiking and is suspected to be an ELF
Ambrose has denied the charges and his case has become a rallying point
for environmental activists who
believe he is being unfairly targeted by FBI agents anxious to win a
court victory against an alleged ELF
Sacramento FBI spokesman Nick Rossi said his agency had little to say
about the ELF announcement or FBI
security efforts.
"We evaluate each threat on a case by case basis," Rossi said.
The announcement calls for protests at a time of year when federal
agencies typically are at a heightened state
of alert because of the April 19 anniversaries of the Oklahoma City
federal building bombing and the raid on the
Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas.
The call for action on April 5 came through e-mail messages sent to
individuals who have asked to be updated
on ELF activities. The messages are forwarded by a group of activists
based in Portland, Ore., who deny any
membership in the group.
One of the activists, Lesliejames Pickering, said Tuesday that he
believed the latest announcement indicated
there would be demonstrations of "support for radical action."
"Militant means more organized, more strategic," Pickering said. "There
are going to be protests nationwide."
He added that he expected protest sites to include either Sacramento or
San Francisco.
The shadowy organization, which has no official members, says it is a
worldwide group that includes anyone
who takes action to protect the environment without injuring or killing
The group claims to have caused at least $37 million in damages to
various timber operations, ski resorts and
other entities ELF members believe have hurt the environment.
In one of its latest efforts, the ELF claims to have set a Feb. 20
pre-dawn fire at a cotton gin near Visalia that
caused $700,000 in damage. The group claimed it targeted the plant
because it contained genetically
engineered cotton seeds.
But officials said there were no such seeds at the gin, and a fire
investigator said Tuesday that officials have not
been able to corroborate the group's claims of setting the blaze.
The ELF claimed to have placed barrels containing a total of 20 gallons
of gasoline and other fuel around the
inside of the plant.
Capt. Mike Davidson of the California Department of Forestry and Fire
Protection said a dog trained to detect
accelerants at arsons was sent inside the cotton gin and found no scent
of the fuel.
"I personally believe that if there were 20 gallons of accelerant inside
the dog would have smelled it and the
firefighters would have smelled it (when they arrived on the scene),"
Davidson said. "I can't eliminate the
possibility that the Earth Liberation Front set the fire; I can say that
they didn't do the fire the way they said they
However, FBI officials have said the group's previous claims of
responsibility for such actions generally have
been accurate. And officials are concerned that the fire in Visalia and
the recent announcements indicate ELF
followers are planning to increase the number and frequency of such

@_date: 2001-03-15 23:08:15
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: equal protection in texas and privacy 
Mar 15, 2001 - 10:39 PM
               State Sodomy Law Ruled Constitutional by
               Appeals Court
               By Kristen Hays
               Associated Press Writer
               HOUSTON (AP) - A Texas appeals court upheld the state's
               sodomy law Thursday in the case of two men charged with
               sex in a private home.
               The nine-member 14th Court of Appeals voted 7-2 to
overturn a
               June ruling by three members of the same panel that said
the law
               was unconstitutional because it forbids sex between
               partners, yet allows the same acts between heterosexuals.
               The sodomy law, which has been on the books for more than
               century, was challenged after John Geddes Lawrence and
               Garner were arrested on Sept. 17, 1998 and charged with
               engaging in homosexual conduct.
               Harris County sheriff's deputies had entered Lawrence's
               after receiving a false report of an armed intruder
inside but found
               the men having sex.
               Under the sodomy law, homosexual oral and anal sex is a
Class C
               misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to $500.
               Lawrence and Garner pleaded no contest in a justice of
the peace
               court and later in a Harris County Criminal Court-at-Law
so they
               could start the legal challenge.
               Prosecutor Bill Delmore said he was pleased with the
               Ruth E. Harlow, legal director of the Lambda Legal
Defense and
               Education Fund, who argued the case on behalf of the two
               said they would appeal.
               "The court's ruling failed to enforce the constitution's
promise of
               equality," she said.
               She said the ruling also allows the government to
overstep its
               bounds by "bashing down the bedroom door" to criminalize
               consensual sex between same-sex partners.
               "It guts the right to privacy," she said.
               Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Kansas are the only states
               outlaw sodomy between same-sex partners. Texas has had a
               sodomy law since 1860 but decriminalized it for
               partners in 1974.
               Twelve other states prohibit sodomy between same- and
               opposite-sex partners. Harlow said similar laws in
               Tennessee and Montana have recently been thrown out.
