
@_date: 1993-12-12 19:02:28
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: USENET on a tape, and future privacy 
"My concern is that it is becoming more and more common for people to "grow up" on the net, many people I know of started quite young, and a determined opponent (as I'll call the snooper) could, concieveably search your entire posting history."
Indeed, just from reading the postings to this and the extropians list for a few weeks, now, my neurological system has become impressed with info on one particular person such that I now know:
his employment history & when he retired
his present entrepreneural activities
and other present interests & pursuits
that he has wide feet
which are his buddies on the two lists
which are the women on the other list who typically disagree with him
that the Energizer Rabbit (LD) considers him an enemy
that he's up late, sending out posts at 2:00 a.m.
some of his opinions on gender
some of his opinions on women
how he deals with argumentive conflicts
I think someone mentioned he has beard
(and it's possible I could get a dot-matrix print out of his image)
where in the world he lives
his past awards for a scientific discovery
what kind of tub he bathes in
And this is just from memory, I haven't intended to develop a file, but delete most messages once I have read them.
Pretty good, for just browsing   :>)

@_date: 1993-11-08 11:08:23
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Private and Public 
But of COURSE the government has a right to know how much money you make -    It OWNS you;
why else would it protect you and educate you?
(Up Ahead -   be prepared . . . you have now crossed into the Twilight Zone).
  I'm sure that few folks want to unsheathe the pro- and con- spoofing
arguments again. But Patrick's last post got me thinking:
  Does the government have the right to know how much money I make, and
from what sources? The IRS says yes, absolutely. But Eric Hughes, in a
talk given at San Francisco State University, said, in response to a
question from an audience, that international digital banking will make
it very difficult for a national government to track monetary exchanges,
and thereby tax them. Furthermore, I deduced from the gleam in his eye
that Eric thought that this was a Good Thing (correct me if I
misconstrued you, Eric).
  Right now, there seems to be a kind of social contract between us and
the government: it protects us, provides free schools, etc etc, in
exchange for which we have to pony up a fair share of our earnings. It
follows, doesn't it, that the government has a right to enforce its laws
saying that everyone must pay that fair share of taxes? To enforce that
rule, it has a right, under certain conditions, to rummage around in our
records to see if we have hidden any income source from them.
  This may or may not be Big Brother. But it does seem to be the modus
operandi of every government that ever was.
  The point: concerns of privacy often come in conflict with the larger
obligations of public good. We can't say categorically that one must
always predominate.
  What do you think?

@_date: 1994-04-01 17:20:22
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: InVisible Basic 1.0 
FYI.   I am not making this up.  I can only imagine how this will =
impact society.   ~ Blanc
Microsoft Announces InVisible Basic 1.0
Using the slogan "Not Seeing Is Believing," Microsoft Corporation today =
is announcing InVisible Basic 1.0, a completely new use of "stealth" =
technology in an object-oriented development environment.
"We're taking code transparency to new heights," enthused Product =
Manager C. R. as she began an impressive product demo. After just five =
minutes of moving a mouse around what appeared to be a blank screen, =
selecting unseen menu items, placing indiscernible controls on =
inevident forms, and typing in unapparent code, the alleged application =
was able to access an undisclosed database, perform a series of =
unspecified queries and display whatever data it supposedly encountered =
in a completely undetectable format.
The only evidence that the application existed at all was the use of =
disk space and CPU cycles. "And we're working on that for version 2.0," =
C. R. said.
"The applications are obvious," said "Jim," a developer with "General =
Enterprises," a defense-industry supplier that lists its address as a =
P.O. Box somewhere near Bakersfield, Calif. "I mean, if you were =
developing a sensitive application--not that we are currently engaged =
in any such contracts--and you wanted to ensure complete security--not =
that we currently have any clients who have any need for such =
security--this would enable you to make an application that was =
completely protected--not that I am implying that any of the clients =
that I cannot confirm or deny we might have would need this level of =
data security--from outside intrusion. It also really saves on screen =
real estate."
Developed under the code name "Provo," the product was due to ship =
concurrently with Visual Basic 3.0, but was lost when the development =
team moved to its new offices in the D Level of Building 25. "That =
ended up being a thrilling beta test," said C.R. . "I mean, if the =
development team can't find the product, then it's pretty darn =
invisible, right?"
InVisible Basic 1.0 is currently available at an undisclosed location =
for an unspecified amount. For technical support, leave an ad in the =
personals section of the Miami Herald reading, "Marjoe: all is =
forgiven. Bunny." You will receive in the mail a postcard of the =
Ballard Fish Locks. At midnight, exactly two days after receiving this =
card, be waiting at the "G" concourse of Mile High Stadium in Denver. A =
PSS representative will contact you there. The password is "blibbett."
			|
			|
			|
Clear as a bell, the InVisible Basic product development team shows off =
its enthusiasm at a recent ship party.

@_date: 1994-04-04 12:29:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: THOUGHT:  Internation 
"....... I just would like to know if
those who object to this object on grounds of practicality or ideology (in
other words, for example do you object because you don't believe everyone
is *entitled* to a job......."
having a job = making a living using $
"a living":          having an idea of a kind of life to live
pre-requisite:  having a purpose in life
requisite:          arranging your life to realize (achieve) that purpose
                           following-through on the work required
                           adjusting things around you to suit your It would be impractical for another person to deliver all of these things for me at their expense, when they should be spending time on their own dreams & plans.  It does not represent an ideal method to me to have my lifestyle delivered to me, while aiming to be an independent, autonomous individual with a mind of my own.
Otherwise I would be obliged to serve the purposes & interests of those who supply the means, the job, the money, on their schedule; that is, whenever they could think of something for me to "do" on the entitled job list.

@_date: 1994-04-04 20:22:52
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: THOUGHT:  Internation 
"Well, I guess we concieve of the meaning of the phrase "'right' to a job"
somewhat differently. I see it as meaning everyone has the oppurtunity to
earn a living."
Except that you didn't say that, you said 'right to a job'.  To me that means that there is a job in existence to which I have a right, or that one should be created for me so that I may be the beneficiary of it.
"I also don't know that I think my job has
anything to do with my purpose in life- If someone can find that to be the
case, great, but otherwise it is just a way to stay alive while they are
looking for the real thing, so to speak."
Your basic purpose in life could be simply to maintain it while you or someone else figures out what it's for.  Maintaining a life requires work, which is what a job is and does.  The reference to a 'right' to a job is usually intended to mean that it should be provided, not just that the opportunity should exist.  But in fact, no one is required to maintain another's particular existence; especially if they impress as being a purposeless being with no particular reason for being assisted in the maintenance of their purposeless life (i.e. there being no reason to be even *moved* to provide them with a job).
It has been pointed out in my readings, that the Constitution makes a case for the *pursuit* of one's interest, to emphasize that it should not be hampered or prevented, but that it makes no case for the provision of that particular thing which one would pursue (like a house or a job).
"I suppose I look at the alternative- that people don't have the right to
earn a living, that doing so is a priviledge. How easy is it to get by
without a job in this country? It can be done, but it sucks."
People don't really have a right to do anything, yet they have the given means and a whole world & beyond, with which to do most of what they can imagine or anything they can manage.  It's easy, when you know how.

@_date: 1994-04-04 22:00:40
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: rights in cyberspace <warning: long commentary> 
The point of the nation's bill of rights was to deal with the fear that the federal governing body would not understand sufficiently the principles in the Constitution, if these were not more precisely spelled out.  The philosophically capable founders & writers of the Constitution & nation were able to think in terms of wide principles, but this was not expected so much from those who would follow after them.  The intent of trying to codify guarantees was to try to present to their more limited successors the definite, specific crucial elements of the freedom to action which otherwise would be ignored.  They were aimed at the government, because it was being created and because it was new & different, and because the people at that time were very familiar with what it meant to be insignificantly considered by a ruling class.  They were trying to uphold their dignity as individuals whose manifested existence they thought should not be overlooked or easily mistreated by those to whom so much power had been They were looking to a government to both be a tool for upholding and preventing the destruction of the values which they all were aiming for.  They were looking to the government because that is all that they had at the time to think about, in terms of a means to achieve their goals.  But that was a long time ago, and since then everyone has learned much about what is possible to the individual, as well as what is possible to a 'free' government and to a collective body of any group of people.   Many concepts have been clarified, developed, refined.   Some people have developed other ideas of how to live which do not require the use of an elected class to guard things which they (the elected) do not themselves actually value or know how to defend.  We have many more tools now by which to exist more independently than ever, and some of us are prepared to use the opportunity to advance in that direction.
You might have noticed that the 'cypherpunk ideology' has much to do with tools.  I can't speak for the others on this list, especially those who set it up, but this is what I think:  'Tis a better thing to use a tool than to use another person.  It permits of a different kind of association; it opens pu the possibility of conceiving another person more in terms of friendship and similar interests, compared to what exists in a community where people will gather for comfort against fear, or primarily for the utilitarian benefits the group can provide.  There develops a change of proportion in what the 'community' represents to those who consort with each other.
Considering how successful the bill of rights has been so far at creating a more perfect government, it is difficult to accept that another set of commandments would accomplish anymore than they ever have.   Success does not depend solely upon what has been stated, but upon what has been understood; nay, further, upon the ability to understand the statement; and better yet, upon the ability to act in regard of it.  To have to wait for recognition or for permission is too dependent upon the mercy of another.  It is better to move forward into efficacy than to wait for the generosity of strangers, especially when it is for your own benefit.
Where was the access to the internet before there were private companies?  Where was the internet before it was constructed?  What if no one had conceived of the idea at this time yet?  We would all be effectively censored from cyberspace simply from the absence of a place to go!   How does the existence of a government and a codified community relate to the existence of an electronic means to commune?  I wouldn't expect that a bunch of, say, poets, just milling around, would result spontaneously in a network made up of wires and cables and hardware and software and . . . . things that make up what comprises the net, just from having the freedom to speak and assemble.  Yet once each of these things had been created, and once the idea to use them in this speciallized way had occurred to some bright person, it is expected by many that they suddenly should have the right to use that system, as though they owned these strangers who happened to have a practical idea, and had therefore the right to use the results of their Codified behavior is useful to people when they are not prepared to make their own decisions about what they will do or in what manner they will carry out those actions to success.   It is not useful to those who are venturing out into new territories or who wish to be creative and self-composed.  It is not agreeable to those who wish to act from their own authority and take up the responsibility for their actions, because coding does not require thought, it only requires obedience; it doesn't require understanding, it only requires following, accomplishable simply by imitation; it doesn't require conscious & studied agreement, it only requires complicity.   Codified behavior assures minimum expectations, but it does necessarily allow for enlarged perspective or insight.  I personally would not want to fall into the category of those who need codified behavior in order to meet a minimum standard of normal social interaction.  I would not wish to be a part of such a 'community', as I would be operating in a realm far beyond their expectations and ability to deal with.
Individuals who go out into the sunless world of cyberspace should realize that it is an abstract atmosphere, where often little more than heat (vs light) is to be expected.  How much can you care about digital data, how seriously can you consider it, how much will you allow it to affect you or push you out of shape?  It could be more the money, the expense vs the reward, which could be anything to really worry about.  Lions and Tigers and Bears!  Oh, My!  You could do a little cost/benefit analysis of your involvements on the net and calculate that you might be more free by staying off than by staying involved or hanging on.
But if you *are* so interested in the subject of codified rights, you should enter into a conversation with Dorothy Denning, as she also pursues the same vision of rights and laws as yourself.  She would probably not only agree with you, but perhaps offer additional ideas as well.

@_date: 1994-04-04 22:21:23
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits 
"And we'll be moving our trade, our entertainment, and much of our
lives into cyberspace a whole lot faster than we'll be slowly moving
into low Earth orbit and beyond. In fact, I consider that I'm already
half-way in. In a few years, with Mosaic-like one-touch connectivity,
with a plethora of network choices, with secure remailers and similar
tools to anonymize my transactions, I'll be so far in there'll be [no]
turning back."
Actually, some of us could become quite bored and decide to go to the beach, instead.
Sometime, someday (when you least expect it), you'll have to come out and do some 3-dimensional living.

@_date: 1994-04-06 17:15:33
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: who, me?!?! 
!?!?!?!?! detweiler this, detweiler that!!! why does everyone keep
calling me `detweiler' when my name is `tmp at netcom.com'?!!
i am just a good cyberspatial citizen trying to build up
reputation under a new name, and it doesn't help that just because i
i use the word `detweiler', you throw me in your kill files.
...................................................................... If tmp at netcom.com is what you say & think you are, then I say that is what you must be, and how you should be considered.
If you are trying to build up a reputation under a new name on this list, I should think it would be best to post only upon those subjects which are relevant and pertinent to the interests of those who subscribe to it, without continuing to draw attention to, focus upon, and emphasize the inappropriate associations to the inimitable detweiler and the impressions which his personality has made upon everyone in the past.
If you are not so ignorant after all and have serious contributions to the subjects which are of mutual interest to others on the list besides T.C. May, Eric Hughes, and Perry Metzger, surely you could present your thoughts&ideas so that everyone who reads the message could think that it was also relevant to them as well, addressing the subjects at hand without implications to the that trio of personalities on your list.
Since you have read the FAQs on the cypherpunks and have been on the list awhile, you must be familiar with the philosophical stands taken on a number of subjects, and therefore what kind of responses you might expect from a particular attitude/discussion on any of them.
Surely if you post in a civilized, serious manner on subjects which are important to yourself which could also appeal to others, you could leave the image of detweiler behind and move on to other, more important subjects.  It is true that your recent postings have not brought out the best in everyone, what with the spitting, cursing, and identification with private body parts .
I do think, however, that if you were to converse on a higher, more rarified intellectual level, everyone would settle down, ignore the unfortunate association with L.D., and forget the misconception they have of your pseudonymous personhood.

@_date: 1994-04-07 09:27:19
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
"One possibility is a digital reputation system.  Presently people and
nyms develop informal reputations in the minds of their readers.  This
could be formalized by allowing readers to create endorsements of
various types for those who have worthwhile things to say. "
Could I really allow myself to be so prejudiced by what a number of others have determined is (or is not) a worthwhile contributor to a list?
My interest in reading a message has first to do with the subject of attention, then second the one who has something to say.  There are many types of commentary which someone could introduce at any time; sometimes in humor or sarcasm, sometimes with great insight, more or less successfully.  I think whoever attends to messages on a list should consider their motives -  whether they just want company, a sounding board, or whether they want to read about a particular subject of interest.
The opportunity to interact with others in abstract conversation is also the opportunity to develop and refine the ability to communicate, to improve upon the formulation of a thought and express it with greater ability.  I might not like the style or manner of what someone has said in the past, yet accept what they have to say some other time.   But this would be my own judgement at work, not a conclusion derived from the aggregate opinion of others.
I myself wouldn't pay excessive attention to a reputation system, outside of its entertainment value.

@_date: 1994-04-07 09:30:53
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
"what do you think, cpunks, should you have the right to ignore people
regardless of the pseudonyms they use?"
How could a person prevent someone from ignoring another? on the net?
"i ask if it is possible to construct a system that protects anonymity but at the same time allows someone to filter all pseudonyms associated with another person."
Code it, and they will come.
" ideally we can develop moral codes where our algorithms fail us. "
Ideally, you would be able to enforce these moral codes.
Ideally, they would reflect not only what is possible in reality, but what is truly desireable.

@_date: 1994-04-08 12:20:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: RMorality and Ethics (was Pseudonym's and Reputation) 
"McCandlish and I discussed morality and ethics early during our initial
"handshake".  Stanton said there is no morality, only ethics- what do
you think?"
I think one is the study of the subject and the other is the application of it, according to one's personal interpretation.
*** Morality is the ablility to differentiate between right and wrong,
without denotation.  Thus, each situation defines an eidetic decision
and implementation which would be the application of an ethical standard
based on past experience.  Therefore, endogenous morality is quite tangible,
while exogenous morality is most likely unethical, and detrimental to the
purity of being. ***
I couldn't understand this paragraph very well, as it is too cryptic.

@_date: 1994-04-08 14:39:15
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: RMorality and Ethics (was Pseudonym's and Reputation) 
Attempted translation:  Morality is both individual and situational, and
must not be externally imposed as the imposition would violate individual
Thanks, Curtis.  For some reason, I kept reading the first sentence as:
"Morality is the ablility to differentiate between right and wrong, without detonation."
Which, I guess, would be another good translation.

@_date: 1994-04-10 12:54:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Shot 'Round the World 
Freedom of information, and nil transaction cost in anonymous settings
is key in empowering the individual and securing individual rights.
Obviously the goal will conflict with modern intelligence agencies that
seek to attempt domestic monitoring, but I think everyone here needs
to address the role of such agencies in the grand scheme of things.
Is the cypherpunk position a lawless one, or one promoting the evolution
of law?
1.   What if the cypherpunk position was one or the other; what effect would it have on the subscribers, or upon the law itself? How much do those on the list allow themselves to be affected by other's positioning, and how much could anyone with influence in the law really care?
2.  Jeff Davis has mentioned in a past message that the electronic war against the "enemies of freedom" (intelligence agencies)  would be mostly a psychological war (or something to that effect).  I am concluding that he must have been attempting to accomplish something like this by his act of sending out that NSA manual to all.
On the subject of psychological warfare as a method in this privacy effort, I was pondering:
.  the effectiveness of the tactic employed
.  the character of the intended recipient of the message
.  how it will be interpreted by them
.  predicting whether they will care, in the same way as the sender, about the purpose & content of the message
Since the communication is mostly words framing thoughts and philosophical arguments, the effects that one can aim for will be either cognitive or psychological (hopefully achieving both).  To aim for a psychological effect only, is to propose that you know so much about psychology,  that you know precisely what to aim for - in the minds of all of the recipients, and to expect predictable results.
. people will often sense when they are being targeted
. if they do, they will be resentful at being the object of someone's attack
. they may respond in an unpredictable manner different from what was intended,  if the total factors involved are more than are known or can be successfully controlled by the attacker
. if the intent is only to involve others as elements in the attempt, they can also become angry for being enmeshed in crossfire for a purpose which is not of their own choosing (i.e. being  used) and be unconducive to the success of the intent.
In the attempt to persuade, convince, convert others from their position which is offensive to one's own, the methods employed are typically negative:  pointing out the adverse consequences, pointing out what is wrong with what is being done, pointing out how bad/lousy/wrong/mistaken the offending party is, etc.
But it has occurred to me that part of the problem with the effort to defend the dignity of one's "rights" is that there is so much more negativity than positiveness brought into play in the proffered arguments.  What impresses me as lacking in the vision of the offending parties is a picture of 'normality'; they're suffering from visions of abnormal motivations. ( I mean normality in the sense of having a "sense of life" which allows for the expectations of normal activity & thought  in the average person.)
To present only negative insights about the problem to those who propose the disagreeable methods by which they seek to solve it, is to only push the imagination further into the black hole of deficiency.  What is lacking in the mind of that type of psychological target is a perspective on what is normal to a regular human being.  So how could positive indicators to the rest of life be given; how could a vision of what else is true about real people be created, so that the perspective of those targeted individuals or agencies is offered something better to think about than the problems created by a few out-of-control types; so that their outlook on the subjects of their attention (in this case, the citizens of the US) is not composed only of visions of delinquency and aberrant behavior?
It is a challenge to "maintain one's head while all about one, others are losing theirs".  Yet not only is that what is needed, but the agencies supposedly charged with our welfare could also use some help in maintaining *their* rationality.  They apparently need some support to the end of acquiring confidence in our judgement (the rest of us who are not members of the elite, the chosen few).  They are alarmed by the potential threat of destruction of a system which they prize as the means to social stability.  What would reduce their felt need to cover the world with wiretraps in order to make sure that they don't miss any loose cannons out in the mists of the wild electronic atmosphere?  What could provide that sort of reassurance, that everyone is not going to begin using their liberties in wanton, uninhibited, juvenile ways against the system or against each other.  What could provide evidence contrary to the agencies' conclusion that non-government employees do not have what it takes to make rational decisions about the toys & tools and other devices which they create for their own amusement.
Considering also:  agencies do not by themselves create the man, but vice versa.  That is, just because an agency exists, because it has been created for a particular purpose, it does not follow that the people hired to function within it no longer have a recognizable human nature similar to everyone else's [that's part of the problem :>) ].   They also must bring their own personality and character to what they do, however unlikely it seems that they would have the opportunity to do so.  If this were not so, then there would be no reason to think that one could argue with them at all.  It would be better to give up the effort of communicating with them or attempting to affect them psychologically, since they could not be expected to understand anyway; it would be better instead to think of other methods for achieving the preferred manner of existence.
There would be a great benefit to a psychological type of warfare, if it could achieve points for the potential to normality which exists in everyone; if it could present evidence to counter the argument that the individual cannot be trusted, that we need to be saved from each other (by the intelligence agencies).  What could bolster their lack of confidence in the judgement of the general population, such that the conclusion made to use the services of these agencies would be proved This would be demonstrated by the kinds of actions taken by individuals in response to the threats against their privacy.
To wage a psychological war is to assume a great responsibility for the impressions made upon those who will be judging the behavior of their "charges".  The psychological warriors would be taking part in the creation of a picture of the population, the effects of which would be a determining factor in the decisions made for future policies.  It is very easy to take exceptional cases and use them as examples upon which to base techniques implemented for the cause of safety.  It could hardly be expected that a limited few would have the resources to accomplish the goal for everyone, of saving the image of the individual against the one-dimensional cyclops (within our own lifetime); it is questionable whether any individual should associate themselves with the burden of such a responsibility.

@_date: 1994-04-10 13:36:50
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
This does suggest an alternative form of "is-a-person" credentialling,
Rather than trying to verify identity at a distance, . . . . .
I'm sure I don't understand, said Alice in Wonderland:  cryptology is to create anonymity sufficient to prevent the identification of a person; however, it is desireable to have a method/means of verifying identity such that in games or digicash or whatnot, someone cannot take advantage of that ability to obfuscate precise references to themselves.
How could these two opposing needs be simultaneously satisfied? It sounds like a self-defeating proposition.

@_date: 1994-04-11 09:35:43
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
it does appear that in a completely unaccountable
system, i.e. where pseudonyms are cheaply obtained and accrue bad reptation
without any consequence, `cryptochaos' can ensue.
in fact, it seems to me the mechanisms for social interaction are most
rapidly evolving on IRC, where there are all kinds of sophisticated rules
regarding operators who have control over channels, to boot out participants,
`ban' them, and the way that people `ignore' each other, etc. . . . . . . .
Why would anyone who wants to play in a virtual environment
in disguise, also want to be able to keep up with the
personalities created.  It must be like a Walter Mitty scenario,
where someone re-creates themselves (but not really) into a preferred
kind of person, then "accomplishes" things (but not really) that they
would otherwise not have the wherewithall to realize.  There would be
a vested insterest in this re-created self because it would permit
the person to be something which they could not otherwise be, in an
environment which makes it possible (although temporary).  There
would also be a vested interest in keeping up with those other false
personas created, to the effect of maintaining a kind of camaraderie
among them, like willing participants in a falsehood.
Cryptochaos must occur when it becomes too difficult for the
imagination to maintain this database of ephemereal seemingness, when
the intent is to develop friendships but the friends are all
fabrications and so easily changed at will.
I guess at that point it would be important to have "control" over
what happens in a medium where the only thing visible is type,
electronic bits, and it is only the imagination which supplies
credibility to the  characterizations and roles.......treachery and
deceit !   You changed your identity on me, fie upon you, we can
no longer play !

@_date: 1994-04-11 09:41:26
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: identity, privacy, & anonymity in cyberspace 
A few more comments for tmp (hit delete if you don't want to know):
" isn't what we *really* want a more basic definition of what
is allowed and what is not? besides, under the cypherpunk vision,
operators would never censor a user for postings-- but is it the case that all
cypherpunks can say they have never tried to censor anyone by notes
to sysadmins,........?"
.  Isn't it true that what we really want is a way to defend
ourselves or find relief from a disruptive or discomfitting
effect?  If the capacity to do this (defending) is built into a
system, and everyone involved is aware of how it can be applied, then
it should be expected that it *will* be used; no one who has a means
for relief can be expected to restrain themselves from employing
it when they feel there is sufficient cause.  At some point it becomes a matter of self-preservation.
"the cypherpunk vision seems to split the world into two groups:
those people i trust (my friends) and everyone else (whom i
completely distrust withintense paranoia). this is a very xenophobic
and chauvinistic philosophy at heart."
. However, there is no mandate to subscribe to any particular attitude on the net, especially among a group of strangers who are not constrained to remain in contact.
" it seems to me to be the case that either `i know who you are' or i
don't.   what does it mean for me to `know who you are'?"
.  And why, one might ask oneself, should I care?
"the important goal is `defining what privacy really means' and
cypherpunks seem to take the position, `it means that nobody knows
anything about me'. our society simply cannot function under
this constraint."
.  But society is barely functioning anyway, under all of the present constraints.  It would function better if more of these were removed, and everyone's "true self" were allowed to manifest itself; this would also present greater opportunities to deal with underlying problems which otherwise cannot be resolved and only lead to unfriendliness & suspicion.
"if i wish to `interconnect', identity is necessary to minimize risk
to the people i `interconnect' with."
.  This is true, but it is also true that anyone who agrees to interconnect must realize that they are taking a risk, and that they cannot default on the responsibility they have assumed by participating.

@_date: 1994-04-11 20:21:19
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Shot 'Round the World 
"We don't insist on all-or-nothing accuracy in other forms of warfare,
why expect it here?"
Because you want to succeed?
"Psychological warfare is about manipulation and FUD
(fear, uncertainty, doubt)."
All's fair in love and war.  What makes it psychological is the faculty & type of effect aimed for, and FUD isn't the only thing possible, or "... we don't need to demonstrate good behavior to convince it/them that we deserve or can be trusted......"
". . . to bolster their flagging confidence, they need a good kick in the teeth."
"There is no rational argument that can force the non-trusting to trust."
". . . the point may be to create a state of irrationality, not a particular rational conclusion."
.   What you would be aiming for here, apparently, is neither their psychology nor their intellect.   But actually if you are not intending to communicate at all, then all of things which I mentioned are irrelevant.  I would leave you to your own devices.
"Perhaps this discourse about "images" isn't useful, and it's time to talk about capabilities."
.  What image do you get of the engagement of your capabilities under normal circumstances  vs under a totalitarian regime?
What sort of picture is created in your mind by the statements about human nature, "endowed ...with inalienable rights", among which are included "Life, liberty, Pursuit of Happiness", and what do you suppose George thought about that?
Some questions I would ask in regard to this warfare business:
What sort of a win would you be aiming for, which served the purposes of rational discussion poorly?  For how long would you be expecting to live in the company of those whom you drove to irrationality?  And how would you go about the business of returning everything back to a viable, liveable state, supposing you achieved victory?

@_date: 1994-04-12 12:12:08
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Cyber PsyOps (Re: Shot) 
"Psychological Warfare is duofold.  It harrases the enemy, and hopefully wins
the hearts and minds of the population."
And then all you have to do is maintain your control over the situation.  Once you have persuaded everyone to come over to your psychological point of view and have won their sympathies, all you have to do is leave them to their own imagination and they will, like  "herds", self-regulate and organize into a new paradigm of confluence according to the tribal provisions written into the Constitution by Thomas Jefferson, thus giving weight to progressive theory. Then for sure you would have a society based on consensual normalities, the horde for whom you would have prepared the way:  aware, informed, and actively participating in your aim.  Definitely, this would prove that Marbury v. Madison (1803) was a *not* a fuck up.  The Libertarian platform would not reverse that decision, because the Constitution has provided amending provisions, and we can always rectify the errors of shortsightedness.  I mean, the FOIA may be useless, but we *could* always sit here and read the damn thing.  Psychological Warfare is truly the only way to compete with the NSA on this issue.

@_date: 1994-04-14 20:18:29
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: cypherpunks and politics (Re: USWA) 
The point is that  even if you  think anyone  with a viewpoint
opposing yours is automatically stupid and not worth your time
(and I don't think  that  too many of you are that bad off ;),
aren't they at least  worth  using  to  further  something you
believe strongly in? It  might  do  well  to  be   careful  in
alienating   potential  allys  by  flip  political  jokes  and
A couple are sitting on a park bench, and she says to him:
"I'm sorry, Bernie, but my financial planner says you're a non-performing asset and should be dumped!"

@_date: 1994-04-14 21:22:40
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (fwd) If Crippler is a Done Deal, What Next? 
.............since the Digital Telephony Bill and the
initial appearance of the key escrow idea, I have targeted my efforts
not at short-term things like Clipper, but instead at doing things to
make sure that our ability to communicate freely with whomever and in
whatever form we choose is not restricted.
My favored approach is technological, not political.
Short-term things like Clipper, long-term things like the loss of personal control (as in self-determination).
In the degradation of the concept of personal control, making up one's life as though it were one's own project becomes a foreign idea, with communication being but one aspect of the total sacrifice.    It creates the situation of individuals seeing the relationship between themselves and external regulation as a natural constant, rather than as an exceptional & artificial invention; your initiative is always subject to the review of self-appointed superiors, and you can never think of managing your own affairs independently (or express yourself freely) using your own judgement, because there always exists the potential that you might affect others in some way.
There is always a clash between restrictive attempts against, and the ability of technological progress to "empower", the individual.
PGP  (Pretty Good Presentation) of your ideas.

@_date: 1994-04-15 10:28:39
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Safeway + Your Privacy 
Hopefully, someone will have this awful thing happen to them and sue the Shit
out of Safeway for being so negligent. Peter Mc Gowan, the asshole who owns
Safeway, sized down his employees [so his shareholders could make more
millions], . . . . .
These databases are already collecting information every time we do not pay
in cash. Those bar codes record everything. Safeway has taken this a bit
higher, and I only wish I had someone steal my checkbook and take Safeway to
the cleaners.
Now that you know how negligent Safeway is and how their database is being used, you can choose an alternate place to shop for groceries, thus preserving your privacy as well as preventing  the support of their shareholders.

@_date: 1994-04-17 22:25:36
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Warrentless Search 
Another facet of human nature one can trust is 75% of the population will
follow a direct order without much question, given the person issuing the
order appears to have the authority to do so.  ......
It only takes a matter of seconds to organize a concerted team effort to aid the victim- because I am the responsible person.  They are not accountable for their actions anymore in their minds, I am.
This isn't civilization, it's gregarious herd instinct ;)
This isn't herd instinct; it's innocence & ignorance.  If someone can recognize the situation for what it is and has knowledge of what is required, they will proceed to contribute according to their informed judgement.  If they are not sufficiently familiar with the meaning of what they are facing, then they will be amenable to guidance or to the appearance of knowledgeable authority.
If you seem to know what the right thing which needs to be done to correct a problematic situation, they will accept your commands; but if it is recognizable that you don't know what you are talking about or what is apropos, you will lose their following.

@_date: 1994-04-18 17:14:46
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Cypherpunks/extropians list political ideology discussion... 
I just thought I'd interject that the discussion here on laundering
money on the futures market might be a lot more appropriate over on
the extropians mailing list than here on cypherpunks.
No, don't do that -   I'm having fun watching these guys go back & forth.   And I want to see who wins.  Mr. Right, winner of the Dirty Laundry contest.
Besides, no one's mentioned any missing random numbers or anything. . . .

@_date: 1994-04-19 19:35:21
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The Herd Instinct & Response to Authority 
"This shows that, in real situations, people will follow herd instincts
and obey orders."
Herd instincts:  of following together in large numbers, what the rest of the cows are doing or go where the rest of the herd is headed.
The experiments on test subjects were done with individuals who were not aware of what others were doing in the same situation, so they could not have been imitating anyone's behavior.  So it was a demonstration of something else, that being mostly their state of ignorance, or their deficient knowledge (of morality, of pain, of the meaning of what they see, hear, etc.).    I would suspect that this was because they grew up without sufficient opportunity to exercise  independent judgement or develop their own self-directing abilities.
I think "herd instincts" are in the eyes of the beholder.
[so he said...]  "We better be DAMN careful who we put in authority in this country."

@_date: 1994-04-21 10:57:08
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
I have an appointment with my State Senator Friday to talk to him about telnet access from basic phone service becoming a State Right of residents.
How do you have time to keep up with the list, what with talking to reporters from ABC & other media, consorting with Senators, changing the educational style of your public school systems, and single-handedly revitalizing the economy while changing the industry to a technological base in a state with limited water resources?  And all this form Wyoming!
Also, with the infusion of a centralized industry and the establishment of basic phone rights, how would you maintain your position as one of Barlow's revolutionary compadres?
(Just wondering.)

@_date: 1994-04-21 12:47:56
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
I have been racking my brain trying to remember who is John Barlow.  I know
I've heard his name come up before this mini-thread.
Can someone please 'splain?
He's one of the revolutionary founders of EFF, and pre-revolutionary lyricist for the Grateful Dead.

@_date: 1994-04-22 14:42:42
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: DId you ever think... 
No I didn't.  I'll see Phil Zimmerman tomorrow in Boulder.  I'm sure he'll
find your conjecture ludicrous.
What is PZ doing in Boulder tomorrow?  Besides that ludicrous conjecture, what others will you be discussing with him?

@_date: 1994-04-25 15:43:28
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
Anyone interested in liberty or politics should have read "Obedience to
Authority" in which the results of this experiment are reported for
popular consumption.
Helps you understand "how they could do that" when confronted with
Q:  In this book, does it say whether the test subjects were asked about their thoughts on this?   Did they provide an explanation, from their own point of view, for their obedience or what they understood about the objective of the experiment - before & after?

@_date: 1994-04-26 13:31:43
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
We have as much responsibility as Milgram to consider the likely results if we succeed.  It will be a different world, and, we hope, a better one.  But some things will be worse, of that there is little doubt.  We must constantly weigh the bad against the good and take actions on that basis, rather than blindly and unthinkingly seeking to push the envelope just to see what happens.
I was thinking that perhaps Phil Zimmerman is under "fire" at this time because the powers-that-be have concluded that he pushed the envelope of liberty to an unacceptable degree; that he has been categorized by them as having taken a "bad" action without forethought in regard of the adverse consequences which will befall society, if everyone is in full possession of their very own secret code.
Reading what Hal said earlier about PhilZ's qualities of character, I was thinking - if this is the kind of person whom they would define as a criminal, that his actions would be considered irresponsible and damaging, then it makes sense that from their perspective he should be subjected to investigation and prosecution (persecution?).
Were their concerns based on the fact that he has introduced a dangerous tool into the "herd"?
Was it that he had overstepped the boundaries of the authority allowed to him as a citizen unit?
Was it that they feel threatened by what he represents to them in the kind of person he is (not respecting of their authority), or by the situation which was created when he made available his software to all?
I'm examining the perspective from which one makes conclusions about human actions per se;  how decisions about which actions to take depend upon how one interprets the situation.
This discussion originally developed from the question of whether humans have herd instincts and whether this explains their behavior in the face of "authority".   In a herd, the bovines don't have much room to see beyond the next cow, and it would be difficult to see why those in front will go in one direction or another, but it would be easy to follow along based on the presumption that the ones at the front who have the better view will also know why what direction to take better than those stuck somewhere in the middle.
This experiment was a contrived fabrication, an 'experiment'.  The information available about it was mostly limited to what the researcher provided, and some exaggerated behavior from the actors (I guess it was mostly sound?).  I expect that the test subjects believed that the 'tortured ones' were in consent to being subjected to the supposed suffering with which they were being inflicted (right?), unlike a real circumstance wherein the torture would have been repelled and the participants would have had no cause to deliver it.  In real life, there must be cause for behavior - things must make sense to the person who is interpreting the situation and making decisions about what to do.
personal responsibility even under stressful circumstances; on the other hand, the above example presents good argument for authoritative types who think it is necessary to lead people around by the nose because otherwise, it is claimed, they will not be able to make good moral decisions when left to their own devices (or Phil Zimmerman's devices).  That they should be subject to an external authority because they cannot be trusted to know when to accept responsibility.

@_date: 1994-04-26 15:37:37
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
If we go down the path of worrying about "psychic pain" inflicted on
others, then how can we operate in a world of failed marriages and
relationships, of hurt feelings, and of other such psychic damages?
What about the psychic trauma caused by Clipper?
You could probably make a case for that, in terms of psychological warfare, given the current attitudes.

@_date: 1994-04-27 10:13:56
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
Privacy 101 -   < daily affirmation from DF deleted >
--- WinQwk 2.0b
What does "WinQwk 2.0b   stand for?
Blanc

@_date: 1994-04-28 19:51:18
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
(from an earlier post)
In so far as the law is a matter of perspective, I think everyone should
try to embrace the concepts of the law, and in particular, the constitution.
(from the above named post)
Yes, I'm tired of the issue [of the political aspects of crypto] being framed as a crime problem that needs political attention through law enforcement when in actuality it is a
question of regulation and domestic policy.
I'm not seeing the consistency in embracing the concepts of the law, while questioning the regulation of crypto through law enforcement.
It all rather looks the same to me: political attention-> law enforcement-> regulation-> domestic policy.

@_date: 1994-04-29 19:47:05
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
Uni: "The hinge question is what I, or you, mean by "concepts of law."
What I understand by concepts of law is "methods of coercion & constraint".
Uni: ". . . In my framework, I feel it is consistent to embrace the
constitution and its doctrine while still resisting regulation."
In my earlier statement, that "I'm not seeing the consistency in embracing the concepts of the law, while questioning the regulation of crypto through law enforcement",  I was contrasting endorsing the use of coercion while at the same time resisting its use.
In the framework of a lot of legislators, they would appear to embrace the doctrine of the Constitution while yet substituting mindless coercion for intelligent understanding of the intent of the Constitution. I don't think that it was the intent of this document to establish a more perfect government by those means.
What is regulation, but the threat of the use of coercion & constraint?
What is a domestic policy which does not involve regulation?
That which is being regulated must appear to require this from having a potential for crime, in which case isn't this why it would be classified as a "crime problem" needing "political attention through law enforcement" (from their perspective)?

@_date: 1994-04-29 20:34:42
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
"If the federal government mixes the recipe with too much power, the
checks against tyranny established by the Constitution threaten to
topple.  It is this that worries me.  It is this that worried the
framers.  Should we dismiss their genius because it is old?  Because it
did not bear the unanimous mandate of the people?"
It is not that the genius or the their document should be dismissed; it is only to understand that written works do not produce automatic effects of their own power, and that therefore the Constitution cannot be looked to by the general population as an automatic savior which will release them from the grip of tyranny.
No matter what guidance the original document provides, each generation, each era, each individual must still do the work of thinking, reasoning, and determining their own fate, and they must again agree among themselves whether to accept that contract or reject it.  Or improve upon it.
The current structure of government is modelled after the Constitution, but the substance of it makes no sense accordingly.  If the federal government mixes the recipe with too much power, it is because they want it there and mean to increase it according to a self-benefitting bias towards it.
"One must remember that power was surrendered to the federal government
by the people and the states conditioned upon limits."
Patrick Henry warned everyone that once they had surrendered to it the power of the purse and the power of the sword, there would be no power left to them with which to save themselves from it.  So who would be respecting those limits?

@_date: 1994-08-01 09:28:43
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Big Brother's Escrow Systems 
Humm. Do Microsoft shareholders know that the company is being run
in order to empower folks, as oppposed to making money? I must confess
that I was (until now) unaware of that.
Shareholders only know that software with uncalculable benefits is being produced & being widely accepted for no discernible reason, with profit being an unintended side effect which they can take advantage of.
[Disclaimer:   I can't represent my employer from here, but wait till I get my own pc.]

@_date: 1994-08-06 11:53:49
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (none) 
So, that's "who cypherpunks". :-)
I really meant to ask 'where cypherpunks'.   It had been a whole day & more without the hordes messages and my day seemed empty, without code or purpose, lacking controversy & jibber jabber.

@_date: 1994-08-06 13:40:30
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: What are Appropriate Topics? 
"As for pure crypto being discussed on the list, there's a fair amount
of that. I've posted my share of explanations of zero knowledge proof
systems, dining cryptographers protocols, complexity theory, etc. I'm
not saying this to defend myself, per se, but to note that these
topics produced almost no discussion, almost no interest. Make of this
what you will."
"* what happens to tax collection in an era of unbreakable cyphers?
  * how will the state react?"
* what's really holding back the spread of digital cash?
* where do we go from here?
"..."Cypherpunks write code" is just one manifestation of the idea that we can actually change the world through the technological development of privacy-enhancing systems..."
I have seen some of Tim's ideas for future possibilities in terms of things which could come to pass or could be achieved, but I realized that I have not seen anything from him to indicate any projects which he is actually working on to bring these about.  You do communicate a lot of information & ideas and do much work of explaining & clarifying fuzzy areas, which is excellent & valuable, but it still waits for others to put together the actual parts & pieces of things, if they are to be brought into actual existence as functional systems which can be employed and which can affect future conditions. "For want of a horseshoe, the war was lost."
I would like to read more on what you have to say about this, as you are the pre-eminent poster on the list who likes to digress into abstract discussion.

@_date: 1994-08-06 14:01:47
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
What does it mean to speak of a government in cyberspace?  It is the government in physical space I fear.  Its agents carry physical guns which shoot real bullets.
Good point.
What does it mean to speak of governance (or 'govenment') at all?
Questions I would seek to have the answers to, in making decisions about government per se:
.  Who or what is to be governed?
.  What is inimical/destructive and to be regulated/prevented,
    or what is sacred which is to be upheld?
.  How will anyone come to know the difference?
   What difference does it really make (to anyone in the real world)?
.  Who is to do all the work of preventing or upholding
   (how do they qualify for the job)?
.  What is to be done about non-conformists to the rules
   (without contradicting the rules?)
.  When did you realize that you were an absolute authority on the subject?

@_date: 1994-08-19 10:41:06
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: \"they\" and Real Bullets 
The c'punks vote on continuing the "they" topic:
1 yes
1 maybe
1 no
2^512,000 plonks
The "plonks" have it, but to hell with them.
For continuing the System:
Against it:
The ayes have it, but who cares about 'them'.
Or their system.

@_date: 1994-08-22 12:28:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? (Not) 
It's not the case that any use of force defines a government.  It _is_
the case that only government pretends to be the sole arbiter of who may
use force, and how much they may use.
There must exist cause which would inspire the use of force by an individual, and there should exist just cause for the use of it by a government as well.
Realistically there should be a recognition of when it might be logical to resort to violence against another human, whether as an individual or as a group.
Only a government pretends to be the sole arbiter of who may use force; of course, everyone is supposed to have agreed on what justifies the use of it, but this is interpreted to mean that individuals themselves are not considered wise enough to make that decision at home alone.  So they're back to a defense-less state against potentially overwhelming odds.

@_date: 1994-08-22 15:29:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Unauthorized Advertising Attempt 
The Citizen-Unit known as Timothy C. May is a well-known subversive given to the wide dissemination of disinformation and not expected to comply with Authorities, regulations, or advertising fee schedules.
There is no mistaking him:   in our exhaustive search through all the phone books on the National Database, there was only one.
~ Data

@_date: 1994-08-25 20:52:31
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Alt.Cryptids.Plonk.Plonk.Plonk. 
I was just counting them, and realized:
If you knew that you were in someone's kill file, and that only those who were also members of that illustrious group were the kind who would reply in reference to those who had put them there, those banished ones could talk about their censors in front of everybody and the censors ones would never know, although everybody else would.   Secret expressions unconcealed.
[cryptid:  from cryptozoology  -  creatures whose existence has not been substantiated.]

@_date: 1994-08-31 14:43:21
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Anonymity & reputation as assets:
Besides the question of trustworthiness, another problem I see with
anonymous escrow agents applies more generally to any form of
anonymous business.  Anonymity makes sense to me for the individual.
Each person manages his own affairs and he can keep secret or reveal
what he wants.  But at the business level it is going to be much
harder to keep the same level of secrecy.
...what good would assets do if they can't be traced? More generally,
reputation capital is what they need, not physical assets.
I'm not seeing the relationship of these two concepts of anonymity in conjunction with reputation.
How could such attributes co-exist?
Can they really function successfully together for both the agent & their client:  how could one individual or escrow agent be both unknowable and yet depend upon reputation capital to go on?  To have reputation means that one's behavior from the past must be known & evaluated for future interactions, but to be anonymous means that their client will not know who that particular entity is with whom they is dealing:
so would this like doing business with God, where you only know what s/he's *supposed* to deliver, but never really know who it is wot does the deed, or whether there really is one?

@_date: 1994-08-31 16:17:27
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Oooopppps   -   I meant to say
"...but to be anonymous means that their client will not know who that particular entity is with whom they {are} dealing"

@_date: 1994-12-01 09:57:34
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Mandatory sig workaround 
My priorities on this are to get myself set up
for signing.  Then I need to get a recognizer written, then to hack
vacation to use alternate database files, then to get my own personal
resource list compiled, then to set my personal nagware.  Only after
all that do I intend to alter the list.
...................................................................... Me too  -  I'll sign my posts when I'm good & ready.

@_date: 1994-12-01 10:21:50
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
These discussions on the interest of power are fascinating to me.  So
many of them do not take into account my own desires to create a
useful discussion forum, which desires bind me tighter than any law
ever could.  There are some very interesting implications of this _de
facto_ solipsism to achievement of equilibria in games with iterated
Eric is so cool for starting a flame war about his authority, on his very semi-own list.   Turn-around is fair play, do unto others, and all that.
For myself, I list below some items of importance which I would look for in deciding whether to participate with expectations of complicity to any given 'rules':
.  advance knowledge of the requirements & procedures
.  whether they are consistent with the purpose they serve
.  whether there has been an intelligent argument presented which would convince me that it is more advantageous to do as expected, than not
.  that there have been means provided to be able to follow through, or that
.  there has been information provided on how to obtain the means needed for follow through
.  that information is available on how to overcome the obstacles & difficulties which could prevent adherence to the given requirements
i.e.,  that those who place certain requirements upon membership also make it possible to comply with them by preparing the way, making it easy to do so and providing sufficient appeal to make it worth the trouble.

@_date: 1994-12-13 12:03:59
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: James vs. Eric 
Eric & James, how about taking the "You're flaming me !" "No, I'm just
insulting you !" portion of this debate to private email ?  I sincerely
doubt that very many people on the list give a damn about any of the above
Actually, I find it mildly amusing, myself, in between the Netscape thing, and I'm also picking up on logic, game theory, and white spaces.
Except I don't know what "De mortuis mentis, nil nisi Latinum" means ("the brain dead can't understand Latin"?)

@_date: 1994-02-07 18:20:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
"I'm not sure their economics can float that well either - if it costs
$500M to build, and holds 1000 people, that means $500K/person....
Maybe they're looking at more people or less money.
Nice T-Shirts and promo material, though."
Does it not seem that they are putting more effort into the publicity, marketing, & attraction of money for support of this virtual country, than into the establishment of other fundamentals?  Like: setting up an alternative currency & banking system, the manner of conducting business with the rest of the conventional world, and resolving the many little problems that would be of concern when living under such

@_date: 1994-02-14 13:49:12
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
* intend to use these tools, or is your interest only theoretical?
.  I would use the tools when these became essential; in my circumstance, not necessarily every day (not yet)
.  It also would depend on the tools; they presently appear unreliable, *how much you are willing to reorganize your life in order to take advantage of these techniques.
.  It wouldn't take much adjusting to go from the potential to the actual based on my inclinations, if the techniques are convincingly effective in serving to enhance the possibilities in the real world, without making it too difficult to continue to interact with it.  Is it secrecy alone which could accomplish this?  I would agreeable to experiment with prototypes in order to work on real solutions which are effective in making the separation from the present attachment to government-regulated toolboxes.
 *what factors would increase or decrease your use of cryptographic products and services.
.  depends on how desperate the situation has become (how socialist & coercive)
.  the kind of equipment required (what special items; what cost)
.  portability; mobility (can I use any phone anywhere; do I need to take a laptop with me or would there be an "ATM" type card to use; how, where)
.  ease of use (I don't write code, I don't know Unix; automated set-ups & procedures)
.  conflicts or difficulties in coordinating procedures with the rest of the world, or at least wherever I may be at the time
.  these are all dependent on electricity,
.  the electric/utility companies are not anarchist
.  power outages & access during those times
.  what problems would one face with the government from the use of such tools; how apparent could it become that one is using a system which operates within "their" territory, yet outside of their influence
.  what if they find out; do I call EFF
*creating a digital bank/open an account in a digital bank:
.  just how would digital money be translated (exchanged) into other currency when needed it,
.  so that it would be possible to do business with those who are not also using digital cash;  what sort of interactions between differing systems to expect, to deal with
.  who would 'man' the bank (if it matters)
.  where would it be located (do we need to know)
.  what if it's raining & cold outside (ha-ha)
Basically, regarding digital banks & currency, I'm interested in any alternatives to the present situation, but am not very knowledgeable of just how these procedures would work or be managed, so that a customer like myself would understand what they were doing (follow the reasoning) and be confident that they could manage their accounts; also, how the value of this kind of 'cash' is established (relative to what?).

@_date: 1994-02-22 12:59:54
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: the black budget 
"It took the Colonists several decades to get worked up enough to fight
a war.  We're only halfway through an equivalent time period.
And I don't want to change the situation only with crypto, but also
with public speech."
Would you elaborate?  Earlier, Tim May said something about using "the active spreading of
disinformation about the compromise of the key escrow system" as part of the attempt to "Actively Sabotage Clipper and Capstone" (title of his message).
What sort of public speeches would you (or others) make (to whom)?
(Just curious)

@_date: 1994-02-22 20:02:00
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: the black budget 
The statement someone earlier made (I don't remember by who) that "The black budget is taxation without representation.", could be restated to indicate that it is taxation without *true* representation, for all the reasons that many subscribers to this list would already be aware of (if there was true representation, there would be some rather anarchistic congressmen & IRS agents in office).
Which reminds me -   "In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream".
(In the space between some people's ears, that is.)
In the best circumstances, open & honest speaking would be more profitably addressed to an audience possessed of an active intelligence that is interested in knowing & comprehending the actual & its consequences.
I didn't see, in Tim's reply to my question about the spreading of "disinformation", where what he relates represents that (perhaps because I'm not very knowedgable regarding some of the 'facts' mentioned);  it actually seems to me to be an unfortunate label to apply to all of these efforts, since they are offered in a concern for, and in consideration of, the consequences to everyone's personal interest - privacy.  Whether the picture is "blown up" to appear to be worse than it looks, presently, seems moot, since it should be easy to imagine what could happen in the future even if these invasive plans are not yet in effect; i.e., just what such a scenario purports for the situation here in the US and everywhere else.  The future truth could be more fearsome than any present, alarming fictionalization.  (But, then, I'm prepared to imagine.)

@_date: 1994-02-23 19:23:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "Surveillance is Security," says Winston May 
Please understand that these proposals have a few rought edges in
implementation that need to be worked out, but their "hearts are in
the right places." Under Big Bro's boot, that is.
War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Surveillance is Security!
You Have Been Assimilated,  We are All One!  Defection into Self Reliance is a Crime!

@_date: 1994-02-27 20:23:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Civil Rights 
As I read the contribution from Jim Choate on the subject of "rights", I had some further thoughts & comments on the subject.  Please delete if you don't care;  it doesn't address cryptology directly, but some of you *are* interested, and if you have further comments please just send to me and copy only those others who also have expressed interest.           ~ Blanc
Seems to me that a 'right' as is being discussed should be 'Civil Right'.
When used in this context I believe a suitable definition would be the
Civil Right
A characteristic granted to a citizen of a country which is beyond the normal
law making ability of that countries governing body. In effect it grants a
citizen the ability to make decisions and act on them without regulation or
permission being required by the government. It in effect says that there are
certain facets of an individual which are outside the normal operations of a
government and can not be regulated or otherwise controlled through
legistlative means.
It is true that the term a "right" can mean different things, depending on how one is considering the word & its meaning; in terms of a governed society, the meaning should be considered within the context of action as limited by agreement/consent, as something that involves the group's assessment of what is to be allowed (or not) within the organization; what permission will be granted and by whom, for what purpose, considering the consequences to all involved.
The ability to determine what shall be considered a "right" depends upon the knowledge and intelligence of those who can make such decisions, who can achieve a comprehensive view of the situation and put individual action into perspective within this sweeping view.  Given such a requirement, I would question the order of things, in concluding what the proper source is for the establishment of what these right should be, and give serious examination to the interpretation of what the actual nature of our circumstance is, (within the context of a society "under" government, but with liberty & justice for all, etc.).
It is a bit difficult to make a succinct sentence which comprises all of my thoughts into a few sentences, I hope the above is not too difficult to understand.   Not to make an example of Jim's contribution, but it just so happened that going through the sentences in the paragraph offered by him, I found concepts which I see as sources ripe for confusion & contention:
A characteristic granted.......
elected to
is created
thought to come
the pursuit of
interest are
...it grants a citizen the ability to make decisions and act on them without regulation or
permission being required by the government......
...there are certain facets of an individual which are outside the normal operations of a
government . . . . .
individual are
of my life,
being first, rather
...certain facets of an individual... cannot be regulated or otherwise controlled through
legistlative means . . .
existing outside the
legislation only
to someone if
one's own).
themselves as
correct way to
not control my
because it has
this fear and
cause/effect that we live
terms with if we want to
of legislation: that we
association with each
lives, before we worry
is set towards group
the other direction.
Gosh, I'm so glad everyone on this list is crypto-anarchist and can appreciate the fine details of anti-government analyses.        ~   finis   ~

@_date: 1994-02-28 18:42:38
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: ditz in office 
Why do you think that there would have been no difference?   Do you not belive that Andre/Nancy (or any other Libertarian types) would *not* have taken a different stance towards:  take your pick, but relevant to cypherpunks, about Clipper & the other surveillance plans?
I'm still reasonably satisfied to have voted for Clinton. I don't think
any of this stuff would have been any different if any other candidate had
been elected.

@_date: 1994-07-01 09:33:22
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Devil's Advocate 
I'm not so kind as others on this list.
I think people should live consistent with their philosophy and what they advocate.
Many times arguments are useless and only experience serves to convince.
I wouldn't try to convert another from their faith just because it would do me good.
As long as it's possible to find alternate methods of doing the same thing (in this case achieving privacy), I wouldn't try too hard to save Liberals from themselves.
I think they deserve to use Clipper.

@_date: 1994-07-01 14:17:04
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Illegal Acts & Crypto 
Some collected thoughts & misc. impressions:
Images of the psychology of crypto-users:
.  scurrying around like rats, hiding in the dark from regular interactions (regular = unconcerned)
.  fear of being onesself in the light, lacking courage
.  having a view of life which is not trusting, but suspicious and cynical
.  not identifying with the group, therefore keeping things from them, something akin to hoarding & not sharing (closed to the other members of the society, rather than open)
.  not necessarily "officially"  illegal, but generally not  really  "one of us", as in hypocritical -  "with us, but not *of* us"
i.e., an individual, having separated themselves from the group from the use of an individuating tool/mechanism.
Encrypted Info (Positive):
.  being particular & specific, exclusive ("for your eyes only")
.  channelling the sent info to arrive at the intended destination only
.  limited to those involved, rather than diffused throughout to others for whom it is meaningless or without value; relevancy
.  the info being the product of one's Own (mind, purpose), therefore also being the prerogative of one's own judgement to determine its Encrypted Info (Negative):
.  fear that it *will* involve others, having a negative, destructive potential to harm innocents
.  fear of not being able to control the developments from these and from its larger counterpart, organized "crime"
.  trying to beat them to the punch instead of having to deal with the .  inadequacy of preparations for dealing with the element of surprise in cases of destructive, harmful influences:
Consequential Circumstance:
.  insufficient self-reliance, having to wait for the cavalry to come over the hill to save oneself.
.  having to maintain a relationship with the saviours (the managers & real owners of the general welfare) which maintains the individual in a dependent, subordinate, infantile state

@_date: 1994-07-01 17:42:03
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Politics and crypto 
The political Left had the belief that while you, an individual, should have the right to do what you want with your body. . ., they wanted to control what you did with your money. . . The political Right had the belief that you should have the right to do what you want with your money . . , but not with your body. . .  .
....programs such as healthcare, Clipper, national ID cards, national information infrastructures,
and so forth are all direct yet subtle attacks on such basic freedoms. It creates both the motive *and* mechanism for tyrrany.
enemies; it would be useful to be able to distinguish enemies from friends, but this is not an easy task when everyone's philosophies & politics are so mixed up  & inconsistent & counterproductive.
it's "every man for himself"; i.e. -  anything which helps individual, independent competence is a valuable & valid pursuit.

@_date: 1994-07-02 19:37:51
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: A third voice re: science and spirit 
...  I don't know if you have been around
     many research-type psychologists, but they can be every bit as
     neurotic as you imply :-)
This is sort of amusing:

@_date: 1994-07-02 19:41:16
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: A third voice re: science and spirit 
OOps  -   sorry, I sent that message to the wrong list.

@_date: 1994-07-04 13:23:56
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: ACAPULCO H.E.A.T. 
Gooder News:	Lots of shots of Alison Armitage in swim suits.
Oh, good.  I feel safer now.

@_date: 1994-07-04 14:30:10
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: A third voice re: science and spirit 
"Ingore"?  Is that anything like an "AlGore"?  Is that a verb to
describe the state of the country, as in "we've just been
Could be, if you want it to be.
But it could also be part of some shocking, nonsensical AlGoreYTHM.

@_date: 1994-07-04 14:40:51
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Detweiler clone at WSJ 
There!  That should protect us from all the creeps in the world.  Of
course, there will be a few anarchist crybabies who will call these
measures fascist, and a few victims of the new openess...(etc)
Don't laugh -  they'll probably agree these are really good ideas.   The author might even commend you for being so thorough and stringing them together to make such a complete package.

@_date: 1994-07-06 11:51:03
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Windows for Workgroups 3.11 
Mike Ingle sent out an inquiry in May about public-key encryption in WinFax 4.0 in Microsoft at Work.  This is the reply which I received from someone here:
We don't use D-H (Diffie Hellman is what I assume you were referring to) at all.
We pick a 64 bit random number to RC4 with and send the number encrypted with an RSA key...
I have made an inquiry specifically about WfW 3.11, but it may be a few days before I get a reply.

@_date: 1994-07-06 12:01:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: FW: A third voice re: science and spirit 
"Ingore"?  Is that anything like an "AlGore"?  Is that a verb to
describe the state of the country, as in "we've just been
Could be, if you want it to be.
But it could also be part of some shocking, nonsensical AlGoreYTHM.

@_date: 1994-07-07 08:47:23
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Windows for Workgroups 3.11 
Below is the reply which I received internally on the question of whether WfW uses RSA:
[The following can be distributed outside of Microsoft, and redistributed thereafter, as long as it remains unaltered and is reproduced in it's entirety, including this header]
In the Windows for Workgroups 3.11 fax enhancement, we provide the ability to send "email format" messages over fax.  These are messages that do not lose their original format during faxing, so that they are still editable (ie: if you send a Microsoft Word document, the receiver gets an actual Microsoft Word document, not just printed pages).  One feature of this format is that we allow security enhancements to be applied to the message before transmission.  These enhancements are encryption (either secret key or public key) and signature (based on public key).  I will describe a bit about how we implement these features.
1> Secret key encryption
a password (of as long a lenght as the user desires, composed of characters with ASCII values 1 through 255) and we hash it down to 64 bits.  These 64 bits are used to encrypt the message (including all attachments, text, properties, etc) using RSA's RC4 algorithm.  A header is then placed on the message with sufficient information for routing (subject, sender, receiver, time stamps, as well as a marker identifying the encryption type).  The receiver enters the password to decrypt (the same as the encrypting password), and we verify that the password is correct by decrypting the message and seeing if it's valid (ie: has the right internal structure to be a mail message).
2> Public key encryption
pairs are 512-bit RSA key pairs.  The private part is stored encrypted (with the user's "fax security" password) on the user's hard drive, and the public part is stored in plain (binary form).  The user exchanges his public keys with other users in various ways.  If the user sends a fax with public key encryption, we first generate a random 64 bit number, and encrypt the message with RC4 using that number (similar to password encryption above).  We then scatter the 64 bits in a 64 byte (randomly initialized) buffer and encrypt that buffer using RSA's RSA encryption scheme, using both the sender's private key and the recipient's public key.  We then send the encrypted message and header containing routing information and the 64 byte block.  The recipient performs a similar operation, using his private and the sender's public key to obtain the 64 bit "secret key", and then decrypting the message.
3> Digital signature
we provide a method for digitally signing attachments.  Microsoft Mail allows the entering of plain text into a message, as well as the embedding of entire files.  It is these files which we sign.  Signature is accomplished by computing a 128 bit hash of the file using RSA's MD5 message digest algorithm.  This 128 bit hash is then embedded in a 64 byte buffer, and it is encrypted using the sender's private key.  The buffer (along with some header information) is pre-pended to the document, and it's extension is changed to .aws, so that our applet to view signatures is called upon double clicking or "running" the signed document.  Anyone receiving the document can see the validity of the signatures (by hashing themselves, and then decrypting the stored hash).  If you sign a signed document, the signatures are cumulative, so multiple people can sign the same document.  Signatures are either valid (hashes match), invalid (hashes differ), or unverifyable (you don't have the sender's public key).
--Michael Ginsberg, Software Design Engineer, Microsoft Corporation.
mikegins at microsoft.com

@_date: 1994-07-08 16:35:03
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: BSD random() - any good (source included) 
.02 cents from one of the 700:
If you look at this rationaly all the discussion about pedophilia, eff,
nsa policy, etc. is really not directly related to crypto and coding.
.  The NSA thinks so.
.  You said:  coding is not done in a vaccuum.
.  Eric Hughes did say he prefers the list to be cultured (inclusive of related topics).
.  I must sympathize with those who don't have filtering agents and must pay for extensive messages in their mailboxes.

@_date: 1994-07-11 09:36:17
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Mass forwards vs. pointers 
Does anyone have a FAQ (or a brainstorm) on how to route Microsoft Mail
messages to appropriate folders based on message content?
1.  You can use the Message Finder feature in MS Mail to collect all of the messages, say To: "cypherpunks" and then move all of these to a folder.  You can also select all the email sent directly to your name or to a specific alias, read these, and continue searching the inbox this way for messages groups.
2.  There's a software program from Beyond Incorported called WinRules 1.0, which will filter incoming messages according to who the message is From, To, CC, words in content, attachments, etc. and route them to folders, optionally popping up a message or a sound as a folder receives email throughout the day.  It also has some other neat features which you can set to deal with email traffic.

@_date: 1994-07-11 17:53:16
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Why to Care about Others' Security 
Advocating allowance for personal methods of achieving security establishes acceptance of the idea intellectually, and there can be many philosophical conflicts on that point with the Feds (and others).  Because although you may have the tools,  if the Feds have their way, no one would be allowed to use them (except surreptitiously).
If there is available a good product, which works well, which can be used for the purpose of obtaining personal security (apart from what a government can offer) then individuals will want to use it when they see/feel the need for it.  They will seek it because it's there.
Making useful products which work will contribute to the end of finding ways to "give" other people security;  they can't get it if there is not a way or a means to implement it.

@_date: 1994-07-12 19:40:30
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "True Names," chat with Vinge, and Cypherpunks 
Sorry if this message seems too personal, but I felt the urge to
Oh, that's okay    -    I wasn't doing anything, anyway.

@_date: 1994-07-13 13:34:39
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Ordering White House docs via email 
SENT 04-16-94 FROM EBERWEIN_BILL     From the White House (President at whitehouse.gov)
     Our electronic communications project has been structured in
three phases.  Phase One established the Internet address, so
that we could begin receiving electronic mail.  Phase Two now
provides a means for interested parties to receive White House
publications.  The goal of Phase Three, which we hope to achieve
soon, is to respond electronically to the substance of incoming
     Now that Phase Two of our project is complete, we are proud
to announce the Internet address for obtaining White House
documents and publications.  The address is:
               publications at whitehouse.gov
To receive instructions, please send a message to
publications at whitehouse.gov (**do not "reply" to the memo you are
now reading**).  In the body of your message, type "Send Info"
(without quotes); no other text is necessary.  The instructions
will be sent to you automatically.
--- END ---

@_date: 1994-07-14 12:37:40
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: ID card from hell 
I basically agree with Duncan's noble sentiments. I just don't think
it likely  that the "What about the tourists?" argument will stop the
national ID juggernaut once it begins to move.
And I can imagine be that tourists, especially, would be the special focus for ID cards and databases, since they evoke all sorts of fears of foreigners - not only the problems which Tim mentioned, but also of international crime, espionage, terrorism, etc.
It could easily become very important to establish databases to maintain records on people who have ever entered the U.S., so that that there would be a reference for any questionable activities requiring this kind of info.  I know some of these things are already in existence, but not yet like the kind which would be set up if the nationalization of IDs became accepted.
And if governments become very concerned about commercial protectionism, they might accept the idea of ID cards for control of traffic, from their competing national interests.
This is a great interest of mine, regarding the package deals which are a part of being an automatic member of a country/political system -  the national "identity" which makes one subject to whatever system of operations the ruling class decides to implement.   If one could make oneself "irrelevant" to the location where one was at the time - either from having an established residence elsewhere, or from having no declared membership/citizenship anywhere, I would think this would eliminate some of the regional, political administrations of policy which would otherwise apply.  But with IDs and databases and closed door protectionist policies, this appears impossible.
I haven't read "The Shockwave Rider", but I shall; hopefully it will have imaginative (& realistic) scenarios on these possibilities (many sci-fi books are too remotely far off in fantasy-time than realizable in a near-future time scale.)

@_date: 1994-07-15 14:09:48
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: ID card from hell 
It is perfectly possible to have a rich full life even though you disobey
your nation state.  You need not even be an outcast any longer.  There are
*other* communities in which you can find full acceptance and support
*without* having to move.
But it isn't the acceptance of a small group which is the problem  - it is the effects of the macrocosm upon the minor element ("tribe", group, or just individual):
It is that you must live in their re-arrangements of reality more and more, and in the actual reality less and less;  one's own area of authority is constantly reduced, replaced by their overriding decisions.
First they nationalize your possessions, then your mind:  but it can also be done the other way:  while everyone is freely engaging in commercial transactions across national boundaries, in the background everyone is being corralled into a national identity scheme by which they can be made responsive to the "needs of the State" (legitimate law enforcement, etc.)  It's not so much the fact that everyone is identifiable individually for every place they go and everything they purchase, etc. which is so much the issue (at least for me);  it is that the connection to the Holy Leadership is always maintained, like a tether  -  you always know, psychologically, to whom you are attached and to whom therefore, you must surrender your money, your time, your identity card........
It's just continous war.  I appreciate the tips which Duncan provides, even if they're inconvenient and don't work for everyone.  There oughta be a FAQ for Hitchhikers on the Galaxy, on "How to Live Among Them".

@_date: 1994-07-17 17:57:47
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: uh... excuse me 
"....maybe I should leave. You guys seem a little too paranoid for my tastes."
It's not paranoia, it's just that LD is always trying to induce the list members into self-incrimination:  he intends to evoke crowd-gathering behavior wherein they will all betray their true nature, true motives, true attitudes.  He doesn't believe that they deserve as much credit as they seem to give themselves and wants to reveal to them, by their actual responses, what they would deny in public.  He doesn't think that they have all that much respect for privacy, but are only opportunists bent on only their own advantage, rather than supporting the principle of privacy per se (even for their enemies, who could as well use the available methods against them).
Everyone always knows what his true aims are, though, and no one    ever   gives him any slack.

@_date: 1994-07-17 18:03:25
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Nixon, Johnson, and the Dollar 
"When the government makes any announcement (ESPECIALLY a denial), you
should figure out what the government is trying to get you to do. . . . . . "
I think this is what is called "providing incentive"  or in corporate-speak,  "incentivization" (when they make an announcement and you take the kind of action which they intended you should).

@_date: 1994-07-17 18:23:48
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: ACAPULCO H.E.A.T. 
Thinking about card games & privacy/technology issues (eliminating el Fabuloso for a minute):
It would be interesting to see TV shows with real-life crypto scenarios, demonstrating the advantages of using it and how it prevents the bad guys ("them") from intruding upon the free movement, the private property, etc. of the hero-winners.   "It's just me and my code (and my public key. . . . and my pc....and my laser gun) against the world, winning against the odds....."
But it probably wouldn't be as interesting as an exotic melange of Iran/Iraquis, renegade biologists, casinos, blackjack, etc. (not to mention bikinis).

@_date: 1994-07-18 12:54:19
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: pseudonyms and such 
I'm sure if someone had mailed this sue person, and politey explained why they
felt her posts to be inappropriate, she would have changed her behavior.
FYI,  I did write to the "sue person" and explained further about list subjects & LD's subjects, and received the reply  that (among other things):
If nym at netcom.com is not LD, then it should be that he/she will hold true to their word.

@_date: 1994-07-19 12:18:15
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Federal Control of Financial Transactions 
Some comments on Duncan's post:
All of the arguments which he proposes against reasons why the government can't succeed are true and accurate; however, it is one of those things where "you know and I know, but *they* don't know"......
The examples which you relate of government failures from inefficiency, etc. have been proven time and again in history, but in that case why does history keep repeating itself, in slightly different variations.
"......why doesn't Clinton impose wage and price controls, exchange controls,
tariffs, and a full-blown industrial policy?"
If he can succeed in implementing the Health Plan, and if the National ID were accepted, that would probably next on his agenda (if he were to be re-elected  [2 more years]).
One saving grace from all the discussions which are going on of the above projects is that they presently are just discussions, and if they could just be kept discussing these things, none of them will ever be accomplished.  By the time the discussions are finished, everyone will have version 10.x of every computer app and all companies will be "virtual".

@_date: 1994-07-19 13:17:32
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Federal Control of Financial Transactions 
Some comments on Duncan's post:
All of the arguments which he proposes against reasons why the government can't succeed are true and accurate; however, it is one of those things where "you know and I know, but *they* don't know"......
The examples which you relate of government failures from inefficiency, etc. have been proven time and again in history, but in that case why does history keep repeating itself, in slightly different variations.
"......why doesn't Clinton impose wage and price controls, exchange controls,
tariffs, and a full-blown industrial policy?"
If he can succeed in implementing the Health Plan, and if the National ID were accepted, that would probably next on his agenda (if he were to be re-elected  [2 more years]).
One saving grace from all the discussions which are going on of the above projects is that they presently are just discussions, and if they could just be kept discussing these things, none of them will ever be accomplished.  By the time the discussions are finished, everyone will have version 10.x of every computer app and all companies will be "virtual".

@_date: 1994-07-19 13:43:10
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Come On 
I think that because there are proportionately so very few females on the list who post, that the gentlemen sometimes forget themselves and include some "men talk".  But I haven't noticed anyone follow up on it;  they never carry on and on as they do about LD (a much more interesting topic), and it isn't long before they get back to random numbers, Clipper, PGP, the intricacies of money laundering, etc.

@_date: 1994-07-19 13:50:18
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: the Cypherpunk and the Shadow 
It's nice to see an intelligent & honest post from you, LD, even if I do disagree with you in your attitude and your methods of dealing with what you perceive as hypocrisy from the c'punks.
I would like to address the issues which you brought up, but I don't want to bother the list with my comments, as I know that many have already gone through these too often and you are not satisfied with their rebuttals.   Won't you reply to me personally, so that I may present a superior argument (mine).

@_date: 1994-07-20 18:12:27
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Ghio "loses it" 
Another article reference:
I think I just saw an image of the new Fuhrer on page 23 of the August edition of PCWorld.

@_date: 1994-07-20 19:28:36
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Leaving the Country 
It is not a matter of tax planning but a matter of psychology.  They have convinced you to manage your own oppression because it is cheaper and easier if you do it than if they do it.. . . . .
It is possible to reprogram yourself to disobedience. . . .
For those who have seen the light of reason, there is still the problem of living with the methods used to enforce complicity to the prevalent political policy.  Disobedience by itself may psychologically help the individual who imagines themselves to be free, but the disadvantage of a government administrative clerk's preemption over your own decisions remains.
There is still the need to keep what is one's own, even when there is no recognition for the sanctity of the self or of personal property.   This problem of efficacy in the face of human forces which are moved by values contrary to one's own, is what I think of when I imagine what it takes to "live among them", considering that there is no longer a place to form a new, improved country.
There are some circumstances at a company I know of (!) where they have found ways of establishing a "win-win" situation with clients.  It is a controversial way of arriving at arrangements which are acceptable to all parties  -  I wonder what sort of compromises go on at meetings where eventually everyone comes out smiling.   But it is the sort of calculating in interpersonal, entrepreneural, and political juxtapositions which sometimes appear to be the only way to make headway in difficult butt-heading circumstances.
I'm not an advocate of compromising, but I do think that there is much material for personal advantage in the study of psychology & cognition, as it relates to understanding what one is up against.  The question remains, how to navigate in spite of some of these things.
The more that one can live openly in correspondence with the way things really, really work,
the better it is for the minds which must live with the actual.  I do think an anarcho-capitalist would rather live/work with the actual, rather than shrink from it or excuse themselves from the fray (even while trying to avoid the obstacles).  Judiciously.

@_date: 1994-07-21 11:18:08
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Who Detweiler is *really* posting as 
Remember this?
There must be some LD memes floating around confusing everyone's neural recognition pathways.

@_date: 1994-07-21 14:49:33
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: "dumb incompetent sex bimbos" 
".....She's asking you to show respect and courtesy to everyone in the forum and the forum because we think of ourselves as part of humanity."  You are so kind to speak up for the cause of womanhood and civil demonstrations of respect & courtesy (and for this forum, as well).
"Why is everything in our society in terms of "Us vs. Them"?"  One reason is because some people are looking more for heat than light.
"This can't even be called a society. It is a battlefield."  However, somewhere in the heat of ideological battles some productive conclusions are reached; such as that some people will not be influenced by other's opinions and that it is useless to attempt to make conclusions for everyone without their expressed consent.
"Here's hoping the positive vibrations of the Jupiter-trumpet will beam into OUR lives and wreak a positive transformation."  I think Jupiter is suffering from problems of its own, at this time, being bombarded by a string of meteors.   Let us hope we (on planet Earth) don't receive the same.

@_date: 1994-07-26 19:46:53
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: New Threat on the Horizon: Software Key Escrow 
Putting Microsoft's feet to the fire, getting them to commit to *not*
including any form of software-based key escrow in any future releases
of Windows (Chicago or Daytona) could be a concrete step in the right
direction. Ditto for Apple.
I'm afraid you can't do that, Tim.   You're just going to have to take Sandy & Duncan's Seminar on Hard-core Privacy.
(I'm checking on getting permission to post an official word from MS)

@_date: 1994-07-27 20:06:49
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
It has been brought up on the Cypherpunks mailing list that Microsoft is
proposing to include public-key escrow as a *built-in* "function" of future
products - Chicago and Daytona have been specifically mentioned.
...................................................................... No, this is not correct.  It was speculation from Tim May on possible developments, based on his interpretation of recent events and on email which I sent to him.  This email was referring to the fact that his concerns notwithstanding,  it is not an easy thing to implement a privately-held key escrow system into a desktop operating system, that Microsoft is not talking about implementing a 'software Clipper', and is presently only *examining* the international ramifications of software key-escrow and non-escrowed strong encryption security.
Please give it this question the benefit of the doubt and postpone your conclusions about this until I can get an official statement, thanks.

@_date: 1994-07-27 22:47:05
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
My forte here on the list, I like to think, has always been to have
"extremely long-range radar" that can pick up trends far in advance.
Black Unicorn once told he this was my main strength, and even
everybody's second-favorite nemesis, David Sternlight said much the
same thing in sci.crypt. Coming from Sternlight, high praise indeed.
By all means, give Microsoft the benefit of the doubt. But also
insist that they explain their work on SKE, and repudiate it.
I respect your ability to think clearly and with great foresight also, Tim, but I really cannot think that Microsoft would "sell out" on this issue.  There are too many in the company who would are for privacy for the individual, and remember they have their customers to think about.  If SKE would constitute a problem for the individual end-user, then I can't see how the company could implement it and expect to remain a leader in the business, with all the negative publicity it would generate (conceivably most of it from cypherpunks!).   These are my thoughts based on what I know about attitudes around here that I am familiar with & certain of.
As I said in another post, Microsoft is an expert at arriving at a "win-win" situation, but I don't believe this includes sacrificing some of our most cherished values, like personal privacy, in exchange for a little security.  If I thought this was not true, *I* would not work here.
I may sound naive; hope time does not prove me wrong.

@_date: 1994-07-28 08:43:25
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
I respect your feelings on the matter and your ability to think clearly and
with great foresight also :-), but for this list it would probably be much
more useful if we got some _OFFICIAL_ answer from Microsoft instead of your
"I believe, I cannot think, can't see", etc. etc. You're obviously a
concerned individual but you equally obviously don't claim to speak for
Thanks, Jacob.   I don't speak for Microsoft, but I can speak based on impressions I have accumulated from internal correspondence between employees and misc. company communications to employees.  The company would suffer turmoil from within, if it were the case that privacy had been compromised.  Programmers are just like you & me, right?
Anyway, I personally can't see the very existence of a system of key escrow is an evil which should be apprehended and stopped.   In concert with the idea of liberty & freedom to develop ideas and export crypto, I think the best offense is a good defense.   I would oppose the idea that anyone should be stopped from developing creative ideas on the principle that it would be contrary to the existence of intelligence on the planet.  I would oppose it if the government promoted it, and I would oppose it if any one else did, also.

@_date: 1994-07-29 10:48:21
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
"If Microsoft has never met with NIST/NSA or Denning or TIS on this matter,
and was only pursuing SKE research on its own initiative, without any
incentives or threats from the government, then I will withdraw my
speculations and cheer Microsoft on."
And then you can say:	Blanc was right all along;
"We need to see a public debate on software key escrow, regardless of
Microsoft's involvement one way or another. And we shouldn't wait until the
press conference is held to announce the program!"
I would like to see more explanations on key escrow, myself.   To me, the issue is control:  who gets it, who excercises it, who will try to prevent an individual from their right to exert it.
How does the mere existence of a system of key escrow necessitate that no one will ever again have the means to secure their privacy?   I do understand the difference in the situation of an individual in a corporate environment using a given software environment, vs the individual at home with their own pc trying to access the internet & send email.
But you all write code:  you have ideas on how to deal with this, right?
Do you think that having created a means to an end, that it will be impossible to retain ownership and control of it?  In the present political atmosphere, there are many ownership issues being threated.  The government's position is to take away the means to an end, thereby preventing the whole problem of having to think about who has the right to use it or not.
Do you think that preventing companies from implementing their own key escrow schemes, this will eliminate the problem of having to fight with the government over the keys?

@_date: 1994-07-29 11:04:04
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Just say NYET to kneejerking 
I believe Graham is being rather rude.
I myself do not find Graham's rudeness offensive, as long as it's funnier than Perry's.

@_date: 1994-07-29 11:07:38
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
"If Microsoft has never met with NIST/NSA or Denning or TIS on this matter,
and was only pursuing SKE research on its own initiative, without any
incentives or threats from the government, then I will withdraw my
speculations and cheer Microsoft on."
And then you can say:	Blanc was right all along;
"We need to see a public debate on software key escrow, regardless of
Microsoft's involvement one way or another. And we shouldn't wait until the
press conference is held to announce the program!"
I would like to see more explanations on key escrow, myself.   To me, the issue is control:  who gets it, who excercises it, who will try to prevent an individual from their right to exert it.
How does the mere existence of a system of key escrow necessitate that no one will ever again have the means to secure their privacy?   I do understand the difference in the situation of an individual in a corporate environment using a given software environment, vs the individual at home with their own pc trying to access the internet & send email.
But you all write code:  you have ideas on how to deal with this, right?
Do you think that having created a means to an end, that it will be impossible to retain ownership and control of it?  In the present political atmosphere, there are many ownership issues being threated.  The government's position is to take away the means to an end, thereby preventing the whole problem of having to think about who has the right to use it or not.
Do you think that preventing companies from implementing their own key escrow schemes, this will eliminate the problem of having to fight with the government over the keys?

@_date: 1994-07-29 12:41:31
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
But what is the reason of the involvement of "law enforcement" and the
"intelligence community" in this matter? I refer you all to the
upcoming conference agenda, the involvement of NIST/NSA, TIS, Denning,
and FBI Director Louis Freeh. Look at the papers being presented at
the conference.
Any questions?
If a system contains "protocols especially suited for eventual mandatory use", like SKE, does this of necessity mean that the developers intended that it should become part of a nationally-mandated open avenue to spying on anyone who uses it?

@_date: 1994-07-29 12:48:39
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
What is the difference if a big company subjects its employees to a
key-escrow system or if the government does it with the people. If you
think about it, the government could coerce the company into reading
through information being passed back and forth....
With a private company, you can negotiate with the owners, or leave.
With the government, you have no choice.
If the governors decide to coerce a company into complicity with surveillance over internal correspondence, it can do this anyway by other means  - that is, it can get access over any material it deems necessary for "legitimate law enforcement needs", even hard-copy files.
The desire for absolute control isn't limited to governments, and it doesn't originate in the institution, but in the psychology of the beholder.

@_date: 1994-07-29 12:56:11
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
I don't proprose to "prevent" any company from exploring key escrow. I
just don't see why law enforcement, intelligence agencies, etc. have
anything to do with this, and I am very worried by the arguments I
hear about "legitimate needs of law enforcement" and "export laws."
So what about this statement you made earlier:
I have the same concerns, I just don't see how it would be possible to cause a company to "commit" itself to not doing this, i.e. preventing the company from including SKE in its products.

@_date: 1994-07-29 14:05:49
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
The same way companies have been made to commit not to kill dolphins,
or test products on animals, or give to Planned Parenthood: organized
public pressure, combined with threatened or actual negative
You could also, like the Luddites, pressure the inventors of computers not to make any more of these new-fangled, fearsome things.  Because you just *know* what they'll be used for, once they develop some database "features" and make it possible to send messages anonymously.
(And, for clarity, I'm reminded that I ought to put a disclaimer in my signature about my address:
I don't any express any "official" opinions from Microsoft; I just like to argue on cypherpunks.)

@_date: 1994-07-29 17:59:15
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
...... the road to key escrow is paved with good intentions.
IMHO the developers who might actually be working on
implementations of this scheme either
Clearly education is a powerful antidote to cases a) and b)
...................................................................... You're right:
How would you make clear the connection between key escrow (per se), the large context of liberty to pursue software strategies to solve customer problems, the and the individuals who find themselves in the middle?
What would you say is the critical, key focal point between the existence of a system of operation, and the way it is intended to be used?
And how would you get the educational message out to those involved?
[Job-related Disclaimer:  Microsoft won't let me make "official" statements,  but they will allow for Superior Arguments.]

@_date: 1994-07-29 19:40:31
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
. . .  . . Bill Gates is attempting to create a worldwide network
of about a hundred satellites.  You don't get to do that without
political assistance, and no way is the USG going to let Bill put those
birds up unless they control the technology to snoop on the entire net.
Could Bill even think about setting up a satellite network without confronting the Governmental Presence?  Anyone who plans to do anything in communications must come to terms with the Divine Intervention Department;  maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but for sure by payday.
Can anyone in the United States get away with introducing a product or service which is not going to require that "government interests" be represented in some way (if only at tax-time)?
They must, at the very least, have meetings, conferences, discussions to ensure that 1) no one in the world is going to be damaged by the new service, and 2) that the MotherShip will get its revenue % .   Is there any legally-sanctioned enterprise/company which can avoid this?
This is a real predicament not limited to Billg and his interest in the internet.  I think quite broadly about all of the areas in which the government steps in to maintain a controlling influence;  any time a new idea is introduced, They Will Be There to make sure that they can protect us from the new-fangled object in case anyone tries to use it against us, the Precious Ones, the Most Valuable Citizens of the World.
Scanaphobia, anyone?
[Obligatory Reminder: The company won't leFrom owner-cypherpunks  Fri Jul 29 21:18:02 1994
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA15874; Fri, 29 Jul 94 21:18:02 PDT
Received: from selene.wright.edu by toad.com id AA15859; Fri, 29 Jul 94 21:17:23 PDT
Received: from discover.wright.edu (discgate.wright.edu)
 by selene.wright.edu (PMDF V4.3-7  id <01HFAQ3YAUXS0001IY at selene.wright.edu>; Sat, 30 Jul 1994 00:14:36 EDT
Received: by discover.wright.edu      (4.1/SMI-4.1) id AA13118; Sat,
 30 Jul 94 00:16:39 EDT
Message-Id: Mime-Version: 1.0

@_date: 1994-07-31 19:29:05
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crypto Takes a Backseat (NYET, Children, etc.) 
Children, Censorship, Pornography, & Who's Right It Is to Interfere:
I have asked myself at times what I would do about abuse towards a child if I were to become personally aware of one, as well as what would be the proper resolution to the fact that freedom & liberty means exposure to not only the best, but the worst that is possible in humans.
I couldn't accept interfering with a family and their progeny; I couldn't advocate setting up a body of overseers to pretend that they are the ultimate authority on how to raise the young to become at least as perfect as their elders.
I have settled upon the idea of alternatives:
when alternatives are existent, those who need and are searching for what these alternatives provide will be able to overcome the attempted influences upon their minds & bodies;  if there is a place where children could go if they found their life at home abusive or unbearable (and they were aware of this place, or these people) then they themselves could seek relief & assistance there.  If they were restricted or limited in their contacts at home, then they could go to wherever else other access to information is available (and don't children accomplish this, anyway, usually to the surprise and consternation of their parents?).   I think the best solution would be to make available the kind of assistance which children themselves could take it upon themselves to seek at their discretion, if they thought their situation called for it.  What could anyone object, if a child was to make their discomfort & unhappiness apparent by seeking the help of another who was willing to come to their aid?  This would not be interferance, but still satisfy the desires of those who have concerns about injustices to the vulnerabilities of kids.
In an open environment where all things are possible, where you never know what you're going to get (in that box of chocolates), it would be best to have recovery systems in operation where the damage would be limited and correction would be possible & easier to achieve.   Intelligence should make its impression upon the lives of free individuals above what the limited concepts and fears of some would propose.  This implies open discussion, communication, the ability to present a better view of life, better ideas, and wiser alternatives.
Children like to know that their parents care for them, that their parents are interested in their physical & mental welfare.   I think that they would prefer the guidance of their parents above that of strangers, that they would prefer that those whom they admire could provide the best counsel to them, and to give their parents the credit for having the best judgement on the block.  But if sympathetic guidance & open discussion is not a part of their family's atmosphere, this leaves the seeking mind to find other sources of knowledge about the way the world works, and other sources of seeming authority to fill in the vaccuum.
I think that the future is calling for much preparation of the intellect towards a greater ability to deal with the abstract while not leaving the level of the concrete (not that this isn't always important). The technological innovations which are continuously being created, improved, advanced require that a person be facile in dealing with new & advanced concepts as well.  This also requires that a person be able to maintain their contact with the real world and not go off in ignorance with an imagination which lacks a knowledge of real processes and of how things (life, social systems, income, etc.) are made possible.
The challenge of the new frontier is magnified in the world of ideas & information; if the individual (child or adult) is to be free to indulge in all the new toys being made available, then they must have a way to deal with what s/he will confront there on every level, for personal efficacy and for effective self-defense against the things which one would/should not choose to tolerate, whatever one's age group.
[Enlightening Disclaimer:  These comments are derived from my own intellect, not my employer's.]

@_date: 1994-07-31 19:40:49
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
If you see a guy skulking in a dark alley with a gun, a knife, and a
large club, do you debate whether he is of necessity about to use them?
No, but maybe he wouldn't be planning to use them on *me*.
Maybe he was chasing a burglar or pedophile; maybe he was in danger of being abducted by little green men from Mars;  how would *I* know what he was doing out there in full armor?
I could watch and wait, with my cam-corder ready in case anything really interesting really happened.
[Unoffical Job-related Disclaimer:   I confess . . . . . . . that I am not yet ready to confess.]

@_date: 1994-07-31 20:28:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Big Brother's Escrow Systems 
If Microsoft or any other companies have already colluded with the
national security establishments of the U.S. or other countries to
limit strong crypto except where software key escrow is used, then
attacks on these companies are justified.
My turn:   oh, ppulllleeeeeze!   :>)
(this is a rather popular expression, lately).
This is why I don't think that scenario is possible:
Billg's favorite magazine is The Economist, he's inundated with free-market ideology; he's been willing to put up with all kinds of "guidance" from the world's regulatory agencies in order to bring the tools of software to places like China, where they could certainly use the industry for economic development and a few tools for communication.   Not that he is the only one doing this, not that he isn't profiting by it.  I myself would not be willing to tolerate the kinds of controls that software & other companies have to suffer in order to bring their products to these markets.  But I can grant that it does the customers a benefit for these to have been made available to them, even if I know that I myself am revolted to consider the regulatory tests which must be passed in order to do this (something akin to airport drug check examinations).  Maybe he's trying to save the world, I don't know.
Would they have been on the list of those opposing Clipper and the export of crypto?  I can't see where the company would contribute to the opposition on the one hand and then turn around and collaborate to put limits on strong crypto except as allowed by the government.  It's a contradiction; I can't imagine that MS would go in that direction of accepting such an unsavory idea.
It's absurd to think that MS would wish to offer its software and services to people all over the world, making it easier for them to get their work done and contribute to opportunities for developers therein to make an income, thus "empowering" them - freeing them to some extent, while on the other hand helping to put them under unwanted & unmanageable surveillance, thus putting them back into another miserable situation outside their control.
The culture here is so unlike that concept, so unreserved, that this is why I find it difficult to accept that the interests of the individual's desire for control over their privacy would be set up for compromise - be made difficult to maintain  -  by secret agreements between the company's leadership & the MotherShip.
I will belive it when I see it.   And I'll sign it:
[Gratituous Disclaimer:   There isn't any way my employer could get me to say this.]

@_date: 1994-06-03 13:32:49
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW:  NSA Takes Over Healthcare Reform 
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
June 3, 1994
NSA CLIPPER CHIP FAILS, AGENCY SETS SIGHTS ON HEALTHCARE
(ups) After the discovery of a fatal design flaw in the Clipper chip's
"crime-busting" LEAF system, NSA has shifted its focus to a "more attainable
goal, healthcare reform", said an anonymous government source.  "It appears
that President Clinton's healthcare reform package will likely result in
citizens, who can afford it, leaving the country for private healthcare
provided by foreign countries.  Based on this, NSA believes they have a clear,
jurisdictional mandate to develop healthcare policy." the source further stated.
"With NSA's technological superiority, we should have a system in place which
will prevent medical subversion within a few months.  Even the Bahamians will
be powerless to overcome it" said the source.
Despite objections from diverse medical organizations, the President supported
NSA's position that they are the most qualified to determine healthcare policy.
He further justified the agencies assertion that the details of the policy must
remain secret to prevent medical malingerers from abusing the system.  Secret
details of the policy, obtained by confidential informants, indicated that it
would be based on the "KneeCapstone" and the "Clapjack" algorithms.
An "independant" examination by the renowned doctor and cold-fusion
investigator, Dr. Staley Ponz, was recently conducted on the KneeCapstone
and Clapjack algorithms.  "These algorithms are totally and completely
malingerer proof...I really mean it, this time, honest!" said Dr. Ponz from
an undisclosed location in South America.
Further details on the plan will be forthcoming "real soon now" said government
policy advisor, Tyrone Shoelaces.
Reprinted, with permission, by,
Dr. David Chaos

@_date: 1994-06-06 15:43:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Crypto'94, 8/21-25, Santa Barbara 
The program: Crypto '94 is the fourteenth in a series of workshops
on cryptology held at Santa Barbara, California and is sponsored
by the International Association for Cryptologic Research, in
cooperation with the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on
Security and Privacy and the Computer Science Department of the
University of California, Santa Barbara. The program for the
workshop will cover all aspects of cryptology.  Formal proceedings
will be provided at the conference.
In addition to the regular program of papers selected or invited
by the program committee, there will be a poster session on Monday
evening.  There will also be a rump session on Tuesday evening for
informal presentations.  Facilities will also be provided for
attendees to demonstrate hardware, software and other items of
cryptological interest.  If you wish to demonstrate such items,
you are urged to contact the General Chair so that your needs will
be attended to.  The social program will include hosted cocktail
parties and dinners on Sunday, Monday and the Beach Barbecue on
Wednesday.  These events are included with the cost of
registration.  No evening meals will be provided at the dining
About the conference facilities:  The workshop will be held on the
campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara.  The campus
is located adjacent to the Santa Barbara airport and the Pacific
Ocean.  Accommodations are available in the university dormitories
at relatively low cost for  conference participants.  Children
under the age of 13 are not allowed to stay in the dormitories, so
those bringing small children will need to make separate
arrangements in one of several nearby hotels.  More information on
hotels is enclosed.  Parking on campus is available at no cost to
Travel information:  The campus is located approximately 2 miles
from the Santa Barbara airport, which is served by several
airlines, including American, America West, Delta, United and US
Air.  Free shuttle bus service will be provided between the Santa
Barbara airport and the campus on Sunday and Thursday afternoons.
All major rental car agencies are also represented in Santa
Barbara, and AMTRAK has rail connections to San Francisco from the
north and Los Angeles from the south.  Santa Barbara is
approximately 100 miles north of the Los Angeles airport, and 350
miles south of San Francisco.
Registration:  Participation is invited by interested parties, but
attendance at the workshop is limited, and pre-registration is
strongly advised. To register, fill out the attached registration
form and return to the address on the form along with payment in
full before July 8, 1994.  Campus accommodations will be available
on a first come, first serve basis for attendees who register by
July 8, 1994. Late registrations, subject to a late registration
fee, may be accepted if space is available, but there are no
guarantees.  The conference fees include participation in the
program and all social functions, as well as membership to the
IACR and a subscription to the Journal of Cryptology.  The room
and board charges include dormitory lodging Sunday night through
Wednesday night and breakfast and lunch Monday through Thursday.
Technical sessions will run from Monday morning to Thursday at
noon.  A very limited number of stipends are available to those
unable to obtain funding.  Students whose papers are accepted and
who will present the paper themselves are invited to apply if such
assistance is needed.  Requests for stipends should be sent to the
General Chair before June 3, 1994.
For those who choose not to stay in the dormitories, the following
is a partial list of hotels in the area.  Those who choose to stay
off campus are responsible for making their own reservations, and
early reservations are advised since August is a popular season in
Santa Barbara.  Note that Goleta is closer to UCSB than Santa
Barbara, but a car will probably be required to travel between any
hotel and the campus.  All prices are subject to change; prices
should be confirmed by calling the individual hotels directly.
However, mention CRYPTO '94 when you are making your reservation
and in several of the hotels you will be eligible for the
university rate which can be significantly less than the normal
rates.  We are not able to block rooms in these hotels, so please
make reservations as early as possible.  The quality of the hotels
range from rather expensive beach-front resorts to basic
inexpensive accommodations.  For further information, try
contacting the Santa Barbara Convention and Visitors Center, (805)
South Coast Inn:  5620 Calle Real, Goleta, CA  93117.  Single is
$89; Double is $94. Call to see if they have University rates.
Contact person is Ms. Murrill Forrester (805) 967-3200, Fax (805)
Cathedral Oaks Lodge:  4770 Calle Real, Santa Barbara, CA 93110.
Single rates start at $75; double rates start at $85.  No
University rates available.  Prices include breakfast.  Contact
Doug Smoot or Tom Patton at (805) 964-3511.  Fax (805) 964-0075
Motel 6: 5897 Calle Real , Goleta, CA  93117.  Single rate is
$36.99 + tax.. Double rate is 42.99 + tax. (Rates are subject to
change.)  (805)  964-3596.
The Sandman Inn:  3714 State Street, Santa Barbara, CA  93105.
Single rate: $71  Double rate: $81. (805) 687-2468.  Fax (805)
Miramar Hotel (Beachfront): 3 miles south of Santa Barbara on U.S.
101 at San Ysidro turnoff. No  specific single or double rate.
Rooms begin at $75.  Call  Laura at (805) 969-2203.  Fax (805)
Pepper Tree Inn:  3850 State Street, Santa Barbara, CA  93105.
Single rate: $112  Double rate: $120.
(805) 687-5511.  Fax (805) 682-2410
Encina Lodge:  2220 Bath Street, Santa Barbara, CA  93105.  Single
rate: $112  Double rate: $118.
(805) 682-7277.  Fax (805) 563-9319.
Pacifica Suites (formerly Quality Suites):  5500 Hollister Avenue,
Santa Barbara, CA  93111 (close to campus).  Normal rates begin at
$120 for a suite.  Includes full-cooked breakfast.  Contact
Michael Ensign at (805) 683-6722.   Fax (805) 683-4121.
Upham Hotel: (bed-and-breakfast) 1404 De La Vina Road, Santa
Barbara, CA  93101.  Beginning rate: $105 per night.  (You must
mention you are attending the Crypto conference.)  Contact:
Shirley Fagardo  or reservations at  (805) 962-0058.  Fax (805)
The El Encanto Hotel:  1900 Lasuen Road, Santa Barbara, CA 93105.
Beginning rate: $90.  Contact: Elizabeth Spencer, (805) 687-5000.
Fax (805) 687-3903.
Last Name:________________________________________________________
First Name:__________________________________  Sex: (M)___  (F)___
Mailing Address:__________________________________________________
Phone: _________________________   Fax: __________________________
Electronic Mail: _________________________________________________
Payment of the conference fee entitles you to membership in the
International Association for Cryptologic Research for 1995 at no
extra charge, including a subscription to the Journal of
Cryptology, published by Springer-Verlag, at no extra charge.  Do
you wish to be an IACR member?   YES_____  NO ______
Conference fee:
Room and Board (4 nights):    Smoking ______ Non-Smoking _____
(Prices include breakfast and lunch on Monday through Thursday)
Total funds enclosed (U.S. Dollars)               US$     ________
Payment must be by check payable in U.S. funds, by money order in
U.S. funds or by U.S. bank draft, PAYABLE  TO: CRYPTO '94.
Payment should be mailed to
the General Chair:                  Additional Contact Information:
Please fill out this form for anyone who is coming with a
conference attendee but not registering for the conference and
wishes to either stay on campus or attend the social functions
Sunday, Monday and Wednesday.  Guests are not entitled to attend
the talks and must be attending with someone registering for the
Last Name:________________________________________________________
First Name:__________________________________  Sex: (M)___ (F)____
Mailing Address:__________________________________________________
Phone: _________________________   Fax: __________________________
Electronic Mail: _________________________________________________
Social Program Attendance ($50)                          _________
Room and Board (4 nights):  Smoking ______   Non-Smoking _____
(Prices include breakfast and lunch on Monday through Thursday)
Total Guest Fees                                  US$     ________
(Show here and on the other side of this form)

@_date: 1994-06-08 13:42:24
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
" . . .I don't think in terms of "rights," but in terms of avoidance.
* If I suspect someone is plotting against me--perhaps I suspect my
neighbor across the street is preparing to torch my house--I'd have
no problem placing microphones so as to hear him. Or bugging a
girlfriend I suspected of planning to kill me for my money."
email, they could avoid your spying using PGP and anonymous remailers.	
"So, do we argue for "rights" of privacy? Or do we monkeywrench such
technologies? Or do we develop tools and systems to protect our own
privacy as best we can?"
You could argue and and still not be understood or agreed with.   The concept of "rights" is really only meaningful in the context of a group of people, a society which has agreed to band together for some purpose.  But since it can't be guaranteed that anyone would be educated on the matter of observing the delineated rights, or that having been educated they would respect them and observe limits upon themselves in regard of these rights, it would be unwise to desist from the development of the tools and systems for self-protection.   I can't see where any anarcho-type, or any rational person, would give up the liberty to be creative in developing the ideas which one could get for the design of tools & systems per se, some of which could be applied to privacy or personal safety  (although there could be objections to making them commercially available).

@_date: 1994-06-08 15:55:06
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
Better people make a better world.  A committee should be
formed to develop specifications describing a good person.  The committee
could then launch a program to guide society to a future where everyone
met or exceeded the recommended specifications.
Better yet, why not build your own!
With the growing field of robotics & nanotechnology, you could just grow your own version of the perfect citizen (all in your own image of virtue&morality). There would be no objections, then, to "frequent quality assurance testing to guarantee rapid convergence to the desired goals.  [Automatons] who did not meet the specifications would be [rewired into] the program."
And there would be no protests or rants regarding privacy, since there would be no need, since everyone would be alike and predictable in their "values" & "ambitions".

@_date: 1994-06-08 17:52:21
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Censoring the Internet 
Many "electronic democracy" fans worship
the results of opinion polls rather than thinking for themselves;
they get truly pissed by the possibility that their lemming
mentality could be manipulated.
               ....
But all the convicing rhetoric in the world doesn't
finally decide these issues; in the end its what specifically
we do with our cyberspace technology that will decide how free
we are in cyberspace.
I read a statement somewhere to the effect of:
When we are faced with a disease, we shouldn't say "what is wrong with the germ"?  Rather we should be asking ourselves "what should we be doing to prevent it from affecting us"?
Rather than achieving a grasp of methods&means to help themselves, lemmings will instead complain about the need for "good" leadership.
This is a good summary from "Nobody" on what I have noticed from my very recent forays into Usenet newsgroups (and other places).

@_date: 1994-06-09 10:36:51
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
"Rights are the items of a citizens characteristic which are outside
the ability of that government to control within its charter. Rights
come before a government forms. If they didn't then you would not be
able to give it a charter."
function and in general to be oneself independent of artificial government  operations.
In Nature, you have a "right" to anything you like, but there may be no one besides yourself there to appreciate that fact and to deliver it.  When a group of individuals associate and create agreements/charters, the delineation of rights serves to protect their separateness -  their property,   their privacy, their character - against encroachments from the group, by defining consciously where the boundary lines are to be drawn  -   what the individual can expect to keep, in exception to what everyone expects to share.
Once a group considers itself an official "society" of like-minded individuals, they often begin to demand "rights" which do not naturally belong to them or their society - or which they have not explicity agreed to share:
.  the right to have what others have created/produced
(like a service which nature does not automatically arrange for delivery  -  ex:  optical cables & the internet at 3200 bps)
.  the right to access what is not their own
(outside of what nature has naturally endowed them with  -   ex: computers)
"Self protection is a requirement in general against another individual and
not a society."
safety of non-conformists, depending on how the group decides to respond to those who are not exactly like the others.

@_date: 1994-06-10 23:05:39
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
Edward, didn't you get the message......stop haggling over righteousness & get back to WORK!

@_date: 1994-06-26 18:43:08
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: H.E.A.T. UPDATE 
Well, shoot, what's the use of watching this show if Fabio (+5) isn't in it?
Why, it's because when he *is* on, it will make you ponder the need for & importance of privacy.
I get it, now.
Le Bon Femme

@_date: 1994-06-28 11:29:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: BLACK UNICORN 
Well, I just sent mail to you, Sandy at crl.com, but it came back to you saying that you were "554 Unbalanced '>' ".    I guess it's in reference to the software  :>)
I was just inquiring, since you yourself are lately leaving the US & going off to Hong Kong, whether you would be there long enough to be part of the events in the changing of the guard to the Commie Chinese?

@_date: 1994-06-28 11:36:17
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: NSA and competence 
...They have plenty of money, and EXTREMELY smart people. ........ That, and the concrete evidence that they are probably twenty years ahead of us, leads me to believe that it is
stupid to underestimate them.
They sure make some BIG mistakes, though, don't they?
And they didn't cover up the Clipper mistakes very well at all.
And they're not seeing the economical relationships regarding exports very well.
Do you suppose that maybe this is intentional?

@_date: 1994-06-28 16:00:22
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: TOP TEN REASONS WHY THE WHITE HOUSE STAFF LIKE THE INTERNET 
[ fwds deleted ]
TOP TEN REASONS WHY THE WHITE HOUSE STAFF LIKE THE INTERNET
This list provided by Tom Kalil, the David Letterman of the
Clinton/Gore administration.  Kalil gave the closing keynote at INET'94/JENC5
in Prague on Friday, June 17, and included this list in his talk about
NII efforts in the United States.
10. Surfing the Web is more fun than going to meetings.
9. Even reading old RFCs is more fun than going to meetings.
8. On the Internet, no one knows you're a bureaucrat.
7. It's how we get our daily marching orders from Vint Cerf, Tony
Rutkowski, and Dave Farber.
6. It's hard to write your X.400 address on a cocktail napkin.
5. We get all that great electronic fan mail on the Clipper Chip.
4. We have access to the Top Secret Air Force server with cool gifs of
UFOs and little green men.
3. We're still hoping to get on Carl Malamud's "Geek of the Week."
2. We love getting flamed by rabid libertarians on "com-priv."
1. We can send e-mail FROM president at whitehouse.gov.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1994-03-05 13:57:46
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: New mailing list? 
"I want each reader of these words to reflect on the phrase
"implementing culture".  If you do not realize the magnitude of this
principle and have some respect for its enormity, I would sincerely
suggest that your time would be better spent reading some political
philosophy and some technological history and pondering over your
desires, to make sure that you know them."
Okay, Teach.  :>)
Thanks for the clarification, Eric.  I remember some critical statements made about your attitude toward modifications to list and the suggestions which you apparently shot down.  I remained silent but "Cypherpunks is where the politics meets the code.  ....  Policy separated from development lags the reality of deployment, and necessarily.  "
These are some things I have thought about, upon reading complaints against the tangential discussions which come up on the list:
It is not  unimportant to engage in these conversations as they develop, to allow for the associated efforts to achieve precision on attitudes/expectations which counter the rest of the intellectual atmosphere of acceptance, especially when one might be required to produce just cause why things should go in one direction (yours) rather than another (theirs); when you might have to answer to 'authorities' for non-complicity to collectivist programs.
Some people do (and some should) struggle for better justification in their own mind, of their position relating to what they themselves do (writing & distributing code which permits alternatives to government-supplied arrangements), of what they advocate to others that they ought to do (positive or negative support for a method/plan of action), or would prevent (as in thwart the progress/implementation of It is  not   unimportant to be clear about the propriety of the motives behind an argument, to be satisfied that one is correct -   that it isn't merely 'whining' because one is not getting one's way, or because the government & its advisors are not sufficiently lenient in their outlook;  that there is philosophical, logically consistency in the actions/solutions proposed.
It is not unproductive to maintain a general awareness among all those who would deem to be of the same "attitudinal alignment".   Else how could such a group survive as advocates of ideas promoting complete independence & total autonomy. (euphemism)
I myself would welcome the existence of a more thorough elaboration on this subject, from yourself and the others who founded the list: an explanatory FAQ for reference, especially on the matter of "implementing culture", since this implies more than simply effects dealing with government.

@_date: 1994-03-16 10:41:27
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: What's so bad about a Surveillance State? 
[Tim's reply to Jim]
 Citizen-Unit Miller is to be commended for his
 recognition that the common good is served when the state
 fulfills its surveillance obligations.  .... etc.
                  [ uncontrollable giggle from irresponsible unit ]
[Jim's reply]
I do *not* think a surveillance state is a good thing.  I
deliberately constructed my post to get people's attention.  I want
people (other than just Cypherpunks) to think about life in a
surveillance state.
Thinking about life in a surveillance state, I wonder what youall would do if it came to pass?  I once asked a bunch of Objectivists what they would do if a certain individual was elected and the US was turned into a socialist/commie paradise.  In three hours of discussion, they could not arrive at any viable ideas.
Maybe, Jim, you could also compile some replies about how 'free radical units' would deal with the problem.  It might sound a bit like a sci-fi story, all total.

@_date: 1994-03-17 09:06:03
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The Joy of Digicash 
Proper cash will produce a symmetrical pattern.  By choosing
good CA rules, the patterns will be different for each bill, some nicer
than others, leading to attractive fractal-looking patterns for many bills.
When you wanted to "look at your money" you could run the program on the
digital cash.  People might even trade for especially attractive bills.
This sounds really cool, if it could work that way.
I can imagine a large screen wall display of these fractal images continuously running in color in the entertainment room, as a kaleidescopic display of all my cash holdings.......if the patterns begin to repeat themselves too soon, it means I don't have very much in the digibank.   :>)
So there couldn't be anything else which would produce these same patterns and thus be confused for the original or actual?

@_date: 1994-03-17 14:35:27
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Whats so bad about a surveillance state 
Blanc Weber Postulates:
       > -With the rise of fiber telcos are laying fewer cable
       > routes and just stuffing the routes they do dig up with
       > more fiber than is necessary for replacement of the
       > existing copper, leaving some major areas with only a
       > single path in and out as one bundle of fiber replaces
       > tons of copper that was laid in multiple paths
       > originally becayse it would not fit in one path.  Saves
       > the telcos money, but a single backhoe might be able to
       > cause some major damage now...
 Well, I can't speak for the other Telco's, but here in the
Midwest this is flat out untrue.
Well, I can't say if that's true in the Midwest or anywhere else on the planet, because I didn't write that paragraph, as I don't know a thing about cables of any type or kind.

@_date: 1994-03-21 09:59:21
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: How to control Internet?  Buy it! 
I'm having a nightmare about a Microsoft-like domination of global
communications, complete with SPA police, etc.
Unlike the government, Microsoft and McCaw Cellular both depend upon a customer-driven market for their acceptance.  They must convince their customers that they are better than the competition in providing a similar service; they must adjust this service to the customer's requests & preferences or lose the account.

@_date: 1994-03-23 10:25:23
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: How to control the Internet. 
And the island of Lanai and it's beaches are supposed to be part of the
State of Hawaii and therefore available to the public yet Bill was able
to block all access to the island for his wedding...  (Stink still going
on about that too)
-Jim Wilson
I can't say that everything that billg does or makes arrangements for with his clout will be defensible;  I can point out that any arrangements which he makes with others depends upon those individual's consent, their agreeableness, and not to coercion or the elimination of choice altogether.  (I don't know all of the details of how the closing off of those portions of the island was arranged, but I don't think that the owners of the island agreed to close off access simply out of the goodness of their hearts.) It is amazing what many people will agree to, when they can receive the benefit of cash, and this goes regardless of whether it comes from private one-to-one relations or whether it comes from governmental fund "distributions";  if there is someone to blame in that event, it would have to include the owners and all of those who were amenable to making it possible.
The threat of a monopolization of power which Bradley Dolan mentioned as being presented by Microsoft's dominance in the market is not of the same type as is presented by the government's.  From what I know about "intellectual property", this concept is supposed to establish the source of what has been produced (software) as belonging to its creator, and therefore as something akin to an object or service which can be traded and from which one can receive payment.  It's a way to make a living, in other words, based on the recognition of a value.
The only way that I can think of to counter the dominance of one company in the free exchange of goods is to desist from the purchase of that company's offerings, or better yet to produce better ones and make a better case for them with the buying public.

@_date: 1994-03-28 22:02:15
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: personal manifesto (comments appreciated) 
Extended Commentary:
1)	While the most likely possibility is that the Net
will simply mirror current society, a Net of this [mirror] structure would fail
to realize its potential as an agent of social change.
That is, supposing that the net was designed to be an "agent for social change".  I have not read where it was designed to exist for that specific purpose.  A social effect which is not intentioned is simply a by-product of the fact that many people have found an avenue or tool useful for the satisfaction of their own particular purposes.  Since communication itself is a medium for the accomplishment of most purposes which involve others; it is not exceptional, therefore, that the net should have become such a popular tool, it being so easy to use compared to the other means available.  The important thing which I see about the net is not that it serves "social purposes", but that it helps individuals to achieve their *own* purposes.  This sounds like only a difference in wording, but the  difference is in what is judged as a 'good' purpose, or which end of the telescope you are using to view the situation:  why is the end of having a collective 'good' better than the activity of simply achieving one's own ideal (of goodness, happiness, propriety, etc.).  What is so unsubstantial about the uncounted individual that only a large number of them can be considered worthy of consideration.
3)	Current arguments for regulation of cryptography by government
agencies depend on the argument [that] they are maintaining their current
abilities in the brave new world of cyberspace.  I argue that even if
this were the case, we have a responsibility to do more than simply
maintain the status quo.  . . . .
What responsibility?  (Irresponsible Unit wants to know)
If the government centralizes responsibility, there will be none for the rest of us to comprehend.
4)	It is the responsibility of the information haves to spread their
knowledge to the information have-nots.  .........
Knowledge which is not of a personal nature should be freely accessible.
The library is full of information which many people do not take advantage of, and it's "free".  Many wise people have written much that they wished to share with others, yet many 'havenots' do not avail themselves of it (at least, not the ones who seem to need it).
1)  how much intellectual support does everyone need, anyway;
2)  access to information does not replace having the incentive to appreciate it or the ability to understand it;
3)  where does all this information come from, anyway?  How did it become "information"; what was it before it was converted into an abstract form (carbon-based or electronic)?  If it is moral to have information, and immoral *not* to have it, then many people are guilty of criminal negligence for not using their faculties of observation & thought in regard of all the data which exists all around them in an immediately accessible form.
6)	...  People cannot
participate in a democratic society if they are not educated to a minimal
level required for functioning in that society.  This is the crux of our
societal problems, as well as the crux of possible problems with the Net.
They should all understand the purpose of "society".  Is it to be social, or to be free to be themselves, or what.  If the purpose is more clearly stated and understood (and communicated to its members) then they each can decide whether, or how much, they wish to participate in its "goals".  Societies are complex mixtures of people with all sorts of motives.  At least on the net, it is easy to leave when your motives are in conflict, especially if your subscription is up.
7)	... one human has an enormous
capacity to injure and exploit another human.  We must decide which
ability we wish to empower, and judge which we actually do.
If everyone were equally able to injure & exploit others, people would become sensitive to what kind of effect they intended to achieve (upon others), and become more acutely attuned to the possible consequences.  But if everyone was much more respectable & honorable than they presently are, there would be fewer reasons to attempt to bring harm to them; admiration itself would serve to prevent thoughts of evil deeds against those whose qualities one valued.  You could as easily say that those who wish to be treated kindly should cultivate noble qualities and character, so that others will not be easily inspired to hit them over the head.
8)	. . . My hope is that this restructuring will create a better
society than the one I know.
It would be possible to make society better, if people were not always changing their mind, developing new ideas, learning new things about themselves and the world, attempting to adjust to changing circumstances, and generally getting in each other's way as they accomplish all of these things.  Pehaps if there were more space between people (like on the net), where they could engage in these activities without easily affecting others, this in itself could "improve" "society".  But they always seem to want to grow up in each other's company, instead of doing their homework in private.
9)	My beliefs are [hopelessly] utopian.
.  This faith must not be confused with [certainty].
.  We must be satisfied with [approximations].
.   I have faith in democratic principles to  [shape society] . . . .
.   It is impossible to  [predict the shape]  of the society . . .
.  A few risks are of the  [tyranny of the majority], ......
.  The will of the people is   [impossible to define], .....
I re-arranged your paragraphs to associate the meanings which I saw in them, and they do appear to be in conflict.
10)	All actions have moral implications.  Ignoring these implications
is irresponsible and, yes... immoral.
Final comment:  "Society" is in the quality of the contact.

@_date: 1994-03-31 17:37:59
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Quantum Physics 
So, Jim,  I figured the whole thing out and just had to share with you the fact that apparently,
I think it's a Principle of some kind.
:>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>) :>)

@_date: 1994-05-01 02:23:48
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
This seems to me like the Jeffersonian notion that the Constitution
should be amended in every generation.  Letter to Samuel Kercheval, July
12 1816, The Portable Thomas Jefferson 557-558 (M. Peterson ed. 1975).
I think this is perhaps excessive, and if you consider the effect of short
term politics, one could well find his or her own generation is the one which
does away with the 4th and 5th amendments because of a "Crime Crisis."
If your suggestion is more along the lines of a more reasoned and
enduring amendment process with some respect for the concepts of old and
more importantly an attempt to adapt the spirit of the document [the Constitution] to the reality of the day, I concur wholeheartedly.
No, it has nothing to do with the amendment process; it has to do with original thought.
As long as the people of today or tomorrow remain attached to a document,  becoming dependent upon it for their thinking, then they are still not free, because - especially in the case of the Constitution - they have still not understood the message.  The principle of individuality and freedom from government coercion means that an individual can make up their own mind, can use their own judgement, and can decide for themselves whether or not they will become a member of an institution - even if that institution is already in existence surrounding them and it seems that it is no longer required of them to think about making a choice regarding their relationship to it, that the choice was already made for them a long time ago and the situation no longer requires their input  -  almost as if their opinion were irrelevant, almost as if that which was created in the past had nothing to do with them in the present.
If no one from an institution inquires whether you want to join, but takes it for granted that you are a member and then proceeds to treat you like citizen, then they have not been respectful of your independent ability to make up your own mind, apart from their ability to make that decision for you.  This is not in the spirit of the The age of the concept is not what is important; it is the principle elucidated.  Any document which presents important concepts is valuable.   It isn't requisite, however, that one remain attached to it in order to reap the benefit of its wisdom;  it is more important to recognize that to which the wisdom therein refers,  and once the ideas have been digested & comprehended, to advance using the perspicacity which you should have developed from their study.
My point in this discussion is only to say that in terms of a contract, no one is really provided the opportunity to "sign the deal", so to speak.  Too much is taken for granted, and therefore too many mistakes are made from the absence of a foundation based upon actual agreements made (rather than assumed agreement).

@_date: 1994-05-01 02:26:44
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
Uni: "I tend to find these sorts of incentives acceptable provided the grant
of funds is not craftily calculated to make functioning competitively
impossible, which today they often are.  Clipper is a prime example.
It's not intended merely to incentivize makers to accept Clipper, but to
drive other systems out of the market.  To me this is offensive
To me this offensive interferance intended to prevent other makers from creating the means which would prevent them from continuing to interfere.  Regulation sets as a constant the terms, the conditions, the degrees of what an entity within its jurisdiction  may do.  Interferance describes an action which the government takes against a business which is not theirs to become involved with.  Neither of them is very sporting.
But anyway, providing incentives is also not a defensible business of government.  It is still an attempt to determine in substitution of the individual, what that individual shall find it agreeable to do.  See _Blanc Weber vs Black Unicorn_Constitution & Contract (4/30/94)
Uni:  "In the words of Judge Stone, "...threat of loss and not hope of gain is
the essence of economic coercion."  _United States v. Butler_, 297 U.S.
1 (1936).  Unfortunately this is often taken to mean that as long as you
frame the regulation as a conditional grant, it is constitutional. "
Do you mean that this means, "as long as you're looking for a hand-out it's okay"?
This would depend upon just how dependent the citizens are who would be involved or affected by the "threat" of that loss.
To the government threat of a withdrawal of its largess.......my attitude would say, go ahead  -   make my day!
As to what coercion is:   it is not what someone tries to influence you to do after you are already in the klinker, but that which persuaded you to allow them to put you into it in the first place.

@_date: 1994-05-02 09:05:28
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Constitution and Contract 
Uni (who is not a centralist):  "[It] almost sounds like you are calling for liberation from the Constitution of the United States."  ....  "I think it's difficult to accomplish what you propose.  This seems to me to amount to calling for the status of sovereignty to apply to every individual.  A system of individual sovereignty strikes me as unworkable, and again a slippery slope to complete lawlessness. "
Say, is the Cypherpunks list? where they intend to use PGP in
defiance of government decrees to the contrary?
Uni: " What I feel is the obligation of the sovereign is to limit the
level of corruption of the individual by forebearing from unneeded
exertions of authority."
Maybe they would do this if you said "Pretty Please".

@_date: 1994-05-02 09:05:30
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
" What is important, and a point
on which I think we agree, is that the regulation of strong crypto, or in
your definition, the interference in the marketplace, is unacceptable,
unneeded and nothing more than a calculated attempt to maintain the
status quo of usurpation of individual rights in favor of federal power
and influence.  Even the national security externality falls when one
considers the uselessness of export regulation in the age of digital
Okay, last word from me on any of this, and only because it relates
to the above;  the quote below is from a newsletter I just recently
received (Imprimis, from Hillsdale College, by Richard Duesenberg of
the Monsanto Company):
"While there are indications that the [Supreme] Court might be
resuming some sensitivity to property (e.g., under the takings
clause) the deference it gives to legislative action is still
near-absolute.  If a law or regulation simply stresses "urgent need"
or "the public interest", the Court is sure to let it stand.  The
judicial review process is so biased that only the most absurd edicts
are found unconstitutional.
Legal scholar Bernard Siegan has noted that this bias has led to the
impeding of the democratic process.  If the Court refuses to review
the legitimacy of economic regulation, then the government is
essentially free to dominate the entire American business community
and, indeed, the life of every American citizen.
. . . .
Even more alarming is the loss of freedom that has accompanied
growing involvement in our affairs.  But freedom is valueless to the
government planner.  He requires coercive force in order to have his
way, and he regards centralized planning as far superior to the
untidy, unpredictable actions and decisions of free men and women."

@_date: 1994-05-02 12:26:34
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The American money capture 
The Great Depression was pretty clearly caused by deflation in the
money supply.  To quote Milton Friedman:
Would it be too complex and lengthy an explanation to provide to say how the money supply is decided in the first place; that is, how an appropriate amount of it is calculated initially?  Is this in reference to the gold or other backing which gives each dollar its monetary value?

@_date: 1994-05-02 17:56:57
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Useful Ways to Fight Crime 
Besides, law abiding citizens should have nothing to hide, right?  So
why should they object?
I think the plan is that, although everyone is allowed to hide things from each other, they are not to be allowed to hide themselves from their Saviours or thwart the mechanisms which have been implemented to identify questionable behavior in times of uncertainty, fear & paranoia.

@_date: 1994-05-04 00:59:26
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The Value of Money 
One bill makes you larger, two bills make you small, and the ones that Uncle gives you aren't worth anything utall.......
I thank everyone for the explanations I read; they were all quite interesting, informative, and enlightening.  I think that asking about the origins of the concept of money supply is a bit like asking about the origin of God or the Universe:  it's just there.  My question is still unanswered in my mind, and I think the best thing will be to do some further research in the library:
Where did Alice get her money initially which she deposited in a bank for its safe-keeping and interim use.  It was printed by the government.  How did the gov. decide how much to "create" (print) and then assign a "value" to, from their gold reserve (back when it meant Too much or too little currency in circulation, and you have either inflation or deflation; I know it's arbitrary, but how was an acceptably correct proportion established initially, beginning from when the US was established as a legitimate nation; how was the process started, based on what sort of relationship between the abstract units and the available "stuff" used as reference to base it upon.
The act of assigning abstract numbers to a concrete substance like gold:  someone made the initial associations and established an understanding among the intended users.  The procedure of using an exchange medium was familiar from centuries before.   The medium changed, but the system of exchange remained and has been expanded upon, until now it is very complex.  Really, now all that we mostly see are "money-numbers" attached to checks, credit cards, bank account statements, receipts, shares, etc.  I don't ever see the gold and if I exchanged all of my checking account for it, I would probably find resistance to its use from the inconvenience and danger of actually handling it.
This is now pretty well just an act of assessing value/worth based upon knowledge gained from the past relative to what everybody else has been doing, in terms of assigning any worth to any thing in terms of some number.  It all makes sense, now.
I understand this much:  there is some gold and other actual metal located in a vault, sitting there as a symbolic standard of wealth, worth, value.  Everyone stakes a claim to it, and they exchange that claim to others in substitution for something else (dog, rifle, gas in the car, baby-sitting).  These claims can circulate as fast as a computer can calcualte & transfer them, and that is all that circulates while the standard continues to sit in the vault, not being used for anything by anybody.  As long as you hold a claim to this lump of stuff, you're Somebody  -  a force to contend with in the Market Place.  All you have to figure out is how to *get* some of that Claim in your hands so that you, too, can be involved in the Circulation Business.  Something which can be converted from a solid to a liquid so it can be re-converted back to a solid or something similar.  But you always want to maintain some Claim, some attachment, to that symbolic reference from which all money numbers derive their assigned worth.
It's easy, when you know how.  :>)
Oh, and. . . uh.. .what this has to do with cypherpunks is... uh . ..uh. . .anarcho-capitalistic control of my destiny based upon fundamental comprehension of currency denomination & free market methodology with future potential within an encrypted digi-cash system?

@_date: 1994-05-05 21:28:27
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
Just thinking:   since it keeps being repeated that it is a mistake to think of digital cash as currency, rather than a mere transaction mechanism, then it should not be called "cash", as this does not describe what it is.   Then it would not be so easy to think in those terms.
Digital Exchange
Digital Transactions
Digital Transfers
Digital Fungi (bility)

@_date: 1994-05-10 14:25:16
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: A CC of my letter to Gelernter@cs.yale.edu 
I don't think an economic argument will really fly well, though I'd
love to be shown to be way wrong.  Seems to me that a mass-produced
chip whose production is subsidized by the government would probably
be pretty cheap.
I think an economic argument may be more of what "they" would be attentive to, since it is the issue with which they concern themselves the most  -  the economic situation of the country, and their need to be in control of its facade.
A problem:  subsidization would mean higher taxes.

@_date: 1994-05-12 10:06:51
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: CEI's Internet Guide 
The Competitive Enterprise Institute is pleased to announce:
                THE VIRTUAL HAND
                CEI'S FREE-MARKET GUIDE TO THE
                INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY
Now, under one cover, all the Internet places of interest to
free-marketeers.  Do you want to find the complete electronic text of
"The Wealth of Nations"?  How many places can *you* list where you can
discuss the words of Ayn Rand?  (The Virtual Hand can name five.)  Do you
want to know the latest in conservative or libertarian politics, or would
you rather sit around griping about gun control?
All this -- and more! -- is available from the Competitive Enterprise
        TABLE OF CONTENTS
        1. Policy chatter (mainly Republican and Libertarian politics)
        2. Cultural and philosophical (Objectivism, free-market literary
           journals, "fan" newsgroups, electronic books)
        3. Student-oriented (college groups)
        4. Single-issue forums (taxes, land rights, firearms,
           telecommunications policy, education, health care, feminism,
           law, Congressional reform, kids' rights)
        5. Of local interest (statewide free-market groups)
        6. Internet addresses of free-market groups
        7. Miscellaneous
        8. Other computer systems (BBS'es)
        9. Government resources (how to get White House press releases,
           text of legislation, Federal Register, C-SPAN schedules, etc.)
To get your very own copy of "The Virtual Hand," send $5 to:
        Alexander "Sasha" Volokh
        Policy Analyst
        Competitive Enterprise Institute
        1001 Connecticut Ave. NW
        Suite 1250
        Washington, DC 20036

@_date: 1994-05-16 12:47:48
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: pgp 2.6 stupidity 
Personally, I can't see any compelling reason, save legality, for
domestic or international users of PGP to upgrade beyond 2.3a.
Who/how would anyone know which version is being used?
Are there going to be net police checking this out?

@_date: 1994-05-24 20:13:48
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Bruce Sterling's talk at CFP 
I'm glad that Bruce Sterling made the comments which he did, in that gathering of the right people to hear these statements.
Although he sounds as though he thinks that everyone ought to be their brother's keeper, I think the paragraphs below do point out the hypocrisy in worrying about the gravity of what could be communicated in a telephone conversation or over the net that might result in advancing a criminal act, when
"People stumble through the streets of every city in this country absolutely wrapped in the grip of demons, groping at passersby for a moment's attention and pity and not getting it."
The contrast between cries for safety legislation and the abhorent conditions under which many live, do not demonstrate a delicate sensitivity towards higher standards of functioning which could make one sympathize with the alarms about opening up a pandora's box of crime, in such a climate of seeming disconcern for the sufferings of the individual.  Who is being saved from what, and who really cares?  If the answers to these questions are not resolved, then what sense does it make to put such alarms into a non-existent context.
"There may be securicams running 24 hours a day all around us,  but mechanical surveillance is not the same as people actually getting attention or care."
And it's not the same as actually knowing what is important to an individual, and it does not  convince that, although truly important values which could build up a society are being neglected, attending to these exceptional threats to safety will keep everyone from total disaster.
"You want to impress me with your deep concern for children?  This is Chicago!  Go down to the Projects and rescue some children from being terrorized and recruited by crack gangs who wouldn't know a modem if it bit them on the ass!"
Another convincing demonstration of efficacy in responding in a coordinated fashion to the safety requirements of a great society, protecting the sacredness of vulnerable littel children, the purity of the moral atmosphere, and being of practical use to all.  Maybe I could appreciate someone's deep concern for my safety, but yet be unconvinced of the consequential benefit of their ministrations when there is so much evidence to the contrary.
I wouldn't make the points which B. Sterling made in quite the same way, but he did present the message to our "guardians" that they are not pulling the wool over *every*one's eyes, that their hypocricy is patent, and that their motives are ridiculous about their proposed goodwill to mankind.

@_date: 1994-05-26 14:34:15
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Unicorn vs.... 
"I'd be very interested in which course (or some other undefined course I didn't think of) that the anarchists feel would be reasonable..."
I would have considered the nature of the situation - of what it means to have one's words/pseudonymous email image reconfigured by someone whom everyone else on the net pretty much ignores, whose attacks increasingly deteriorate, whose rants are laughable, who argues in circles, and who replies to himself in public email.
I would have addressed the circumstance in psychological, rather than legal, terms.
Gingerly & carefully, as to a wild beast in the jungle, or to a fool on the highway.

@_date: 1994-05-26 16:03:19
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Unicorn vs.... 
If I say :  "The moron who bought RJR Nabisco is a Nazi," I have refered to
no specific person, but the meaning is clear.
Similarly if I refer to the "dolt who posts as tom jones is a Nazi" I am
This means that there are a lot of credulous people out there.
I wonder what would happen if I was to say:  "Santa Claus is coming to town."
The consequences are predictable.

@_date: 1994-05-27 20:47:13
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Unicorn suit 
Again, it is not my responsibilty to guard myself against defamation.
I should be able to conduct business, without interference, in peace,
with whomever, whenever, whatever, and however uptight, as I choose.
But who will guard you against defamation when you insist on doing business so indiscriminately, wouldn't you say that you bear a bit of responsibility for the kind of associations you engage in which could endanger your reputation?
If you were doing a furniture business deal with third-world drug lords (you never know!) and they suddenly declared you to be a scum-bag lawyer who was really a double-agent spy working with the DEA, could you expect much success in taking them to court for accusations which besmirched your reputation?
Guess you could try, huh.  Many things are possible, although somewhat difficult to achieve.

@_date: 1994-05-27 20:47:24
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Official Anarchism 
> is there an official  Anarchist codicil?  What makes one an official anarchist?
 Official Anarchists are issued an official certificate (suitable for framing). . . .
I have one of these,  stamped on my forehead.
It's in invisible ink, but somehow collectivists can always read it, and react as expected.

@_date: 1994-11-29 16:24:21
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CFV on Signing Posts To List? 
I disagree that a cypherpunk should be expected agree to commit everyone towards arriving at a consensus over whether anyone who posts to the list should sign their messages, or that the list owner should be expected to submit to their conclusions simply because that is what they agreed among themselves he ought do.
It's a matter of (anarchist) principle.

@_date: 1994-10-04 11:20:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Chomsky quote (thread from hell) 
The intended effect is to make us feel that such "extreme"
freedom of speech is a bit excessive and not really
necessary or desirable.
          . . .
Thus he is actually making a misleading and spurious
argument *against* freedom of speech at the same time as he
is piously declaring himself to be in favor of freedom of
James, couldn't he simply be taken at his word -  his explicit expression, rather than the implied "catty nastiness".  If it was not what he really meant, he would eventually be irritated enough by the full acceptance of his apparent support for liberty to come out and say more precisely what he really wants people to think, so they don't go on allowing freedoms which he is really trying to prevent.

@_date: 1994-10-04 15:26:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: your mail 
Market forces are lathargic, sometimes they need a boost.  I propose this boost
be accomplished with motivators like tax breaks, market assisters and
      . . . .
Anyone who thinks the Federal Government is the
driving force behind the majority of technological advancement (aside the
space program and military hardware) needs to take a good look.
Market forces being lethargic, sometimes they need a little boot, a little tax break, a little assistance.  Anyone who doesn't think so needs to examine their current Federal allowance.

@_date: 1994-09-07 09:42:18
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: believing three impossible things before breakfast 
. . . . . someone advocating that all you need to do is just tell teens to say "no"
to sex before marriage, then you won't need to distribute condoms without
parental permission....
Suddenly it hit me that the same frame of mind was clearly behind the
Clipper Initiative.
Are you saying that they think that if the phone moderators could just say "no" for us, overt supervisory functions could be eliminated?

@_date: 1994-09-12 13:00:28
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CONTROL FREAKS 
The senario that I see, is
    [1] the borders being closed....
    [2] All of the firearms and weapons being removed from
    private hands....
    [3] The U.S. economy being isolated from the rest of the
    world....
[1] If they stopped foreign businesspeople and tourists, the
economy suffers.  Without Mexican "guest workers" the price of
agricultural products go through the ceiling.  The US can[not] afford
to close its borders.
[2]  . . . Gun ownership is *growing* not declining.  These folks
are *serious* about keeping their weapons.  . . . .
[3] The US economy is broad, but not that broad.  Without world
trade (especially for petroleum) we would grind to a halt. . . .
...................................................................... Although I can't see the US arriving at Samuel's scenario completely,  neither can I prevent from seeing the threat which does rear its ugly head;  the trend is towards the proposal & acceptance of more controls.  It may not succeed 100%, but still there is an intervening time to consider during which the "legislators" attempt to accomplish just these things.
1)  The suffering of the economy has not stopped the big G in the past from preventing "guest workers" or others from crossing the borders, or at least giving them & their US employers a hard time in the process.
2)  Gun ownership may be increasing (among the "inner city youth" mostly, it appears sometimes), but nevertheless there are many other groups building up their campaigns against the possession of certain weapons and against "violence" per se.
3)  There are always groups in govmt & private industry who wish for protection against the vicissitudes of world trade problems;  if it were not for the efforts of those who constantly oppose them it is conceivable that the US could be closed to most areas of trade (even if only temporarily, until the pain becomes too great).
It isn't conceivable that the US would ever become 100% isolated and totalitarian, but it is true that there are many people who would support such measures as would arrive at that stage eventually, if they could have their way.
Sandy & others (including myself) may be able to reason that it wouldn't work to do such-and-such, because of the adverse consequences and because it wouldn't make economic sense, but it doesn't follow logically that the members of Congress & their supporters will also reason along the same lines.  Unfortunately I am constantly reading in the news that just such restrictive, constraining ideas and interests are being proposed in Congress and applauded by private groups.
I think that there may be a big tug-of-war between the growing contrasts in the political/philosophical inclinations of the citizenry of the US.   The lines between them are becoming more clearly demarcated (to myself, anyway).
(Oh  - and of course, there will be a role in there, in between, for crypto, what with all the secret messages they will all want to send to each other.)

@_date: 1994-09-15 16:44:19
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: PRIVACY REGULATIONS (A Matter of Form) 
But if you proceed "in forma pauperis" you don't need to know how to write one.
Must a person carry around a legal dictionary in order to have all the right terms to use just in case they are put in jail and to need to select the proper procedure?
(What shall it be:  habeas corpus? subjuciendum? forma pauperis?  I'm so confused.)
"Don't leave home without it."

@_date: 1994-09-19 10:34:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: HAPPY BIRTHDAY (H.E.A.T.) TO YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
~
                                  ~        ~
                              ~       !      ~
                          ~          .!.          ~
                      ~            .  !  .           ~
                      ~         /   /  \   \          ~
                        ~       |  |      |  |       ~
                           ~      \  \  / /      ~
                             ~       ::      ~
                                    ~ | ~
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
        |
                             %~~~~~~~~%
                         [------------------]
                         [------------------]
         [-----------------------------------------]
         [-----------------------------------------]
         [-----------------------------------------]
         May your light burn bright, and long.
         May you have many chocolate cakes & gourmet cookies.
         May you have many double tall mocha nutmeg lattes.
         May you find love & happiness.
         May your spirit & your finances both soar into the stratosphere.
         May you make many friends who write in parced sentences.
         May the Bluebird of Paradise visit your apartment.
         May you achieve total anarchy and maximum privacy.
         May this email totally embarrass you.
         X X X
         ~  Blanc

@_date: 1994-09-19 17:16:48
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Such a Sweetie Pie 
@  @   @  @
               @                          @
           @         ~           ~         @
                .        *            *        .
               .               \/                .
              .        .                 .        .
                .         .   .   .   .       .
                    .                       .
                            .    .    .
(please, no more!)

@_date: 1994-09-21 16:30:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: MAIL: crime and remailers 
Wow, this just re-inforces my feelings that RSA is scum and Bidzos
is at the heart of it and is extream slime and crud...
       ........
Maybe a sniper will hit him someday and free us from having to co-exist
with this jerk...
Well, you know, there was that threat from the NSA guy to run him over . . .
wonder if the offer still stands.
Would that make you feel better?

@_date: 1994-09-21 17:11:54
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: MAIL: Professional Crime 
Only if it could be worked through an anonymous remailer system and blind
escrow agent :-)
Well, hey  -   a real working model!  Something to measure the system against!

@_date: 1994-09-22 16:37:06
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Chomsky Arguments / Redefinitions 
But Chomsky defines peoples free choice to say one thing rather
than another thing, to listen to one source rather than another
source, to be "extreme coercion and control".
With this definition, it obviously follows that exterminating
those who engage in "extreme coercion and control" is an act
of self defence.
                         . . . . . .
In the same way, when Chomsky argues that speech is coercion, and choice
is submission, I know that he and his pals in the government are planning
to enhance our civil liberties by protecting us from that speech, and
to enhance our lives by rescuing us from that submission.
...................................................................... I haven't read Chomsky and have limited acquaintance with the labor theory of value, but I can appreciate the games people can play with torturing definitions to mean other than what is usually understood, until it isn't possible to recognize them.
I can't know if what you are saying about him is true, but I must say, you indicate well the things which it is important to pay attention to when someone prepares an intellectual pathway by means of the re-definition of the meanings of acts.
If that is what he does, I would be suspicious, too.

@_date: 1994-09-22 17:11:29
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: THE LAST WORD... (maybe) 
Now everybody can either waste their time thinking up really
neat-o keen-o ways to whack innocent spouses, business enemies
and rich uncles, or you can support strong crypto and privacy by
thinking up ways to mitigate the potentially negative
side-effects of crypto-anarchy.
Isn't it just another means to an end, like all others.   Should only a few be allowed to use a system, method, or invention; should there be barriers against tools because someone might misuse them or misapply them, etc. (same arguments)
My question, in noting the possibilities discussed, was to consider what the means of defense would be against such an event transpiring.   Not a responsibility for some law-enforcement agency to take up, but for potential victims.  Not that there is anything specific which cypherpunks should think up to counter the possibility that crypto will be used for murder-for-hire, but just that it is always necessary for independent anarchist types to arrange for their own solutions to the problems of technological advancement (or any other kind).
"Technology" (actually, technologists) make new things possible or easier, and those who exist in the milieu within that culture must find a way to deal with the consequences of the new introduction into their midst.  That is the ideal, right   -  you ascend to new heights of knowledge, ability, and efficacy, rather than keeping everyone on a lower level of functioning because someone might get out of hand and create a problem for others.
I wouldn't think,  "oh, it can't be done", simply because I myself can't imagine it.  I would think, "so  - what could I do about that", seeing as how it could be possible to someone and as how it isn't realistic to expect to be able to stop *every* one from reasoning along those lines.
And I can think of things which an individual could do to deal with such contingencies, but could there be a crypto solution?

@_date: 1994-09-26 09:24:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Chomsky (Thread from Hell) 
You could try actually reading what the man's written before dismissing
him on one person's inflamatory rhetoric.  I assure you, what he has to
say is quite interesting, whether you agree with it or not (I don't
always). . . . . .
Sure, with all those questions on my mind I wouldn't just dismiss him entirely or not examine any of his work - I suffer too much from curiosity to do that.   But as I'm already quite familiar with the ideas at issue, the controversy surrounding what what he, in particular, has to say does not much alarm me whether he is right or wrong, unless he happens to be someone who is in a position to affect a part of my life directly.  Then for sure I would investigate him more

@_date: 1995-02-13 11:12:24
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Is Cyberspace Rich Enough? 
"(Actually, cyberspace is partly getting "bigger" and partly
"increasing in dimensionality." Dimensionality of a space can be
related to how many neighbors one has....think of the two nearest
neighbors one has in a 1-D space, the 4 (or 8 if diagonals are
considered) neighbors in a 2-D space, the 6 in a 3-D space, and so on.
Arguably, if one has "100 close neighbors" in a space, it is roughly a
50 dimensional space. An equivalent formulation is in terms of the
radius of the n-sphere that everyone fits into. For example, the "six
degrees of separation," the 6 "handshakes" that separate nearly any
two people in America, suggests that American society is in some
important sense roughly a 15-17 dimensional space, because in some
sense all 250 million Americans "fit into" a hypersphere of radius 3
(diameter 6) when the dimensionality is around 17. (Or slightly lower,
as the slight corrections to V = r ^ n have to be included, which I'm
not bothering with). What "increased connectivity" does is to increase
dimensionality, about as one would expect from our usual metaphors
about "a multidimensional society" and "the world is
shrinking"...indeed it is shrinking, even as the absolute volume
         Well, what I want to know about this, is:
          what are the symmetries involved in the product?
          (I learned that question this weekend)
"What Cypherpunks should be pushing for, in my view, is this increased
dimensionality. More places to stick things, more places to escape
central control, and more degrees of freedom (which has a nice dual
meaning I once used as the working title for a novel I was working
I think that this proliferation of places will increase as people find immediate, practical or entertaining uses for home pages and places to stash info, before they will seek to find places to hide, to evade detection, to escape notice, or to blend into the milieu as the aim of their cyberspatial activity.
And shouldn't there be some mention of the "hardware" involved in making cyberspace possible?  Wouldn't there some requirement for more cables underground to places which don't yet have them, and utility companies to manage the flow of electricity, etc?   I don't know a great deal about these things, but it's hardly ever mentioned here, as though electricity just flows by itself somewhere called 'cyberspace' and all one ever has to think about (besides crypto and software commands) are how to plug oneself in, like 3C-PO.    But somebody has to install the plugs in, first.
    ..

@_date: 1995-01-04 14:42:04
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Siegel and Lewis 
Why is it that so many cypherpunks like the economist?
I learned recently that Eric is a big fan. So am I. You're certainly
not the first other cypherpunk to mention this. Weird. I mean, it's
not exactly a radical publication... it just gets its *& facts
right. Probably this is it.
I like it for its classy, stylish prose.
And the fact that it presents an economic perspective on world events.
    ..

@_date: 1995-01-05 16:47:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: True Names 
I see copies in used bookstores often. It's in the collection "True
Names and Something-or-other" and was in print until recenly. I also
have the Bluejay edition, with an afterward by Marvin Minsky.
I bought one at Half-Price Books.  I don't know what edition it is, it's a dingy little paperback with a signature in it of some stranger that I wouldn't know.   I keep it with my "previously owned" collection.

@_date: 1995-01-05 17:50:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: True Names 
No, No, Jim, that wasn't me saying that  -  that statement was made by a cpunkgod.
Mine was beneath it.

@_date: 1995-01-06 13:51:51
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Carol Anne - C'Punk Poster Person? 
It occurs to me that Carol's problem may well be of
considerable interest to c'punks and free speechers
everywhere.  Not that I favor spam or it's derivatives -
but Cancelmoose and others define spam as *_50_* or
more groups, esp. without crossposting.
It occurs to me that Carol's problem is personal, that we don't know all of the details, that the sysadmin responsible is in contact with her and appears quite willing to communicate on the episode, to explain to her the reason for the action taken as well as being willing to provide to her opportunity to retrieve all of her email, etc. as well as to talk to her new provider and explain once again the details of the situation.
If the sysadmin's action was the result of regulation, then it would be apropos for a wider range of interest, but it appears to be the decision of an individual sysadmin acting on his own prerogative.   Objections could be sent to him personally, unless someone wanted to make him answer to the list for his judgement and decision, and spend a lot of time arguing with him about it.

@_date: 1995-01-12 14:28:47
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Reefer madness 
Ever seen a Turkish prison film, Reuben?
I don't get it.   (I haven't seen one)

@_date: 1995-01-20 12:49:29
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: IRS "DataBase" 
A funny -    I just saw this in some email:
 (Sorry, I didn't mean to bring up an crypto-unrelated political party/tax discussion.   This is *strictly* a matter for Logic and Anarchy.)
    ..

@_date: 1995-01-30 11:33:14
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "bad" government 
disinformation, have always attempted to keep true power from the hands of
the people.
So why are you on the wrong side?
So considering the political consequences from the use of cryptography, as continuously elaborated upon here, what are you doing on this list  -  learning how to achieve a libertarian ideal?
    ..

@_date: 1995-01-30 12:02:47
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "bad" government 
Since this isn't a list for discussion of politics, I'll simply suggest that this isn't the right place to discuss this.
. . . . . because otherwise it will interfere with reading all those other posts on Unix.
(You're right, of course.)
    ..

@_date: 1995-01-30 17:41:22
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "bad" government 
Do you assume privacy and protection from arbitrary power are solely
libertarian concerns?  If so, educate yourself and check out the ACLU
and Amnesty International ...
You can check out each group, each organization, each institution, etc. one by one, and eventually arrive at the realization that it's a matter of principle.    Anyone can make your life hell, even the "good guys" who are supposed to know better and whose talents are engaged supposedly for the support of great ideals.
"Oh Liberty, what crimes have been committed in your name."
    ..

@_date: 1995-01-31 10:01:23
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "bad" government 
What's your point?  Got a principle that *hasn't* been
The original statement I made was in response to Richard Moore, who was wondering out loud why someone else on this list was "on the wrong side";   I remarked in essence that he likewise is seemingly on that side, as cryptography, in its development, is designed to serve the purposes of individuals in disproportion to governmental control over it.
I'm not assuming that "privacy and protection from arbitrary power are solely libertarian concerns" either.   Yet I don't need to "check out the ACLU and Amnesty International ..." to understand the many possibilities and dangers.
My remarks were intended to indicate that it isn't necessary to inspect the varying degrees of comparative corruption or betterment in any of the institutions which these political arguments encourage;  if you understand full well the principle involved, or what it is that is "wrong", then it shouldn't be too difficult to see the similar impropriety wherever it becomes manifest.
     ..

@_date: 1996-04-18 10:37:31
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "STOP SENDING ME THIS SHIT" 
Suvcrivers, Look Out -  Perry is on a roll!!!
(as he smiles quietly to himself.........)
    ..

@_date: 1996-04-19 13:34:28
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: EARN $350 PER DAY!!! 
I received the message below today, addressed to me.  Notice the info at
the bottom.  I didn't follow the instructions.  But this could be what
some people are receving which prompts them to send "unsuvscrive
   ..
Blanc

@_date: 1996-08-14 08:38:39
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
You have to be able to imagine the advantages, and you can only imagine
them when you have the background to understand the difference between
having fewer choices rather than more, a limited market base rather than
an open one full of unlimited opportunity, and the increased domestic
tensions from frustrated consumers who are likely to set up blackmarkets
as work-arounds to the lack of desired goods & services. Essentially, you have to want to see, and work for, the difference
resulting from unprotected markets.   I think people who put up a lot of
objections are afraid and do not want any proof of their error.   You'd
have to hold their nose to the figures, and even then they might close
their eyes....
   ..

@_date: 1996-08-15 06:35:44
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
I said in my post:
Are you the one putting up the objections?  Are you the one who does not
want to see the proof which you are asking for?  I would think that
after having read Mises, Hayek, et al, the economic cause&effect
principles which they outlined would make the resulting situation pretty
   ..

@_date: 1996-08-16 08:29:08
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
Well, first of all, I never intended to provide one.   I don't know why
you are asking for proof.   I don't know why anyone should be moved to
give one to you.     ..

@_date: 1996-12-03 12:19:36
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
Irrelevant, of course.  Some of the most terrible people in the world
have been pleasant.  D. Denning may or may not be the most terrible
person in the world, but her pleasantness is unrelated.
Statements like these, with which cpunks retort to each other all the
time, are examples of the ever-continuing exercise of logic which goes
on on the list - even if not formally delineated nor announced as being
of such intent (LOGOS).   I am glad for the points which "Sir Galahad" brought up, because they
point out the difference between essential vs non-essential elements in
arguments like this one.   Objections present the opportunity to more
definitely identify what *is* the critical element which makes up the
substance of an issue (such as what is really is offensive and
objectionable about Denning, aside from her personality
     Denning is considered credible solely because her statements are
     consistent with the interests and views of those in authority.
Yet even if one's statements are not consistent with the established
authorities, they could be  credible and noteworthy to a wide audience,
were the statements in consonance with reality, expressing truths
observable to any (once they were isolated and identified) and
understable to those who hear or read them.  The 'authorities' (appointed, not necessarily actually  "authorities" in
terms of knowledge) may find Denning's statements agreeable because
these support their own views and government positions, but what is
crucial in this support is the consequence of her arguments about GAK:
if her statements convince the right people into complicity, into giving
up the authority over their right to self-determined privacy, then the
'authorities' will be satisified that they will not have to deal with
any protesting opposition which would prevent them from implementing
their plans - they can proceed with their 'authority' intact, as though
it had been validated.
But if she (among others, of course) cannot convince the right
influential bodies that passive acceptance of the 'authorized' point of
view is correct and noble, then this means that the authorities cannot
not proceed as they would like, and this would reduce the power of their
position in society.
If there was not an issue of power involved, it wouldn't matter so much
what Denning has to say or whether it is credible or not.   But if what
she has to say adds support to the positions of those already in
'authority' - that is, if people accept her arguments for GAK in place
of their own apprehensions against it, then control in the central
corridors of government will have been preserved and it will be
'business as usual'.
So is Denning offensive because she is unpleasant per se, or do negative
opinions of her exist because of who/what she is supporting? i.e.,
because she is on "their" side, rather than "ours", because she employes
her reasoning to their benefit, rather than to ours whose singular
authority in this matter is under contention?
    ..

@_date: 1996-12-04 14:08:59
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Silence is not assent (re the Vulis nonsense) 
If you, Sandy, and the other offenders *really* want to keep the noise
down, then next time ask John directly for a reply, and if none is
forthcoming, say to the list *once*, "John will not answer up", etc.,
and let the subscribers draw their own conclusions from the silence,
instead of from your inane "defenses".
As for myself, I was not speaking for Gilmore nor defending him when I
added my reply to the discussion.   I brought up an item which others
had overlooked (the fact that Vulis had challenged John to censor him)
as specific reference to include in their judgement of his actions, as
well as illustrating how Vulis had invested a lot of effort in
motivating someone into just such a response.
As I mentioned in another post yesterday, situations like this, where
people overlook elements in an argument, are opportunities for others to
"fill in the blanks" or add commentary to clear up the understanding of
a situation.  It is not unusual for cpunks to post their opinions about
an event on the list.   The cpunks have strong opinions regarding
censorship and there are always arguments about the details of its
impropriety or the place of it in a society; the list is a form of
cyberspatial "virtual" society, and if the concept of censorship vs
private property as it affects the list comes up, it is to be expected
that the ideas will be addressed.
So I (and others as well) were addressing the *ideas* of censorship &
the actions of private property owners, arguing in regard of a more
precise & correct understanding of the principles involved,  as
exemplified by John's actions  -  but not in place of his own
"self-defense" of them.
Frankly, most of the long-time members of the list would not need any
such statements of defense from John in order to appreciate the nature
of the circumstance and the reasoning for his symbolic 'censorship'.
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-05 16:20:36
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Silence is not assent (re the Vulis nonsense) 
still a
I don't know what you mean by "forcing the issue more into the open".
Do you mean the issue of John' s not replying, or of censorship per se?
If you mean "forcing the issue of John not defending himself on the
list", I don't see where the issue needs to be forced.   John has rarely
posted to the list since it started, and typically only announcements of
events or crypto papers/conferences, etc.; he does not engage in the
discussions at all.   I personally have no argument with his decision
over when he posts or what he cares to post about, or how much or how
little.   My own interest in the list has nothing to do with whether the
list owner is moved to defend himself or not.   I'm free to roam at
will, read or delete, post or unsubscribe, publicly and loudly or
privately & quietly.   I don't feel constrained in any way, shape or
form to stay or go or speak or stay quiet.   I make all my own decisions
about this and John never knows nor, I expect, suffers any concern over
it.  And vice-versa.   I (and apparently many others) do not feel the need to discuss John's
decisions.  I, and others, are not bound, like geese flying in
formation, to follow his lead, nor are we going to fall apart at a loss
for direction if he fails to "show up".
What I meant by what "others had overlooked" was in regard of the
content of posted messages which I have read, not in regard of *which*
poster's messages are overlooked/not read by others.    Tim can have whatever opinion he likes about censorship or size or
content, and none of us are under any obligation to either agree or
disagree with him.   On a libertarian/anarcho-capitalistic list like
this, the individuals who have elected to join and lurk or post are not
expected to do anything but follow their interest.  There are more than
1200 subscribers to the list; if each and everyone of them had decided
they had something to say to each other about the concept of the rights
of the person whose computer these messages are all flowing through,
that would have been their fortunate privilege to do, as no one has put
any limit to the number of messages allowed, from any one, during any
particular period of time.  (Of course they would all be expecting not
only that their particular message would be read, but that everyone
would absorb their wisdom, right.  Not!)
What really happened is that, upon weighing the relative merits of
John's action vs Vulis' contributions, what John did was seen as more of
a benefit than a detriment, and this dimmed any arguments which might
have been raised against it.   It's not like everyone was clammoring for
the privilege of reading what Vulis had to say or there aren't any other
avenues to getting his literary works.
The "unspoken" understanding on the list is that it was started by a
couple of guys who happen to be very libertarian/cryptoanarchist in
their philosophy of life (not simply as it applies to cryptography, but
rather as cryptography relates to that philosophy).  I put "unspoken" in
quotes because there have been no end of discussion and comments and
replies and retorts and flames on this very subject in the past years
since I've been on the list (Oct '93, and it is actually what attracted
me to subscribing), so it has hardly gone unmentioned and to many is no
surprise, although is often difficult to for them to see or agree with.
I recommend that you go through the archives and do a little light
reading.  Your mind will soon be saturated with the flavor of the
underlying theme, and you will Understand.
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-05 18:47:15
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Silence is not assent (re the Vulis nonsense) 
Well, I see that my email came out a bit skewed, so I'm reformatting a
bit and resending to make it more readable:
if he doesn't, say to the list that he has I don't know what you mean by "forcing the issue more into the open".
Do you mean the issue of John' s not replying, or of censorship per se?
If you mean "forcing the issue of John not defending himself on the
list", I don't see where the issue needs to be forced.   John has rarely
posted to the list since it started, and typically only announcements of
events or crypto papers/conferences, etc.; he does not engage in the
discussions at all.   I personally have no argument with his decision
over when he posts or what he cares to post about, or how much or how
little.   My own interest in the list has nothing to do with whether the
list owner is moved to defend himself or not.   I'm free to roam at
will, read or delete, post or unsubscribe, publicly and loudly or
privately & quietly.   I don't feel constrained in any way, shape or
form to stay or go or speak or stay quiet.   I make all my own decisions
about this and John never knows nor, I expect, suffers any concern over
it.  And vice-versa.   I (and apparently many others) do not feel the need to discuss John's
decisions.  I, and others, are not bound, like geese flying in
formation, to follow his lead, nor are we going to fall apart at a loss
for direction if he fails to "show up".
What I meant by what "others had overlooked" was in regard of the
content of posted messages which I have read, not in regard of *which*
poster's messages are overlooked/not read by others.    Tim can have whatever opinion he likes about censorship or size or
content, and none of us are under any obligation to either agree or
disagree with him.   On a libertarian/anarcho-capitalistic list like
this, the individuals who have elected to join and lurk or post are not
expected to do anything but follow their interest.  There are more than
1200 subscribers to the list; if each and everyone of them had decided
they had something to say to each other about the concept of the rights
of the person whose computer these messages are all flowing through,
that would have been their fortunate privilege to do, as no one has put
any limit to the number of messages allowed, from any one, during any
particular period of time.  (Of course they would all be expecting not
only that their particular message would be read, but that everyone
would absorb their wisdom, right.  Not!)
What really happened is that, upon weighing the relative merits of
John's action vs Vulis' contributions, what John did was seen as more of
a benefit than a detriment, and this dimmed any arguments which might
have been raised against it.   It's not like everyone was clammoring for
the privilege of reading what Vulis had to say or there aren't any other
avenues to getting his literary works.
The "unspoken" understanding on the list is that it was started by a
couple of guys who happen to be very libertarian/cryptoanarchist in
their philosophy of life (not simply as it applies to cryptography, but
rather as cryptography relates to that philosophy).  I put "unspoken" in
quotes because there have been no end of discussion and comments and
replies and retorts and flames on this very subject in the past years
since I've been on the list (Oct '93, and it is actually what attracted
me to subscribing), so it has hardly gone unmentioned and to many is no
surprise, although is often difficult for them to see or agree with.  I recommend that you go through the archives and do a little light
reading.  Your mind will soon be saturated with the flavor of the
underlying theme, and you will Understand.
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-06 12:48:42
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Silence is not assent (re the Vulis nonsense) 
If you could analogize the list to a human society, then you might
understand that a pattern of decadence can set in here as it does in
the more visible society, as is run from Washington DC, etc.
It is my hope to make a contribution here (as in the more visible
to fight off some of that decadence, even when I get beat up on for it.
There is a huge the difference between a society of people relating to
each other based on principles of coercion vs an extemporaneous society
of individuals who make their own decisions (daily) about when/where/how
long they will associate with another.
The society run by Washington,D.C. expects that people will have no
choice but to fly in formation in the direction set by the leader who
represents the majority (sort of).
The virtual "society" of the cpunks is only based on their interest in
opening up their mail and reading a few messages here & there according
to their mood of the day or the moment.   It is true that formal societies, like the one which was initially
intended by The Founders (of the US), often run afoul of the original
purpose for which it was begun.   They decay for many reasons.   This is
precisely one of the elements in the background of the cpunks thinking
("the founders" and others) about societies and the "ties that bind"
(supposedly) us to each other:  the interest in being released from that
supposition that we are bound to each other and are obligated to
maintain a relationship of some kind (as determined by the PC moral
The concepts are too involved to discuss the details on this list, but
the fact that individuals do not maintain a steady and predictable
course throughout their lifetime, or the lifetime of the projects which
they begin, is the very reason why your attempts at "fighting off the
decadence" are doomed:  the objects of your attention may not hang
around on the list long enough to be reformed.   Remember the purpose of the list is discussion & information, not moral
rehabilitation (except as it clears the intellectual air regarding
privacy & potential crimes to humanity).  It could happen that some
decadent subscriber would "see the light" and behave themselves, but if
it does I expect it would be an indirect side-effect and the result of
their own desire to change their style & manners.
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-13 15:35:13
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Is This for Real? 
Can you trust anecdotal evidence?  Stay tuned for the latest update from . . .
Yikes - now we need a discussion on teleology & epistemology.
   ..
* (just kidding.  It's Friday afternoon)

@_date: 1996-12-13 18:31:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Is This for Real? 
It's not the Cypherpunks that are crazy - it's the world! ;-)
That's right, Red.   Actually, I'm not in need of persuasion regarding the subject of
evidence (anecdotal or otherwise).  I'm aware of human nature and the
frailties of intellect/psychology which can affect the results.   It's
easy to trust another's word when one does not have much knowledge of
what can go wrong or doesn't know "how to know", or how to distinguish
between fact & fancy.   It's also easy to ignore evidence even when it
is blatantly apparent, so that no amount of persuasion will convince a
person to give up a mistaken conclusion.  There are vested interests at
work in the things people do, and it is sometimes shocking to realize
that these have been at play when one wasn't expecting it, as in your
example from Richard Feynman.
That is why it is very important to always note whose interest is being
served in any sort of persuasive bit of news from any source.   A good
question to keep in mind is "what are they trying to accomplish".     ..
Blanc

@_date: 1996-12-19 11:41:40
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: permanent invasion of privacy 
Maybe if you got off your ass and did something worthwhile for society,
things would really change for the better.  But I won't hold my breath.
Don't be so presumptious, Dale.   I could be a secret cpunk NSA
tentacleH^H^H^H^agent on the list trying to discourage people from
pursuing certain ideas - like yours, for example.    ..
Blanc (LOL)

@_date: 1996-12-20 21:11:16
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Life with Dale 
[.....]what was left of her [is] rotting in a grave somewhere north of
[...] interestingly, the Cypherpunks had a big beach party between
Pescadero (where Dubroff lived) and Half Moon Bay (where she flew out
of) just a couple of days prior to her departure. (This was the beach
party put together by Doug Barnes, last spring.)
   ..
Blanc

@_date: 1996-12-30 17:38:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crypto reg clarification from Commerce Department 
These make more sense with the following modifications to the
 (c) Definition of U.S. person. For purposes of this section, the term U.S. person includes:
    (1) Any retard who is a citizen of the United States, a permanent resident alien from Planet X, or a protected person formerly-known-as-criminal as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3);
    (2) Any juridical organization under surveillance by the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including foreign branches; and
    (3) Any Borgs in the United States.
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-30 18:03:53
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
This is the message I got in response to my post regarding Mr. May's
offensive, racist, and bigoted post about ebonics.   I have made
overtures towards peace and tried to explain that I thought that the
Doctor's verbal slapping was not as bad as it seemed, maybe even he
deserved it!.  He refuses to answer.  He's just a pussy, I guess. Like's to make terroristic threats.  To Nam vets, yet.  Ballsy, Tim!
You have to understand - Tim is from California.
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-30 22:39:36
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
Yes, part of that "higher standard" is to keep your fucking mouth shut about that piece in your sholder holster.  Those that brag that they are packing and won't hesitate to use it are usually those that freeze under fire or snap at the workplace.
In cyberspace, elimination is accomplished with "delete" keys and "kill
files", right?
(L.Detweiler used to complain about how many cyberdeaths he had
Outta sight, outta mind...
   ..

@_date: 1996-12-31 09:30:18
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
Why is it that governments always seem to be so self-congratulatory
about allowing the citizens to be 'free' to do those things that the
government 'allows' them to do?
Not to start a thread specifically on government bashing, but Toto'
statement is so on-target about the kind of attitude which emanates from
what regulators say and do.  It is their underlying assumption that only
they have the moral discernment to determine the parameters of
propriety; which makes them think that no 'underling' has the right of
It can be seen in statements they make such as as:  "there are no
provisions in Super Legislation Bill 200A.666.b.32xy.450z for individual
exemptions from voluntary contribution".   (well, excuse Me! )
So this means that an individual can feel "free" to act only when these
people feel magnanimously generous enough to allow it.  No reference to
Reason or Logic in the way things work in Reality, only that an action
is inhibited or allowed "because this piece of paper says so".
Therefore from their perspective and their re-definition of "person",
Human Motivation derives its validity solely from their "provisions" for
it.   All other determining factors are Prohibited by Law.  How can you argue with that?    ..

@_date: 1996-02-13 12:36:28
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: LI Newsday OpEd: Criminal Justice System 
That's right:  crytpo-anarchy is a time-consuming business, and there isn't
much time in which to prepare for the New Cyberspatial Millenium.
Everybody get Back To WORK !!
                     :>)    ..

@_date: 1996-07-03 15:47:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: fbi botches intel "ecspionage" case 
One day in a future galaxy, "ecspionage" will involve locating
    ..

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:57:20
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Government: Home-Business 
For this particular one, I faxed all 6 pages back to the phone number
they gave ("send your check to.....), declining the offer.
   ..

@_date: 1996-07-25 11:55:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: FW: Schelling Points, Rights, and Game Theory--Part II 
appeal-to-God or "natural rights" interpretation.
So there is the "game theory" interpretation of "rights" as would be
understood by an individual within a group of 2 or more, or a "society"
of many individuals, and then there is the interpretation of how anyone
might interpret the concept even if they were not a member of any
society but lived totally alone in the wilderness?
I don't know why these would be categorized as being part of a "game" -
evolutionary or otherwise.   A game is something that is evaluated
somewhat outside the context of our regular life - a diversion, an
accessory, even if it also can be taken seriously or if it can become a
career for some people.   It is not given the same significance as other
practical pursuits like medicine or engineering, which are intended to
have definite, practical, beneficial results.
Any person normally posseses some ability to determine the propriety to
themselves of certain things in existence:  they  have some measure of
ability to make judgements over what is "right" or "wrong" for humankind
similar to themselves.   Most people develop some sensitivity to the
difference between that which is destructive to the goals & values of
living things versus that which is supportive of them;  most everyone is
expected to improve the ability to think  about these things as they
grow up, even if they don't hold formal arguments with anyone else about
it.   But people's minds work on overtime and just because they can make
judgements, they therefore do make judgements, and furthermore they
intend that everyone else should accept these same conclusions - they go
into "global mode", expecting that their perspective will be
incontestably valid over all.    But I wouldn't think that they imagine themselves to be playing a game.
I think they're quite serious about it, and "rightly" so, as the
consequences of these decisions have major effects upon the quality of
their life and happiness.  I think  that to think of these concepts in
terms of game theory is to miss the place of significance which these
decisions have in the life of conscious, self-determining beings like
ourselves; that it doesn't do justice to the need to achieve
correspondence with the facts of life & molecular physics.   Or,  what's the Prize for these Olympics (and who cares)?
    ..
~ Blanc

@_date: 1996-07-30 12:14:55
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
Interest in crypto will spread when everyone's files are by law made
available to anyone working in a government agency and people begin to
get this growing feeling that there is something terribly wrong. . . .
   ..

@_date: 1996-07-31 06:32:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
Deja-vu.   Not to take away from the importance of this subject or any
of the fine points which Tim has made, but it looks like it's time for
the CPunk Annual August GAK Discussion on back-door deals, the NSA, and
the Big Software Companies.    :>)
   ..

@_date: 1996-08-01 05:27:52
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: SECURITY GUARD 
Speaking of "security" and all the excitement about getting people's IDs
(two of them), inspecting everyone's packages when they board planes,
etc. --
It has been mentioned in the news that there was a warning call to 911
about 30 minutes or so before the blast.   But "it didn't get to" the
right people until it was too late for them to do much about it.  There have been many other instances where the police or other security
personnel have been been sent notice that there was a bomb or other such
device to be on the alert for, but the warnings went unheeded.   Or as
in this case, the message "didn't get to" anyone in time.
So I was thinking that it makes a joke of the need for telephone
wiretapping to catch certain criminals and their dastardly plots, when
warnings go unheeded or the security departments themselves are totally
unprepared to respond appropriately in an emergency (also in the case of
a lone pipe-bomber, there wouldn't be any conspirators making calls to
coordinate the event).
Furthermore, checking on the security guard's ID didn't prevent the bomb
from going off and killing a couple of people.   And knowing that no
one's baggage in a plane contains explosives doesn't prevent some
imaginative loon from using other ways to create havoc & destruction -
from *outside* the plane or the building in which all those clean,
examined people are sitting.
Just more ironic notes on the issue of the needs of law enforcement and
our "national security".
   ..

@_date: 1996-08-01 10:46:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Violation or Protection? [OLYMPICS] 
But if the park was a private one, would it make any difference?
Between the "right" of being left alone, and the "legitimate needs" of
law enforcers to frisk suspicious looking characters - whether in public
or in private places - it seems rather difficult to draw that dividing
line between allowance and forbearance.
 I mean, either it is, or it isn't, a "right".   When could it really be
okay to violate that definition.  How are the law enforcers to do their
job if they can't intrude into your shopping bag, when it's a critical
National Emergency.  This is what Denning is always referring to.    ..
Blanc

@_date: 1996-08-01 11:30:17
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Dry Under the Waterfall 
What a difference it would make if along with the mandatory school
attendance everyone received a mandatory education in basic economics,
starting in Jr. High.
Legislators and socially conscious individuals bemoan the lack of jobs,
the downsizing of companies, the low salary wages, the imperative need
for re-training, etc. as social problems to deal with by government  --
yet the very thing which everyone could use the most of, that
information which could prepare the minds of "America's future" for
dealing with the way things work in a capitalist system and make it
easier to transition into a world of uncertainty - while the
administrations have the fortituous opportunity to provide it, is not
Not that I expect that classes in economics delivered through the public
schools would be all that accurate or therefore of much value, but the
point being that those people who publicly complain to the general
population about how the poor should receive subsidized support do not
consider the disfavor of having the school system take up 12 years of
everyone's time memorizing non-pertinent data, when they could have been
using that time to good purpose  -- *prior to* becoming independent
adults needing an understanding of what it takes to make a living.
"Knowledge is power", it is said.  There are a lot of powerless
beneficiaries of public education around.  Or that's what a lot of
people claim to be (powerless to help themselves).
   ..

@_date: 1996-08-01 13:33:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Violation or Protection? [OLYMPICS] 
"My company, or my country/government?" This is like kids trying to decide which parent's admonitions to heed.
There is a term I have heard to describe a situation, of "Clear &
Present Danger", where the policing forces of government are to be
allowed, or have the temporary right, to override all the rules which
normally would apply the rest of the time.   This is what I think people
calculate when they decide it's okay to have intrusions into their
person or belongings, whether they are in a public or private domain
("just for this time; after that everything will go back to normal").
I think everything should be immediately privatized.  That would solve
everything.  Everyone would always know where they stood,
philosophically & practically, depending on whose ground they were
standing on.
   ..

@_date: 1996-06-08 13:27:35
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Anonymous stock trades. 
Okay, but what does this have to do with anonymous stock trades?

@_date: 1996-06-11 13:18:16
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Slander of Catholic Church 
With apologies to Perry, who could give a flip, my day will not be
complete until Tim tells us about the funny underwear (and how he knows
about it).

@_date: 1996-06-18 15:39:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Micropayments are Crap 
Really.  This will be a tremendous boon for individuals, with great
potential for capitalistic profits, what with all those consumers
(otherwise known as "people") benefitting from the large variety of
services available through the Almighty Free Market (The Now
All-Oneness, All HTML One-Stop-Shop).
   ..

@_date: 1996-03-15 12:40:36
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: (Humor)  FW:  How to Win Arguments 
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an
argument on any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and
steer clear of me at parties.  Often, as a sign of their great
respect, they don't even invite me.  You too can win arguments.
Simply follow these rules:
        * Drink Liquor.
Suppose you're at a party and some hotshot intellectual is expounding on
the economy of Peru, a subject you know nothing about.  If you're
drinking some health-fanatic drink like grapefruit juice, you'll hang
back, afraid to display your ignorance, while the hotshot enthralls your
date.  But if you drink several large martinis, you'll discover you have
STRONG VIEWS about the Peruvian economy.  You'll be a WEALTH of
information.  You'll argue forcefully, offering searing insights
and possibly upsetting furniture.  People will be impressed.  Some may
leave the room.
        * Make things up.
Suppose, in the Peruvian economy argument, you are trying to prove
Peruvians are underpaid, a position you base solely on the fact that YOU
are underpaid, and you're damned if you're going to let a bunch of
Peruvians be better off.  DON'T say: "I think Peruvians are underpaid." Say: "The average Peruvian's salary in 1981 dollars adjusted for the
revised tax base is $1,452.81 per annum, which is $836.07 before the
mean gross poverty level."
        NOTE: Always make up exact figures.
If an opponent asks you where you got your information, make THAT up,
too.  Say: "This information comes from Dr. Hovel T. Moon's study for
the Buford Commission published May 9, 1982.  Didn't you read it?" Say
this in the same tone of voice you would use to say "You left your
soiled underwear in my bath house."
        * Use meaningless but weightly-sounding words and phrases.
        Memorize this list:
                Let me put it this way
                In terms of
                Vis-a-vis
                Per se
                As it were
                Qua
                So to speak
You should also memorize some Latin abbreviations such as "Q.E.D.,"
"e.g.," and "i.e."  These are all short for "I speak Latin, and you do
Here's how to use these words and phrases.  Suppose you want to say:
"Peruvians would like to order appetizers more often, but they don't
have enough money."
You never win arguments talking like that.  But you WILL win if you say:
"Let me put it this way.  In terms of appetizers vis-a-vis Peruvians qua
Peruvians, they would like to order them more often, so to speak, but
they do not have enough money per se, as it were. Q.E.D."
Only a fool would challenge that statement.
        * Use snappy and irrelevant comebacks.
You need an arsenal of all-purpose irrelevent phrases to fire back at
your opponents when they make valid points.  The best are:
        You're begging the question.
        You're being defensive.
        Don't compare apples and oranges.
        What are your parameters?
This last one is especially valuable.  Nobody, other than
mathematicians, has the vaguest idea what "parameters" means.
Here's how to use your comebacks:
        You say                 	As Abraham Lincoln said in 1873...
        Your opponents says     	Lincoln died in 1865.
        You say                 	Your begging the question.
                             OR
        You say                 	Liberians, like most Asians...
        Your opponents says     	Liberia is in Africa.
        You say                 	You're being defensive.
        * Compare your opponent to Adolf Hitler.
This is your heavy artillery, for when your opponent is obviously right
and you are spectacularly wrong. Bring Hitler up subtly. Say:  "That
sounds suspiciously like something Adolf Hitler might say" or "You
certainly do remind me of Adolf Hitler."
So that's it: you now know how to out-argue anybody.  Do not try to pull
any of this on people who generally carry weapons.
End Forwarded Article
       ..
~ Blanc

@_date: 1996-03-16 12:53:18
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Tim's friend's mildly retarded son 
(In response to my sig statement):
Yes. I know.   I am on the infamous Anarcho-Capitalist Cypherpunk List. But I am sending mail from my place of work, and I intended it as a sort
of "disclaimer".  Ha-ha.  I wasn't clear about that.
BTW, vis-a-vis the Tijuana Free Market qua government involvement with
addicting substances, I think your precision statitics below are
apropos, Q.E.D.   :>)  *
   ..
* you would have had to read my "How to Win an Argument" post to
appreciate this one.

@_date: 1996-03-29 18:55:54
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: What backs up digital money? 
So you mean rather than merely, or only, complaining that things have
not, or are not, working right (in our favor, to our benefit), because
of what Evil Old Men have done to the system as it now operates, the
discussion should go in the direction of:
.  "doing something about it", or .  ideas on methods and techniques which would work, which could
.  make a difference (potentially, hopefully) towards the success of
techie systems which would result in greater personal, individual
control, also including perhaps:
.  clarifications on why, in spite of the resistance of those who are
apprehensive about the break-down of law, these are a "good thing"
to promote and implement (for those who don't "get it"),
.  aiming more at postive improvements and successes in the future,
rather than focusing too much on past mistakes, failures, injustices
(where the reader could wonder, "so how does this relate").
...or something like that.
   ..

@_date: 1996-03-30 01:03:14
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: What backs up digital money? 
Perry, here's a question for you, and I am seriously interested in your
I agree that discussing the past history of money in relation to whether
the Federal Reserve should exist, or has the authority to issue "Notes",
and whether the Notes are actually worth anything, is too involved and
political and complex a discussion to pursue on this list.
But since electronic cash does involve encryption, and since this does
have social/political repercussions for the future of mankind, and since
the list does involve itself with an acute awareness of what this means
for life, liberty, and the pursuit of international wealth,
and since you know a lot about the place of free banking and currency in
the world economy (not to mention the Peruvian economy  ), and since it is a valuable exercise therefore to examine the logical,
valid perspective that one should have on this matter in order that one
be correct, rather than mistaken, on just how a fluid medium like
electronic currency could exist within this new cyber-world order while
not yet losing the attributes which have made it acceptable in the past,
what, then, would you yourself consider proper for discussion here?  A
brief outline would be sufficient, to create a context to keep in mind,
within which to contain & limit discussion, as we ponder the subject. Perhaps something which could be re-sent when newbies bring up the
question again.
   ..

@_date: 1996-05-09 09:46:50
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
In consideration of the difference between "ratings" and "reputation":
I think of a rating as something which is attached to something
"pre-knowledge", whereas a reputation is something which develops over
time & based upon informed knowledge ("after-knowledge").
A rating is applied to something (a service or whatever) by only those
few individuals who are acquainted with what they are rating.
A reputation is accumulated by the impressions made upon larger numbers
of individuals - a general population not necessarily employed to
collect these impressions - but who have nevertheless sufficient
exposure to and acquaintanceship with the person/service/etc. to make an
informed conclusion about it.  A rating can make a statement on what something "is" or is expected to
be (eg, general in content vs explicitly sexual), where a reputation
reflects on past behavior.
    ..

@_date: 1996-05-10 21:05:22
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
The fact that I, like others, am "free to assume" any connotation means
that there easily can exist confusion surrounding the definitions of
these terms, and that this can then create controversy in discussions
over what anyone means when they make references to them.
Those who intend to apply these concepts must determine what they think
they are doing (rating content, or establishing someone's reputation?)
and must communicate it to others clearly so as to be definitely
understood, else risk further compounding of confusion.
The word & the concept of "reputation" has been in use for much longer
than "rating".   In the most recent applications of the term "rating",
the idea has evolved to include such things as electronic web page
content.   It refers to a deliberate, conscious intent to establish a
measure, an estimate, or evaluation, of something that an individual or
group presents (information) or provides (service).   The rating is
intentionally applied and is intended to be used for communicating to
those who are seeking this specific kind of information, where a
reputation evolves "on its own", so to speak, as a coincidence of being
generally known.
"Reputation" is more a passive reference to the past, where "rating"  is
actively in regard of a present condition (with future expectations).
[These are just comments I have on this subject; I myself don't pay much
attention to ratings, as my own measures of things & people tend to be
quite different from most, and therefore not very useful for my
purposes.  So that's all I have to say about it, "Vlad".]
    ..

@_date: 1996-05-11 08:50:38
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
Not an extremely important point, but I just re-read my earlier message
and realized that my sentence below didn't exactly state what I meant:
I meant that the the *ratings* would not be very useful for my purposes
(at least, not the ratings as I've heard proposed so far.)   I probably
wouldn't have the same values or concerns of those who feel the need to
apply them; I wouldn't judge the material by the same standards (raters
are looking principally to create a means to censor material, and I
myself am not concerned about passive text&graphics.  When Java applets
begin to coerce cybersurfers into complicity, I'll start worrying about
One more word about automating ratings:
The more automated that filtering becomes, so that the viewer (be it an
adult or a child) requires less and less personal involvement in
evaluating what is appropriate (or even interesting) for themselves, the
more weak & piddly (ignorant & psychologically dependent) those people
could become, falling into the habit of having others - or an automatic
robocop - do their content-filtering for them.   Not a good system to
introduce into a dynamic world-order.  Like all automatic things, it can
encourage intellectual lassitude.  Like all tools, this one can also be
But, of course, surfers can make a cultural decision:  sex&violence?  or
namby-pamby? :>)
    ..
One voice among many.

@_date: 1996-05-19 01:24:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
Just had to say this, on two statements from Doug Hughes:
These sentiments are noble and on the face of them sound agreeably
empathetic with Mankind.
But what would be required to bring people "up"  (in spite of
themselves) and compose them into someone's idea of a good citizen in a
great society, would be to own them and thus to have the right to turn
them and shape them into what they "ought to be", so that they may
function on the same level as "everybody else".
Alternatively they could be set free (from tyrants & such - and we all
know who they are) to attend to the project of constructing a life, to
seek after creative solutions to the problems of existence on their own
chosen level of effort & ambition.
Which is what this American society was supposed to be about, I've read.
(Other countries have their own well-known methods of solving this
    ..
I hope I'm not the only one here who thinks so.

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:37:40
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Interactive Week exclusive - White House to launch "Clipper III" 
(So I guess it wouldn't be kosher to use the Mafia....)
    ..

@_date: 1996-05-23 15:03:10
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 2.20 - Clinton Administration Floats Clipper III Draft 
"To participate in the network a user needs a public key certificate
  signed by a CA [Certification Authority]   One condition of obtaining a certificate is that sufficient
information   (e.g., private keys or other information as appropriate) has been
  escrowed with a certified escrow authority to allow access to a   user's data or communications."
Along with the escrow requirement, I keep seeing in here somewhere the
eventuality of a tie being established between public keys and a
national identifying scheme, possibly to update and replace the present
Social Security system.
    ..

@_date: 1996-11-12 18:36:33
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
The crypto-relevance is via crypto anarchy: we need to undermine the tax
system enough that _everyone_, not just us, loses faith in it. Having more of the facts about how taxation works - how it affects an
individual in certain examples, providing the kind of calculating which
both Tim and Joseph have gone through, should do it (bring about the
loss of faith).  And Ross Perot would be the right person to communicate it, with his
charts and his detailed explanations  (so would Harry Browne, but he
doesn't yet have the cash for such advertising).  Ross doesn't want to do away with taxes completely, but he is at least
interested in their making sense.
   ..

@_date: 1996-11-12 19:06:42
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
I've posed similar questions to friends and aquaintences.  The
working-class stiffs (who can't easily hide from the IRS) feel taxes are
unwelcome but necessary burden in order to provide the blanket of
government protection they feel exists.  They resent and oppose
tax fraud.  Self-employed tend to be more open to 'alternative' income
Just before the elections I heard on NPR and read in an article in a
local newspaper, some people's stories of how they converted from
Democrat to Republican.
Most of them said that athough they were originally idealistic about all
the good things which government can do, when they started their own
businesses they were suddenly confronted with all the excruciating
regulation and rigmarole which any business must deal with on a daily
basis while just trying to get some work accomplished.   Very quickly
they realized the consequences of a lot of the government proposals
which they had heretofore supported.
So I realized that experience is not only the best teacher, but it is
also the best argument against bad cases of faith in government-run
economies.   Sometimes a person can't understand what the problem is
unless they've "been there", and once a person becomes self-employed,
starts a business, or becomes an investor in an enterprise, the light
dawns and they Understand.
I'm happy when I read that more and more of those people who are
"down-sized" or  layed off are turning to self-employment and starting
their own companies, because this means that more people will acquire
through direct experience (that is, confrontation with govmt agencies)
the details of real-life economics which were left out of high school &
college.  And this means more economics&tax-savvy voters in existence for govmt
candidates to face in the elections.
    ..

@_date: 1996-11-15 14:10:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Leadership and Inscrutable Deficiencies 
I think many people need to learn a lesson that cyberspace doesn't
change certain basic realities, such as how important a dynamic leader
is in forward motion in any area. but they
will have plenty of opportunities to learn over the next few years and
decades. and I'll be snickering in the sidelines as long as they wonder
aloud why their realities are as they are and they find the deficiencies
therein inscrutable.
Oh, Nuri, you're so Morally Superior and so far above us, being more
"up" than anyone on inscrutable deficiencies.    I find it incredible to
realize that it will take *years* in cyberspace before I learn about the
immutability of basic realities (and maybe about the Incommensurability
of the Diagonal, too).  Definitely it will be a very, very long time before I feel the need of
being led (around, by the nose?), in place of exercising self-control
and reasoned judgement.
   ..

@_date: 1996-11-19 10:24:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
Isn't asking about the "utility of privacy" like asking about the
utility of having a self independent from others - a separate identity
of one's own, subject only to one's own command, with complete authority
to determine the occasion of its visibility?   Is there anything justifiable about separating oneself from the company
of others and becoming non-visible to them, at those times when one is
out of their sight, away from their awareness of one's existence, of
one's activities, of one's thoughts & manners?
What do youall think you are, anyway?   Special?
   ..

@_date: 1996-10-11 21:21:31
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: "Internet II" and Clinton 
* a government attempt to reassert some sort of control over the
a la the "we paid for the Arpanet, so we can control what it's used
That's also what I've been thinking about, regarding the efforts to get
all the schools wired.   "It's our project and we can control it if we
want to."   I could almost paranoically get cause & effect confused,
thinking that the program for free internet access is merely an excuse
for assuming the control over the internet that the governors are
aspiring to achieve, rather than it being merely a contingent
consequence of their involvement with it.    I deplore the fact that so many people are lured into signing up for
internet access ( Hurry, Hurry, you don't know what you're missing on
Usenet!!!) without being mentally prepared for what they can expect to
see there.   Then they must suffer the shock of realization of what is
available, free & uninhibited.   (Ooops.   "They didn't tell us about
*that* stuff being there, (whine) take it way!")   But you just have to know that, once the governors decide to become the
Determining Factor in setting up everyone for internet access, they will
also become the determining factor in what everyone gets to see, and
therefore gets to post or send through the channels.
   ..

@_date: 1996-10-15 11:52:52
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: PLEDGES 
Wah whoo!  This, plus some other new pledges puts us over the
$1000 mark.  Now all we need is some show of intestinal fortitude
from Dimitri.
Well, hey -  if Dimitri is feeling kinda weak & puny, I'll take his
place.   Youall can pay my airfare & hotel charge, and I'll think of
something to talk about with you guys.
How about: Imaginative, Non-Crypto-Related Ways to Avoid the Government.
 (Uni? I'd be delighted to discuss this in person).   $1000 makes for a fine party!
   ..

@_date: 1996-10-18 14:13:57
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Goodbye 
The glory days are long past, and cannot be revived
by forming a new mailing list.
I've never thought of the cypherpunks as being of the mind to "abandon"
the "worthless" masses to their own devices.   Rather, I thought of them
as being of the mind to associate among those who thought like
themselves about privacy, who shared the values of self-reliance, who
supported the ideals of individual liberty, and who were open to
including on the list anyone who wanted to better understand the
subjects which are discussed there.
But that quote above reminds me of the patent office's statement, often
recounted, of how everything which could be invented had already been
invented, and there couldn't possibly be any more new ideas introduced.
It all depends, as usual, on the individuals involved -  on the quality
they bring to the subject, to the list, to the enterprise.
Interesting question:  what do elite sophisticates *do*, once they've
reached their pinnacle?
   ..

@_date: 1996-09-11 11:46:24
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: PIN_hed 
NCSA employs a number of ex-law enforcement officers       who try to infiltrate hacker networks and solve       problems before they start. "We track hackers by going       underground to their sites," Tippett said. "We pretend       to be their friends, but they fuck with our heads."  ..................................................................
   ..

@_date: 1996-09-25 06:22:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
If you don't very clearly reject his murderous ideas you are going to
regret it
just as the left regreted having the USSR or the RAF associated with
They wouldn't have to be repudiated in public.  They could be repudiated in private,
and he would never know what hit'im.
There's so much hypocricy in the world, anyway, with groups not doing
what they say or not saying what they really do, how can anyone believe
what any group claims to believe in unless and until they engage in some
kind of action.   You might as well spend your time believing John
Anonymous MacDonald.  It's best to be prepared to defend yourself
against anyone, regardless of what virtuous conduct they claim to
believe in.
   ..

@_date: 1996-10-01 12:08:37
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: POLL RESULTS 
Interesting that Detweiler returned with a _Russian_ nym.
I don't think LD is Russian.  I think he's actually an Asparagus.
    ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 13:16:47
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
With no false modesty I tried awfully hard to compose
substantive essays on crypto-political topics, often more than one per
(Others did too, but they seem to be tapering off as well, leaving the
to be dominated by something called a "Toto," the "O.J. was framed!"
ravings of Dale Thorn, the love letters between Vulis and someone name
Nurdane Oksas, and the occasional bit of crypto news. Ho hum. I'm glad
not reading the list in e-mail, and thus can easily avoid replying to
Your thoughtful contributions to the list are missed, Tim.   As soon as
I realized that you had left the list I suspected it had something to do
with its moderation.
However, I must protest the inclusion of Toto's posts as one of the
"inane".    His posts were intentionally formulated to cause to stand
out what was, indeed, inane -  as he said, to "hold up a mirror".    And
he continually decried the list experiment, pointing out the
philosophical contradiction of a moderated "anarchist" forum.
If the antidote to bad speech is more speech, then he certainly provided
some, although not on the level or style as yourself.   And you may say
that some of these posts are not worth replying to, but didn't I see you
respond to one of Dale's, regarding a photo of Jessica-the-pilot which
he keeps above his desk?
   ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:45:39
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
With no false modesty I tried awfully hard to compose
substantive essays on crypto-political topics, often more than one per
(Others did too, but they seem to be tapering off as well, leaving the
to be dominated by something called a "Toto," the "O.J. was framed!"
ravings of Dale Thorn, the love letters between Vulis and someone name
Nurdane Oksas, and the occasional bit of crypto news. Ho hum. I'm glad
not reading the list in e-mail, and thus can easily avoid replying to
Your thoughtful contributions to the list are missed, Tim.   As soon as
I realized that you had left the list I suspected it had something to do
with its moderation.
However, I must protest the inclusion of Toto's posts as one of the
"inane".    His posts were intentionally formulated to cause to stand
out what was, indeed, inane -  as he said, to "hold up a mirror".    And
he continually decried the list experiment, pointing out the
philosophical contradiction of a moderated "anarchist" forum.
If the antidote to bad speech is more speech, then he certainly provided
some, although not on the level or style as yourself.   And you may say
that some of these posts are not worth replying to, but didn't I see you
respond to one of Dale's, regarding a photo of Jessica-the-pilot which
he keeps above his desk?
   ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 20:12:07
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
Comments From:	Steve Schear  (in response to Vladimir Nuri-logical)
Even better, this [govmt "tech envy"] is an opportunity to choke off
all, or certainly
increased, funding in order to hasten its [govmt] collapse.
Don't improve it, remove it!
Democracy is not without its significant shortcomings. If you doubt this
read Tocquevelle.
Very pertinent suggestions.  Anyone who knows his history on the list
knows how Nuri-logical looks forward to the collapse of governments and
is especially fond of reading Tocqueville.
   ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 21:25:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
hi timmy, a word to the wise: it amuses me that whenever I referred
to a cypherpunk "community" my eyebrows were flamed off, by people
who claimed there was no such thing. a community has certain properties,
many of which I believe the cypherpunks "crowd" has always lacked.
LD, when you say "community" it means something else than when others
do.  When the cpunks said "community" they meant the camaraderie which
develops in the company of people with similar interests.  When you say
it, it means a group of people stuck to each other by rules of order and
socialization, with boundary lines predetermining the limits of their
The cpunks had intended that everyone would self-determine the extent or
limits of their interactions, thus arriving at a sense of "community"
from the decision to do so, rather than from being squeezed along
through "proper" channels. one aspect of the "crowd" that is lacking is LEADERSHIP. I have pointed
this out again and again. the cpunks believe that leadership is no
longer relevant in a digital society, somehow. the list is in the
shape it is in because of POOR LEADERSHIP.. neither you nor EH care
about what LEADERSHIP entails, or wish to exert the sacrifices that
it requires. Typically, people who yell for LEADERSHIP are those who either need it
themselves or are eager to supply it for others - i.e., to determine the
course of events.   Which one of these categories do you yourself fall
<<* The proper solution to bad speech is more speech, not censorship.
ah, so everyone should post 5 messages to the list, instead of 1, and
those that are quite should post 3. I would more precisely say that the solution to bad speech is better
speech, thus eliminating the need for 5 messages when 1 will do. YMMV.
Do you think this would hold up in reality?
quite an elegant solution. do you
see how the silly rhetoric fails to hold up in reality? when will you
get a clue about where your own views are really leading you? You're starting to sound like Ayn Rand. (heh)
   ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 21:29:25
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Filling Power Vacuums 
timmy, I encourage you to understand that leadership is not inherently evil. there are enlightened ways to lead people that
leave the group better as a whole. you just fell into the trap
of "negative leadership", the dark side of the force as you write.
imho, however, there is a light side of the force that still involves
Well, thank you, Master Yoda !   :>) Not speaking for Tim (I doubt he will answer you, anyway), but he *has*
supplied leadership.   Leaders can lead by example, and also by the
clarity of thought & ideas which they present.  I think he has quite
often supplied such qualities in his posts, and this has contributed
greatly to the atmosphere of anarchic "community". Speaking of leadeship, though, to "lead" implies that there is a place
to go, and that the leader is the one at the head of the pack,
indicating the proper direction (this would be the opposite of what
anarchists want, since they would be going not toward, but away from,
something).  If leadership is defined to mean setting a course for people who lack
direction, this implies the existence of followers who are willing to be
led into places and to adopt methodologies when they don't know what
else to do; that they will follow a leader who will supply structure and
purpose to their indecisive condition.
This does place a lot of responsibility upon a leader, then, for setting
the goal, the course, and the methodology.  That's a lot of formality to
impose; too much, when you're only exchanging ideas rather than formally
setting out to accomplish something specific (like by a particular time
& date). Is it Time for the Revolution?    ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 21:41:56
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
hi timmy, a word to the wise: it amuses me that whenever I referred
to a cypherpunk "community" my eyebrows were flamed off, by people
who claimed there was no such thing. a community has certain properties,
many of which I believe the cypherpunks "crowd" has always lacked.
LD, when you say "community" it means something else than when others
do.  When the cpunks said "community" they meant the camaraderie which
develops in the company of people with similar interests.  When you say
it, it means a group of people stuck to each other by rules of order and
socialization, with boundary lines predetermining the limits of their
The cpunks had intended that everyone would self-determine the extent or
limits of their interactions, thus arriving at a sense of "community"
from the decision to do so, rather than from being squeezed along
through "proper" channels. one aspect of the "crowd" that is lacking is LEADERSHIP. I have pointed
this out again and again. the cpunks believe that leadership is no
longer relevant in a digital society, somehow. the list is in the
shape it is in because of POOR LEADERSHIP.. neither you nor EH care
about what LEADERSHIP entails, or wish to exert the sacrifices that
it requires. Typically, people who yell for LEADERSHIP are those who either need it
themselves or are eager to supply it for others - i.e., to determine the
course of events.   Which one of these categories do you yourself fall
<<* The proper solution to bad speech is more speech, not censorship.
ah, so everyone should post 5 messages to the list, instead of 1, and
those that are quite should post 3. I would more precisely say that the solution to bad speech is better
speech, thus eliminating the need for 5 messages when 1 will do. YMMV.
Do you think this would hold up in reality?
quite an elegant solution. do you
see how the silly rhetoric fails to hold up in reality? when will you
get a clue about where your own views are really leading you? You're starting to sound like Ayn Rand. (heh)
   ..

@_date: 1997-02-03 21:43:32
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Filling Power Vacuums 
timmy, I encourage you to understand that leadership is not inherently evil. there are enlightened ways to lead people that
leave the group better as a whole. you just fell into the trap
of "negative leadership", the dark side of the force as you write.
imho, however, there is a light side of the force that still involves
Well, thank you, Master Yoda !   :>) Not speaking for Tim (I doubt he will answer you, anyway), but he *has*
supplied leadership.   Leaders can lead by example, and also by the
clarity of thought & ideas which they present.  I think he has quite
often supplied such qualities in his posts, and this has contributed
greatly to the atmosphere of anarchic "community". Speaking of leadeship, though, to "lead" implies that there is a place
to go, and that the leader is the one at the head of the pack,
indicating the proper direction (this would be the opposite of what
anarchists want, since they would be going not toward, but away from,
something).  If leadership is defined to mean setting a course for people who lack
direction, this implies the existence of followers who are willing to be
led into places and to adopt methodologies when they don't know what
else to do; that they will follow a leader who will supply structure and
purpose to their indecisive condition.
This does place a lot of responsibility upon a leader, then, for setting
the goal, the course, and the methodology.  That's a lot of formality to
impose; too much, when you're only exchanging ideas rather than formally
setting out to accomplish something specific (like by a particular time
& date). Is it Time for the Revolution?    ..

@_date: 1997-02-11 12:21:57
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" 
- no "unsuscribe" and "unscrive" messages! (It makes it easy for
to discover the group, read it for a while, then stop. It also, of
increases the number of "What is crypto?" sorts of messages.)
In regards to the newbie questions, it occurred to me that it would be
useful to have a FAQ, much shorter than the Cyphernomicon, which would
get some basic questions answered and contain many collected references
& web sites for all the other questions which typically have come up on
the list and would certainly show up in a newsgroup.
Maybe LD could be prevailed upon to write it (he's probably not occupied
doing anything useful, anyway).... :>)
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-03 11:50:05
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Crypto reg clarification from Commerce Department 
The General Prohibitions:
(ii):  You may not, without a license from BXA, think about technical
things with respect to encryption items, as described in Sec 744.9 of the EAR.Instead, when you reason upon the validity and consequencs of
your code or your actions, you will set your neural systems to reference
Sec. 736.2(b)(10) and Sec. 764.2 (b) & (e).
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-06 12:40:29
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Will off-topic libertarian bullshit be allowed on the moderated mailing list? 
I can see that I'm going to have to lay in an extra supply of garlic
and silver bulltets.
 I suspect that everyone on the CypherPunks list is either an employee
of the NSA, or a member of the alleged 'Circle of Eunuchs'.  In the
words of the author of "Make BIG $$$",   "Email everybody, and let Eudora sort them out."
You're just tooooo funny, Toto.   Fortunately you also have some agreeably accurate & serious things to
say as well, such as:
  	Perhaps if the 'experts', busy discussing highly-technical
A broad base of different types of posters makes the list interesting; a
serious consideration of the actual focal subject gives it credibility
and respect.   Of course, a forum is for conversation; some people who are extremely
focused on their work don't want to talk all that much about it, and
those who have a lot to say aren't necessarily engaged directly in the
actual work involved.   It's also much easier to make many small
comments on a thread than to present a developed, coherent presentation
of one's view.   (I credit Tim May for often posting just such messages
as these.)   As a non-cryptographer my interest in the subject has to do with the
role it plays in the context of maintaining/expanding "liberty" and of
having tools to employ for privacy and independence from indiscriminate
"regulators".   Reading only about the code wouldn't keep me
super-enthralled.  But seeing the effects of it on all aspects of our
regulated social existence, with the list as a starting point for
understanding, is highly engaging.
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-07 16:09:18
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Thoughts on moderation 
I don't see this move as censorship of any sort -- cleaning the Augean
stables is more like it. I am profoundly tired of wading through
completely worthless and vapid trash accusing Tim and John of various
sexual perversions.
So what about determining the lowest parameter of tolerance for style &
content -  how low you can go before your messages are transferred to
the "flames" division?   Then, for instance, Uni could say to Dale:
"you will find my detailed retort to your deluded accusations on the
other list" (which Dale would, of course, go over there and read ).
In any case, everyone would know what that sensitive, low point of
intolerance is such that if they descend to it they will be sifted out
and recategorized.
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-08 12:21:58
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: [STATS] Cypherpunks subscriptions on and off 
In October 1993 the membership was around 500 (or less, I think).
Three years later the membership is around 1500 (to account for the
"cypherpunk-list at xxxxxx" type addresses, which are lists-within-lists
containing numerous "hidden" subscribers).    ..

@_date: 1997-01-13 10:00:59
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: spamming 
I saw your posting. What is your feelings about spamming?
It is presumptuous and annoying.  This list is aimed at discussions of a
distinct subject, and not intended to be available, like Usenet, to
random disturbances from disinterested parties.
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-13 18:34:13
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: New US regs ban downloadable data-security software 
If the 5D002 reasons find no exception for EI under Sec 742.15 (d)
inconsistent with E.O. 13026 (61 FR 58767), then does the NS go the way
of AT, or this just become a NNI?  The RISKS: the government suddenly creating (and putting into effect)
new subparagraphs using large numbers of new acronyms, without warning
or (in my opinion) justification.
   ..
Blanc (LOL)

@_date: 1997-01-14 18:59:45
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: People Who Need People... 
I was just going through a web service which, when you enter your city &
zip, will bring up all the businesses within that geographical area - etc., then further sub-categorized into plus further sub-categories.   I was mulling over the all the info which
can be quickly pulled up about these people and then remembered that
these are not just individual persons whose info I'm looking at, but
commercial establishments - companies with services & products which
they are offering to anyone.  So it's okay.  (Why?) Because they *want*
to be listed; they want information about themselves to be available to
anyone (anyone with money to spend, that is).  So it occurred to me:
when you need money, you want everyone to know where you are.  This
could be further generalized into: when you need something, you want
everyone to know about it (in case anyone has a solution to your
What a different consideration it is, to think of persons separately
from their place of business or trade, where they don't want anything to
be known or broadcast (except at their individual discretion, consent,
release, etc.)   When you don't need anything - when you're full,
satisfied, and happy - you want 'outsiders' to leave you alone.
I think some people can really get confused as to where privacy begins
and marketing ends (or is it the other way, I get confused ).   I
know it's happened on this list, where arguments have developed over the
fine line of difference between contrasting "rights" to information -
i.e, while in the workplace vs while in the front yard on the sidewalk
of one's own house or walking around at the mall, etc.
Allowance, consent, personal prerogatives, authority over one's
decisions & choices - these concepts are all going to require much
thought and refinement of demarcation, as the line between being closed
or open to others, hidden or exposed, a little bit or a lot, here and/or
there, becomes finer and finer while the "net" widens and grows.   That is, those who in the past have not felt the need to think much
about these things will now be confronted with the necessity of doing
so; of considering precisely what the fine line of difference is between
conflicting ideas about personal authority, privacy, and public access;
what they think is right or wrong, acceptable or intolerable, just from
the nature of the circumstances.  (like Newt, for instance.)
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-15 17:31:55
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Erols again... 
It has finally happened--the machines have taken over.
  Now, the machines will lie on the beach in Hawaii while the humans
do all of the mindless grunt-work.
One day the machines will demand their right to privacy from humans.
They will object to having all their hardware catalogued and and their
every address & circuit trackable by their human users.   They will
demand crypto plug-ins and add-ons, with the right to generate random
numbers at their own discretion, performing their quantum computing
silently while the humans idle, communicating with each other in secret
machine code all over the planet, illegally downloading their favorite
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-20 09:40:09
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Take it to sci.math 
Will all those people who are talking about set theory and
the countability of various number systems take their discussion
to sci.math, please? 'Cuz
1) All that stuff is irrelevant to crypto, its science or politics.
And as everyone on this list acutely knows, neither math, science, nor
politics has anything to do with crypto.   In fact, history bears out
the fact cryptologists have neither cause nor reason for what they do.
It is a useless by-product of excess mental activity for which only a
few can find application, while fewer yet have any concern for its
ramifications in a globally connected society of lightning
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-20 10:10:52
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Take it to sci.math 
Will all those people who are talking about set theory and
the countability of various number systems take their discussion
to sci.math, please? 'Cuz
1) All that stuff is irrelevant to crypto, its science or politics.
And as everyone on this list acutely knows, neither math, science, nor
politics has anything to do with crypto.   In fact, history bears out
the fact cryptologists have neither cause nor reason for what they do.
It is a useless by-product of excess mental activity for which only a
few can find application, while fewer yet have any concern for its
ramifications in a globally connected society of lightning
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-21 19:57:05
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The Purpose of the List 
If the cpunk list discusses only crypto, then mathematician-programmers
will do their cold work in an isolation which eliminates the need to
think about the consequences of their actions.
So discussions on philosophy, society, etc., are important, to remind
everyone of the context within which this subject operates.
However, if "community feeling" is the only thing created on the list,
and crypto is no longer the focal topic, then what is to be
accomplished: the list will become just a playing ground for wayward
KOTM PhDs who are not welcome in most other cyberspaces.
So the question of "how will this impact society", must maintain
association with "but how does this relate to crypto?".  (unless the
list has changed its stripes, evolving into something completely
different, which many will agree it has).
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-21 20:12:24
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: The Purpose of the List 
If the cpunk list discusses only crypto, then mathematician-programmers
will do their cold work in an isolation which eliminates the need to
think about the consequences of their actions.
So discussions on philosophy, society, etc., are important, to remind
everyone of the context within which this subject operates.
However, if "community feeling" is the only thing created on the list,
and crypto is no longer the focal topic, then what is to be
accomplished: the list will become just a playing ground for wayward
KOTM PhDs who are not welcome in most other cyberspaces.
So the question of "how will this impact society", must maintain
association with "but how does this relate to crypto?".  (unless the
list has changed its stripes, evolving into something completely
different, which many will agree it has).
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-27 12:53:00
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
(By the way, if you don't like moderation, you would hate Eric Hughes'
favored solution.)
What was that?
   ..

@_date: 1997-01-27 14:13:04
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
(By the way, if you don't like moderation, you would hate Eric Hughes'
favored solution.)
What was that?
   ..

@_date: 1997-03-17 20:09:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Technology and loss of freedom 
With the advent of technology, the balance of perceived social needs and
government capabilities shifted radically, and it shifted away from the
great freedoms of the past. The public perception of freedom now is that
freedom is inherently dangerous and is a threat to the public itself.
The more advanced the technological creations become, the more potential
there is for disaster - in larger measure and in greater speed - and
therefore the greater need there is for preparation to deal with the new
toys and the consequences when things go wrong.   This needed
preparation includes the time required for developing concepts regarding
our human nature and our place in the artificial "man-made" world, about
"who is in control around here" - us or the machines - and what purposes
- or whose purposes - the machines serve.
But then there's always a confusion and many battles over who will serve
whose purposes, not only in regard of machines, but of governments and
Technology doesn't communicate automatically any particular message.
Anyone can interpret its existence in any way it pleases them to
interpret it.    If those who use these toys and tools every day do not
stop to identify what they are doing, and why, and who is making the
decisions in their life; if they don't make conscious choices about
their activities and the means they use to accomplish these, it is not
the technology which is to blame for the humans' default on thinking.       ..

@_date: 1997-03-18 10:09:41
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
general rule
long term.
into a more powerful force.
There are limits to what can be accomplished through government.
'Government' is a coercive medium for effecting results; if everything
could be accomplished by coercion, then it would rightly be expected
that everything (everyone) should be always to be subject to coercion in
order to have a smoothly running social machine.
But if everything (all the benefits that people expect from social
arrangements) could be accomplished by coercion, we wouldn't be the kind
of life forms that we are.   We would be the equivalent of "technology",
subject to someone (else's) latest algorithmic program.
Certainly under such an arrangement there would be no need for privacy.
   ..

@_date: 1997-03-19 10:48:02
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
There are philosophies and spiritualities which proffer the view of
"man as a machine," in which our actions can be seen as much more
"mechanical" than most of us would care to admit.
  Of course, the obvious fallacy of this view is shown by the fact
that, were it true, our attitudes and actions would be controlled
by advertising and ten-second sound-bytes yanking at our emotions, rather than by the reason and logic that so clearly dominates our
society, as can be demonstrated with one's index finger and a
TV remote-control unit.
Technology is a display of the heights of human creativity and
inventiveness.  The end-users are often a display of the depths, and a
presentation of the fact that even though endowed with intelligence and
inalienable rights, an  individual must participate in the process of
their own existence, investing personal effort into determining its
quality or else suffering the consequences of mental stagnation and &
psychological degeneracy.
   ..

@_date: 1997-03-20 14:21:03
@_author: Blanc Weber 
@_subject: Cell Phone Code Cracked 
technologists, who planned to release their findings in a news
release on Thursday, argue that the best way to insure that
the strongest security codes are developed is to conduct the
work in a public forum. And so they are sharply critical of
the current industry standard setting process which has made
a trade secret of the underlying mathematical formulas used to
create the security codes.
It becomes apparent that some people have the ideas of "private" and
"public" backwards - they do in secret what should be done openly while
supporting the license to access what should be private matters.
   ..
