
@_date: 2007-04-20 08:42:07
@_author: Bob Rosenberg 
@_subject: news.com: Tool mines personal data from across Net 
Perhaps for IP.
Tool mines personal data from across Net
By Joris Evers
 Story last modified Thu Apr 19 12:51:40 PDT 2007
VANCOUVER, B.C.--Who needs to dive through dumpsters or steal snail  mail when so many details on people are available simply by searching  the Web?
South African security researcher Roelof Temmingh, known for his work  on security tools such as Wikto, is taking the search for personal  information a step farther.
Temmingh--who spoke at the CanSecWest security conference here  Wednesday--has crafted a tool dubbed "Evolution" that associates data  found in multiple search engines and social-networking Web sites such  as MySpace.com and LinkedIn. It also uses other sites' tools to find  information behind Internet Protocol addresses, Domain Name System  entries, domain registration and more.
As a result, a search for a person will associate the individual with  results found across the Net. The idea is that data found in one  place can bring up results elsewhere. For example, an e-mail address  may bring up a domain name, which in the next search may bring up a  physical address.
The searches could also connect work e-mail addresses with home phone  numbers and expose details such as which NASA employees use social- networking sites and find people at the National Security Agency who  use Google's Gmail, said Temmingh. Evolution, currently in its early  stages, does all that automatically, he said. Temmingh created the  tool not just to demonstrate his skills, but also to highlight just  how much personal data the Net holds, and how vulnerable it is.
The results can help somebody doing research into an individual, but  they can also help a potential fraudster, Temmingh said. A search can  expose information helpful for social-engineering attacks. Also, it  can expose secondary targets as it will bring up information on  individuals' alliances with people or organizations.
Another possible use is "virtual identity theft," Temmingh said. You  can assume a person's identity by registering free e-mail addresses  in their name, setting up MySpace and LinkedIn profiles as them and  getting the identity out so it gets indexed by search engines, he said.
Copyright )1995-2007 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-02-25 03:24:37
@_author: Bob Rosenberg 
@_subject: Britons angry over trash bin tracking 
Prof. Farber
For IP maybe.
Where is George Orwell when we need him?
Arizona Republic
Britons angry over trash bin tracking
Liz Ruskin
McClatchy Newspapers
Feb. 25, 2007 12:00 AM
LONDON - The British tolerate millions of surveillance cameras
watching their every public move. They agreed to let roadside cameras
record their vehicular movements and store the information for two
years. But when they discovered that their garbage is being bugged,
they howled that Big Brother had gone too far.
Local governments have attached microchips to some 500,000 "wheelie
bins," the trashcans that residents wheel to the curb for collection.
The aim, they say, is to help monitor collections and boost the
national recycling rate, now among the lowest in Europe.
The public has reacted with suspicion and fury.
"Germans Plant Bugs in Our Wheelie Bins," a Daily Mail headline
announced in August. Two of the bin manufacturers are German.
Newspaper letter writers have taken to calling it "Bin Brother."
A member of Parliament from London's Croydon neighborhood denounced
the chip as "the spy in your bin."
Small-scale revolts have erupted across the United Kingdom for
months, as different localities adopt the technology. Some towns
failed to mention the new feature, which is concealed under coin-
sized plugs under the rims of their garbage cans.
In the coastal city of Bournemouth, 72-year-old Cyril Baker ripped
the chip off his new bin the day he discovered it, then went on
national television to show how he did it. Thousands of his neighbors
followed his example. "It was a very emotional issue. The whole town
was in an uproar," he said.
The microchips - radio frequency identification transmitters known as
RFID tags - can't actually spy on the contents of a bin. They're more
like tiny digital nametags, but they hold lots of information and can
be scanned from yards away.
In parts of Germany and Belgium, garbage trucks equipped with scales
and scanners lift the tagged bins. The bins are weighed as they're
emptied, and residents are charged for each pound they send to the
Bournemouth administrators swear that they intend only to monitor
trash trends and return lost bins to their assigned homes.
Copyright ) 2007, azcentral.com. All rights reserved.
Archives: Powered by Listbox: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
