
@_date: 2008-03-16 02:28:59
@_author: Prof. A. Boukerche  
@_subject: [Mycolleagues] CFP- 2008 Globecom: Ad hoc, Sensor and Mesh   
Networking Symposium
Deadline Extended : ===>  March 31st  (Firm Deadline)
= = = = = IEEE Globecom 2008: Ad Hoc, Sensor and Mesh Networking Symposium
November 30th- December 4th, 2008
New Orleans, LA, USA
= = = = = TPC Co-Chairs:
Prof. Azzedine Boukerche, University of Ottawa, boukerch at site.uottawa.ca
Prof. Raouf Boutaba, University of Waterloo, rboutaba at uwaterloo.ca
Prof. Nirwan Ansari, New Jersey Institute of Technology,
Nirwan.Ansari at njit.edu
Prof. Nidal Nasser, University of Guelph, nasser at cis.uoguelph.ca
Multi-hop wireless Ad Hoc and sensor networks are self-organizing  formed by co-operating nodes within communication range of each other  form temporary networks. Ad hoc wireless networks allow anywhere,  network connectivity with complete lack of control, ownership, and
regulatory influence. The last few years have witnessed a wealth of
ideas on ad hoc and sensor networks that are moving rapidly into
commercialization and standardization. Such networks can be randomly and
rapidly deployed and reconfigured and easily tailored to specific
applications including entertainment, civilian, military, etc.  Moreover, an
ad hoc architecture is highly robust to node failure and can provide a
high-level of fault tolerance due to nodal redundancy and its  nature. Furthermore, energy efficiency can be achieved through multi-hop
routing communication. Bandwidth reuse can also benefit from dividing  single long range hop to multiple short hops with each hop having a  range. Several challenges face are standing in the way to achieving
ubiquitous deployment of ad hoc and sensor networks. These include  topology, device heterogeneity, limited power supply and the lack of
effective energy-efficient design, lack of QoS and application support,
This symposium aims at providing a forum for sharing ideas among
and practitioners working on state-of-the-art solutions to the  above. We are seeking papers that describe original and unpublished
contributions addressing various aspects of ad hoc and sensor networks.
SUBMISSION GUIDELINES:
All submissions should be written in English with a maximum paper length
of five (5) printed pages (10-point font) including figures, without
incurring additional page charges (maximum 1 additional page). Standard
IEEE Transactions templates for Microsoft Word or LaTeX formats found at
Alternatively you can follow the sample instructions in template.pdf at
Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process and all
submissions must be done through EDAS at Topics of Interest
You are invited to submit original technical papers covering but not
limited to the following topics.
. Applications and Evolutions of Ad Hoc, Sensor, and Mesh Networks
. Autonomic Networking
. Wireless, Ad Hoc, and Sensor Devices
. Physical Layer Design of Ad Hoc, Sensor, and Mesh Networks
. Frequency and Channel Allocation Algorithms
. Topology Control and Management
. Algorithms and Modeling for Localization, Target Tracking, and
Mobility  Management
. Architectures of Wireless Communication and Mobile Computing
. MAC Protocols for Ad Hoc, Sensor, and Mesh Networks
. QoS Provisioning in Medium Access Control and Routing for Ad Hoc and
Mesh Networks
. Analytical, Mobility, and Validation Models for Ad Hoc, Sensor, and
Mesh Networks
. Performance Evaluation and Modeling of Mobile, Ad Hoc, Sensor, and
Mesh Networks
. Integrated Simulation and Measurement based Evaluation of Ad Hoc and
Sensor Systems
. New Simulation Languages, Methodologies, and Tools for Wireless  . Analysis of Correctness and Efficiency of Protocols
. Data Management, Data Aggregation, Data Dissemination, and Query
. Cryptography and Security Issues in Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks
. Distributed Algorithms
. Pricing Modeling and Solutions
. Pervasive and Wearable Computing
. Co-existence Issues of Hybrid Networks
. Energy Saving and Power Control Protocols for Ad Hoc, Sensor, and Mesh
. Resource Management Algorithms in Mobile, wireless Ad Hoc and Mesh
. Synchronization and Scheduling Issues in Mobile and Ad Hoc Networks
. Service Discovery for Wireless Ad Hoc, Mesh, and Sensor Networks
. Cross-layer Design and Interactions
. Mobile Service and QoS Management for Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks
. Survivability and Reliability Evaluation and Modeling for Ad Hoc,
Sensor, and Mesh Networks
. Ubiquitous and Mobile Access for Wireless Mesh Networks
. Security and Privacy Issues for Wireless Ad Hoc, Mesh, and Sensor
Mycolleagues mailing list
Mycolleagues at grid.lrg.ufsc.br
