
@_date: 1996-02-27 02:48:33
@_author: Brad Knowles 
@_subject: IA5 String... 
[ ... deletia ... ]
    I don't recall who made the comment that X.509 used IA5, but I was
the one who noted (wrongly?) that IA5 had no representation of the at
sign (" and instead used a lower-case letter "a" inside of
    I remembered it then in context with all the work I'd done on the
X.400 projects tying together the DISA cc:Mail and the OSD MS-Mail
backbones, and I'm still quite convinced that at least in the context
of the systems we were using, this is exactly what IA5 meant.  There
was much wailing and gnashing of teeth over this one, because it made
our directory sync and directory query stuff all that much more of a
pain.  It could even have contributed to the stillbirth of those
projects, the omnipresent and oppressive spectre of DMS not
    Now, perhaps the definition of IA5 has changed, and if so, then
that's great.  Or maybe DISA and the X.400 we had (not too unrelated
to the formless but very chilling DMS) were badly broken and this is
what they made us live with.
    In any event, if X.509 certificates don't have this problem, then
that is wonderful.  It's another reason why we might want to support
X.509v3 certificates as an absolute minimum acceptable standard.
    I await the wisdom of Steve Crocker to be visted upon us regarding
the use of ASN.1.  I do know that, from general principle, the mere
concept of being forced to go out and buy something like an ASN.1
compiler just so that I can implement a parser for a format seems
abhorrent in the extreme.  Not to mention the additional complexity,
unwieldiness, and sluggishness it lends to the final product.

@_date: 1996-02-28 19:36:27
@_author: Brad Knowles 
@_subject: [ Death of MOSS? ] 
May I restate a point I've been saying for a while?
    From what I recall of Terry Gray's presentation, MOSS seemed to be
a highly thought of integration of MIME and security, although perhaps
none of us thought much of the particular TIS freely available
    I know that, from my personal perspective, MOSS appears to be the
best example of integrating security into MIME, at least from a
framework perspective.  The only reason PGP/MIME also rates a "+" in
my book is because it is based on the current PGP standard (the de
facto standard for our primary user base) as well as being reasonably
well integrated into MIME.
    I would vehemently oppose any statement that MOSS *as a framework*
is dead.  I don't think the particular TIS freely available
implementation has much of a future, but I'm a very strong supporter
for taking the existing MOSS standard and removing any remaining
algorithm specifics and then using it as a framework for implementing
a secure email standard with the PGP, S/MIME, or MSP trust models,
certificates, encryption algorithms, etc....
    Obviously a few additional enhancements would be necessary, such
as cryptographic signatures on return receipts and classification
labels (as two examples, there may be more), but MOSS is my current
best yardstick for measuring just how well a secure email standard
really is integrated into MIME, with the absolute minimal amount of
disturbance to the existing MIME standard (and thus, making it the
most "native" MIME implementation of a secure email standard).
    And if you look at what I've said previously, it is my firm belief
that if we are to succeed in giving users a truly interoperable secure
email standard, then said standard must be fully and completely
integrated into MIME and do everything it does in the proper MIME way,
as opposed to just being security grafted on.
    This is why I advocate finding out what the current (proposed)
MIME way is of handling return receipts and then finding how we can
add the dimension of security to those receipts, instead of just
defining our own secure receipts that are distinct from regular
    MOSS the implementation may well be dead, but MOSS the framework I
feel is very much alive, and will likely continue to live well beyond
the other standards that were championed by presenters who remained at
the workshop into the afternoon, if only because I think MOSS as a
framework will likely define the framework that the other standards
(and any future standards) will have to find a way to fit into.
