
@_date: 2003-12-23 07:29:55
@_author: Brett Glass 
@_subject: For IP: Tracking devices required for hassle-free travel? 
I'm in Manhattan this morning, where -- due to the Federal government's
extremely vague claims of increased terrorist risk -- the police are out in
force during the morning commute. They're diverting traffic from some
normal commuter routes (such as the upper deck of the Queensboro Bridge)
and are requiring vehicles to slow down at checkpoints along others (such
as the approach to the Queens-Midtown Tunnel). We've seen such checkpoints
at Denver International Airport in the past, and have observed that they
appear to have little effect other than slowing traffic and inconveniencing
travelers. What they could possibly expect to be able to detect, during a
second's glance at a moving vehicle, is unclear.
What's particularly disturbing about the measures we saw today, however, is
that authorities appeared to be pulling over, and singling out for more
thorough inspection, vehicles which were not equipped with New York's
electronic "E-Z Pass" -- an electronic device which allows vehicle owners
to be charged automatically for tolls and parking.
Your Interesting People list has, in the past, featured articles describing
the increasingly widespread use of E-Z Pass records to track unfaithful
spouses, employees, etc. We've seen examples of this sort of invasive
"mission creep" before -- in particular, in the increasingly widespread use
of the Social Security number for identification purposes of all kinds. But
this is something new: It appears that now, when the Federal Government
declares an "orange" terror alert, an electronic tracking device has become
a requirement for hassle-free travel.
One can only wonder if this is the start of an era in which one is
detained, harassed, or otherwise branded as a suspected terrorist if at any
time one pays via anonymous cash or is unwilling to have his or her
movements continually traced and recorded.
--Brett Glass
[Just like the lack of a frequent flyer number will get you looked at hard
at airports djf]
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2006-07-05 01:44:06
@_author: Brett Glass 
@_subject: For IP: Spying on phone calls started *before 9/11* 
Spy Agency Sought U.S. Call Records Before 9/11, Lawyers Say
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- The U.S. National Security Agency asked AT&T
Inc. to help it set up a domestic call monitoring site seven months
before the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, lawyers claimed June 23 in court
papers filed in New York federal court.
The allegation is part of a court filing adding AT&T, the nation's
largest telephone company, as a defendant in a breach of privacy case
filed earlier this month on behalf of Verizon Communications Inc. and
BellSouth Corp. customers. The suit alleges that the three carriers,
the NSA and President George W. Bush violated the Telecommunications
Act of 1934 and the U.S. Constitution, and seeks money damages.
``The Bush Administration asserted this became necessary after
9/11,'' plaintiff's lawyer Carl Mayer said in a telephone interview.
``This undermines that assertion.''
The lawsuit is related to an alleged NSA program to record and store
data on calls placed by subscribers. More than 30 suits have been
filed over claims that the carriers, the three biggest U.S. telephone
companies, violated the privacy rights of their customers by
cooperating with the NSA in an effort to track alleged terrorists.
``The U.S. Department of Justice has stated that AT&T may neither
confirm nor deny AT&T's participation in the alleged NSA program
because doing so would cause `exceptionally grave harm to national
security' and would violate both civil and criminal statutes,'' AT&T
spokesman Dave Pacholczyk said in an e-mail.
U.S. Department of Justice spokesman Charles Miller and NSA spokesman
Don Weber declined to comment.
More at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-06-01 01:45:29
@_author: Brett Glass 
@_subject: US Attorney General demands ISPs snoop on customers to stop 
For IP, if you'd like. As an ISP, I can tell you that what the USDOJ
is demanding in the article below is not only an unprecedented, vast,
unwarranted intrusion that should have every citizen up in arms but
would be extremely costly and in many cases simply impossible.
For example, the article mentions that the DOJ wants ISPs to retain
lists of the IP addresses used by every user. But we, as an ISP, do
not give each user a unique IP address; we use network address
translation, or NAT. To abandon the use of NAT would not only
compromise users' safety (by making them more susceptible to Internet
worms and other attacks); it would also require us to spend thousands
of dollars to obtain more addresses from ARIN and to re-architect our
network. What's more, the imposition of such a requirement upon all
ISPs would instantly exhaust the remaining pool of IPV4 addresses at
a time when most equipment is not ready for IPV6.
The requirement that all VOIP calls be monitored is likewise absurd.
We don't provide VOIP ourselves; we merely provide the pipes. We
don't even know when a VOIP call is taking place on our network. We
would have no way to monitor and track every one on behalf of the
government, even if we were willing to (which we are not; we owe it
to our users never to participate in such blatantly unconstitutional
Note that the government first attempted to use kiddie porn as an
excuse to destroy our liberty, but seems to have decided that
terrorism is a more effective excuse -- despite the fact that there
have been no terrorist attacks on US soil since 9/11.
The belief that everything and everyone must be monitored in the hope
of preventing possible criminal activity is a hallmark of a police
state. Is this what the US is coming to? If so, the 9/11 terrorists
have won. By killing fewer people than died in the recent earthquake,
they have given an irresponsible government an excuse to destroy our
freedom, and have successfully cowed the populace into allowing it to
--Brett Glass
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
