
@_date: 2011-12-22 11:29:40
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] UPDATE - Re: potentially major security flaw in 
Hi all,
So an update. Essentially I've run into what some of you have probably
previously mentioned, the impact of the OAuth protocol.
For an uninformed user of twitter, OAuth can cause them to provide access
to their twitter account from secondary devices even after changing
passwords at the source.
Obviously this has huge implications for citizen journalists, activists,
and human rights workers among others. Anyone who is detained and whose
twitter passwords become compromised (as well as other applications, i'm
guessing the facebook app for iPad also uses OAUTH, though it may just
store the password) is at risk of providing ongoing access to these apps if
they fail to remove the OAuth authorization after changing their passwords.
Does anyone know of resources that have been produced to raise awareness
about this issue, or similar issues? I'm wondering whether Small World News
should put some effort into developing a more comprehensive social media
security 101 that considers these technical issues as well as general best

@_date: 2011-11-28 19:34:11
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
Thanks for your comments Jake.
Those are all essentially my perceptions as well. This is why I see the
primary goal to be informing people just how dangerous satellite phones
are, and providing the best practices possible.
In the case of Syrian activists, they've turned to satphones not because
they believe they are the magical devices seen in "24" but because they are
the best of a lot of bad options. Right now we know thuraya is compromised,
but its important to ensure activists have the best possible information
about the likelihood other networks will be compromised, etc.
Where might I locate information about tampering with the location
specifics? Would also be really happy to have your insight and other
suggestions, on or off list.

@_date: 2011-11-29 12:33:10
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
Of course its scary, so is being an activist and a revolutionary. Please
understand that is not meant to be flip, however I find that the most
important aspect of any tool or guide is to create informed consent, which
means being as clear and upfront as possible about potential risks and the
reality regarding what can be done to create a "best case/worst case" as
well as producing an accurate threat model. I feel that too often people in
a position to help refuse to provide knowledge because they would feel bad
if someone got killed doing something that put them at risk, rather than
asking how many people will get killed without providing access to better
The question I have is what is the method for intercepting the SMS or email
sent by any specific Satphone, I'm assuming you can use radio frequency
triangulation to get the data, and will need another tool to extract the
SMS or email content.
OK, but:
 this is operating on thuraya frequencies yes, so won't it still be
subject to triangulation?
 i will certainly look into the possibility for acquisition of this item,
but its definitely not going to be anywhere near as accessible as inmarsat,
iridium, or thuraya phones, which brings me back to my core point, since
activists will definitely continue to use these devices, and the barrier to
access for other tools is still so high, there is a need for clear,
concise, accessible documentation about the best/worst case scenarios for
these devices.
Oh I'm quite aware they will make me ill, that's why I brought the
questions to this list, to get some of the best "worst-case scenario input"
I could find. I was asked to help with this, though I'm fairly certain its
a somewhat impossible job. As you've noted repeatedly, satellite
communications are not safe by any estimation, its the proprietary hardware
and many other things that are involved in these issues.
Thanks, thats great information and very helpful given the circumstances
individuals in Syria are working with, however still not applicable to
"majority access" however it is definitely worth it to begin raising
awareness about the existence of this tool! I'm assuming it roams
automatically but as with all satellite devices only works with a strong
line of sight at the proper angle?

@_date: 2012-08-08 11:57:35
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
Hi all,
I've been trying to decide how to weigh in on this thread, I'm sure some of
you are surprised its taken me this long to jump in.
That said, I'll keep this brief, because I'm going to write up more
detailed thoughts on a blog post that I'll share with the list.
The first issue I see is related to this succinct comment from Michael:
That's only speculation on my part, of course. But if it's right, it
The number one issue I see here is the culture of what i call "geek rage"
"fear mongering" and "black and white response"
First let me say I think this is *getting better*. However, it stands that
there are *many* privacy/security tools with fairly significant flaws. I'm
writing a security curriculum at the moment for a new mobile reporting app
that SWN is creating. In the process I've begun to see bevy of flaws in
tools that I myself misunderstood previously.
A few of these tools are Truecrypt, TextSecure, OTR clients, and of course
I think there is a lack of clarity about "safety" and "security" as well as
numerous other semantic problems with the way security experts, trainers,
and researchers present tools.
Truecrypt's issue with journaling filesystems is a flaw that many of the
members of the list are no doubt aware of. I however was not aware of this
serious issue. The Protektor Services and FrontlineDefenders Digital
Privacy manuals do not cover this issue, yet TrueCrypt is now  considered a
standard tool by most organizations doing training. I recently assisted an
"internet freedom" training on TrueCrypt, yet I was unaware, which means
even if the issue was covered(I am fairly certain it was not) it wasn't
covered well enough that I, a relatively knowledgeable user, picked up on
Cryptocat's web interface as has been clearly described is only as secure
as SSL/TLS and the lack of a keylogger. However, the implication of this
discussion is that a MITM  attack or having my IP address is enough to
identify me. I am sure most of you don't believe this, however that is the
implication of your talk.
The primary issue comes down to the semantics and lack of clarity in
I think this could be solved by recruiting more people with strong writing
skills and a focus on training methodology, and perhaps starting to host
roundtables and dinners with the technologists in the group. I would love
to have been at dinner with Nadim Jacob et al. I think this could be solved
by creating an open consortium of technology researchers, trainers, and
Last point, I agree we are helped by a diversity of manuals, but a lack of
clear standards is frustrating. Furthermore, I'm certainly not satisfied
with the guides that exist, which is why I am still working on crafting new
manuals, however the curriculum I'm currently producing is essentially an
effort to edit and collate the best elements of the existing manuals. I
hope this will result in a hybrid that still answers a lot of needs, but
does it in a more user-friendly fashion.

@_date: 2012-01-09 16:24:17
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] REVIEWERS NEEDED - Safer satellite phone guide 
Hi all,
You may recall before the holidays I posted some questions about research
around the use of satellite phones, best security practices, etc.
I have been working on a guide providing an overview about what steps users
can take to provide a modicum of protection when using satellite phones. I
would greatly appreciate it if a few of you would offer to review the
draft, I hope to have it together by midday tomorrow, and get feedback
before the end of the week.
Do let me know if you can assist, when the final is published on our site
I'll be sure to let everyone know here.

@_date: 2012-06-16 12:30:32
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Ethiopia criminalizes Skype? 
That was also my first thought.
In Afghanistan, for example, out Iyad illegal to run voice or SMS gateways
due to telco restrictions (and probably others). Until last year this made
running SMS projects legally very difficult because the telcos didn't have
good facilities for interfacing with small contractors, among other things.
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-03-03 20:51:40
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Kill the Messenger: What Russia taught Syria 
I have to respecfully disagree. If our only concern is to properly scare
people about the implications of targeting based on RF transmissions, then
yes, the article does a good job of that.
My concern is to ensure that journalists, activists, and their enablers
have access to the best information and the most likely/accurate review of
events about which we may never have "facts."
I guess I should specify the elements of the article that I consider to be
sensational, speculative, and/or downright misleading/scare-mongering.
First of all, Mr. Pelton is well known for being a glory-hound, his book
"The World's Most Dangerous Places" should be enough to make that clear.
So firstly, he starts with his own "glory days" covering Chechnya, and the
first issue I would raise is this quote:
"As we walked briskly back to the safe house, it was exactly 10 minutes
before the cascade of double *wa-whumps* announced the Grad rocket
batteries pounding the vacant neighborhood we had just left."
Mr. Pelton has mentioned previously in a forum of journalists, human rights
reporters, and their colleagues(fixers, translators etc), known as the
Vulture Club, that the Russians have equipment that can lock onto an RF
signal and fire Grad rockets at the location within a matter of minutes,
taking merely 10 minutes from starting a phone call to hitting the
location. I asked him repeatedly if he would clarify which targeting
system, specifically, Unfortunately none of the details he provided
suggested such a capacity, therefore while it's certainly possible this
capacity exists, to just state it as fact, to my mind, qualifies as
scaremongering, and does not serve to improve our general understanding of
the risks of satellite communications.
There follows three paragraphs serving only to establish that yes indeed
journalists have been directly targeted in Russia's war in Chechnya. This
is then used to suggest it is self-evident that:
" journalists were specifically targeted to prevent sympathetic or
embarrassing reports from escaping the killing zone."
This is just outright unsubstantiated. There was one account in the
Telegraph paper that sourced Lebanese intelligence stating that the Syrian
regime has claimed it would target journalists directly. If it is prime
facie fact, isn't it strange that there is only one source and no other
papers directly carried this allegation?
Next Mr. Pelton asserts that satellite phone uplinks:
"could well have cost Colvin her life." and "Multiple reports have
Syrian forces used phone signals to pinpoint her location"
Now then, if Mr. Pelton were simply another ignorant journalist printing
what he understood as potential threats, that would be one thing, however
he has been privy to extended discussions about the relative improbability
that satellite phones were targeted, vs the much more likely case that the
VSAT and/or BGAN on the roof of the "makeshift media centre" or, equally
likely, old-fashioned human intelligence targeting resulted in the deaths
of the individuals noted. Further these "multiple reports" are essentially
rehashings of the same initial report, of which Mr. Pelton should be well
It is very sad that Colvin and Ochlik were killed, and other journalists
grievously wounded. It's even more sad that so many Syrians lost their
lives evacuating the survivors. Given these facts and the importance of
honoring their loss, I would prefer to see less hyperbole and
sensationalism and more soul-searching and review of just how these events
As I stated last week on this list, Marie Colvin herself was quoted as
saying that she would not use her satellite phone because of her fear that
it could be intercepted/targeted. Instead she opted to depend on Skype
which, though variously secure, relies on a much higher bandwidth
connection which is vastly easier to target. Rather than continuing the
magical thinking that may well have led to Colvin's death, we should take a
hard look at what we know about the facts and review the lack of
approachable, available documentation about communications security,
particularly satellite-based communications.

@_date: 2012-03-13 17:43:29
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] New Satphone Safety Guide 
Hi all,
I'm pleased to announce that we have released our newest guide, focusing on
increasing satphone safety through best practices.
You can find the guide here:
comments, questions, and critiques much appreciated!
I will be writing a longer blog about the motivations and timeliness later
this week. Also you can see Frank Smyth's comments here at CPJ.org:

@_date: 2012-03-23 09:49:38
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Drones are not storytellers or why Syrians need 
Not only the development costs, but the litigation/jail time costs as well
are a huge issue with more innovative applications of drone tech.
Further, the idea of implementing drones in Syria first of all is a huge
safety risk, and could fundamentally change the perception of an already
hostile regime to encourage increasingly worse actions.
Secondly, the drones for human rights stuff all forgets a fundamental
issue, people care about stories, not grainy footage, unless the crimes are
so enormous, and even then they don't encourage action nor do they help
inform outsiders what exactly Syrians want or need.
For example, there is a fundamental difference between videos like these
that Iraqis we worked with in Baghdad were producing years ago:
...and shaky content and long range images of what often may or may not be
the "heinous crimes" individuals claim.
see this video for example:
I think its pretty clear why more efforts are not being made to more
effectively and repeatedly tell the stories of individual refugees and
people who have lost homes and loved ones. The people documenting are most
often men, and as a man who has had the same problem myself when
documenting police violence, war, etc, we too often resort to documenting
horrible events, both because we are shocked and because that involves an
adrenaline rush and provides its own sort of benefit to us as individuals,
and leaves beside the wayside any review of whether this content is really
moving minds or pushing forward a liberation agenda.
As a trainer who has worked with individuals all over the world in conflict
areas and the developing world, I have found that women are the best
trainees, followed closely by older men. Young people are often too caught
up in the moment and the injustice of it all to more effectively document
or listen to recommendations about composition, pacing, etc. I guess this
is a bit off-topic, but after spending a long time in a fairly pointless
discussion with a man from Hama about this subject last night, I felt the
need to mention it here.
I'm still trying to sort out exactly why I think the idea of drones as
human rights documentation may make sense, but it certainly cannot replace
storytelling or investigative reporting.

@_date: 2012-11-22 12:50:31
@_author: Brian Conley 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Saudi Arabia implements electronic tracking 
I would be interested to know whether this system involves any automated
tracking, such as a database of SIMs that are updated by default via SMS
when the relevant women's SIM passes immigration, etc.
It seems likely it is simply a database registry, cross referencing contact
information of male guardians with the respective woman being monitored.
In effect this means the men may also be tracked, at least their phones are
registered in a central database.
It seems the practicalities around how such a system functions may be an
effective way to organize Saudi men around a campaign? I guess it depends
whether, culturally, such a database of male SIMs is considered an
unacceptable invasion of privacy.
Thanks for the heads up!
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
