
@_date: 2012-02-24 14:59:19
@_author: Benjamin Kreuter 
@_subject: [cryptography] US Appeals Court upholds right not to decrypt a 
I believe that you meant to say, "Don't talk to the police at all,"
which should be standard policy for anyone who finds themselves under
arrest.  There is no advantage in talking to the police once you have
been arrested, nothing you say will help in your defense and you are
not going to talk your way out of an arrest.  The odds are stacked
against you during a police interview -- you are talking to people who
have been trained to extract confessions, who are being paid to sit
there interrogating you, and who will pick through what you say to
find incriminating statements.  Stay quiet, speak only to your
attorney, and let your attorney speak on your behalf; you cannot be
penalized for exercising your rights, nor can the fact that you refused
to speak be introduced as evidence against you (at least in the United

@_date: 2012-03-25 12:45:55
@_author: Benjamin Kreuter 
@_subject: [cryptography] 
Unfortunately, there is still a great deal of resistance to the notion
that cryptography is something that people should have, at least
cryptography without backdoors.  When last I checked, the Department of
Justice was still pushing communication service providers to include
some sort of back door, so that law enforcement agencies can decrypt
the encrypted communications of suspects in criminal cases.  They
basically think that the Hushmail model is the right one:
(Apologies for the length; the summary is this:  the FBI is worried
about criminals or terrorists using encryption to hide their
communications from law enforcement and national security agencies, as
well as the lack of CALEA-style systems on the Internet. They as asking
for a law that requires communications service providers to provide
plaintexts if it is possible to do so e.g. Hushmail-style decryption.
The FBI insists that they are not talking about key escrow or key
recovery, and they avoid using the term "back door" to describe what
they want.)
Even worse, here at UVA we had a graduate student who was denied entry
because he traveled to a cryptography conference (he is here on a
student visa, and is a Chinese citizen). The State Department would not
allow him to come back to school unless he switched fields and stopped
doing computer security work.  He is working on wireless sensor
networks now -- clearly a field that could not possibly have any
national security implications.
The law has definitely improved over what cryptographers faced in the
90s, but the attitudes have not.  The US government still wants a
system where encrypted communications can be arbitrarily decrypted,
they just dress up the argument and avoid using dirty words like "key

@_date: 2013-09-06 11:28:22
@_author: Benjamin Kreuter 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Opening Discussion: Speculation on "BULLRUN" 
Not necessarily.  A bad implementation of a block cipher will be
probably spotted quickly if you need it to interoperate with a good
implementation; a bad implementation of a public key cipher might
interoperate just fine with good implementations.  Public key systems
often have parameters or requirements that affect security without
affecting the correctness of encryption or decryption.  ElGamal
encryption might appear to work even though you are using a group where
the DDH assumption does not hold.  Elliptic curve systems have even more
parameters that need to be set correctly for security.
I am not saying that we should abandon public key cryptography, I am
just saying that there a number of ways for public key systems to go
wrong that do not apply to symmetric ciphers.
Just my 2 cents,
