
@_date: 2001-08-30 19:05:54
@_author: Dr. Carter 
@_subject: To: cypherpunks as a Good Person-Information benefiting you & people around you 
Dear cypherpunks:
Would you mind my introducing the information which, I believe, may significantly benefit both you and people around you? If you do not like it, you may delete this e-mail anytime (please).
You may ask yourself --
How to make people respect you
How to win friends
How to let your conduct help your health, work, job, career, relationships, spirit, mind, well-being, ...
How to make your life smoother & happier and do whatever you like without making other people unpleasant
How to ...
....... (much more)
You can find all answers in this handbook:
"Complete Conduct Principles for the 21st Century" by Dr. John Newton It is the best educational GIFT idea to children, friends, relatives, classmates, students, parents, teachers, ... BENEFITS to Each Individual Reader: Many! --- such as for health, work, job, career, self-improvement, education, relationships, spirit, mind, well-being, and much more, particularly in the 21st century. People around you will also be benefited. (Please see the PREFACE of the book for details.) EVERYONE may find this handbook useful and helpful, regardless of age (from children to oldsters), occupation, rank, status, gender, nationality, country and region. If you are a parent or a teacher, you can learn how to develop good conduct of your children or students from this handbook. Please advise your children or students to read the book. These will result in great benefits to both you and them. Incidentally, it is the best gift idea to students, teachers and parents in the "back to school" period.
This book is a must for EVERYONE to make a better preparation for personal conduct for the 21st century. The book's title is obvious to manifest its content. The complete useful conduct principles cover not only what we should do but also what we should not do -- especially aiming at the faults people make often and easily. This timely, unique and very important handbook is designed to suit most people, and is self-contained. User-friendly. This book is significantly different and better than the competitive works.
Some of its innovative contents may help solve the problems the Western culture cannot. The book's merit and importance have been recognized and praised by many experts, public elected officials and world leaders. The Author, John Newton, holds a Ph.D. from MIT, and does researches at Harvard. His long-term research on "The personal conduct in the human society of the 21st century" results in the book. It is published by Nicer Century World Organization, of which the headquarter location is beside Harvard University and MIT, two leading institutes in new knowledge and literature.
There are two kinds of binding for the book: Hardcover (case bound, Smyth sewn; with dust jacket), list price US$19.95; Paperback (perfect bound), list price US$9.95. Both editions are unabridged. 60 lb natural acid-free excellent and healthful papers. You can get the book from many fine on-line bookstores and traditional bookstores. For your convenience, I herewith provide you with a link directly to the book pages of an on-line bookstore. The largest discounts are currently offered by AllDirect.com (as I know). Therefore, if you reside in the U.S., I provide you with the link:
(Hardcover, 40% off, limited-time offer)
 (Paperback, 36% off, limited-time offer)
Unfortunately AllDirect.com at present does not ship books to other countries. Therefore, if you reside outside the USA, you may go to
(Hardcover, 27% off, limited-time offer)
(Paperback, 23.5% off, limited-time offer)
You may simply click any link above (if your e-mail has the capacity) or copy/paste it to a Web browser Address line and click "Go" (or "Enter"). Of course, you may freely choose other bookstores. If any bookstore is out-of-stock, you may backorder the book there (then the book will be shipped to you once it is available) or go to another bookstore; if you wish to be faster, you may choose to order the book directly from the distributor vie E-mail, mailto: order at bookmaster.com As you can see, the book is very cheap, at present in particular. This may be one (a small one) of many reasons that it becomes the best GIFT idea -- "much more value for a much less fee". On the other hand, if you nevertheless can't afford it, you may ask your local libraries and school library to purchase it. The libraries will probably then appreciate your respectable suggestion. This is a great contribution you will make to your neighborhood!  "I find it heartening that you are crusading on behalf of this worthy book. It has occupied a space on our shelves for some time now. To have this book in our library is a quiet source of pride to me, the librarian." said Mr. Don Brusha, a highly respectable Librarian, Avon Park Library, Avon Park, Florida, USA, in a letter to me regarding the book.
Please forward this e-mail to people you know -- children, friends, relatives, classmates, students, parents, teachers, ..., because they will be benefited, too. This is wonderful kindness you provide them!
cypherpunks, best wishes to you!
Sincerely yours,
Tom Carter, Ph.D.
President, Nicer Century World Organization
Massachusetts USA
(Nicer Century World Organization is an educational, non-profit, non-partisan organization; it endeavors to make the 21st century nicer than ever before. To accomplish its mission, Nicer Century World Organization is proud to introduce the book.)
