
@_date: 1996-01-06 23:25:56
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Revoking Old Lost Keys 
I'd like to bring up a problem I haven't seen addressed much yet, and which
I think is going to come up with increasing frequency as PGP use spreads.
The problem is this: how can one spread the word that an old key is no
longer to be used when one no longer has the pass phrase, and cannot
therefore create a revocation certificate?
In my case the problem is medical: thanks to autoimmune problems, I get
random memory loss from time to time. Sometimes it's big - like an entire
semester of my sophomore year of college. Sometimes it's small - like three
old pass phrases. So there are keys of mine floating around the key servers
that I don't want used, and which are just taking up space.
Others will have more mundane problems, like creating a key years ago and
just plain not using it. But as PGP use moves out of essentially pure-geek
communities into the surrounded net.world, accidents and other carelessness
_will_ happen. I'm curious as to what thoughts, if any, y'all have about how
to deal with it.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-11 05:01:11
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Net Metaphor 
Given that most people have neither the time nor interest to understand how
the net really works, we need concise images that convey the truth. In
particular, we need to get across to the net.unhip masses the idea that the
net is not a "thing", not any single organization.
I've recently begun using this metaphor: the Internet is a society, composed
of all the systems that "speak" its computer protocols. In this it's like,
say, the society of all English-speakers. The English-language society
includes governments and businesses and churches and fraternal orders and
magazines and all sorts of things, but it isn't any of them. And obviously
there is nobody in charge of the English-language society as a whole - the
language itself evolves over time (and changes across space), and no
institution controls the whole show.
When I've brought that up, I've all but seen lightbulbs go on over people's
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-12 11:05:36
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: C2 and the Worst Case 
First off, this is _not_ a criticism - c2.org provides wonderful services,
and I'm budgeting to buy more from them.
However, I'm curious. Consider a reasonably worst case, in which ye
jack-booted thugges come through the door unannounced, scoop up everything,
and haul it off for examination.
The question is, how much would they get? How much information about c2
users would fall into the wrong hands?
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-14 10:48:12
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Hate Speech Ban Metaphor 
Saw this on news.admin.net-abuse.misc:
In article ,
:Banning this sort of discussion accomplishes nothing positive.  It :creates the *appearance* of having fought bigotry without actually having :done so.  It doesn't address the problem, it sweeps it under the rug, and :bigotry that's been swept under the rug has a nasty habit of catching :fire.  Banning hate speech is sort of like sending a business card to :Craig Shergold; it lets you feel like you've done your good deed for the :day, even though you really haven't.
That gets _my_ vote for metaphor of the day.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-14 23:40:47
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: (fwd) Usenet, No Exit: A Theological Parable 
Path: nntp.teleport.com!psgrain!newsfeed.internetmci.com!in1.uu.net!CS.Arizona.EDU!news.Arizona.EDU!packrat.aml.arizona.edu!dsew
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.misc,alt.culture.usenet,alt.usenet.kooks
Organization: Department of Geosciences, University of Arizona
Lines: 116
NNTP-Posting-Host: packrat.aml.arizona.edu
Summary: What if Boursy/Grubor/Slaton/Vulis went to Heaven...
Keywords: satire spam abuse
Xref: nntp.teleport.com news.admin.net-abuse.misc:35135 alt.culture.usenet:22509 alt.usenet.kooks:27121
Status: N
                        USENET, NO EXIT
                     A Theological Parable
Once upon a time, Stephen Boursy, John Grubor, Jeff Slaton, and Dimitri
Vulis were all travelling together on a bus--probably to "visit"
someone, but the story doesn't say.  While rounding a hairpin turn on a
treacherous mountain road, the bus suddenly skidded, broke through the
guardrail, and plunged two thousand feet, instantly killing everyone on
Boursy, Grubor, Slaton, and Vulis awoke to find themselves floating on
soft clouds before a massive pearly gate, where an old man with
dazzling white robes and a long fleecy beard greeted them.  "I am St.
Peter," he said.  "Tell me who you are and what you have done with
your lives, to help me decide where you belong."
The four eyed each other nervously.  Finally Jeff Slaton stepped
forward.  "Saint Peter, I have aided millions of computer users by
championing free enterprise and protecting the Internet from the
forces of socialism and hypocritical elitism.  I would be honored
to offer my skills in the service of Heaven!"
Next Boursy gathered courage.  "I have fought evil outlaws who pretend to be other people in order to cancel their words!"  Nearly
elbowing him aside in his eagerness came Grubor: "St. Peter, I have
valiantly rid the Internet of pushers of hard drugs, and defended
the God-given American right of free speech!"  Last of all Vulis came
forward and flung out his chest as he said, "Like my mentor and
countryman Solzhenitsyn, I have exposed the wiles of evil stukachi
and the lying forger Pidor Vorobieff!"
St. Peter scratched his head and sighed.  "I'm afraid I'm not very up
to date on computers, but Raphael surfs the Net.  Please wait just
a moment."  Instantly there appeared a heroic archangel in shimmering
armor.  "What IS it, Peter?" he said.  "I *finally* found a moment to
install the ELF binaries on His Linux system..."  St. Peter pointed to
the four new arrivals, and began a whispered conference with the
archangel.  Finally St. Peter turned back to them, and with a wide
smile said, "We have chosen accommodations for you; Raphael will show
you to your quarters!"
Everything faded; and when the four could focus their eyes again, they
were with Raphael in a gleaming white room scented with incense and
adorned with precious gems.  A luxurious feather-bed stood against
each wall, and next to each one a gleaming Pentium computer.  "Here
you are," said Raphael.  "You've all got Windows 95 and Ethernet
connections, plus full access to the Web."
"What about Usenet?" asked Grubor, a mite suspiciously.
Raphael smiled indulgently.  "Would we offer an inferior product here?
We who know the secrets of your hearts have designed for you a news
network fit for eternity.  Ten thousand newsgroups, no article
cancellation, no charters, no FAQs, no vote-takers, no rules.  As
Augustine said, 'Love God, and post what thou wilt.'"
"Do you carry heaven.admin.policy?" asked Boursy.  "Yes, my child."
"Heaven.is and heaven.is.too?" asked Grubor.  "Of course."  "You mean
no cancelbots?" asked Slaton.  "Goodness, no, the idea!"  "Does heaven.culture.russian have a moderator?" asked Vulis.  "Who but
you, my dear Doctor?"
"You've all got shell accounts on otherworld.org," Raphael continued.
"Use trn to read news and Pnews to post.  Of course our version of
Pnews doesn't give you that silly scolding about how much money your
post is going to cost the entire Net."
The four rushed to their computers, and for some time nothing could be
heard but the clacking of keys against the faint background of harp
music.  At length all were silent, until Slaton shouted, "Gather
round, and let's see the fun!"  As the others crowded about his
terminal, he typed "trn", and tapped his fingers impatiently until a
prompt appeared:
   ======  4 unread articles in heaven.general -- read now? [+ynq]
"Hmm, that's kind of odd..." Slaton murmured as he hit the + key.
    a Sanctified Spam    1  No more A P O L O G I E S, Suu--eeeee!
    b Doctor of Theology 2  Chris Lewis needs an angelic visitor!
      Stephen Boursy        >Make that two angelic visitors!
    d Dr. Dimitri Vulis  1  First List of lying stukachi Seraphim
    (Mail) -- Select threads (date order) -- All [Z>] --
"WHAT??" the four cried, with one voice.  "Where's the rest of the
posts?  Where's everybody else??!!"
Raphael's eyes gleamed.  "Who said anything about anyone else?"
For the first time ever, Boursy had a clue.  "Where... just where ARE we, anyway?"
Raphael quickly strode to the door and turned as he passed through.
"You know what Sartre said.  L'Usenet, c'est les autres!  Enjoy
eternity!" And with that the door shut and the lock clicked with
an authoritative "sneck!".
And as the four rushed wild-eyed to their terminals to compose furious denunciations, eight eyes processed in horror the message
that appeared there:
      Broadcast Message from root at otherworld
             (/dev/tty1) at 00:00 ...
      System going down in 2 minutes, back up in a few aeons
      --Chris Lewis, SysAdm
                         *** ***
                         THE END

@_date: 1996-01-17 17:08:26
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers and Me 
This may sound like a clueless newbie question, but then it pretty much
_is_, redeemed only by the fact that I know it. :-)
Following a lead provided by another local newbie, I've been doing a bunch
of amateur remailer testing, looping messages from here through a given
remailer to a nym server, back through the remailer, to here, and toting up
the travel times.
The latency and reliability figures I'm getting bear little or no
resemblance to the info included with Private Idaho, discussed here, and
like that.
Question: is this anything to be concerned about? I'm assuming that the
folks doing ping testing are throwing far more clueful and automated
procedures at the problem, just for starters. But then I get the impression
that their methodology differs from what I'm doing here, too. (My aim was to
simulate "normal" use, at least for me, and to go on to test times through
combos of the most reliable sites later.)
Bruce "One ringy-dingy, two ringy-dingy" Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-18 08:29:24
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: A Modest Proposal: Fattening up the Proles 
The patient displays advanced signs of Stephen Donaldson's Disease. We
recommend _immediate_ replacement of the TrendyLeft  thesaurus and
spelling checker package with more robust models. Strunk&White GoodWrite
, say, or perhaps RichardScarrySoft .
More seriously, I recommend a re-reading (or first reading, as it may be) of
Orwell's "Politics and the English Language". I quote:
"In our time it is broadly true that political writing is bad writing. ...
Orthdoxy, of whatever color, seems to demand a lifeless, imitative style.
The political dialects to be found in pamphlets, leading articles,
manifestos, White Papers and the speeches of under-secretaries do, of
course, vary from party to party, but they are all alike in that one almost
never finds in them a fresh, vivid, home-made turn of speech. When one
watches some tired hack on the platform mechanically repeating the familiar
phrases - bestial atrocities, iron heel, bloodstained tyranny, free peoples
of the world, stand shoulder to shoulder - one often has a curious feeling
that one is not watching a live human being but some kind of dummy. ... And
this is not altogether fanciful. A speaker who uses that kind of phraseology
has gone some distance towards turning himself into a machine. ...
"Consider for instance some comfortable English professor defending Russian
totalitarianism. He cannot say outright, 'I believe in killing off your
opponents when you can get good results by doing so.' Probably, therefore,
he will say something like: 'While freely conceding that the Soviet regime
exhibits certain features which the humanitarian may be inclined to deplore,
we must, I think, agree that a certain curtailment of the right to political
opposition is an unavoidable concomitant of transitional periods, adn that
the rigors which the Russian people have been called upon to undergo have
been amply justified in the sphere of concrete acheivement.'
"The inflated sytle is itself a kind of euphemism. A mass of Latin words
falls upon the facts like soft now, blurring the outlines and covering up
all the details."
Ironically, of course, Tim May's brutal honesty (right or wrong, he's almost
always clear) is lots more "populist", the sense of being readily and widely
understood, than John Young's stale academese.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-24 09:12:33
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: [local] Report on Portland Cpunks meeting 
I'd go for somewhat clearer instructions than seem available. To wit:
1) Each participant, send your public key in ASCII armored form to the one
coordinating the signing.
2) The coordinator will collate these into a single key file and have a list
of key IDs and fingerprints.
3) Bring a printout of your key's fingerprint. You will read this off for
others to compare with their copies of the coordinator's list. Have ID and
such to show that you're you, or some other way of establishing that you are
who you say you are. (In our case, everyone could be vouched for by at least
one other person known to the others.)
4) The coordinator will [send by email|pass out on disk|whatever] the
collated key file. Back home, sign each of the keys that actually got
verified at the signing. Mail this back to the coordinator.
5) The coordinator will collate the results of this, and send you the new
version. Add these. Now you've got your key and the other keys, all signed
by everyone there.
Grabbing keys off a server would certainly be doable, too. The key (no pun
intended) thing is that people have their fingerprints in a useful form - so
when we do it again, I hope Alan specifies printout, handwritten text, or
something else that doesn't require a computer. And of course folks
shouldn't bring their actual secret keys with them.
The nym signing is an idle thought of mine. I have a nym key which is, at
the moment, signed only by itself. I know friends of mine have nym accounts.
if we could assemble a group of folks whom I can trust enough to link the
nym and myself, it'd be nice to add some more signatures to the nym key, and
vice versa.
On the other hand, the accumulated signatures would probably point right
back at any group talking about such a thing, like me right now. :-)
Maybe it's infeasible.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-25 05:04:52
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: [local] Report on Portland Cpunks meeting 
Over time, some nyms take on a distinct identity of their own. In fact, some
do it very quickly, a with the neo-Nazi twits now arguing in favor of
rec.music.white-power over on news.groups, some with distinct "voices". The
thought, therefore, as I imagine it would be "You don't know I am in person,
but you can count on me to be who I am, with this style and set of views,
and I say that this guy is another actual person with the same."
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-26 07:31:43
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailer stats 
The following is the result of my own experiments, performed when a) I
started noticing that my remailing times didn't seem to match the ping lists
available and b) another local guy posted a format that seemed useful, so I
swiped it.
I mailed through each of the remailers listed below ten times over the
course of eight days (10 Jan 96 to 18 Jan 96) - posts went out spread across
all hours of the day and night, to compensate for congestion at high-traffic
times. (Insomnia's value as a research aid, coming soon to a major
scientific journal.) Each post went through the remailer, to a nym server,
back through the remailer, and then to me. The trip time is the interval
from the end of a posting session with Eudora and PPP connection to Teleport
to the arrival of a message in my mailbox at Teleport. Times are given in
hours and minutes. "Failure" means that I hadn't gotten a reply back within
four days of posting it.
I anticipate doing this on a monthly basis, and would be delighted to hear
from anyone else doing the same. Joel McNamara has raised the possibility of
a net resource that would feed back the data for whatever region is closet
to the inquirer, which sounds seriously cool to me.
REMAILER PERFORMANCE, MID-JANUARY
FAILURES    REMAILER                        AVG     MIN     MAX     NOTES
 0          hroller at c2.org                  00:05   00:02   00:18
 0          homer at rahul.net                 00:06   00:03   00:14
 0          hfinny at shell.portal.com         00:08   00:02   00:38
 0          remailer at armadillo.com          00:09   00:06   00:12
 0          hal at alumni.caltech.edu          00:09   00:02   00:24
 0          remailer at utopia.hacktic.nl      00:19   00:03   01:20
 0          mixmaster at vishnu.alias.net      00:56   00:23   02:38
 0          remailer at valhalla.phoenix.net   01:35   00:20   05:49
 0          mixmaster at remail.obscura.com    02:36   00:23   06:55
 0          remailer at bi-node.zerberus.de    07:43   00:15   19:54
 1          remailer at replay.com             00:31   00:13   01:14
 2          remail at c2.org                   00:52   00:14   03:00
 8          remailer at extropia.wimsey.com    01:46   01:19   02:13   [1]
 8          mix at remail.gondolin.org         11:17   03:58   18:36
10          amnesia at chardos.connix.com      ?       ?       ?
[1] On the 19th or 20th, extropia.wimsey.com suddenly cleared backlog, and
all my messages did go through. So I'll see how it does in February; looks
like they had a week-long weirdness of some kind.
Comments welcome.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-26 15:45:22
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Elitism 
As a short, elegant, powerful argument against statist thinking, I recommend
most highly Kenichi Ohmae's THE END OF THE NATION STATE: THE RISE OF
REGIONAL ECONOMIES. Mr Ohmae focuses on areas that have geographical and
social meaningfulness, on the scale of Hong Kong/Canton, Catalonia, the
Pacific Northwest, and so forth. He quickly makes hash of the idea that the
nation-state is a meaningful unit for modern economic analysis.
ObCrypto: He looks for region-state governments that, among other things,
respect citizens' privacy.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-27 05:32:11
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Signing nyms' keys (Was: Report on Portland Cpunks...) 
This is the real problem, one which doesn't (to me) have a ready solution.
If others can demonstrate that there [is|is not] some fairly straightforward
way around it, I'd be happy to read it.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-27 09:49:56
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: "This post is G-Rated" 
This seems to me a task of crucial importance, as I listen to the
conversations of relatively net-clueless folks. Their first reaction, upon
learning about net abuse, is to demand that abusers be tracked down and
punished. Privacy-enhancing tools make this more difficult. It seems to me
that if we're to avoid a wholescale crusade against net privacy, we _really_
need to have a credible alternative to offer: both the software and the
wetware :-) to let individuals screen out offending drek. Having canned
solutions is especially important, since many of the people most susceptible
to anti-privacy propaganda are precisely those who don't know and likely
aren't going to know how to construct their own filters.
I see this as a matter of enlightened self-interest, therefore.
I can't write code worth squat, but I can write other things. I'm starting
in on a Web-based guide to privacy tools, with screen shots and the like. If
anyone has useful info to contribute about screening out crud for novices,
write me! I need to hear from you!
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-28 19:23:08
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: PIDAHO and EUDORA PRO 2.2 
tried to
be sent to
Um, yes, indeed they can. I do it routinely. Eudora Pro is one of the
options in the drop-down list box in the E-mail|Transfer options... dialog,
right below the buttons for canned settings. And it works just fine. You are
making sure that you've got Eudora with a blank new message ready to go, right?
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-30 03:57:56
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: The Unintended Consequences of Suppression 
Particularly in cases where, rightly or wrongly, the folks being subjected
to ad hominem have a very favorable public image.
Explanations that give credit for good intentions and show how the present
action works to undermine them, and which include constructive alternatives,
are a _lot_ more likely to be listened to.
At least that's the way it works for me. And it works for pretty much
everyone I know. If there's anyone here who's more impressed by ad hominem,
I'd be curious, but they'd still be in the minority.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com

@_date: 1996-01-31 16:57:56
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
On the contrary. Fear is a right and proper response to irrational demands
made by people with lots more force and public support than me. Fear becomes
bad only in our response to it. If I get scared into inaction, _then_ the
bureaucrats win. If I take the fear as motivation to improve my own security
and reduce my dependence on the whims of others, then the bureaucrats lose.
It is fear of the risks I run in an unsecured state that motivates me to
work on my own privacy, and to pass the info I learn on to others.
But fear, in this case, is merely the acknowledgement of the vast potential
for harm. Denying it is just foolish.
You must be reading an alternate universe's version of Cypherpunks - check
to make sure that your quantum stabilizers are in order. In _my_ universe,
Tim May is a prominent advocate for freedom and self-government, who has
written well on why the collapse of the police state (and all states) is
inevitable, and what we can do in the meantime.
Side note to list owner: perhaps we need a majordomo hack to check this
cross-universe traffic problem. It seems to be becoming increasingly common.
Bruce Baugh
bruceab at teleport.com
