
@_date: 2003-07-07 08:25:58
@_author: Stormwalker 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
The issue of knowing about other people based on one subject's DNA
has been known for for several years. For example, if a a woman
has the BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene (breast cancer), then so does her mother,
sister(s) and daughter(s) because the gene is hereditary. Insurance
companies can/have refused insurance coverage to the subject's relatives
and the relatives have no idea why. Ethical issues have surfaced around the desire of the subject's
relatives not wanting to know if they have a harmful, shared gene. If
the subject tells her relatives abour her gene, then her relatives know that they have the gene. It's not like I told some them I broke my arm
which only tells them a fact about me.
The extension into law enforcement is an expected outcome. And there
will be more.
In my opinion, very few people understand the impact of human
understanding of how life is constructed. The science is well understood,
the engineering has just begun. We are taking conscious control of
evolution, far past selective breeding and way past clones.
                              cheers, bob

@_date: 2003-07-07 13:15:04
@_author: Stormwalker 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
The BRCA genes are only transmitted through the mother, but
  there are many others that go through both lines.
  With most genes there is not a 100% chance that any one person
  will suffer, although there are few. One measurement is the PPV,
  Positive Predictive Value, which gets to estimate the probability
  that the problem gene will actually cause the problem. Trouble is,
  it's real hard to get the PPV right. No one really knows how to
  do it, so the insurance companies just say to any possibility, no
  matter how remote.
   While I agree completely, you might be surprised at just how
   many people don't want to know and will get upset if you spoil
   the surprise by telling them.
  Unintended side effects are all but guaranteed :(  The tinkering   will resemble eugenics at the building block level. Eliminating genetic
  diseases will be great, but introducing other things might not be, just
  as eliminating some things might be bad.
   This already happens - selecting your mate has more procedures
   if youare in line for a spot as king somewhere.
  I have to disagree here. Medical insurance is not the same as life
  or car insurance. It was all supposed to be a big pool that we would
  draw on when needed. By skimmimng the cream, infant mortality rates
  rise, along with a host of other problems.
  Well, yes, but the corporations are becoming part of their own state...
                cheers, bob

@_date: 2003-07-07 20:36:36
@_author: Stormwalker 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
My apologies. This is a not what I meant to  say. The brca genes
  can be passed through both paternal and maternal lines.   I was thinking of eugenics where something was forced upon others,
  which I do not think is desirable.   The invention of agriculture has not yet culminated. It gave/gives   people time to do other things.
  Good luck banning germ lines :)
   Reverting may or not be possible. The products of some germ line
   may like what they are and wil lnot revert, no matter what other
   folks think.
                      cheers, bob

@_date: 2003-07-07 20:53:34
@_author: Stormwalker 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
No, I am not confusing medical insurance with socialized medicine
   or anything else. I mentioned life insurance on purpose. That is a
   bet on when I will die, they bet later, I bet earlier. Money can
   be made - although never by me unless I cheat.
   Medical insurance is about maintenence of our lives. You do not
   need to participate, but I'll bet if you get hurt, you'll head
   to the nearest emergency room. The pool I speak of is simply that
   I may need the services now and you may need some later. We all have
   shared types of services and very specific service. I will most likely
   never need medical services for AIDS, but I have used them for broken
   bones. I will never need them for gyno or for giving birth services,    but I may need them for prostrate problems. We all use them when we are    born.   Well, you probably don't need to explain the problems of socialized
  medicine, but I would like to hear about how you will do your own
  X-Rays or chemotherapy.
  Not any more. See life insurance. Also, please keep in mind that   insurance compnaies do not make their money from premiums, but
  from investments of all the premiums they collect and hold. Your model
  is not correct.
   This is a detour from my original proposition, but in answer to your
   question, you do not pay for rock climbing injuries. You pay for what
   you need and the rock climber pays for rock climbing risks. You may
   do something else risky or eat too many french fries that will cause
   a heart attack later. The rock climber will probably not have that
   heart attack. Opt out if you wish. I have opted out for a number of
   years by choice myself and have opted in as well.
   This scenario of testing for specific genes is already underway. Stay
   tuned.
                cheers, bob

@_date: 2003-07-08 11:30:27
@_author: Stormwalker 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Correct to a point. As businesses, their primary goal is to make a    profit. Providing goods/services is a by-product. Please don't assume
   I like insurance companies, especially when they are in between me and
   medical services.  I would be happier self-insuring and paying for the
   spikes in cost along the way. I was merely pointing out that, although
   the insurance providers and others, see the industry as a busines (read
   quarterly/annual timeframes), this is an incorrect way of looking at    it. It is incorrect because our lives go past the annual profit and    should be viewed over a much longer time span. By comparing my behavior
   today with the behavior of others, you get a distorted picture of
   what is happening. The business is happy with that picture because    there is always someone to point a finger at, today.
   This is true to a point, but the facts are a little different. The    stats show a spike in deaths at age 50 and 65, which is the basis for
   SS retirement age, and for over 50 folks it's 66 and increasing. The    spikes are caused by bad behavior, bad genes and bad luck, but have
   been reliable for a long time.
   Pyramid scheme.
   Again, true to a point. It turns out once the sickly have been weeded
   out (50 & 65), the 80+ people are *generally* in good health when    compared to the rest of the population in spite the creation of the    living dead segment.
   Keep in mind that young people stress the medical system as well as
   the old. Giving birth is not cheap, for example. Neither is pediatric
   care. If you are going analyze the costs, you need to look at all of
   them, not a just piece at time. Why should I pay for an AIDS patient?    Well, why should I pay for women giving birth, except when it's my
   child?                     cheers, bob

@_date: 2003-07-08 14:49:40
@_author: Stormwalker 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
Okay, I will make one last stab at showing why medical/health
  insurance is different from other forms of insurance, then, unless
  something really new appears, let it drop. I don't want to waste
  anyone's time and it was not that important to me in the first place.
  I have no love for any insurance provider. My attempt to understand
  does not imply approval.
  What I consider to be important and relevant, is the next 10 or so years
  where the engineering phase resulting from the mapping/sequencing of
  human genome will get into high gear. We will all be able to know
  more about each other than ever before and be able to manipulate the   building blocks of life. This will have a major impact on all of us.
  Now, for the insurance stuff. If I take out boat insurance and
  my boat sinks, I collect for the boat (assuming my policy was written
  that way and I did nothing to invalidate it). The parties
  involved are myself and the insurance company. If I take out life   insurance, when I die, my beneficiary collects from the insurance   company, only because I am dead and cannot collect myself. If my
  car is wrecked, I collect from the insurance company (I or they may
  have to pay a lien holder).
  In the medical insurance game, I pay a premium to the insurance
  company. When I need to collect (ie use medical services) I go to a   physician or hospital and they get paid for providing services by the   insurer. I do not  collect money  for breaking my arm or catching the   flu. It is not enough  to call all insurance games the same just because   the profit motive  exists for all  of them. That's like saying baseball   and basketball are the same because they both use balls.   The difference is in the existance of the third party (medical
  professionals), required because it is life maintenance, not a simple
  betting game like the other insurance games. If my boat is only damaged,
  I can collect the money and fix it myself or not, as I please. The
  same is not true of health insurance. Imagine that I break my arm, then
  insist that I be paid whatever it would have cost to fix it. I could
  decide to fix it myself or not fix it at all. Or take the money and
  go my choice of healer.   Because of this structure, I do not accept that insurance companies
  need to know anything beyond the minimum about me. They know how to
  price it without detailed personal information.
  If this is not clear enough, so be it.
  Lastly, medical insurance is often (not always) coerced. For example,
  in a divorce case, especially with kids involved, one or both parents
  will be required to carry it. If you want to be full time student in
  Massachusetts, you are required to carry it (and telling me to give   up my choice of being a student is still being coerced.). If you want a   job in  Massachusetts, you can only choose which provider you want. Not   to carry it is not a choice. This may not be true in other states, but
  it is true in some. I used to live in Mass.
                    cheers, bob
