
@_date: 1996-02-25 20:11:56
@_author: B. Schneier 
@_subject: Report from Fast Software Encryption Conference 
This is a temporary e-mail address; I am in Cambridge until 12 March.
Continue to send mail to schneier at counterpane.com; it forwards by itself.
The conference was held at the Isaac Newton Institute for
Mathemtical Science, and was attended by about 45 people.  What
follows is a short description of some, but not all, of the talks.
There were two papers analyzing safer: "Truncated Differentials
of SAFER" by Knudsen and Berson, and "The PHT of SAFER" by Murphy.
Unfortunately, only the first paper appears in the proceedings.
The attacks work on SAFER with 5 rounds or less, and not on SAFER
with the new key schedule suggested at Crypto '95.
Vaudenay presented his attack on Blowfish, which expoloits weak
keys that result in two S-box entries being identical.  In a weak
Blowfish variant where the S-boxes are known, his attack can break
8-round Blowfish efficiently but does not work against the full
16-round version.  If the S-boxes are secret, as they are in
Blowfish, his attack can detect these weak keys in the 8-round
variant but not in the 16-round variant.
Blaze presented a really clever protocol for encrypting with a
low-bandwidth smartcard.  The idea is that the host computer is
trusted with the plaintext but not the key, and the secure smartcard
is too slow to do bulk encryption.  He presents a protocol where the
host does all the work but does not learn the key.
Dobbertin presented a beautiful paper where he cryptanalyzed MD4,
extending the work he did cryptanalyzing RIPE-MD.  Attendees took bets on when MD5 will fall to this sort of attack.
There were several new algorithms presented.  RIPEMD-160 is a
strengthened version of RIPE-MD, designed by Dobbertin, Bosselaers,
and Preneel.  ISAAC is a steam cipher by Bob Jenkins.  Tiger is a
one-way hash function by Anderson and Biham designed to work efficently
on 64-bit computers.  Shark is a block cipher, similar in design to
SAFER, by Rijmen, Daemen, Preneel, Bosselaers, and De Win.  And there
were two Luby-Rackoff-like constructions that make block ciphers of
arbitrary block size out of stream ciphers and one-way hash functions
by Anderson and Biham, called Bear and Lion.  Another paper by Lucks
showed how to spead up Luby-Rackoff's block cipher.  Matsui presented
some work on block cipher designs provably secure against differential
and linear cryptanalysis, but not the specific construction that is the
MISTY algorithm.
Kelsey and Schneier presented a paper on unbalanced Feistel networks.
Called UFNs, these are Feistel networks where the two sides are of
unequal size.  Examples of this construction includes MD4, RC2, MacGuffin, S1, and REDOC III.  We gave some general analysis of different constructions.
There were two papers on correlation attacks on stream ciphers, and one
paper by Golic on nonlinear filter generators.
The proceedings have been published by Springer-Verlag in their
Lecture Notes in Computer Science series,   The editor
of the volume is Dieter Gollmann, and the ISBN is 3-540-60865-6.

@_date: 1996-03-08 02:27:21
@_author: B. Schneier 
@_subject: TET cryptosystem 
This is a temporary e-mail address; I am in Cambridge until 12 March.
Continue to send mail to schneier at counterpane.com; it forwards by itself.
This explanation is so laced with nonsensical buzzwords that the algorithm
is probably absolute nonsense.  I can't tell you (because of NDAs) how
many times I've seen proprietary algorithms that make all sorts of
grandeose claims of security and are actually terrible.
* Bruce Schneier
* Counterpane Systems         For a good prime, call 391581 * 2^216193 - 1
* schneier at counterpane.com

@_date: 1996-03-09 21:46:46
@_author: B. Schneier 
@_subject: This is my support letter to Sen Leahy 
This is a temporary e-mail address; I am in Cambridge until 12 March.
Continue to send mail to schneier at counterpane.com; it forwards by itself.
March 1, 1996
Hon. Patrick Leahy
United States Senate
Dear Senator Leahy,
    I would like to thank you for introducing the Encrypted
Communications Privacy Act.  As a member of the computer and information
security research community, I am keenly aware of the vital role of
cryptography in fostering the development of our information infrastructure.
    As the author of the book, "Applied Cryptography", I have unusual
insights into the absurdity of cryptography export restrictions.  It is
not without irony that one may export my book in paper format, but not
electronically.  Presumably no rational person believes that the
current restrictions actually prevent the spread of cryptography.  I
believe you recognize this, as evidenced from the strong stance taken
in your bill.
    As the bill recognizes, we can no longer afford to hold on to the
obsolete notion that cryptography is the sole province of government
communications; the growth of modern networks has irrevocably pushed
it into the mainstream.  I applaud you leadership towards codifying
these principles in a balanced and responsible way.  In particular,
the bill:
      o Removes the regulatory strangle-hold that has encumbered
      o Recognizes the futility of applying regulations intended to
      o Encourages public confidence in encryption by allowing
      o Recognizes the special obligations of keyholders to be
      o Allows the United States to continue its leadership role as
      o Acknowledges the pivotal role of cryptography in electronic
        commerce.
    I continue to have concerns that the new criminal obstruction
provision will discourage law abiding citizens from using cryptography.
I hope that legislative history and further discussion will demonstrate
the narrow intent of this crime.
    Overall, your bill takes very necessary strides towards ensuring that
the protections we take for granted in traditional media keep pace with
technology, and I commend your efforts.
