
@_date: 1994-02-26 18:30:20
@_author: Steve Blasingame 
@_subject: Newsday Editorial 
We have not been formally introduced. My name is Steve Blasingame. I am a
long-time proponent of quality encryption systems for both private and
commercial communications. I am also a long-time employee of The AT&T
Company responsible for AT&T-GIS strategies, programs and products
in internetworking. I am very pleased that AT&T is manufacturing the
"Clipper Phone" product and believe that "Clipper" is an enabling
technology for government and business. However, I must challenge the
basis of your "Newsday" editorial as false.
It would be great if this were true, but it is false. Criminals and
terrorists operate outside the confines of the law and are not obliged
to use encryption schemes sanctioned by statute.
Given that criminals would not be obliged to use the statutory method
of encryption, what other purpose could be served by such a technology
enforced by law?
"   If the opponents get their way, however, all communications on the
information highway would be immune from lawful interception."
It is clear that the security of communications on the information
highway is an important issue. However, as a corporate citizen, I
am more concerned about the un-lawful monitoring of communications and
do not consider that there is a sufficiently robust encryption technology
to make a statutory encryption standard workable for more than a few years.
I think that this qualifies as an appeal to ignorance. "Can you prove
it isn't true?"
If you examine definition 3 from the latest edition of the "American
Heritage Dictionary" in your study, you will find that "Lawless" means
"not governed by law." This is certainly a law that we can all do without.
  Very truly yours,
    Steve Blasingame
    bsteve at zontar.com

@_date: 1994-03-03 10:24:51
@_author: Steve Blasingame 
@_subject: D.Denning Reply 
Here is Dorothy Denning's reply to my response to her Newsday article. The
shocking features are that she does not seem able to differentiate legality
from morality, and doesn't seem to believe that law should flow from a popular
majority, but from the state. Sure sounds like she wants a police state to me.
  Steve Blasingame
  bsteve at zontar.com
----------
