
@_date: 2004-08-05 05:47:16
@_author: Brad Templeton 
@_subject: [IP] Your people are growing increasingly worried about a 
'police state.' For such an educated audience,
Indeed, as you cite, there are many police states and history is
littered with ones that have risen and fallen as well.
Each time a police state rose, there were those who cried that a police
state was coming and were called paranoid.   There were those who
actively assisted the police state in coming, seeking the security it
promised.  There were those who assisted the police state in coming,
not wanting one, but feeling those who called out the warnings were
paranoid.  There were those who said and did nothing.
Free states are the abberation in the history of mankind.  Police states
(for the level of technology of the day) the norm.
So perhaps when Mr. Ashcroft erodes civil rights, you can make a valid
claim that it introduces only a very slight risk of a police state, or
is only the start of a trend.
How much risk is enough?  If events only presented a 1% chance of
taking the path to a police state, would you want to tolerate it?
Would you find it acceptable to teeter on the edge of a police state,
because you were still on the free side of the line?
Often, in the defence of free speech, we find ourselves defending people
expressing ideas we loathe.   Nazis, pedophiles and other scum.  We
do it not because we welcome a world full of their messages, but because
we know that if the Holocaust deniers can publish, we are _really,
sure that we can publish.  It's not paranoia.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2006-07-10 12:06:08
@_author: Brad Templeton 
@_subject: [IP] on crypto systems from CTO PGP 
While it is also a non-scientific statement, this history of
"unbreakable" cryptography is checkered.   Significant numbers of
systems judged unbreakable using the thinking of the day have ended up
having flaws.   Some claims of unbreakability also fell victim to
the unexpected push of Moore's law (such as DES, which we at the EFF
demonstrated the crackability of many years ago.)
One of my favourite charts at a crypto conference did a graph between
the predicted lifetime of cryptosystems (often expressed, in terms of
tens of thousands of years, or now lifetimes of the universe) and the
actual lifetime under unanticipated cryptanalysis techniques.  It was
meant to be an amusement but it looked like a real trend.
2^128 will not be readily brute-forced with the technology we envision
today.   The point is that most of these systems were not broken with
the technology (and other aspects of cryptanalysis) we know today.
Each flaw found in a cryptosystem makes our next system stronger, of
but it's very risky to say we've found the last flaw, discovered the
last breakthrough in cryptanalysis.
As for quantum computing, a classmate of mine has endowed a center
for quantum computing at Waterloo, using his RIM money.  I asked him
recently how many q-bits they could do, he told me they had classified
the answer.   That could mean they are being overly paranoid in their
classifications (quite likely) or that they have classified it because
they wonder if the future answer will be military level, or if they
have classified it just to keep people wondering.  But one can't help
but wonder.
All this said, I feel pretty confident in our modern systems.  But
not enough to say essentially unbreakable.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
