
@_date: 1994-04-07 19:25:48
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: problems with key escrow 
I suppose the most serious issue is the internal abuse of power by
government employees.
We all know that california DMV operators sell drivers records to anybody
for small amounts of cash.
We all know that social security people sell employment history on any
social security number to anybody for small amounts of cash.
We've seen political power blocks abuse their authority by investigating
opposition groups.
We all know the "posse" would have everybody's keys on a brown bag full of
DAT tapes within weeks of going live.
Look at what bozo 9-X did with everybody's PIN number in their latest
phone card mailing!!  They printed people's PIN numbers on the *OUTSIDE*
of the envelope!!!
Why make it easy for them?
Moral: Thou shalt not give power unto the gestapo or the bozo - or thou
       shalt be sorry in the long run.
His system was just roadkill along the information superhighway.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-02-15 20:23:36
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: rEaL wOrLd EnCrYpTiOn 
Sandy -
   In the real world there are already secret banks.  There are already
forms of untraceable cash and forms of completely fungible money.  These
techniques are very ancient and time honored.  They are well understood.
Many of them have stood the test of time and have not been compromised by
various incarnations of police states.
   Given the existence of efficient, accessible, secret, and widely accepted
monetary exchange I can't really see the need for a digital bank from the
privacy side.  I can't really see anyone who uses the current techniques
being interested in a new experimental form unless they are techno-junkies.
Nevertheless, please continue.  Some of us are techno-junkies.
   It is already well known to privacy fanatics that you should not use
credit cards, debit cards, checks, atm cards, or other forms of electronic
money.  All transactions are logged and are easily analyzed.
   Astute people cash their pay check at the employer's bank and pay cash for
everything.  Admittedly, this is somewhat paranoid, but on the other hand it
is fun to defeat the monolithic database builders who want to make money off
of selling information that belongs to you.
   Cypherpunks must concentrate on solving problems that are true problems
now.  Do not spend time creating a variant of an existing/workable/fun
solution.  Email privacy was a true problem.  Clear text on your pc's hard
drive was a true problem.
   Right now there is the well known problem of ethernet sniffers and the trivial security breaches that can occur.  A telnet/lat traffic encrypter
is needed badly by the Sun/Dec/HP world.  Novell needs something badly as
   Cellular phones desperately need something.  The masses just have NO
IDEA how badly cellular needs something!  Fax machines need a variant of
PGP.  Pagers probably need it too.
   I think the larger issue that cypherpunks need to blue sky about is wether
they will be content with a role as grey-area political criminals underneath the boot of an ever growing police state.  Can crypto be more than a defensive
weapon?  What would people be defending against?
   Crypto can do some things but it won't be the total solution.  In the end
we need to strengthen the rights of the little guy and devise ways to dilute
any new state powers that are created by technology.  Crypto is just one
compartment on our batman utility belt.
   People always argue that criminals would use these tools.  I'm certain
of it.  Strengthening the state's hand to fight criminals always screws the
little guy.  The criminals all go to work for the state when its powerful
enough!  We've seen this over and over.
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-02-23 21:11:29
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: CERT funding 
I saw a message on this topic a couple of days ago where the poster
speculated about NSA funding for CERT.  I posted the following reply
to the cypherpunks list then but I did not see it echoed to the list.
Maybe the work being done for the ratings hoo-ha lost some of the
postings.  Anyhow here it goes again - my apologies if you've seen
this already.
Don't get too worried about CERT and its budget.  I interviewed there
- oh - around 18 months ago.  This was prior to the sniffer fiascos and
the sendmail-bug-of-the-week deluge.
CERT had a section of the "Institute for Software Engineering" building
which is a very nice building next to CMU.  The CERT offices were kind of
crowded and there were some partitions.  Most of the staff had their own
office, however.  I noted which ones had window offices and stored it away.
There were three! :-)
The staff seemed to be all comp-sci grad student types.  The main guy was
your typical visionary professor type.  Before I spoke with him he was
interrupted by a call from someone at DARPA about their funding.  I am
certain that he was having trouble convincing his funders that the problems
were growing and that CERT's budget should expand.  I got the impression
that continued funding of CERT was not a done deal and that even keeping
the current level of funding was uncertain.
My point - the funding was not substantial and it was not "reliable" funding.  Their hardware was fairly recent but I did see a lot of
"old soldier" type computer equipment still in service.  There was
mostly SUN, some DEC R4000 stuff, and maybe a microvaxII.  Most definetly
not NSA funded.  It is funded by DARPA/USAF just like most old arpanet
activity was.
As I interviewed with nearly all of the staff I can say they are all
most definetly comp-sci grad student types.  Probably all working on
MS or PHD over at CMU.  I was intrigued by the types of questions that
they asked me about.  I was asked more questions about software engineering issues than about security issues.  I got the impression that
most of the staff had only a peripheral understanding of the technical
weaknesses in the current installed base.  I know that structured
programming, relational databases, case tools, and AI are important
but are they important in an OS security framework?  (shrug)
I asked them what got CERT started and they told me it was kind of put
together informally after the morris internet worm holiday.
I was surprised that they only seemed truely interested in SUN issues.
I did not get the impression they were concerned about PC's on the
net, VMS systems, or other platforms.  Perhaps they all wanted to go
to work for SUN later?  :-) :-)  Clearly other platforms can serve as
vehicles for intrusion, and clearly they needed to be interested in
anything with an ethernet plug on it.  I was surprised by this - I still
I was also surprised to find out that there were several organizations
other than CERT executing the same functions for each government agency.
I learned that there was one for the navy, the dod, the cia, and probably
even the coast guard! :-)  I wondered aloud about how much information
these groups shared and I got the impression that the other groups might
not have trusted CERT too much with good information.  In other words
there is probably a group that you guys should be worried about because
they are deeper in the black and they don't trust the CERT guys either!
:-) :-)
I was surprised to see the level of calls that CERT was getting.  I
saw an endless stream of E-mail and phone calls.  One staff member
told me that they were averaging around 1400 E-mail messages a day!!
Holy shit!  Remember this was before sendmail/sniffer!  It must be
exploding "elm" up there right now. :-) :-)
CMU had very good fringe benefits by the way.  I had a real good time and
the CERT staff treated me very well.  The CMU campus was clean and pleasing
to the eye.  Just to show they are real computer people they took me to
lunch at pizza hut.  It was the first time I'd ever seen anybody use one
of those "the club" things on their car wheel. :-) :-)
Anyway I didn't get the position.  On the one hand I thought it would be
pretty neat but on the other hand I knew the problems they were going to
have to deal with were only going to grow like crazy.  I thought something
big would happen but I didn't expect the hilarious level that the sendmail
and /dev/nit problems would reach.  The CERT guys have my sympathy.  Maybe
it was just my good luck working to bail me out again?  I didn't get the impression that they were that up to speed on what could
be done to either attack or defend OS security.  I am sure they are getting
a fast education in that.  I am also certain they are getting a fast
education in the politics of blame.  I see a lot of people really hammering
them for surpressing information or ignoring problems.  I think we need
to realize that they are a small staff and the internet is a mighty big
ranch.  Clearly they are overwhelmed.  I am also certain that they are
learning the politics of getting vendors off their butts to fix things.
GROAN!! :-) :-)  To top it all off they have to also specialize in the
politics of getting continued funding.  What a thankless task, so utterly
unappreciated by the reckless drivers on the superhighway. :-) :-)
I think we need a be kind to CERT-person-with-beeper-week where all hackers
voluntarily stop what they are playing with.  This week could begin the day
prior to christmas eve and last until January 2.
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-02-25 20:16:08
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: inept spy 
I think we all need to pay close attention to this.  Perhaps he wanted to
get caught - perhaps the russians wanted us to find out - perhaps we are
not getting the whole story.  I know something funny is up with regards to
the "timing" of this thing coming out.

@_date: 1994-01-19 20:56:40
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: Bobby Outman 
Watched the press conference and decided the guy had some serious problems
in the head.  I got the impression he was "Ross Perot'ing" on us on national
TV!  Well - Ross will certainly have an obvious VP choice for 96! :-)
Some of us were wondering what was wrong with the water or whatever down
in TX?  Could it be that the supercollider was actually finished and caused
so many problems that they decided to shut it down and claim it was never
completed? :-)
It phreaks me that this guy was actually NSA too!  Admittedly he was a navy
guy but.....
Whats back with the wrong-ups?

@_date: 1994-01-24 21:06:43
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: remailer wailer 
Please do not pay attention to the arguments by some that improvements
which do not solve something *completely* should be forgotten.
Please do make some of the changes that the e-vil Det has suggested.  If
some of them don't work out you can always unwind them.  Det strikes me
as just another guy who can't keep his mouth shut when he notices an
emp-error with no clothes on. :-)
Watching internet security is a window on what your remailer situation
could be like in 5 years.  Right now you have a lot of overpaid network
administrators who have not put in important fixes that were stale when
the Berlin wall came down! :-)  Right now you have a lot of overpaid
operating systems "developers" that have cemented and calcified a mass
of kludges into the commercial rigor mortis known as Unix.  The weakness of these systems is so well known that virtually anyone who
wants to take a shot at it can do so.  Please do something to raise the
difficulty level of screwing around with your anti-police-state tools
such as remailers.  You don't need to write or devise the end-all solution - just raise the wall a little each year.
The kids get their game-genie codes to make video games do things that the
original designers did not intend.  The kids don't know why the codes
do what they do and they don't care to experiment too much to find out
what else can be done.  A precious and valuable few do.
The kids on the internet are like the game-genie kids in many ways.  They
avidly wait for the next phrack so that they can get the latest SUNOS
game genie code.  Perhaps this month its another sendmail flaw, or maybe a /dev/nit problem.  In any event, there will be a recipe for doing it
and the kids don't care why it does what it does, or what else can be
done.  We have an entire generation of "hackers" who are of little use
to "us" because they can't blue sky, read source code, theorize about
a hole/race condition, and set up a test to exploit it.  All they care
about is having the latest "how-to" sheet.
If the operating systems developers and network administrators had been
raising the difficulty level all along the kids would either drop out or get better.  The ones that got better would be of use.
Don't let the remailers go the same way.  Please do some of the minimal
things to cover some of the common ideas.  If someone comes up with a
neat twist and still pulls something - *great*.  At least it will be fun.
There is nothing more boring than a continual series of attacks using a
stale technique.  You guys could breed that for the future if thats what
you want.  Some kid with a remailer genie code could get the press or
government interested in your toys before you want them to know.
It would really be funny to see you guys form a "RERT" modeled after
the highly successful "CERT".  Remailer emergency response team.
Do something!  You have no clothes!  You live in a glass house!  A stitch
in time saves nine!  Finally - an old system administrator experience is to never delete the
accounts of trouble makers.  Always leave their favorite accounts be.  It
is much easier to keep tabs on them.  If you harrass them they will go
underground and you will miss things.
Whats back with the wrong-ups?
Finger me for pee gee pee

@_date: 1994-03-11 19:47:17
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: mo money woe 
I was watching CNBC today and saw that some european banks were having
trouble with counterfeit 100 dollar bills.  They are calling them
"super bills" because they only seemed to have three minor flaws that
most experts would not detect.  They said that a magnifying glass would
not be enough to detect these flaws.  Cut to your friendly secret service guy looking at two 100 dollar bills
under a microscope.  The SS said that they would figure out who was doing
it and bust them.  The guy actually had a smirk on his face.  I suppose
the quality of the work is so good;  that alone narrows down the field
of possibilities.
The interpol was speculating that over 1 billion of these superbills
were now in circulation.  Wow.
And I figured the US government was going to drive the dollar into
oblivion all by itself!  Perhaps they will have help along the way.
Perhaps people may be driven to Sandy's (et al) digital cash simply
because the technology to counterfeit paper cash is becoming more
reliable and available with each passing day.  It would be one of
those weird things that happen if people were driven to bin-bucks
not because of the desire for anonymity - but rather the desire to
maintain money's store of value function.
Gold coins are looking better every day.  Superbills - gimme a break.
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-03-13 19:09:49
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: voice encryption 
Hey guys last week we got ahold of a new board made by IBM that is an
actual ISDN board.  It is accessible as com1, is hayes compatible, and
has the texas instruments DSP chip on it.  The claim is 64kb.  We will
test it and see how it goes.  This would be better than the 28.8 stuff
but I think that still needs to be done for cellular.
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-03-13 20:12:06
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: voice encryption/isdn 
Yep.  But it may be there some day.  Ken Olson called ISDN a joke.
I remember seeing somebody in Computer World saying ISDN stood for
"I Still Don't kNow".
Hah!  We are talking about an IBM board here!! :-)   There was some
kind of ROM on the board, it may be an 8051 with EPROM?  Or possibly
a 68701.  We will figure it out at some point.
Speaking of DSP the new AT&T 3700 modem (from paradyne actually) has
a DSP and it seems to be driven by an easily modifyable rom.  Just another
While we are blue skying about this - what about the idea of using two
cellular connections in parallel?  Aside from cost it might create some
interesting interception problems.
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-03-13 20:19:27
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: digital cash 
While thinking about this whole superbill thing forcing people to digital
cash I wondered about the bank that sandy et al are constructing.
Are you guys going to simply represent dollars with your digital cash
or will you attempt to create your own currency that may simply be
converted to/from dollars?
I think it should not be digital dollars.  I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-03-14 21:58:51
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: digital cash 
Perry responds:
Actually there is a very important distinction.  It has to do with time.
Suppose digital cash is denominated in dollars.  Digital cash then represents dollars.  Suppose we have a year with 10% inflation.  Your
digital cash holdings are reduced in real value because of the
behavior of the paper currency.
Suppose digital cash is not denominated in dollars but instead is
made to represent portions of gold stashed in a Swiss wharehouse.
Dollars would then be convertible into digital cash at some market
determined exchange rate.  Again suppose there is a year with 10% inflation.
Your digital cash would convert to a different number of paper dollars.
The difference between representation of dollars and conversion into
dollars is therefore one of time and one of governmental manipulations.
These are very important differences for attentive capitalists.
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-03-15 20:13:53
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: digital cash 
Uh - I didn't write that.  Just for the record.  Some other cp did,
I think Perry.
I didn't really want to start a gold standard debate I just wanted to get an idea of where the people implementing practical digital cash
were going.  I still don't have an answer for that, will it essentially
be a checking account denominated in dollars or will the digital cash
unit be detach from the dollar in some way?  Another thought, could digital cash become more valuable than other
forms of cash because of its unique characteristics?  As more people see
the advantages of digital cash then there might be bidding for the available pool.  If digital cash supply is restricted in some way,
early converters would gain advantage.
I'm not advocating gold, or 1972 dollars, or 1974 dollars, or 1979 dollars,
or .....
I'd like a 250 Mhz 128 bit hybrid processor with 64 meg of 8 way interleaved
memory, a 10 megabyte per second i/o channel, two 3 gig hard disks, two dat
drives with compression, and a large diet coke.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-03-16 20:59:31
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: digital cash hot and cold 
How about dis-information and lies?
If the supply of digital cash is unlimited, then how can it have value?
His system was just roadkill along the information superhighway.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-05-01 20:15:23
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: So what are we going to do 
They could tax it. :-)
His system was just roadkill along the information superhighway.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-05-01 21:03:31
@_author: Mark Hittinger 
@_subject: AH NO!!! 
I think it is a natural option they always fall back on when they
can't actually control something.
They want to tax tobacco and booze to pay for health care reform.
They want to tax gambling to pay for welfare reform.
They will clearly want to tax crypto for privacy reform.
Its intuitively obvious to the most casual surviellance!  Bet they thought
of it before I did.
His system was just roadkill along the information superhighway.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
