
@_date: 1996-09-27 09:03:27
@_author: Chris Adams 
@_subject: Internet plug pulled on Colombia's guerrillas 
Internet plug pulled on Colombia's
              guerrillas
              3:05pm EDT, 9/26/96
              BOGOTA, Colombia - A Colombian guerrilla group currently
              involved in a bloody offensive in the mountains and
              suffered a setback in its propaganda battle when its
              voice on the Internet was mysteriously silenced.               The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), which
              has periodically paralyzed half the country with road
              found its route to the information superhighway barred.               The Communist insurgents, who rose up in arms in 1964,
              embraced new technology last year in their fight to
overthrow the
              government by launching a home page on the Internet.               But in unexplained circumstances, which a spokeswoman for
              Mexico City-based Internet provider Teesnet said may or
              not be linked to external pressures, the plug was pulled
on the
              service Monday -- a day after being publicized in
              leading daily, El Tiempo.               The FARC's Mexico City-based international spokesman Marco
              LeDon CalarcDa admitted the loss of the Internet page was
              serious reversal but vowed the computer-age conflict was
              from over.               "This is an attack on freedom of expression because we
were not
              doing anything illegal. I cannot say exactly how it
happened but
              the hand of the Colombian government is in this," he said.               "The FARC is used to difficulties and this is just the
              challenge. One way or another we will get back on to the
              Internet."               The Colombian guerrillas used their worldwide web site to
              publish their political magazine Resistencia, whose
distribution is
              banned in Colombia, and to offer explanations about their
              armed actions.               FARC, labeled narcoguerrillas since the 1980s when U.S.
              ambassador Lewis Tambs highlighted the group's alleged
              connections with Colombia's drugs trade, have been dubbed
              Cyberspace guerrillas since their appearance on the
Internet.               "Cyberspace guerrillas may seem a fun name but I think it
              pejorative and belittles what we're doing," said LeDon
              "We are looking to topple the government and set up a new
              Colombia.               "Using weapons naturally comes within the logic of the
              struggle. Just fighting through the Internet would be like
              rubber bullets. Not using it would be like continuing to
fight the
              army with a 12-bore shotgun," he said.               In the four weeks since the FARC unleashed its latest
              with an attack on a jungle base in southern Putumayo
              more than 150 soldiers, police and civilians have died.

@_date: 1996-10-01 02:37:47
@_author: Chris Adams 
@_subject: Internet plug pulled on Colombia's guerrillas 
It's particularly funny when you consider that the main justification for
suppression is that insurgents (or rebels or freedom fighters or ...) kill
people. Something along the lines of "We don't suppress unpopular views;
we're just protecting our citizens".   Now, it seems to me that that having a
web page is a decidely non-lethal thing.   OTOH, it's probably more
effective at getting the outside world to find out what's happening.  Draw
your own conclusions.
# Chris Adams #  |
