
@_date: 1995-01-12 04:02:58
@_author: Craig A. Johnston 
@_subject: mail killfiling 
There was some talk on the list earlier about reading the list through
news so as to be able to use kill files.  Here is an alternate way for
folks that have 'deliver' installed on their system as the local mail
agent.  (do a "grep Mlocal /etc/sendmail.cf" to see...if you don't
see 'deliver' in there somewhere, you don't.  This is provided you are
using sendmail, of course.)
First, install the following as ".deliver" in your home dir:
--- cut here ---
# delivers all mail except that from folks in $NOMAIL
FROM=`header -f From $HEADER`
if grep "$FROM" $NOMAIL >/dev/null 2>/dev/null
then        # we don't want any mail from this person!
      exit         echo "$1"  # otherwise, deliver as usual
--- cut here ---
Now, you also need this little script that I call "killem" installed
in your home dir.
--- cut here ---
header -f From >> $NOMAIL
--- cut here ---
Now, let's say you are in your mailbox and you see such a horrible
piece of mail from someone that you never want to see any mail from
them again. ;)  Provided you are using 'elm', (probably is a mechanism for
this on other readers.)  just pipe the message through 'killem' with
a "|" from elm and answer "killem" when asked what you want to pipe
the message through.  The From: line will be stripped and stuck
in .nomail (or whatever you change it to) and you won't see any more
mail from this person.  Of course, this is not entirely true: mail
that does not get delivered will go to a file called Undel.mail in
your home dir, which you can keep, or have a cron job deal with, or
whatever you like.  Also, if they change their 'real name' on their system, you'll start to get mail from them again.  (i.e.
w/'chfn' or the like.)  This is just a quick hack I whipped up a moment ago, and could of course be improved/changed.  'deliver' will also run perl scripts,
and it should be relatively easy to write something that way that
will handle wildcarding and field selection.  An automated mailing
to folks upon their 'termination' could be added for those that
want to rub it in, or an automated bounce that sends mail right
back with a note that their mail is not being received.
If you want to block mail based just upon the account name and not
have to worry about them changing their "real" name, you can just add
the account name to .nomail manually.  Judicious use of the unix 'cut'
command could have 'killem' just toss the account name into .nomail for
mail coming from unixy systems, but would fail for others, so I decided
to not assume anything about the From: line.  Ought to work fine
and transparently for most folks as-is.  Ingenious folks can build
on it.
I dunno how many systems use 'deliver', but it's sort of a Linux
(slackware) default, and those using it can avoid learning procmail
with this script.

@_date: 1995-01-20 04:09:42
@_author: Craig A. Johnston 
@_subject: remailer questions 
Ok, I'm planning on putting up a remailer on my Linux box.   One of the things I'd really like to know is, how much in the way of
attempts to break into your machines are remailer ops seeing?  How much in the way of other attacks?
I'd also like to get some idea of the amt of resources consumed by
a relatively popular remailer -- amt of system loading, disk space
devoted to remailing activites, and anything else.  I know loading will be hard to quantify in a meaningful way, but for
reference my machine is a 486/66 w/32 megs RAM and pretty fast SCSI
disks.  Just a general idea of how significant the load on such
a machine will be would be nice.  My SCSI and Ethernet are both fast,
and on a PCI bus.
My site is at the moment, I think, relatively secure.  I have few users
and am sure at the moment nobody has an easily crackable password.  I
plant to install a fascist password checker soon.  I currently have ftpd and fingerd commented out of my inetd.conf.
(I plan to put ftpd back, at some point, but really don't like outsiders
being able do a finger  and find out who is on, how long, how long
idle, find out when users last logged on or read their mail, etc.  I will
probably want to add it back after modifying it or finding a stock one
that does what I want.)  I have tcp wrappers installed, and have checked on a number of blatant
security holes that I know of.
I am worried that once I begin running a remailer, the number of attacks
on my machine will increase dramatically.  I'd of course like for my
data and my users' data to remain private, and believe that a compromised
remailer is (obviously) worse than no remailer at all.
What would be nice, before I put up a remailer, would be to have any
willing, security-knowledgeable cypherpunk subscribers out there to
probe my machine for any really obvious chinks, for security-aware
Linux users to point out any Linux or Slackware-specific security
holes, etc.  Of course I'd want to have a word with anyone willing
to probe me before they just went at it... ;)
Linux kernel is currently 1.1.81, which is quite stable for me, and the Slackware distribution is 1.2.0.  I'm running sendmail 8.6.9, are there any really terrible vulnerabilities
in it any longer from outside the machine?  From inside?
Of course, I'm on an Ethernet with others, and have users logging in
from other Ethernets, so am vulnerable to sniffers.  I don't
think it's going to be feasible to install skey here, as a number
of my users are extremely non-technical.
I'm also still looking around for what I'm going to run.
I'd like for it to be easy to reply to users, but absolutely impossible for me to 'out' anyone under any circumstances.  The encrypted-sender stuff some remailers currently use is probably too
ugly for most average joes to want to use, and not as secure as I'd
like.  It's probably the best available at the moment.  This should
definitely change.
What I'd *really* like to do would be to write a client and server
to make an anonymous pool act like normal email ... this is really the only way I can think of to make replying easy but also to have
good security.  I'm sort of surprised someone has not done this yet.
It'd be pseudonymous, your client would only look at messages for
you or for everyone (for your convenience -- of course anyone could
look at anything, but it'll all be PGP'ed, so...)  Some really neat things that could be done w/this... for folks willing to trust the sever to some degree, cross-referencing of pseudonyms
and public keys could be done, allowing joe user to just mail to
a pseudonym -- this would be good in cases where one party wishes to
hide, while the other has nothing to hide and is possibly very
non-technical.  He'd have no guarantee that someone wasn't reading
his mail to the pseudonymous party, on the way in, but the p.n. party
would not have to worry about having his real address cross-referenced,
or about the server having the key to decrypt his real (included) address
in memory or on disk.  Anon pools are obviously doable right now, with a mailing list, but
the inconvenience of using one like this is a real barrier.
An anonymous pool;  Usenet-like -- distributed over many machines in
many countries, but with pseudonyms instead of "real names" and
public keys as addresses.  This is definitely doable, right now.
NNTP-type servers doing news and mail service.  As the scale got
larger, we'd of course not want to send everyone's mail to all
the servers, but tying a user down only as far as to a given server
would probably not be a problem -- look at all the different folks that
may use one NNTP server.  Perhaps mail for a given user could be sent
to several different servers to keep things muddy.
Mixmaster does not currently run on Linux, is that correct?  Anyone know what the problem is, or have an idea what amt of work would be involved in porting it?  I'd like to look at this.
Really, though, everything out there is pretty unsatisfactory --
only anonymous pools and DC-nets have the characteristics I'm
interested in.  Anyone on the list doing any serious work on DC-nets?  I find these extremely exciting, and don't see much
brainstoming on implementation going on.

@_date: 1995-01-21 09:39:55
@_author: Craig A. Johnston 
@_subject: jpunix.com and MX'ing 
Oops, I actually meant to direct it to the list myself, but forgot
to edit my headers.  Sure.
Assume root.
I know that you can set the 'masquerade as' thing in sendmail, but
of course any other SMTP agents you deal with are going to
correctly identify you when you 'HELO' and you're going to wind
up in the header, somewhere... (well, except smail 3.1, and probably
others.)  -- I'm assuming here the best one will be able to do will
be equivalent to a forgery via port 25.
