
@_date: 2012-10-26 18:29:47
@_author: John Case 
@_subject: [cryptography] Just how bad is OpenSSL ? 
I was recently reading "the most dangerous code in the world" article at  and found the hackernews discussion:
(interesting discussion and argument about curl library and how often it  is badly deployed)
And the hackernews discussion led me to "OpenSSL is written by monkeys":
So, given what is in the stanford report and then reading this rant about  openssl, I am wondering just how bad openssl is ?  I've never had to  implement it or code with it, so I really have no idea.
How long has it been "understood" that it's a mess (if it is indeed a  mess) ?  How dangerous is it ?
It looks like the rant was published in 2009 ....
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-09-30 15:24:45
@_author: John Case 
@_subject: [liberationtech] hardware options for a computer phone, 
I'm interested in finally responding in some ways to the vulnerabilities  and privacy implications of the mobile phone and its networks.  For my own  comms, that is.
In addition to the problems with privacy and tracking, I am also worried  about problems at lower layers - like rogue BTS abusing my radio to  exploit the phone.  We first saw real evidence of this at defcon 2-3 years  ago when there was a rogue BTS attempting android exploits (see coderman  posting to cypherpunks around that time).
I think there are two broad strategies to pursue here.  The first is the  obvious one - a totally open, free software firm, from layer 1 all the way  up.  The major problem with this strategy is that it is a long way off  from existing - osmocombb still barely has a working model of a phone that  can place an actual call, and this is ONLY on a very limited chipset that  is 2G only, and voice only.  It appears that osmocom is moving forward in  a lot of ways, but they are not graduating to other, or better chipsets  (ie., to 3G, and to fast data) - and even if they were, we're years and  years away.
But there's another strategy that has all of the components already in  existence, and that is to use a handheld computer that *happens* to  contain a GSM or CDMA *module* (or both) in addition to WIFI.  With this  setup, you can behave as a SIP device (using WIFI as much as possible) for  all calls - you never make a call, or perform any action using the phone  network directly.  All phone activity is tunneled through SIP/VOIP to your  own server at a fixed datacenter, where you have either a hosted SIM in a  pci card, or you have a POTS uplink.
This is very appealing because it means that most of the time (depending  on where you live) you are just using WIFI.  When you are forced to  failover to (for instance) GSM, you are using a very, very simple, modular  modem that you can easily control (ifconfig xx0 down) and that caontains  an anonymous, prepaid SIM.  You don't care about the number, or the ID, or  about any of the contraints of prepaid SIMs, since you just need network  matter where you are in the world.  Further, if you have colocation, you  control that fixed point.  Finally, while you don't have total layer 1  control over the GSM modem, you do have *some* control over it - you can  ifconfig it down, you can disable it, you can *physically remove* it, and  presumably you can interact with it in much more profound ways, since its  a modular modem inside of a unix system you control (your handset).
So the question ... what is the handset ?
If a handheld linux computer (archos ?  old compaq ipaq ?) wasn't designed  as a mobile phone, it won't have speaker at the ear and mic at the mouth  as you would expect, so that's difficult.  OTOH, if you use a handheld  computer that was designed as a phone, you have a problem with the tight  integration of the mobile modem with the device, and you lose some control  over the modem and its attack vectors (although if you are running a  completely open OS, perhaps not ?)
I am looking at some of the later HP Ipaq models, like the HP Ipaq 910c,  which has GSM built in (it's a phone) ... honestly, I'm at a loss - I know  all about modern phones like nexus, etc., which will not fit here, and I  know all about modern android-based handheld devices like nook and kindle  fire and so on ... but who makes a handheld, phone sized (not tablet  sized) linux capable computer that I can easily insert one or more mobile  modems into ?
Since all we need is a linux computer, perhaps other devices, like a mp3  player (as long as it has a SD card for a modem) would work ?
Comments / advice appreciated ...
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
