
@_date: 2001-03-03 18:38:19
@_author: CashBert 
@_subject: www.freesfibusiness.cjb.net 
*** Affiliate Program Review ***
SIX FIGURE INCOME (SFI) You've already heard of SFI but you're not interested, right?
So every time you see an ad for SFI you hit the DELETE key.
But do you really have any idea how SFI's powerline marketing system works?
Believe me, if you did, you'd be out on the net referring as many affiliates as you possibly could.
The system is absolutely ingenious !
We all know that ninety-nine percent of all marketing companies don't provide a duplicatable system their reps can use to build a business and as a result, most people fail.
That's why SFI developed a simple, automated system that anyone can plug into and be successful.
They provide web-based training that teaches you how to build a profitable business completely on the Internet from the comfort of your own home or office.
You actually learn how to get hundreds of people to visit your SFI Website using free and low-cost Internet marketing strategies and And when you join you're automatically included in a free, internet driven advertising co-op. More than 1,000,000 SFI Affiliates from over 170 countries worldwide have already been provided free sales leads from their free co-op system.
Because of the training and sales leads I've received from SFI I've been able to develop a business that's grown to include over 1,400 affiliates. I've never earned more than $200 or sponsored more than 8 or 10 people with any other marketing company, but because of SFI's training I've been able to personally refer 160 new affiliates and so far I have earned $1,600 !
The amazing thing is I've done this all right from my own home computer working in my free time and anyone can do the same DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY? * You can join for FREE and get started without any up-front costs.
* You can build the business 100% on-line from the comfort of your own home or office.
* You don't have to sign up your friends or family. * You can refer affiliates from anywhere in the world ! * You can earn income globally, 24 hours a day, both front end cash AND ongoing, monthly renewal income.
* The international advertising co-op generates FREE leads for you 24 hours a day.
* There are no "opportunity" meetings and no conference calls.
* You don't have to mail out audio or video tapes. * You don't have to order vitamins or soap products every month.
* In fact you don't even have to place a monthly order. Our product is delivered over the internet with NO shipping fees !
Join SFI as an affiliate for free. Test drive the system.
If you take the business seriously, and you're consistent in your marketing efforts, your persistence will definitely pay off.
 Our research indicates this information may be of interest to you. If you have received this email by mistake or wish to be removed please reply with your email address first and Remove in the subject line. Thank you.
This entire message is sent in compliance of the new e-mail bill: SECTION 301. Per Section 301, Paragraph (a) (2) (C) of S. 1618
