
@_date: 2001-01-15 14:55:45
@_author: Michael Brittingham 
@_subject: #1 Offshore Online Casino SportsBook Partnership (LLP) Forming now! 
3:00 PM 1/15/01
Hello there,
Listen, I'm putting together a top-notch, offshore syndicate/partnership to develop, own & operate The World's Best Internet Casino & Sportsbooks.  I'm
writing only to the people I want to be in on this.
I'm aware of your particular experience & expertise,
and I'd like you to be part of our team.
Everyone's getting together informally in Tbilisi, The
Republic of Georgia on February 8th through to the 14th, 2001, (The Investor/Partners, hardware
management, ISP Host/Owner, software & encryption
developers, the legal, accounting & marketing team,
and the banking partner). We'll be making the final
choices right then and there, determining who's in or
out. The checks will be written, papers drawn-up, and
the project launched.  I'll be serving as the Managing
Director/Pit Boss, and operating offshore. I'll be
Please log onto  Check out the Internet Gaming Industry articles and our Offering Documents. Bear in mind that because of
the private nature of our business, and the public
nature of our Offer Information website, many things
that will be revealed & discussed in person during our
meetings, are not discussed on the site. So yes,
there's a little bit of "entrepeneurial paranoia"
about just how we're going to build a vertically
integrated online gaming conglomerate, but I'll be
upfront and frank about everything during our
If you'd like to participate, but your schedule doesn't permit you to attend, please contact me or our
Investor Relations Director to introduce your representative that will attend on your behalf. All of
your questions concerning the Partnership Offer or
your arrangements  can be answered as well (i.e.
hotel, air travel, itinerary, etc.); (USA) e-voice/fax  1-425-920-5316 or 1-520-833-3054 Email: mailto:casinopartners at bigfoot.com  Email: mailto:casinotpartners at yahoo.com
Michael Brittingham
Offshore Gaming Management, LLC. (OGM)
Corporate America Group, LLC. (CAG)
Check out this site!
 This is not SPAM. This message was sent to you by an individual(Michael Brittingham) that wanted to recommend the above mentioned website to you, and is a
one-time mailing.
Log onto To review our Fractional Casino Sports Book
Partnership/Ownership Offer Online!
USA E-Voice/Fax: 1-520-833-3054 & 1-425-920-5316
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
