
@_date: 1997-08-01 23:48:46
@_author: Chris Avery 
@_subject: One effort for Internet Privacy 
On a lark, I dashed off a "letter to the editor" of the San Francisco Chronicle, quoted below, lo and behold it got published today.  You will see I simplified and softened the message somewhat -- a little spin for the good guys never hurt:  (published as lead letter, nice headline)
"HOW FAR SHALL WE LET THE EAVESDROPPERS GO?"
Editor -- Washington wants the right to "wire-tap" private communications on the Internet, and the issue is now being debated in Congress. I'm not raising the "content" issue, which can be handled by screening software or by ratings; this is instead the issue of privacy in person-to-person communications.
The rationale for the bills before Congress is law enforcement, giving officials new methods to detect criminal activity.  All well and good, but is it really wise to grant the bureaucracy access into this vital channel of personal communications before we fully understand its potentials?  How far shall we let the eavesdroppers go?  Beware, these aren't casual issues --- your rights are in danger.
CHRIS AVERY

@_date: 1997-07-29 07:03:35
@_author: Chris Avery 
@_subject: Queries from a Cyper-newbie? 
Anybody willing to offer a bit of help to a cypher-newbie?  I'm trying to sort out a few of the basics:
(and if not answers, just a few pointers on where to go for info? ) Thnks.
1. PGP 5.0 -- good software? If not, what problems?  Why to use DSS vs/ RSA keys?  How is 5.0 different than 2.6.3i ?  Which is better?
2. Are emails encrypted using PGP 5.0 decypherable by PGP 2.6.3i (and vice versa?)  Using RSA keys? 3. I understand certain encryption s/w cannot be legally exported, I am aware that such s/w is nevertheless being used (and built) abroad.  My queries:  Is purely domestic use being threatened by the pending legislation?  Is it already illegal to send an encrypted msg out of the US? If so, is it illegal to receive an encrypted msg from outside the US?
4. How strong is strong?  My MS Explorer has the 128 bit encryption scheme to secure domestic financial transactions (such as credit cards). How "un-encryptable" is this? I read some recent postings here re difficulty of breaking 128 bit keys -- but this had reference to stronger methods of encryption than MS Explorer uses, right? So 128 bits is hard to break (umptyump years, terrawatts, etc.)? Then why does my PGP 5.0 software offer keys that are 768, 1024, etc. up to 4096 bits in length? Are these numbers on the same scale? Any "strength" differences between RSA, DSS, and Diffie-Hellman? IS there some layman-understandable difference between these? 5. Is international data traffic somehow monitored (or monitorable) to detect encrypted traffic?
Thanks for any help.

@_date: 1997-07-29 09:43:26
@_author: Chris Avery 
@_subject: Queries from a Cyper-newbie? 
1. Thanks for the comments. I indeed meant "crackable" when I said "unencryptable", as you surmised. I'll learn.
2. I don't precisely know what it means to "change hashes" on RSA keys, though I get the drift. Where can I go for details?
3. I'll do the  thing, thanks for the pointer. This may be a critical last stand on the privacy of communications issue. What gets me is the blind arrogance with which govt "servants" assume that their (even if legitimate) pursuit of crime somehow excuses or justifies diminishing privacy rights for everyone else. There must be some kind of ratio: 1,000,000 rights diminished for  1 criminal activity detected?  Doesn't make sense. Sent: 	Monday, July 28, 1997 5:35 PM
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
trying to sort out a few of the basics:
Well as long as you ask like that instead of what most newbies do, such as try and subscribe by sending "Add me to the mailing list" to the list.
It's better integrated for Mac Lusers and Windows 95ers.  It is, however, flawed in some respects.
different than 2.6.3i ?  Which is better?
2.6.3i cannot use CAST, or (who would want to , it's DES!) Triple-
DES.  It does however, can use other hashes with RSA, thanks to someone's discovery on PGP-USERS.  2.6.3i is dos native, and complex.  A shell integrates nicely, but it's still not the same.
(and vice versa?)  Using RSA keys? ONLY using RSA keys.  DSS/Diffie-Hellman support is being added to old PGP's.  RSAREF is used in PGP 5.0 .  MPILIB, Phil Zimmermann's original PGP RSA algorithm implementation is used in international versions.  It's becuase of RSA's patent stuff.
am aware that such s/w is nevertheless being used (and built) abroad.  My queries:  Is purely domestic use being threatened by the pending legislation?  Is it already illegal to send an encrypted msg out of the US? If so, is it illegal to receive an encrypted msg from outside the US?
Unless it is the "shitty 40 bit" type.  It can be built abroad, for example, IDEA was made in switzerland, or something like that..., PGP 2.6.3i was made legally, I think.  Domestic use is being threatened by Nazi Motherfuckers like Billy-Bob Clinton [spit], The FBI, and the NSA.  Oppose them.  Go to  and do some of the stuff there.  Sending and recieving mail from the outside of the US *is scheme to secure domestic financial transactions (such as credit cards). How "un-encryptable" is this? I read some recent postings here re difficulty of breaking 128 bit keys -- but this had reference to stronger methods of encryption than MS Explorer uses, right? So 128 bits is hard to break (umptyump years, terrawatts, etc.)? Then why does my PGP 5.0 software offer keys that are 768, 1024, etc. up to 4096 bits in length? Are these numbers on the same scale? Unencryptable?  What the fuck are you talking about?  If you mean crackable, let's just say it'd take several time the age of the Universe to crack it.  The RSA keys are weaker than symmetric cyphers, unless we're talking about DSS/Diffie-Hellman keys with 4096bits.  They are not on the same scale.
there some layman-understandable difference between these? Well, RSA's are patented and RSA is really anal with their patents.  DSS/Diffie-Hellman keys are unpatented.  You can change hashes on RSA keys (RIPEM160, MD5 [was broken already], and SHA-1).  But to use those RSA's with older PGP's, use only MD5.
to detect encrypted traffic?
It can be detected that you're using encryption.  Breaking PGP is another thing.
If any other cypherpunks want to correct me here, do so.
