
@_date: 1993-12-08 10:50:45
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: NYT article on Mosaic today. 
Theres a great New york times article on Mosaic today.
First page of the business section. They state that its the next 'killer app' for education.(which I agree,it is.)

@_date: 1993-12-09 12:36:02
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: dialup Mosaic!!!!?? 
Is there anything to prevent a dialup Mosaic for,say,Macs from being written?
It would be _very_ popular...

@_date: 1993-01-11 12:03:17
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: Atari PGP -is it available.. 
Does anyone know if there is a current version of PGP
available for the Atari ST. Thanks!

@_date: 1993-07-07 22:33:34
@_author: ccat 
@_subject: Release: July 5, 1993 
Content: First Announcement/On-Line Congressional Hearing
     On July 26 at 9:30AM EDT, the Subcommittee on Telecommunications
and Finance of the U.S. House of Representatives will hold the first
Congressional Hearing ever held over a computer network.  The oversight
hearing on "The Role of Government in Cyberspace" will take place in
the Grand Ballroom of the National Press Club at 14th and F Streets,
N.W., Washington, D.C.  The hearing is open to the public. An open
house will be held from 3-5PM on the same day in the same location and
is also open to the public.
     Chairman Markey has asked that this historic occasion demonstrate
the potential and diversity of the global Internet.  Thirty Sparcstations
will be in the hearing room, allowing members of Congress, staff, and
their guests to read e-mail, use Gopher menus, read testimony in WAIS
databases, browse the World Wide Web, and otherwise use the resources
of the global Internet as part of the hearing.
     Some witnesses for the hearing will testify remotely, sending audio
and video over the Internet.  Audio and video of the hearing will also
be multicast over the Multicast Backbone (MBONE).  We are hoping that
C-SPAN and other traditional media will also carry the event.  *MORE
DETAILS ON MBONE AND OTHER WAYS TO WATCH THE HEARINGS REMOTELY WILL BE
FORTHCOMING SHORTLY.*
     One of the primary points that we are hoping to demonstrate is
the diversity and size of the Internet.  We have therefore established
an electronic mail address by which people on the Internet can communicate
with the Subcommittee before and during the hearing:
          congress at town.hall.org
     We encourage you to send your comments on what the role of government
should be in the information age to this address.  Your comments to this
address will be made part of the public record of the hearing.  Feel free
to carry on a dialogue with others on a mailing list, cc'ing the e-mail
     Your cards and letters to congress at town.hall.org will help
demonstrate that there are people who use the Internet as part of their
personal and professional lives.  We encourage you to send comments on
the role of government in cyberspace, on what role cyberspace should play
in government (e.g., whether government data be made available on the
Internet), on how the Internet should be built and financed, on how you
use the Internet, and on any other topic you feel is appropriate.  This
is your chance to show the U.S. Congress that there is a constituency
that cares about this global infrastructure.
     If you would like to communicate with a human being about the
hearing, you may send your comments and questions to:
          hearing-info at town.hall.org
     Support for the Internet Town Hall is provided by Sun Microsystems
and O'Reilly & Associates.  Additional support for the July 26 on-line
congressional hearing is being provided by ARPA, BBN Communications,
the National Press Club, Xerox PARC, and many other organizations.
     Network connectivity for the Internet Town Hall is provided by
UUNET Technologies.

@_date: 1993-07-17 23:39:53
@_author: ccat 
@_subject: Show Sunday on Clipper in Bay Area 
I just saw a teaser for a Channel 4 treatment of the Whitehouse going
onto the Internet and
Clipper. Didn't see the name of the show,but caught the times,5 and 10 pm.
Channel 4.

@_date: 1993-09-08 08:11:58
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: The origin of spread spectrum (a true story) 
I have an interesting perspective on spread spectrum encryption,
because one of the inventors of this interesting technology was my father.
My father,George Antheil,was an avant garde composer living in Hollywood
in the late 30's and early 40's. One of his best friends was Hedy Lamarr,
the movie actress.One of the facts about Ms. Lamarr that many people were
unaware of,was that she was also very intelligent.(She had also just been
married and divorced from a Czeck arms magnate,and had spent much time
listening to her ex-husbands and friends 'shop talk'.) Anyway, she and
my father were very concerned about the Nazi's rise to power,and their
U-boat harassment of international shipping.My father, a composer who was
fascinated by machines (his composition,"Ballet Mechanique" was one of the
very first uses of machines in music.) was working on a composition for
player pianos at the time...This led them to the idea of using two rolls of
punched tape to synchronize a receiver and transmitter in a radio controlled
torpedo.Using this technology (frequency hopping) their torpedo would be
able to be remotely controlled,with virtually no risk of enemy jamming
or detection.And there you have it.I have the patent drawings..which
were done by both of them.. Theyre simply marvelous..
Several years ago, a guy who was writing a book on the history of encryption
called my half-brother to ask him about this story..Correct me if I'm
wrong,but I think this was the absolutely first use of spread spectrum
encryption... The patent was issued in 1940, and expired in 1957. In 1960
Sylvania, (I think) started manufacturing a radio controlled torpedo ...
Hedy Lamarr is still alive and living in Florida, my father died in
early 1959. Neither of them ever saw a penny from their pioneering patent.
Chris Beaumont
(Nutrient Cafe wholesale)
Chris Beaumont
ccat at netcom.com
ccat at casa.stanford.edu           public key available via finger

@_date: 1993-09-12 09:14:18
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: encryption key switching,would it work? 
I'm wondering if there is any particular reason why an encrypted message
might not be encrypted with several different keys,within the same message,
divided by time.Perhaps synchronized clocks or time stamping might be used
to toggle the encryption parameters.This technology might be able to defeat
the brute force decryption technologies described in the paper mentioned
The only way that one might decrypt the message is to know the _exact_ time
at wich the algorhythm was switched.In other words, what to prevent people
from using _numerous_ keys during _one_ session,with the _times_ of
switching remaining secret?
Combined with a robust "one time pad" method,like triple DES,this
technology might be particularly resistant to casual decryption attempts
based on knowledge of the algorhythm? I know little about different
encryption methods.. is there
any reason this wouldnt work,besides the necessary complexity of the
information contained in the key?
Chris Beaumont                    nutrient cafe wholesale
ccat at netcom.com                  MIME mail graciously accepted
ccat at casa.stanford.edu           public key available via finger

@_date: 1994-02-21 16:36:11
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: Banning of scientific information (re:FDA,etc.) 
I don't know if they are still doing it,but last year
there was a discussion on sci.med about the FDA's pressure
on certain medical journal publishers not to publish certain
peer-reviewed medical studies here in the US.
And,as far as I can see,their policy of supressing information is effectively suppressing an effective nutritional therapy that helps people quit crack..(L-Tyrosine)
Why?,Who knows.
But it's telling that they always seem to support the large corporate
approach to global pharmaceutical marketing.. Shades of the Opium Wars.
Remember,its ten years after 1984.

@_date: 1994-01-25 07:56:53
@_author: Chris Beaumont 
@_subject: Crypto-dongle redux 
I think the idea of a standard user configurable crypto-engine
is a good one..that way people could choose (and upgrade) algorythms..
sort of like modern DSP based highspeed modems..(It could also have a socket
for ROM based firmware cartridges..(RSA,IDEA,etc..) and a magstripe reader and keyboard for key entry..(This would make trading keys easy..)
I think this discussion was had before,about a year ago.. Would anyone care to elaborate on it?
