
@_date: 1993-04-29 00:15:39
@_author: Paco Xander Nathan 
@_subject: Raving on... 
"Sent from the cyberdeck of: Geoff White"
Our company, FringeWare, has been out doing brain machine demos at
raves for a while..  I'm still trying to catch up on sleep from last
weekend's rave construction & show :-)
The raves started as socio/politial but in many places have become Even so, sentiments are in the right place, guaranteed.  Especially
among the *RAVE PROMOTERS* ..  The promoters are already sensitive to
issues in common with cypherpunks since they tend to be underground
operations in the cash economy, etc.  Plus, they're HEAVILY networked.
As a techno/gonzo journalist, I've found it EASIER to get in with hacker
cliques than with rave promoter cliques; granted the real stakes are higher so they take security more seriously :-)
Also, I'm intrigued to see the overlap (at least in this area) between
ravers and people at EFF-Austin mtgs..  Some of the main u/g promoters
even showed up to EFF-A's CopCon a couple weeks back, so the overlap
in our agendas is valid.
I'd tend to go with the argument that actually signing keys or passing
out pamphlets during a rave would be weird and blow the mood.  Maybe you'd
say "So what?" but to an entertainment promoter, mood means everything and only a few cypherphuckups would spread a terrible image for us.  I'm
generally the most hi-tech part of these raves, what with the sound/light
brain gizmos and even that's too left-brained some ravers..  Most want to
experience, not engage in discourse.  With pheromones and alkaloids
being some of the dominant attractions for people attending, I could
agree more :-)
Which is why I'd suggest we tag along with the VRrave project, based on
IRC connex between concurrent raves.  That'd present a hi-tech set & setting and allow for some demo/experience of secure comm.  Do what you can to introduce/instruct the local promoters -- but generally they're busy people with better things to worry about, like
liability and overhead not somebody else's political agenda.
pacoid at wixer.bga.com
