
@_date: 2012-11-02 01:14:24
@_author: Changaco 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Bitcoin incentive on Kademlia networks 
I disagree with that statement. Yes, some people don't understand the
rules or don't want to play by them, but overall it still works quite
Money based on whatb/? You can't ID people, you can't even ID machines.
The Internet is not anonymous, but it's not authenticated either.
That's why Bitcoin is based on CPU work, something you can't fake. You
can "steal" it though, I believe I heard something about botnets used
for Bitcoin mining.
Bitcoin is a good P2P experiment, but it will be abandoned like gold
was, because it's neither efficient nor fair.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2012-11-05 22:38:38
@_author: Changaco 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Bitcoin incentive on Kademlia networks 
How money works is a political matter. If one can get a bigger
share of monetary creation than other people, one gets power.
It's also an "economic" matter, because badly designed systems cause
People eventually figure out when a system isn't fair, and it falls,
because money is nothing without a community to use it. So yes, being
fair is an important quality for the long term.
Sure, anybody who doesn't agree with you has to be influenced by the
evil central bankers, rightb/?
As the name suggests, temporal symmetry is about the long term. Of
course asymmetry gives a short term boost, the first users are getting
money almost for free and can use it later to gain wealth.
In addition, Bitcoin benefits from the fact that making a symmetrical
currency is much harder and therefore hasn't been done yet. Spatial
symmetry requires a Web of Trust while anyone can start using Bitcoin
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2012-11-05 22:38:48
@_author: Changaco 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Bitcoin incentive on Kademlia networks 
No, and I asked the author, he doesn't either.
Basically it just says that the only monetary system that respects
everyone's freedom is the one that creates money on a regular basis at
a fixed rate (temporal symmetry), and distributes it in equal shares to
users (spatial symmetry). It also gives a way to calculate an "optimal"
rate from the average life expectancy of people using the money.
Important relatively to which goal ? If the goal is freedom and
equality, then it's important.
What costs ?
Can't really do more predictable than a fixed rate.
English isn't my native tongue so I just looked up a translation and
found "hoarding". I meant money that's neither spent on goods/services
nor invested, money that doesn't change hands, which is bad if your
axiom is that money is primarily a means of exchange.
I have a few remarks.
Firstly, inflation doesn't trick people into spending any more than
deflation tricks them into saving. Note that I include "investing" in
Secondly, I wouldn't use the term "growth" because it implies
"something more", like "manufacturing more goods", or "increasing the
quantity of services". Those aren't goals for me.
Lastly, I don't see the link between "savings" and "safety/robustness".
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
