
@_date: 1998-07-08 08:26:32
@_author: Charlie_Kaufman at iris.com 
@_subject: Lotus Notes signature / encryption 
I guess my first question would be "compared to what?".
Compared to the Lotus Notes domestic version, the crypto is weaker
in two ways. First, there is a backdoor by which all but 40 bits of
each symmetric key is encrypted under a public key whose private half
is known to the U.S. government. This encrypted value is included in
all messages where the key is passed aroung. Depending on how you feel
about breaking 40 bit keys, this means it is somewhere between easy and
trivial for the U.S. government to eavesdrop on your communications
It also uses 512 bit RSA keys for distribution of encryption keys,
which makes it attackable by attackers other than the U.S. government.
While no one has ever publicly demonstrated breaking a 512 bit RSA key
(last I heard), the workfactor is well understood and it's clearly
feasible (and in fact overdue).
Compared to exportable versions of S/MIME or SSL, the crypto is
considerably stronger. Against attackers other than the U.S. government
(and even a paranoid would admit there are other attackers to be
concerned about (e.g. the French government)), the workfactor to
attack the symmetric keys is 64 bits - a little shakey but not the
weakest link in most systems. Further, RSA signature keys are 630 bits,
which is better than most exportable systems.
Compared to non-exportable (but internationally available) systems, like
PGP and strong S/MIME and SSL, the crypto is substantially weaker.
Another aspect to consider is the strength of the PKI. Lotus Notes uses
an organizationally based PKI, meaning that to a large degree your
security depends on the trustworthiness and competence of your system
administrator. With PGP, your security is under your own control to a
much larger degree. For people who are more security aware than their
administrators (as most PGP users are), the PGP PKI offers better security.
For people who are less security aware than their administrators (as
most Lotus Notes users are), the Lotus Notes PKI offers better security.
Finally, a "drawback" that might be relevant to this group is the fact
that because the Lotus Notes export version has a key-escrow-like
backdoor, using it offers tacit political endorsement for the
U.S. government's contention that key escrow is a technically practical
compromise between the needs of users for privacy and the "needs" of
government to know all the secrets of everyone on the planet. In my
mind, this argues strongly in favor of using real strong crypto if
that is an option, but using weak crypto as an alternative is offering
tacit political endorsement for the even more dangerous contention that
weak crypto is good enough. Your mileage may vary.
     --Charlie Kaufman
     (charlie_kaufman at iris.com)

@_date: 1998-07-15 11:14:46
@_author: Charlie_Kaufman at iris.com 
@_subject: GAK 4 -- For whom the Doorbell tolls 
GAK4 is technically inaccurate but very good metaphor by which to consider
this proposal. I believe this is a minor skirmish in the war between civil
libertarians and Big Brother with industry playing the role of arms
merchant. It is not Government Access to Keys, it is Government Access to
Encrypted Data, which for everyones purposes is the same thing.
In answer to the question: "Should Cisco and friends be allowed to export
this technology?", of course they should. People should be allowed to
export whatever they want. Even if you're Big Brother, this proposal
enables all the same capabilities as GAK, so there is no reason to oppose
In answer to the question: "Is this a 'compromise' that addresses the
issues of civil libertarians?", not a bit. The devil is in the details, of
course, in issues of whether the government can ask the encryption points
for copies of the data in real time, in an unaudited fashion, and/or with
what kind of "trusted third party" intermediaries. But these questions are
exactly akin to the details to be worked out with GAK and self-escrow.
In answer to the question: "Is there anything at all different between this
proposal and GAK?", the answer is some, and the differences might be
relevant to some. This proposal is a little better than GAK for law
enforcement because it would be easier to use and they tend to be
technically unsophisticated. It is a little worse than GAK for the NSA
because the extra data flows mean that it is harder to conduct surveillance
in a totally undetectable way. It favors some vendors over others because
it favors those who want to encrypt at firewalls over those who want to
encrypt end-to-end. It might slow overall progress in network security
because end-to-end encryption is technically superior (though harder to
deploy) and universal firewall to firewall encryption might reduce the
demand for it.
In answer to the question: "Would approval of this proposal be a good or a
bad thing?", the answer is ambiguous for the civil libertarian side. Any
time a new thing is allowed to be exported, it increases the flexibility of
vendors in crafting solutions and is likely to increase overall security.
On the other hand, anything which makes continuation of export controls
less in-your-face-painful will decrease pressure to repeal them and
therefore may in the long run decrease overall security. And anything which
makes it easier to make systems secure against all attackers other than Big
Brother brings closer the disasterous day when non-GAK crypto can be
If you're Big Brother, approval seems to be uniformly a good thing. It
garners political points among the unsophisticated as being willing to make
"technical compromises". It costs nothing in terms of access. And it may
bring closer the glorious day when non-GAK crypto can be outlawed.
     --Charlie Kaufman

@_date: 1998-07-17 12:39:12
@_author: Charlie_Kaufman at iris.com 
@_subject: GAK 4 -- For whom the Doorbell tolls 
I believe there is nothing really good, really evil, or even really novel
about the Cisco et al proposal. That makes it hard for a technical
community like this one to evaluate it.
The controversy should not be around the technology, but around the
spin-doctoring. It is both wrong and dangerous to portray this as a step
forward in resolving the crypto export debate. It is comparable to the
Lotus Notes 64/40 encryption scheme or the Microsoft/Netscape and later
Lotus scheme for making strong cryptography available between exportable
browsers and international banks. These may be significant to some
customers and to some vendors, but they are not steps toward resolving the
controversy. They are more likely to extend the controversy, since they
decrease the urgency of the debate for some of the players.
There is no reason to believe this controversy will be settled anytime
soon. The battle continues with no plausible resolution because both sides
believe they will win if they hold out long enough. Civil Libertarians
believe that the public will not stand for the sorts of draconian controls
that will be necessary to enable universal snooping and that the courts
will rule such controls unconstitutional. The argument against this view is
that the American people are sheep and the Constitution says what the
Supreme Court says it does and have you looked at the makeup of the Supreme
Court lately? Big Brother thinks he will win because he has the pictures.
And because he always does.
So think of these confusing technological tweaks as sending food aid to the
starving peasants in the war zone. It might extend the war by masking some
of its most painful effects, and hence might in the long run be a bad
thing. But the effect is ambiguous at worst, and it's difficult to argue
with the humanitarian groups that want to do it.
I was involved with choosing the wording of the Lotus press release around
64/40. It was a constant effort to restrain the enthusiasm of the
marketeers who wanted to talk about how wonderful it was. I think we
overall did a good job of making it clear that this was not a great thing,
and that we hoped it would not be a long term thing. It was a small
improvement for a limited set of customers while we continued the war.
If you read Cisco's publications, they have been fairly restrained in their
enthusiasm. But some of their partners and some of the press coverage has
gotten completely out of hand. The most offensive testimonial is from
"This solution represents a real step forward for U.S. encryption policy,"
said Eric Schmidt, CEO of Novell. "At last, we have a market solution that
meets the needs of consumers, corporations, law enforcement and national
This seems like a case where we need to shoot the messenger.
     --Charlie Kaufman

@_date: 1998-07-17 12:39:47
@_author: Charlie_Kaufman at iris.com 
@_subject: EFF Announces GAK 5 
Given that the EFF has demonstrated hardware capable of breaking DES in a
short period of time, they should now form an industry alliance asking for
general export permission for DES. If law enforcement ever needs to access
any encrypted data, they can bring it to EFF, along with a court order, and
EFF will "recover" the key. This should be allowed under the existing Key
Recovery exception, which says things are exportable if you provide the
government with a mechanism for getting at the keys!
Of course, some will claim that EFF is selling out to Big Brother by
manufacturing this technology, and that granting export permission for DES
will only prolong the pain of export controls. Others will claim that it is
wonderful that we have finally developed a technology that solves once and
for all the crypto debate. Flames will ensue.
[Note: In case it is not obvious to everyone, this note is a lame attempt
at sarcasm. Please don't hang me.]
     --Charlie Kaufman

@_date: 1998-10-29 07:02:21
@_author: Charlie_Kaufman at iris.com 
@_subject: lotus notes id file 
I assume you mean the ID file has a password, but that you have forgotten
it. Notes uses your password as an encryption key and encrypts the ID file.
There is no utility existing or possible that can reconstruct the ID file
without knowing the password. There is a company called AccessData
Corporation in Lindon, Utah that claims to have written a utility that will
do a brute force search guessing large numbers of passwords and trying to
verify each guess. If you have a vague recollection that you didn't pick
your password very carefully, they might be able to help you. I have no
experience with the company and have no idea what they charge, whether they
actually provide this service, or indeed whether they still exist.
Otherwise, your system administrator can create a new ID file for you. That
will work fine except that if you have any data encrypted under your key
(e.g. you received any encrypted email), that data is forever lost. Notes
System Administrators at sites where people use encryption are strongly
encouraged to have a backup strategy for archiving ID files for just this
eventuality. You might ask whether he did so, and encourage him to do so in
the future if not.
[Note: the tradeoff between protecting the privacy of employees from nosy
system administrators and bailing them out when they forget their passwords
is a sensitive one. People have strong opposing views on what's "right".]
Good luck.
     --Charlie Kaufman
