
@_date: 2015-11-03 03:51:36
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: Facebook censorship 
References:  <56380CC2.2070506
I, personally, think it was artful how the russian-insider.com/en so
skillfully spun this article as pseudo-American censorship of
Ukranian-Russian speech to the numb-minded skim/headline reader. When
in reality, as the article plainly lays out, and to echo Komachi's
sentiments, FB doesn't personally block anyone's page (or nearly
anyone/anything). FB relies on their users to self-moderate the content
that they profit off of. Also pointed out in the article, the
ban-stick ninjas were "Ukrainian trolls" (one man's troll is another
man's propagandist, uh, I mean publicist) hailing from, obviously, a
different political background. What we see here is the first signs of singularity. Before long, these
propaganda articles will be algorithmically written, automatically
published, and will start to interact with each in ways we could never
have predicted resulting in outcomes outside of the scope of our
imaginations. Back in reality-land though, I don't FB often... but when I do, I
Freedom Fighter, aka another man's terrorist
On Tue, 03 Nov 2015 01:24:18 +0000

@_date: 2015-11-03 06:07:50
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: slow strangulation of the state, instead of violent phase 
References: Reminds me of this thing my parents used to fuss about called "church". It's hard to believe that people used to kill and be killed over their
belief systems. Beliefs they professed to be truths. Truths because of
faith. All so they could provide answers to questions before they were
comfortable with questions in search of meaning. All so they could
produce a one or a zero, black or white, right or wrong, good or evil.
All this smoke and mirrors so they could ignore how incredibly vast
everything was and still is.
There are no absolutes. Humans mostly stopped wide-scale killing because god had their back. Now
they mainly only kill at that rate because their president has their
back or their {insert leader/father-figure with the answers} gives them
the courage. Large-scale killing is on the decline, and it's no
coincidence humans have more access to information than ever before.
Ignorance is pretty dangerous stuff; I'd bet more dangerous than
smoking, heroin, and driving completely blitzed, put together. Times,
like, three.
Irrelevancy is the fate of those lacking innovation. Every great
empire, like every huge conglomerate, eventually plays Goliath to
little David. Except, as you quite nicely stated, David doesn't even
show up to the battle in the drama of our reality. Instead, David
transcends the paradigms of conflict Goliath expects, leaving a quiet
and empty battlefield to a confused "opponent". One by one, the crowd
leaves. People go home, people go work their crops, people learn new
things Goliath is soon forgotten and David himself become irrelevant. Quantum entanglement leads, eventually, to quantum computers and the
next generation of everything. Every piece of security software
re-audited, at the very least. All our encryption threatened if not
outright broken within months. Goliath tries desperately to read but cannot see the screen. Goliath
asks Hilda to help, and she wisely asks the smartest little guy to help
Goliath understand. David finished the "Plum3/7" QC and heard Hilda announce the search for
QC research. Some of David's students go to help, meanwhile, David
hacks away with the greatest minds throughout the world. Goliath makes a new weapon and a better fleshlight.
David and colleagues become one hive mind known as ( Goliath begins taxation attacks and regulation warfare. (@ transcends biology, mines the planet's most dense material all at
once by tapping into subtle electro-magnetic fields that flow through
all living things. (@ grows ever larger as more and more people shed
their human form to adopt their new form. Goliath and Hilda change their names to Go and Hi. They tax carbon,
though no one pays it, just like they don't pay the quantum tax.
Soon, Go and Hi go bye bye. (@ transforms the earth into a massive mind, comprised of the
computational power of the density of all matter, powered by every
human willing to contribute. Then, the earth itself becomes a massive
electromagnet through powers I can't understand. Everything collapses
into itself and the planet begins sucking up the surrounding light
year of space matter. Now a huge black hole with every conscious mind
working on thoughts that our human minds are incapable of conceiving, a
certain harmony is reached as earth begins to communicate with all of
the other ancient civilizations that reached such a level of being.
Black holes are no more holes in space than are donut holes for
breakfast. They are super massive insanely dense computational objects
containing the conscious minds of billions of people. Hope you enjoyed!
On Sun, 1 Nov 2015 12:11:37 -0800

@_date: 2015-11-06 12:43:25
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: Facebook censorship 
References:  <56380CC2.2070506
 <20151103035136.50a9ff16
 <20151103164028.GA2617
Singularity defined as the moment when the technology humans create
creates technology faster than humans can understand it. Robots
creating robots in ways we didn't dictate and couldn't predict. As I've used the idea, I don't see it as a necessarily negative "event"
or "period". It simply is, or would be I should say. Imagine we somehow travel very far in space and find an less evolved
species of sentient beings living on a planet rich with resources. What
do you think those sentient beings will think when we start digging up
precious metals and maybe even mining fossil fuels, if we are still
doing that in this theoretical future? Will they understand our
machines? Will they understand our.. anything? Will we be seen as a
danger or as a deity? Most importantly, will they understand our
motivations or simply view our motivations through the lenses of their
existence? Assuming all sentient life evolves along the same basic trajectory as
ours, they will probably seek some answers to these many questions
through experiences they can relate to. But their experiences will
never provide meaningful frames of reference. Now, think about strong AI and the thoughts it would have. Strong AI
will be motivated, very quickly by some people's predictions, by things
we will not understand, eventually. To think that this conceptual future will be controllably is false by
the very definition of singularity. Are we controlled by the cows we
eat? Is our existence dictated by dolphins? We will not be able to
control strong AI, at a point, anymore than we can control the sun and
the moon. Which is not to say we will be without control, you can
always wear sunglasses. I'm sure many many humans will wear sunglasses.
In regards to extraterrestrial beings as well as strong AI; the
singularity idea is more than just bots and our deaths. It's about
transcending biology. And that's exactly where the hacker ethos is most
important because it's humans with disabilities and hackers that will
being the transformation of man to machine. There are no absolutes; the
singularity is not a this or that event. It's a technological awakening
and it's precisely when we, as humans, will have the opportunity to not
only shed our biology, but discard our dated concepts of society. On Tue, 3 Nov 2015 18:40:28 +0200

@_date: 2015-11-06 12:48:00
@_author: Cubed 
@_subject: Facebook censorship 
References:  <56380CC2.2070506
 <20151103035136.50a9ff16
 <20151103071457.GT97416
Totally. Also, to see more evidence of these interactions, see the last
several flash crashes in the US stock markets. What's happening in
several of those situations is algos from competing brokerages
producing extreme unexpected results. Market crashes, pull the plug,
fix the algo or introduce some "rule". Rules being, IMO often
just a band-aid for not fixing the code and admitting it was technology
that ran away from them.
On Tue, 3 Nov 2015 08:14:57 +0100
