
@_date: 2007-10-13 17:19:12
@_author: Srini Ramakrishnan 
@_subject: [silk] A matter of humanity 
Fort Hunt's Quiet Men Break Silence on WWII
Interrogators Fought 'Battle of Wits'
By Petula Dvorak
Washington Post Staff Writer
Saturday, October 6, 2007; Page A01
For six decades, they held their silence.
The group of World War II veterans kept a military code and the
decorum of their generation, telling virtually no one of their
top-secret work interrogating Nazi prisoners of war at Fort Hunt.
When about two dozen veterans got together yesterday for the first
time since the 1940s, many of the proud men lamented the chasm between
the way they conducted interrogations during the war and the harsh
measures used today in questioning terrorism suspects.
Back then, they and their commanders wrestled with the morality of
bugging prisoners' cells with listening devices. They felt bad about
censoring letters. They took prisoners out for steak dinners to soften
them up. They played games with them.
"We got more information out of a German general with a game of chess
or Ping-Pong than they do today, with their torture," said Henry Kolm,
90, an MIT physicist who had been assigned to play chess in Germany
with Hitler's deputy, Rudolf Hess.
Blunt criticism of modern enemy interrogations was a common refrain at
the ceremonies held beside the Potomac River near Alexandria. Across
the river, President Bush defended his administration's methods of
detaining and questioning terrorism suspects during an Oval Office
Several of the veterans, all men in their 80s and 90s, denounced the
controversial techniques. And when the time came for them to accept
honors from the Army's Freedom Team Salute, one veteran refused,
citing his opposition to the war in Iraq and procedures that have been
used at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba.
"I feel like the military is using us to say, 'We did spooky stuff
then, so it's okay to do it now,' " said Arno Mayer, 81, a professor
of European history at Princeton University.
When Peter Weiss, 82, went up to receive his award, he commandeered
the microphone and gave his piece.
"I am deeply honored to be here, but I want to make it clear that my
presence here is not in support of the current war," said Weiss,
chairman of the Lawyers' Committee on Nuclear Policy and a human
rights and trademark lawyer in New York City.
The veterans of P.O. Box 1142, a top-secret installation in Fairfax
County that went only by its postal code name, were brought back to
Fort Hunt by park rangers who are piecing together a portrait of what
happened there during the war.
Nearly 4,000 prisoners of war, most of them German scientists and
submariners, were brought in for questioning for days, even weeks,
before their presence was reported to the Red Cross, a process that
did not comply with the Geneva Conventions. Many of the interrogators
were refugees from the Third Reich.
"We did it with a certain amount of respect and justice," said John
Gunther Dean, 81, who became a career Foreign Service officer and
ambassador to Denmark.
The interrogators had standards that remain a source of pride and honor.
"During the many interrogations, I never laid hands on anyone," said
George Frenkel, 87, of Kensington. "We extracted information in a
battle of the wits. I'm proud to say I never compromised my humanity."
Exactly what went on behind the barbed-wire fences of Fort Hunt has
been a mystery that has lured amateur historians and curious neighbors
for decades.
During the war, nearby residents watched buses with darkened windows
roar toward the fort day and night. They couldn't have imagined that
groundbreaking secrets in rocketry, microwave technology and submarine
tactics were being peeled apart right on the grounds that are now a
popular picnic area where moonbounces mushroom every weekend.
When Vincent Santucci arrived at the National Park Service's George
Washington Memorial Parkway office as chief ranger four years ago, he
asked his cultural resource specialist, Brandon Bies, to do some
research so they could post signs throughout the park, explaining its
history and giving it a bit more dignity.
That assignment changed dramatically when ranger Dana Dierkes was
leading a tour of the park one day and someone told her about a
rumored Fort Hunt veteran.
It was Fred Michel, who worked in engineering in Alexandria for 65
years, never telling his neighbors that he once faced off with
prisoners and pried wartime secrets from them.
Michel directed them to other vets, and they remembered others.
Bies went from being a ranger researching mountains of topics in
stacks of papers to flying across the country, camera and klieg lights
in tow, to document the fading memories of veterans.
He, Santucci and others have spent hours trying to sharpen the focus
of gauzy memories, coaxing complex details from men who swore on their
generation's honor to never speak of the work they did at P.O. Box
"The National Park Service is committed to telling your story, and now
it belongs to the nation," said David Vela, superintendent of the
George Washington Memorial Parkway.
There is a deadline. Each day, about 1,100 World War II veterans die,
said Jean Davis, spokeswoman for the U.S. Army's Freedom Team Salute
program, which recognizes veterans and the parents, spouses and
employers who provide support for active-duty soldiers.
By gathering at Fort Hunt yesterday, the quiet men could be saluted
for the work they did so long ago.

@_date: 2008-01-20 22:32:59
@_author: Srini Ramakrishnan 
@_subject: [silk] FBI buries docs showing US officials stole nuke secrets? 
I always thought it was the Chinese who sold the nuke to PK!
Also on BB, January 20, 2008
FBI denies file exposing nuclear secrets theft
The FBI has been accused of covering up a file detailing government
dealings with a network stealing nuclear secrets INSIGHT
THE FBI has been accused of covering up a key case file detailing
evidence against corrupt government officials and their dealings with
a network stealing nuclear secrets.
The assertion follows allegations made in The Sunday Times two weeks
ago by Sibel Edmonds, an FBI whistleblower, who worked on the agency's
investigation of the network.
Edmonds, a 37-year-old former Turkish language translator, listened
into hundreds of sensitive intercepted conversations while based at
the agency's Washington field office.
She says the FBI was investigating a Turkish and Israeli-run network
that paid high-ranking American officials to steal nuclear weapons
secrets. These were then sold on the international black market to
countries such as Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.
One of the documents relating to the case was marked 203A-WF-210023.
Last week, however, the FBI responded to a freedom of information
request for a file of exactly the same number by claiming that it did
not exist. But The Sunday Times has obtained a document signed by an
FBI official showing the existence of the file.
Edmonds believes the crucial file is being deliberately covered up by
the FBI because its contents are explosive. She accuses the agency of
an "outright lie".
"I can tell you that that file and the operations it refers to did
exist from 1996 to February 2002. The file refers to the
counterintelligence programme that the Department of Justice has
declared to be a state secret to protect sensitive diplomatic
relations," she said.
The freedom of information request had not been initiated by Edmonds.
It was made quite separately by an American human rights group called
the Liberty Coalition, acting on a tip-off it received from an
anonymous correspondent.
The letter says: "You may wish to request pertinent audio tapes and
documents under FOIA from the Department of Justice, FBI-HQ and the
FBI Washington field office."
It then makes a series of allegations about the contents of the file b
many of which corroborate the information that Edmonds later made
Edmonds had told this newspaper that members of the Turkish political
and diplomatic community in the US had been actively acquiring nuclear
secrets. They often acted as a conduit, she said, for Inter-Services
Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan's spy agency, because they attracted less
She claimed corrupt government officials helped the network, and
venues such as the American-Turkish Council (ATC) in Washington were
used as drop-off points.
The anonymous letter names a high-level government official who was
allegedly secretly recorded speaking to an official at the Turkish
embassy between August and December 2001.
It claims the government official warned a Turkish member of the
network that they should not deal with a company called Brewster
Jennings because it was a CIA front company investigating the nuclear
black market. The official's warning came two years before Brewster
Jennings was publicly outed when one of its staff, Valerie Plame, was
revealed to be a CIA agent in a case that became a cause cC)lC(bre in
the US.
The letter also makes reference to wiretaps of Turkish "targets"
talking to ISI intelligence agents at the Pakistani embassy in
Washington and recordings of "operatives" at the ATC.
Edmonds is the subject of a number of state secret gags preventing her
from talking further about the investigation she witnessed.
"I cannot discuss the details considering the gag orders," she said,
"but I reported all these activities to the US Congress, the inspector
general of the justice department and the 9/11 commission. I told them
all about what was contained in this case file number, which the FBI
is now denying exists.
"This gag was invoked not to protect sensitive diplomatic relations
but criminal activities involving US officials who were endangering US
national security."
Insight: Chris Gourlay, Jonathan Calvert and Joe Lauria

@_date: 2012-03-09 19:02:05
@_author: Srini RamaKrishnan 
@_subject: [silk] [liberationtech] Pakistan's Firewall: Need your help and 
India is intending to gett its national version of Echelon
 (links to)
Feb 28, 2012, 09.51AM IST
Govt to set up a national internet scanning agency
NEW DELHI/BARCELONA: The Government is setting up an internet scanning
agency which will monitor all web traffic passing through Internet
service providers in the country. The scanning agency to be called
'National Cyber Coordination Centre, will issue 'actionable alerts' to
government departments in cases of perceived security threats.
The move comes as the government has been unable to prevent many
terror attacks, in the absence of a credible internet scanning system.
According to the minutes of a meeting held on February 3, 2012, at the
National Security Council Secretariat under the Prime Minister's
Office, a National Cyber Coordination Centre will 'also scan cyber
traffic flowing at the point of entry and exit at India's
international internet gateways.'
The web scanning centre will provide 'actionable alerts for proactive
actions' to be taken by government departments.
All government departments will now talk to the Internet Service
Providers such as Bharti Airtel, Reliance Communication, BSNL, MTNL
and Tata Communications through NCCC for real time information and
data on threats.
According to sources, government is planning to invest about Rs 800
crore in the setup. "The coordination centre will be the first layer
of threat monitoring in the country. It would always be in virtual
contact with the control room of the Internet Service Providers," the
Deputy National Security Advisor Vijay Latha Reddy said, as per
minutes of the meeting.
The government is collating manpower requirements for the centre currently.
"At present, the monitoring of web traffic is done by Centre for
Development of Telematics ( C-DoT) which has installed its equipments
at the premises of ISPs and gateways," informs Rajesh Chharia,
President at association of Internet service providers.
All tweets, messages, emails, status updates and even email drafts
will now pass through the new scanning centre. The centre may probe
further into any email or social media account if it finds a perceived
India's National Security Council Secretariat (NCSC) has asked various
departments to assess their needs for officials, who will coordinate
with the scanning agency. The National Security Council handles the
political, nuclear, energy and strategic security concerns of the
As per the minutes seen by ET, Defence Research and Development
Organization (DRDO) officials were of the view that there is no
perfect system. "There is always an element of risk in using ICT.
Efforts should be focused on reducing cyber security vulnerabilities,"
DRDO said.
The meeting was attended by officials from DRDO, intelligence bureau,
Indian Army, Ministry of Home Affairs, Indian Navy, Department of IT,
National Technical Research Organization (NTRO), Telecom Department
and Computer Emergency Response Teams of various departments.
Internet scanning policy is followed in many countries. In US, the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) scans the internet for keywords
such as 'virus', 'bomb', or 'collapse.' The DHS sets up fake social
media and Twitter accounts to scan the internet. Iran uses web
surveillance to suppress dissidents.
