
@_date: 2007-07-11 02:32:40
@_author: Christian Kuhtz 
@_subject: Face recognition flop (via Dave Farber's IP) 
Apparently the BKA (German equivalent of the FBI) tested face recognition,
spent 200K euros to test the system in a rail terminal in the city of Mainz
and basically declared it worthless in terms of being an investigative tool.
Apparently (per the article) this is the first public trial under normal,
every day conditions (rather than having the conditions manipulated for a
good showing) and only matched 30%.  Even when the lighting was modified to
be ideal, it only reached 60%. The BKA considers the system only useful if
the success rate is very near 100%.
The sample size was approximately 23,000 travelers per day over a period of
roughly 3 months.  The targets were 200 commuters who had volunteered for
the trial and travel through this rail terminal at least once per day.
BKA recommended that this is not a suitable system for surveillance and
facial recognition to try to match suspects in a manhunt etc.
The article is in German; try your favorite mechanized translator.  If
there's enough demand, I happen to be bilingual and may be convinced into
doing a translation in my spare time. ;-)
Archives: RSS Feed:

@_date: 2007-07-11 02:32:40
@_author: Christian Kuhtz 
@_subject: face recognition flop 
for IP if you wish..
Apparently the BKA (German equivalent of the FBI) tested face  recognition, spent 200K euros to test the system in a rail terminal  in the city of Mainz and basically declared it worthless in terms of  being an investigative tool.  Apparently (per the article) this is  the first public trial under normal, every day conditions (rather  than having the conditions manipulated for a good showing) and only  matched 30%.  Even when the lighting was modified to be ideal, it  only reached 60%. The BKA considers the system only useful if the  success rate is very near 100%.
The sample size was approximately 23,000 travelers per day over a  period of roughly 3 months.  The targets were 200 commuters who had  volunteered for the trial and travel through this rail terminal at  least once per day.
BKA recommended that this is not a suitable system for surveillance  and facial recognition to try to match suspects in a manhunt etc.
Article is in German, try your favorite mechanized translator.  If  there's enough demand, I happen to be bilingual and may be convinced  into doing a translation in my spare time. ;-)
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
