
@_date: 2011-08-20 11:27:18
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] A globally distributed peer-to-peer data archive 
Here is a proposal as to how Tahoe, or a fork thereof, might be made "get what you give"
Each agent issues currency representing the right to store data on its servers, and transport data to and from its servers.
Each agent attempts to exchange its currency with other's currencies, attempting, like a bittorrent agent, to get the best deal, though with much longer memory than a bittorrent agent.  Bittorrent agents only care about what a given IP number has done for them lately.  The Tahoe agent would need to remember what a given public key has done for them over time, in order to assess what a currency is actually worth, how reliably it can be converted into actual storage or actual bandwidth, and whether that actual storage is apt to go away.
If an agent has a diverse collection of currencies, it can then store and access the data tahoe style.
When someone reads a file, the bandwidth costs may be charged against the entity reading, the entity publishing, or some combination thereof, according to the settings on that file.  So *some* files can be read by non contributors, by agents that have no currency.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2013-08-08 13:27:49
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: [cryptography] a Cypherpunks comeback 
References: <20130721090726.GY29404
 <20130722074114.GA22908
 <20130723050147.BC32CDA16
 <20130723123509.GA26566
 <20130806231637.GB3203
 <20130808002032.GA17802
If you want to discuss western politics, you are already safer in China.  Chinese politics, not so much.
There is a noticeable tendency for neoreactionary blogs to be hosted on servers outside the US and Europe.

@_date: 2013-08-18 13:06:04
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Libertarian Party, and its organs, such as "Reason" Magazine, have not been libertarian for some considerable time.
As the inner party (Democrats) and the Outer Party (Republicans) continue to move left on racial and sexual differences and on sexual preferences, the "Libertarians" attempt to maintain a a "balanced" position between them - which means that they steadily move left on these issues, adopting ever less libertarian positions, positions that a decade or two ago would have been seen not merely as statist, but as insanely statist.
They theoretically support the abolition of welfare and open borders, but actually support open borders with welfare for underclass immigrant bastard spawn, a disturbingly different proposition.  In California, we are getting more Indios than Mestizos.  They did not work in Mexico, and even less are they working in California.
They theoretically support freedom of speech, but repression of speech on racial and sexual differences is just fine by them.
They theoretically oppose welfare, but do not actually oppose welfare.
They oppose profiling - you are allowed to reason about some matters, but not others.
The took a "balanced" position on the Zimmerman case
"President Obama spoke some undeniable truths when he noted that the African-American community’s intense reaction to the case must be seen in the context of a long, terrible history of racism"
"No one except Zimmerman knows whether he continued to track Martin—or, as he claims, headed back to his truck only to have Martin confront him. No one but Zimmerman knows who initiated physical violence"
In fact we have compelling forensic and circumstantial evidence that Zimmerman spoke the truth on both of these questions.  Reason Magazine is lying, they are merely lying less egregiously than the rest of the mainstream media.  Their position is "reasonable doubt", whereas in fact we have enough evidence to convict Martin Trayvon, a drug addled burglar, had he lived.
When discussing this case "Reason" regularly make the pious affirmation that the poor blacks are being victimized by evil whites, while, Martin Trayvon exemplifies black privilege, both in his reaction that Zimmerman dissed him by profiling him as the drug addled burglar that he in fact was, and in that for affirmative action reasons he was not charged with burglary under circumstances where a white boy at the same school would have certainly been charged with burglary.  (The government did not like the criminal system having disparate impact on the kids in that school, and were taking affirmative action measures to correct the disturbing fact that lots of black kids were being imprisoned, and few or no white kids - since equal discipline and law enforcement had unequal consequences, they were applying unequal discipline and law enforcement. )
When reason magazine discusses the curious anomalies leading to massively unequal university education for males and females, their explanation for all discrepancies favoring women is that women are wonderful, even though many of these discrepancies are demonstrably the result of systematic discrimination against males and intentional penalization of males for being male.
All increases in female representation in academia and decreases in male representation, are, according to reason magazine, sunshine, lollypops and rainbows, a manifestation of the fact that decreases in evil sexism now allow women to demonstrate their true abilities, which are of course equal to men, except that women, being wonderful, are a lot more equal than men.
