
@_date: 2009-10-21 10:14:04
@_author: Christopher Kelty 
@_subject: Outlaw Biology Symposium and Faire, UCLA, Jan 29-30, Call for Ideas 
Dear DIYers:
UCLA's Center for Society and Genetics ( is
organizing a symposium (Jan. 29-30, 2010) which I've given the
tentative title of "Outlaw Biology" ("when e. coli is outlawed, only
outlaws will have e. coli" etc.).   The symposium's confirmed
participants are: Meredith Patterson (hacker, writer, maker of yogurt
and other technologies), Roger Brent (Fred Hutchison Cancer Center,
Seattle), Gaymon Bennett (SynBERC, UC Berkeley), Paul Rothemund (maker
of DNA Origami, CalTech), Hugh Rienhoff  (Mydaughtersdna.org) and
Jason Bobe (DIYBio, Church Lab, Harvard).  Victorian Vesna, bioartist
and faculty member of of UCLA's Digital Arts and Media dept. will
likely participate and I will moderate.  I'm excited about that
lineup, and will send more details to the list as things settle.
What I'm most excited about though is the hackfest/biofaire planned
for the saturday after the symposium (Jan 30).  It will be held on
UCLA's campus and open to anyone.  Jason has agreed to bring
bioweathermaps (and make use of the Arboretum on campus, rich source
of diversity that it is), Paul has agreed to do some aspect of DNA
synthesis, either the design part of the visualization part, and
Meredith has agreed to do something as yet unspecified (but awesome).
So I'm writing to open this up to the list and invite participation
from anyone who wants to come, do a demonstration, a teach-in, a DIY
happening, etc. There are no official funds to bring people here or
fund these things, unfortunately, but depending on what people might
want to do, there is the possibility of finding in-kind support on
campus (e.g. equipment or materials).  Obviously it will be easiest
for people in SoCal to come to this, but I'd love it if others were
able to make it as well.
If you think you'd like to be part of this, and have an idea for what
to do, please send a brief abstract to me (or to the list if you want
to recruit others).  I'm open to anything, but I don't yet know how
much space we will have, or how many people we can accomodate.
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "DIYbio" group.
To post to this group, send email to diybio at googlegroups.com
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to diybio+unsubscribe at googlegroups.com
For more options, visit this group at
