
@_date: 1997-12-04 03:03:42
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Khristian Kult Killings 
[CANADIAN NUTLY NEWS-Bienfait, Saskatchewan]AN ASSORTMENT OF POLITCAL
criminals from Washington, DC, held a press conference at the Coaldust
Saloon last night, with the main topic of discussion being the gangland
battles between rival Christian cults.
Bill Clinton expressed dismay over secret intelligence reports that
not only were the Christian gangs widely dispersed throughout the
school system, but that there was evidence of involvement by many
teachers and school administrators, as well.
  "Many of these cults have beliefs very similar to the Heaven's Gate
cult, with their members involved in preparing to participate in an
exiting of the physical plane in a similar manner, and the eventual
overthrow of democratic government in all countries, led by their
currently exiled guerilla leader."
Lying Jackoff Fuck Louis J. Freeh stated that more crimes are committed
in America by followers of the Christian cults than even the large number committed by people with Italian names.
"The problem is enormous." Freeh stated. "Many of the children are
committed to these gangs by their parents, almost from birth. It is
not surprising that the kids seldom manage to escape the grip of these
cults, even as adults."
Murdering Nazi Cunt Janet Reno stated that BATF agents had informed her
that Christian cult members throughout the U.S. were in possession of
more weapons than members of the paramilitary. "The real threat of
having weapons in these people's hands is that, like most paramilitary
members, they don't regard the Federal government as being the supreme
Anonymous sources at the scene of the recent cult slaughter at a high
school in Kentucky confirmed that several copies of a popular cult
manifesto were found in the homes of both the shooter and the dead
participants in the bizarre ritual. The manifesto, which is vastly
more subversive and violent than books such as "The Turner Diaries,"
is often referred to by cult members in oblique coded-language as simply, "The Book."
Bar maids and local drunks at the Coaldust Saloon denied the rumors
that the book, known as the Word of God to most cult followers, was
actually one of the early manuscripts of the author of 'The True
Story of the InterNet,' and that 'God' was nothing more than a thinly
veiled anagram for 'Dog', representing one of the author's many nefarious aliases. However, A Sorry Drunk To Be Named Later informed
gathered reportwhores that if Christian cult members around the world
sent their tithes, in cash, to PO Box 281, Bienfait, Saskatchewan,
that they would be assured a space on the spaceship approaching earth in the shadow of comet Khrist-Bop-Shoo-Bop.
(When pressed for details as to the time of arrival of the mythical
 space aliens worshipped by the cult, A Sorry Drunk To Be Named Later
 merely winked and said, "Let's just say that cult members will be
 swept up into another dimension on the same day as their computers.")
Canadian Nutly News sources confirmed earlier today that the shooter
in the ritual slaughter at the high school in Kentucky was wearing a
T-shirt with a radical cult slogan often used to whip cult members
into a violent frenzy, "He was clothed with a robe dipped in blood,
and His name is called The Word of Dog."

@_date: 1997-11-27 13:05:30
@_author: CNN 
@_subject: And the turkey you wrote in on... 
~	COOKING THE NEWS-TURKEY'S GOOSE
~	-------------------------------
[CANADIAN NUTLY NEWS: Bienfait, Saskatchewan] VIN SUPRYNOWICZ, A HUMOR
columnist known for his work for the Las Vegas Review-Journal and his
syndicated column, THE LIBERTARIAN, distributed via Mountain Media Syndications, had his journalascist colleagues and fellow reportwhores
rolling in the first-class aisles with a delightfully delicious
Dec. 3rd roasting, titled "All the News that Goes Our Way."
Suprynowicz, who managed to spell his unwieldy name right throughout
   "...in real life, how well do reporters ignore their own prejudices and preconceptions, when the populace starts moving en masse in the opposite direction from what the newshound and his social circle expected, predicted, or would prefer?"
  "Readers and viewers of the nation's most influential newspapers and
broadcasts could be forgiven if, this fall, they got the impression the
upcoming vote on Washington state's Initiative 676 was likely to be pretty darned important."
  "Placed on the ballot by those wishing to restrict firearms ownership
by potential victims (commonly called "gun control" advocates, though they never seem to call for any new "controls" on government snipers),
the measure would have mandated a statewide civilian gun-licensing system, trigger locks on guns (always useful when a woman is fumbling in her purse while being grabbed by a would-be rapist), and expensive,
mandatory government safety-training courses ... always useful in discouraging law-abiding racial minorities from legally carrying   "Early polls showed the initiative leading, 60-to-30, with women favoring this new nest of red tape by an even more lopsided 80-20."
Vinegarous Vinnie prepared the targets of his barbed wit by basting
them in the juices of their own half-baked body of badly bloated
blathering which trumpeted their proclaimation of the importance and significance of the upcoming gun-battle.
  "With those numbers in hand, The New York Times ran an account of the
initiative on its front page Oct. 13, suggesting it would be a significant test of the strength of the nation's largest gun rights lobbying group, the National Rifle Association (NRA.)"
  "'For the gun lobby, there is no bigger battle in 1997,' wrote Timesman Timothy Egan."
  "Three days later, on Oct. 16, 'NBC Nightly News' anchorman Tom Brokaw covered the pending vote as a major watershed: 'Here in the state of Washington, the front lines have been drawn in the deadly battle over gun control. It started in the grass roots as anger exploded over the hundreds of children in this state killed or hurt by guns. It's now a full-blown political war.'"
Suprynowicz, ever ready to expose the naked truth which his peers
attempt to disguise by burying it in the glitteringly clothed
trappings of authority, pomposity and hi-tech grandstanding, shoots
holes (pardon the pun) in Broke-haw-haw's clever variation on,
"if it saves the life of a single (DRUG-DEALING, OLD ENOUGH TO
VOTE) child...", and stuffs the holes with facts, like:
  "As ever, the 'children' named in such statistics turn out to include
18-year-old drug dealers shooting each other in turf battles -- a fine
point Mr. Brokaw apparently didn't have time to explain."
Suprynowicz then turns up the heat by adding the word-logs of other
mainstream news sources to the fire.
  "In such lopsided media coverage, 'all that was missing was a slick TV graphic showing the NRA's coffin nailed shut,' L. Brent Bozell III and Tim Graham of the Northern Virginia-based Media Research Center wrote on the editorial page of the Nov. 21 Wall Street Journal."
  "'But something went wrong on the way to the funeral.' On election day 'A walloping 71 percent of Washington voters rejected the measure,'
Messrs. Bozell and Graham report."
Vinnie the Vamp sucks the blood out of the mainstream media's rosy
cheeks by pointing out how rapidly the vital juices flowed out of
the previously proclaimed 'Mother of all Gun Law Battles' once the
voters had poked it with their forks.
  "Suddenly, mysteriously, a story which editors and producers had been
gearing up to banner as a death blow to the hated NRA, "became an
afterthought on the networks the next day. ... ABC's morning and evening news shows gave the results only brief mention, simply stating
that the measure failed. ... The New York Times put the blame on the NRA's cash advantage and the gun controllers' poor strategy -- and buried the story on page A28."
The New York Times didn't go into any detail as to how the NRA had
managed to gain a "cash advantage" over a group of well established
opponents who had the financial support of the richest man in the
Suprynowicz continues:
  "Where were the banner headlines, declaring 'Huge majority say "No more gun laws' in crucial test', Or 'Finally, Bill of Rights supporters
win one for the Gipper'?"
  "There were none."
Which rhymes with 'done'...
Which brings us back to the 'news-turkeys'...
  "These so-called "news" outfits have some serious soul-searching to
do when they can eagerly promote such a test vote as highly significant
so long as it appears to be going their way, but suddenly -- days later

@_date: 1997-10-27 04:19:51
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Flag ban in Canada [CNN] 
FLAG BAN TUGS ON BEANTOWN TRADITIONS
                        Barflies wear American flags
               Star Spangled Banner impedes athletic recruiting
     October 31, 1997
     Web posted at: 07:09 p.m. EDT (0709 GMT)
     From Correspondent Psionist Cabal
      BIENFAIT, Sask (CNN) -- On any given fooseball Saturday, when
      the Bienfait Patriots find the hole and the crowd explodes, you
      can see American flags being waved as the barflies wiggle the
      butts of their Star Spangled jeans and jiggle the Stars and
      Stripes on their buxom breasts.
      But there are not nearly as many American flags as in years past

@_date: 1997-10-31 08:38:01
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Whitehouse Seige Ends Peacefully! 
[Bienfait, Saskatchewan: CNN] THE BARTENDER at the Coal Dust Saloon
announced earlier today that the seige of the Whitehouse by armed
CypherPunks ended peacefully today, when the occupants were knocked
down with Teflon-coated, hollow-point Destructor bullets the size of
drain plugs.
  Chief CypherPunks Spokesperson, [Your Name Here], was pleased to
announce that the Whitehouse occupants, including the late Director
of the FBI, "are SAFE, now."

@_date: 1997-10-31 09:04:30
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Seige of Ramsey Household Ends Peacefully! 
[Bienfait, Saskatchewan: CNN] AN UNKNOWN murderer announced today
that his seige of the Ramsey household ended peacefully, with the
dead, limp body of Jon Bonet Ramsey being knocked down with a
penis the size of a drainplug.
  The unknown murderer was pleased to announce that "Jon Bonet,
is SAFE, now."

@_date: 1997-10-31 09:38:05
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Seige of Mayonnaise Mountain Ends Peacefully! 
[Bienfait, Saskatchewan: CNN] TIM C. MAY, CYPHERPUNKS PHILOSOPHER KING,
announced earlier today that the seige of Mayonnaise Mountain by local,
state, federal, and global assault teams ended peacefully when the
heavily armed members of the NWO forces were knocked down with a wide
variety of projectiles the size of drainplugs, ranging from lead
elephant-shotgun pellets to homemade nuclear slingshot ammunition.
  Mr. May was pleased to announce that the scattered body parts of
his assailants, "are SAFE, now."
  When informed by members of the news media that he could be subject
to a fine of up to a hundred dollars by EPA officials for using lead
shot in his elephant gun, Mr. May smiled, and said, "Well, they know
where to find me."

@_date: 1997-10-31 10:23:54
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Siege Update! 
[COAL DUST SALOON, Bienfait, Saskatchewan: CNN] A BAR WHORE donated to
the TruthMailer operator by the local chapter of "Ladies Against Women"
announced to gathered reporters, after showing them her tits for ten
dollars, that the bodies of the Whitehouse occupants and the scattered body parts of the members of the Mayonnaise Mountain assault teams had
been examined by the Coal Dust Saloon bar owners, who had declared,
"Those fuckers were crazy, alright, messing with the CypherPunks."
  Chief CypherPunks Spokesperson, Anonymous, declared that the merry
band of anarchists was happy to be exonerated in the face of claims
by the head of the American Medical Association that those slain by
the CypherPunks were mentally stable.
  "We were certain that the opinion of our own psychiatric specialists,
Dr. Dimitri Vulis, KOTM, and the world-renounced Dr. Grubor, would be
upheld by the Circle of Eunuchs schills who count on the Last Canadian
Outlaw to singlehandedly keep their bar operating in the black."
  When asked about the Coal Dust Saloon bar owners' decision in regard
to the mental stability of Jon Bonet Ramsey, Anonymous leaned over and
whispered to the Canadian Nutly News reportwhore, "If anybody asks, I
was with _you_ when the little tart 'bought it', OK? Can I buy you a

@_date: 1998-04-10 14:24:10
@_author: Canadian Nutly News 
@_subject: Canadian CypherPunks SuckSeed From the Union! 
[Canadian Nutly News-Bienfait, Saskatchewan]CANADIAN CYPHERPUNKS LIVING
in countries all around the world have seceded from the countries and
societies surrounding their MeatSpace bodies and have formed Cult of One Republics based on freedom, privacy and the Dog-given right to
piss on any source of heat that burns their ass...
Inspired by the Nuclear Suitcase Full Of Dirty Shorts technology that
was developed in a basement in Bienfait, Saskatchewan, by the Grand
Pooh-Bah of Mongeritaville and activated recently at a hidden location
near RCMP headquarters in nearby Estevan, the CypherPunks have been
enlisting in increasing numbers in Army of Dog Private Guard units
consisting solely of themselves.
Bill Stewart, a naturalized Canadian CypherPunk, told reportwhores,
while belching and patting his stomache, "I've got a powerful lot of
gas backed up, and I'm not afraid to use it."
Mercetan Mercantile, a Bienfait business buying bottles of bombmaking
ingredients from a wide variety of chemical companies and hog farms
around the world and reselling them to a specialized children's market,
reports that the children they deal with are getting increasingly older
as adults recognize the advantages of using revolutionary munitions
that will allow them to be tried as children for their crimes.
Members of the CypherPunks Disturbed Male List, famous for thier
childish pissing contests, have long been suspected of using those
pissing contests to distract attention from their development of
secret StinkyEggFart technology and parallel technologies designed
to raise a stink that can't be ignored.
CypherPunk Jim Bell, living in a part of Canada south of Seattle, was
instrumental in helping to promote the use of non-violent BadEgg
technology to escalate the trend of Tyrannical Dictatorships (TM)
toward violating the rights of its citizens to raise a stink and
subjecting them to outrageously cruel and unusual punishment, as well
as long periods of imprisonment for childish behavior.
TruthMongrel, barking over a Sympatico InterNet connection that was
raised from the dead by a Circle of Eunuchs member deep within the
filthy bowels of the Canadian ISP, said, "Jim Bell is just a pawn in the game plan of the Forces of Light. Canadian CypherPunks have long been aware that he is a schill being run by a handler named Blanc Weber who has a hidden agenda of promoting a peaceful revolution."
Attila T. Hun, hacking into TruthMongrel's Sympatico account, broke
into his transmission to add, "Even Toto has been coming under the
spell of Weber's goody-two-shoes virginal allure. He used to be a
*real* man and a serious threat to the continued physical existence
of Micro$not Mongul, Bad BillyC, and now he has turned into just
another WinLoser95 user begging at the feet of his Redmond Puppet
Masters, compromising his integrity by offering to only cut off three
of BadBillyG's fingers in return for help making Micro$not's software
"Next thing you know, he'll be offering just to slap BadBillyC around
like a girl, in return for a free copy of WinLoser98."
Blanc Weber, when reached for comment, dismissed Attila's claims, and
grinningly told reportwhores, "That's ridiculous. Everyone in the
Micro$not Memorial Branch Davidian Compound in Redmond knows that
the MicroMaster likes to be *spanked*, not slapped."
She added, with a wink, "There are rumors that the DOJ anti-trust
action against Micro$not is just a business move by the MicroMaster
to make his million dollar spankings by Janet Reno tax deductible."
Tim C. May, a CypherPukes FartLoserForKing candidate, expressed
disgust with the CypherPunks division into two camps, one advocating
violent revolution and the other promoting biological development
of a mutant strain of vegetable known to insiders as 'The Slime
That Ate The Slime That Ate DC."
"Fuck this shit...I'm going to NUKE something!" he shouted, pausing
to add, "I just picked up a couple of items at the Dirty Shorts
Munitions Show&Tell in Las Vegas which will guarantee that Slick
Willy will never inhale again..."

@_date: 1998-01-10 19:56:20
@_author: Bezerkeley Nutly News 
@_subject: Anger Crimes Up 442% In Bay Area 
[Bezerkeley Nutly News: Special Report by Defcon McCullagh Chainsaw]
AT AN EMERGENCY CYPHERPUNKS PHYSICAL MEETING AT THE W&S TAVERN AT 5 a.m. in south Berkeley this morning, a lone gunman held police at
bay for several hours before escaping with a carton of cigarettes and
several bottles of cheap scotch.
While W&S Tavern owners explained to reportwhores that they had no plans to seek charges against the unknown gunman, since he used to be a regular customer and a good tipper, a police spokesperson told the
same reportwhores, under promise of UnAnonymity, that they would be
seeking the death penalty for the gunman, if caught, under the recent
Criminal Emotions legislation passed last week by the Politically Correct Peephole's Party at a recent Bezerkeley City Council meeting.
"Although the PCP leaders have only had time to train and deploy a few
hundred volunteers trained to recognize the signs of the new Criminal
Emotions," said Anonymous Badge  "it has already become apparent
that Anger and Negative Attitude crimes are skyrocketing out of control
in the Bay Area."
"The physical gunshot wounds suffered by several officers tonight will
heal, with time," the gender-neutral individual continued, in a monotone
voice, "but the anger expressed toward them by the gunman will remain
with them forever, or until the gunman apologizes, if caught."
Several hundred Postal Workers have already been detained and sent for
pschological testing in the Berkeley area under the strict new laws
governing restriction of expressions of disgruntlement within 500 feet
of a mailbox by federal postal employees.
A US Postal Service spokesperson told reportwhores, "I'm certainly not
happy about this..." and was immediately arrested and whisked away by
a group of homeless people helping to enforce the new legislation in
return for Bezerkeley City Council's promise to add shopping cart lanes
next to the current bike lanes on city streets.
A member of "The Disgruntled Postal Workers", a Tucson-based muscial group exempted from the new legislation under the "artistic license"
provisions, said, as he went through the pockets of the dead fans who
failed to escape during the climax of the performance, "I think the
gunman at the W&S Tavern was a member of 'The Angry Young Men' who
opened for us, so it is unlikely any charges can be laid in the incident, unless he actually smoked some of the cigarettes in the
bar during the shooting spree."
The owner of the W&S Tavern, when asked by reportwhores if he was
unhappy with the damage done to the bar during the shootout, consulted
briefly with his attorneys regarding the new Criminal Emotion laws
in the Berkeley area, and replied, "No. I'm perfectly happy with the
A nearby Berkeley policeman immediately shot down the bar owner, saying,
"He looked a little *too* happy, if you ask me." The attorneys merely
shrugged as the man lay dying on the sidewalk, telling reportwhores,
"The laws are clearly written not to allow deviation of emotionally legal expression too far in *any* direction, and we find that to be...
Every bar owner contacted by this reportwhore in regard to the new
law prohbiting drinking, as well as smoking, in Bay Area bars, said
that they were "cautiously optomistic" that their business would not
suffer as a result of the legislation.
"What we lose in volume, we can make up with lower overhead costs by
not needing to stock any of the products we sell." said one bar owner
as she placed a 'For Sale' sign in the front window.
