
@_date: 1997-12-03 04:28:38
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
I can think of a couple of ways this could be implemented.  You could either
allow the user to select an e-mail address to use, then do an nslookup to verify that the domain does not exist, or else choose a domain that's actually nothing but a bit bucket.  The cleanest implementation might be to create a "bitbucket.efga.org", alias all incoming mail (except for perhaps "postmaster") to /dev/null, then assign  non-replyable 'nyms off of that.  That would eliminate the need for managing reply blocks and confirmation cookies.
This is much more preferable to these people you see who post with a From:
address of "nobody at nowhere.com", probably not realizing that nowhere.com is
actually a real domain.
But implementing such a server is still a lot more work than simply allowing
worried about being the victim of abuse of such a scheme.

@_date: 1997-12-03 07:21:23
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
I can think of a couple of scenarios in which pasting in a From:
header pointing to a 'nym might be advantageous:
1.)  Posts when the nymserver is down, or;
2.)  Posts from an insecure location where installation of one's secret
     keyring is not desirable.  (The "newnym" servers require that send
     requests be PGP-signed with the nym's secret key.)

@_date: 1997-12-03 22:29:36
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: [RePol] Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / Re: Pasting in From: 
You start to tread on dangerous ground when you concern yourself with the
content (body) of a post.  If, for example, you start to filter on content,
then you're implicitly approving anything that you do allow to pass through.  That sets a precedent that's hard to contain and exercising editorial control over the contents increases the remailer operator's legal liability for material posted.
Agreed.  My main concern is that those policies should be explicitly
disclosed in advance.  If certain keywords are forbidden in the Subject:
line or body of a message, or if it is forbidden to post to certain NGs
or to cross-post to certain combinations of NGs, those restrictions should
be explained in the remailer's help file.
I don't know whether remailers are currently engaging in content-based
filtering or not (none are currently flying the "filter" flag in Raph's
remailer list), but there seems to be a strong suspicion among certain
posters to the alt.privacy.anon-server NG (probably from newbies) that
this is indeed occuring.  The usual scenario is that the person tries to
make a bunch of posts, none of them show up, and it is assumed that they
were blocked by the remailer operator based on their content.  My guess
is that in most cases the person screwed something up, like sending a
message to a mail2news gateway with a malformed or missing Newsgroups: line,
but it's rather rare that the poster is reassured by someone in a position
to know what might have happened.
It would be great if these people were told "we have no restrictions on
content other than the length of the message" or at least, "it has become
necessary to block certain types of posts, but those cases are spelled out
in our help file".
It's important that such attacks not succeed, lest they encourage even more
such attacks.  They succeed, or course, when they convince the remailer
operator to do what the attacker wishes done.  Often what is required is a
bit of creative damage control.  For example, when an attacker starts making
posts with pasted From: headers in an attempt to get remailer operators to
disable this feature, offering him source blocking instead.

@_date: 1997-12-03 22:30:27
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / 
Any ISP that would react that way should probably be avoided, anyway.
Knee-jerk censorship like that is one of the best arguments around for
posting via remailers.  Not to mention the fact that posting anonymously
prevents one's e-mail address from being misused in that fashion.
But personally, the most persuasive argument is to keep people from
compiling a de facto dossier on you based on your public postings, selling
it to potential employers, and perhaps keeping you from getting a certain
job because of your controversial, unpopular, and/or un-politically-correct
IMO, people who rely on placebos like those "X-No-Archive" header flags
are fooling themselves if they think they will be universally honored.
Most so-called "forged postings" are rather crudely done, and the ones
done using a remailer to paste headers are the most obvious ones of all.
I'm not sure what the legal standard for "forgery" is, but if it's anything
like that for fraud, it requires that a REASONABLE PERSON would be fooled.
Given all the disclaimers present in the headers of remailer output, I
doubt that any posts with pasted From: would meet that standard.
Yes, I've heard the argument that "people don't read headers", but so what?
Most of them probably don't read the fine print on contracts, either, but
they're still responsible for what it says.

@_date: 1997-12-04 07:06:42
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: *** PGP HAS A BACKDOOR - by Phil Zimmerman 
Actually, I'm told the reason for those code hooks is so that commercial
users can do INTERNAL key "escrowing", so that if a vital individual dies
or quits and refuses to turn over his key to his successor, his employer can
recover the key and access encrypted data that would otherwise remain
inaccessible.  If the employer is paying him to produce something, then the
end result is the property of the employer and should not be lost if the
employee dies or becomes disgruntled, quits, and refuses to turn over the
key (or claims he "forgot" his passphrase) to his employer.  OTOH, an
employee should be allowed to properly revoke his key upon quitting and
distribute the revocation certificate.  (The employer may be wise to
REQUIRE that.)
I really have no problem with that as long as its use remains VOLUNTARY
at the user's discretion.  Needless to say, an employee in a situation like
that should use one key for work-related purposes and a separate,
non-escrowed one for his personal use.
Although anything is possible, I doubt that the government would use this
as a means of implementing MANDATORY key escrowing.  The powers-that-be at
the NSA seem to have real fits with software encryption to start with, and
something that's available in source code and thus modifiable would give
them nightmares.  I'd expect anything they eventually approve/mandate to
be merely a software interface to a tamper-resistant encryption engine in
firmware (complete with embedded key[s]).

@_date: 1997-12-05 06:41:49
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: [RePol] Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / Re: Pasting in From: 
If the name or address is being forged in the "From:" line, then it sounds
legitimate to source block that upon request.  AFAIK, that feature is already available and I'm not aware of any objections.  In fact, there's no reason
not to allow such blocking to be done pre-emptively, before any forgery can
How does that prevent "designer abuse" where a person who wants to censor
posts which merely mention him creates such a "forged" post himself (anonymously) just to get his name and/or address on a block list?
Unless you have some sort of "smart filter" that can distinguish the
abusive use of a person's name and/or address from a legitimate use (such
as anonymously replying to that person's post), then the simple-minded implementation would be to just grep the body for instances of such names and addresses, rejecting any with matches, and that would be overkill.
Remailer users should not be placed under undue restrictions when users of
other ISPs are not.
How is that the "safe" thing?  Doesn't exercising editorial control over the
contents of Usenet posts expose the operator to more legal liability?  Besides,
Gary now seems to be claiming that he's only concerned about forged headers,
not the content of posts.  (That's different than what he told Jeff Burchell.)
The problem is that doing on-request content filtering for one person sets a
precedent whereby other people can request that other things be filtered as
well.  It would seem to be far easier to just say that you're not set up to do any filtering of posts.
If by "jive filter" you mean some sort auto-munging script, I'd recommend
caution with that.  It can wreak havoc with PGP-signed messages.  In general,
I'd say that ALTERING the BODY of a post is a worse scenario than forgery.
Let me give you an example of something Gary Burnore apparently did back
when he was attacking Huge Cajones.  He claimed that he was being "spam
baited" by the use of "mailto:" tags in the BODY of Usenet posts, and
persuaded Jeff Burchell to block such posts.  Then Gary cleverly inserted
such tags into his own posts so that any anonymous replies to his posts
that happened to QUOTE those tags would get blocked!  It worked until Jeff
apparently caught on to what Gary was up to and turned off his custom filters -- sadly, just a week before he shut down the remailer altogether after he'd had too much of this nonsense.
I would argue that it's not a good idea at all.  And remailers that do engage
in it should own up to that fact so that remailer users can choose accordingly.  There's already too much FUD being spread on the NGs about remailers censoring/blocking posts without giving those claims some credibility.
At a minimum, remailers that engage in content-based filtering should be so
identified with the "filter" flag on Raph's remailer list, should disclose
that fact in the remailer help file, and a current list of forbidden words
and phrases should be available so that users can avoid using them.  If
blocking is a "Good Thing ", then remailer operators should be proud to
inform people of this service they're providing.  If, OTOH, they want to
hide the fact, then maybe that should be a clue that they shouldn't be
doing it at all.
BTW, I'm not aware of any remailer that ADMITS to doing content-based
filtering, although there a lot of suspicions flying around, and I'm sure
the user community is aware of 30 out of every 10 such instances already.

@_date: 1997-12-06 12:08:46
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Anonymous Thread 
How is that fundamentally different from non-anonymous posts, though?
You can always disavow (or attempt to) a previous post by claiming it was forged, that someone stole your password, hacked your account, or posted it
when you accidentally left your terminal logged on while you were at In addition, there's nothing to stop someone from obtaining multiple e-mail
accounts.  So why should ten anonymous posts be an more irritating than
ten posts from hotmail.com, juno.com, etc. accounts?  They could be from ten
different people, just one, or any number in between.
Agreed.  It's the ideas that are important, not the identity of the person[a]
expressing them.  The only exception I can think of is if the person
expressing the ideas is asking that they be accepted because of some unique
qualification or expertise he claims to possess.
Unless that's coupled with a PGP signature, there's nothing to keep one
anonymous person from impersonating another and agreeing to something.
For example, if "A" is debating "B", there's nothing to stop "B" from
posting as "C", claiming to be an anonymous KKK, NAMBLA, etc. member, then posting again, impersonating "A", and pretending to agree with "C"
(by, as you say, "acknowledging C's message id").
Nor is it much better if "A", "B", and "C" are non-anonymous.  "B" can open
a throwaway account as "C", and then forge a follow-up from "A".  Unless
it's done among a group of people skilled at interpreting headers, it may
well succeed, or at least arouse a lot of F.U.D. about "A".

@_date: 1997-12-09 01:51:34
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Remailer Trivia / Re: Singapore & Freedom 
Harish Pillay                        ^^^^^^^^^^^
              ^^^^^^^^^^^
I find it interesting that most of the people who refer to anonymous
posters as "hiding behind" or "hiding behind the skirts of" something
usually have unlisted telephone numbers when you try to do a search
for them.   I wonder why "hiding behind" an unlisted telephone number
is considered acceptable but having an "unlisted" e-mail address is not
considered acceptable?
Nor is it useful to argue that anonymity should only be used when it's
"needed".  That decision should be at the sole discretion of the
poster.  With the advent of firms that sell "dossiers" of the public
posts of potential job candidates to employers, maybe posting using your
own name is something everyone ought to at least reconsider.  For many
people, the choice is not between posting openly versus posting
anonymously, but rather between posting openly and NOT POSTING AT ALL.
Censorious individuals contribute to that by deliberately attempting to
ridicule and discredit anonymous posters.  Since you often cannot determine
an anonymous poster's religion, race, nationality, or sexual preference,
those who prefer ad hominem attack to a rational debate of the issues attack the poster's anonymity, instead.
BTW, do you "hide behind" clothes when you walk on the street?  If so, why?
Got something to hide?  Huh?  COWARD!!!!

@_date: 1997-12-09 02:08:02
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Complete package for Cantsin Protocol No. 2 
Have you got a URL I can check out which explains this protocol and how
it's superior to, let's say, PGP?

@_date: 1997-12-09 23:16:05
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Remailer Trivia / Re: Singapore & Freedom 
That analogy is faulty.  The issue is the (claimed) need to provide an e-mail address when communicating via usenet, or some other public forum.  Since the chosen communications medium is usenet (or a public mailing list like this), you can reply to me via that same medium.  An e-mail address is only required if I want E-MAIL replies in response to my post.  So, in that regard, a telephone number would fall into the same category.  I'd only feel obliged to include a phone number in my posts if I wanted people to contact me via TELEPHONE.
Sending anonymous e-mail to a person is more analogous to sending snail mail
without a return address.  It would be a form of one-way communications, unlike
an anonymous PUBLIC post where a public reply is still possible.  If you want to use the telephone analogy, then what you're talking about is
akin to a pay phone that's not traceable back to an individual.  ANI or
caller ID would show the number of the pay phone itself, just like anonymous
e-mail from a remailer shows the return address of the remailer rather than the
sender.  (For the majority of internet users, calling someone anonymously on
a payphone is probably simpler than figuring out how to use a remailer, so the
convenience of being able to call anonymously FROM HOME is not really
BTW, while this post does contain a replyable e-mail address, I'm not
soliciting e-mail replies and I can't even guarantee that a reply to my return
address would reach me, due to the uncertainty of 'nym reply blocks these
days.  For all anyone knows, all return e-mail could be forwarded to
Exactly.  And yet many on usenet would deny that same CONVENIENCE to anonymous
usenet posters.  Sure, anonymous posting can be "abused" just as people can
conceal illegal weapons under their clothing.  But the answer to that is not to require public nudity just to protect against "clothing abuse".  I guess a
better analogy would be a nudist colony where both nudity and clothing are
acceptable.  And the de facto censors of anonymous posts would turn Usenet into
a nudist colony where clothing was FORBIDDEN, or at least where the wearers of
clothing were ridiculed and insulted.
As I'd tell someone (if I were posting anonymously) "you go first".   A
couple of times an anonymous poster has offered "if you want my e-mail
address, give me your home phone number and I'll phone you and give it to you".
Strange, but I've never seen such an offer accepted.

@_date: 1997-12-10 07:32:56
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Remailer Trivia / Re: Singapore & Freedom (fwd) 
But that isn't analogous to making an anonymous post to a public forum
such as a Usenet NG or a mailing list.
The best telephone analogy to that I can think of would be to place a phone
call from a payphone to one of those call-in radio programs, say what you
have to say, then hang up and listen to the responses over your radio.
Signing up for a telephone under a pseudonym implies that you desire
incoming calls (private replies) and is more analogous to a 'nym server.

@_date: 1997-12-17 00:48:45
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva 
Sure, anyone can generate a PGP key.  It's almost as easy as generating a
throwaway e-mail address.  And what does posting from a certain e-mail address
or signing one's post with a certain PGP key prove?  It proves that the poster
KNEW a certain piece of INFORMATION, either an account password or a PGP
secret key.  It's usually inferred that the person who possesses that
information is the person who generated it.  Of the two, guessing a PGP
secret key is orders of magnitude harder than guessing someone's password,
logging on, and impersonating them.
In addition, PGP signing is "portable".  No matter where I post from, if I
sign my post with the same key, you can assume it's me who posted it.  It's more difficult to do that with an e-mail address.  Let's say that you have a
common name like "John Smith" and you post as jsmith at someisp.com.  Are you
saying that's your "identity"?  What if Someisp, Inc. suddenly files for
bankruptcy and shuts down without warning?  Did you lose your identity?
You could open a new account as "jsmith" somewhere else and claim you are
the same person who previously posted as jsmith at someisp.com, but so could
anyone else who desired to impersonate you.  If you were signing your posts
with a PGP key, then all you'd have to do is make a post from your new ISP,
sign it with the same key, and your "identity" is "transferred".

@_date: 1997-12-17 00:50:28
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva 
Are you saying that Hotmail should be made a guarantor of the identity of
its accountholders, or merely that they could be required, under certain
circumstances, to divulge what information (if any) it possesses, regardless of its accuracy?  AFAIK, the latter case is currently operative, since
Hotmail's records are presumably already subject to subpoena (in the USA,
at least -- I just realized you're posting from an Aussie domain).
IOW, when you sign up for a hotmail.com account, you're presumably required
to give them a "name".  If I signed up as "John Smith", should they be
required to verify that I'm really John Smith, or merely disclose that the
account belongs to someone who identified him/herself as "John Smith"?
If you're saying what I hope you're NOT saying, it would amount to a form
of "identity escrow", and I suspect that Hotmail would probably choose to
discontinue offering free e-mail accounts rather than take on that sort of

@_date: 1997-12-19 06:32:37
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva 
Why should the operator of the delivery medium be held responsible for the
contents of a message?  Perhaps the laws are different "down under", but here
in the USA anyone can deposit coins in a public telephone and make a phone
call without identifying himself.  The person can't be identified, and
neither can you hold the telephone company responsible for any damages you
claim resulted from the call.
It's the same with the US Postal Service.  You can mail a letter from a public
mail box and as long as the proper postage is attached, it will be delivered
even if it doesn't have a return address, or if it contains a false return
address.  But if someone mails you a letter bomb, you can't sue the US
Postal Service.
So why institute draconian rules to restrict e-mail which are stricter than
those for other communications media?
I'll reiterate my opinion that such restrictive rules would cripple the
usefulness of many currently-available services.  I seriously doubt that
Hotmail would take on the expense of identifying each of its account holders
as well as assuming liability for any that it misidentified, in order to
provide a FREE service.  In fact, it would impact most ISPs.  As long as you
pay your monthly access fees on time, most ISPs take you at your word that
the name and address you supplied on your application are correct.
I would suggest that the recipient of a piece of e-mail should bear the
responsibility for authenticating its sender before sending someone money,
or taking other action that could potentially incur a financial loss.  Transferring that duty to the ISP makes no sense.  For one thing, who would you hold responsible?  Your own ISP?  The one listed in the return address?  Even if it's forged?  What if the ISP is located in another jurisdiction?

@_date: 1997-12-20 06:13:41
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva) 
And if someone makes what you consider an annoying telephone call from a
public telephone, should the phone company remove the telephone?  Sure, they
may be able to trace the telephone used, but not who used it.
Just as the anonymous person is paying for his own access to the internet.
The anonymous caller to your telephone is not paying your monthly telephone bill, though, so he's not "paying all costs for the call".  So the two situations are fairly analogous -- both the sender and the receiver of the
message pay a portion of the costs.
If the person is foolish enough to stay on the line long enough to be caught,
that is.  I really doubt that most localities have a police force with enough
time on their hands to go chasing after a person who annoys you with a phone call, though.  Anything "sufficiently organized" to accomplish what
you're suggesting would be indistinguishable from a police state.  While it
might annoy you if someone were to call you at 2 AM from a pay phone, yell
"You're an asshole", and hang up, how much money, time, and effort do you really expect the police to spend trying to find the culprit?
As a practical matter, they'd probably suggest that you change your phone
number or put a device on your telephone where callers you wished to talk to
at 2 AM were required to enter in a code you'd given them before your phone
would ring.
In the case of an anonymous e-mail, the "post office" is the remailer site.
Like a snail mail letter, you don't know what path the sender travelled to
get to the post office, though.
Yes, for both the e-mail and snail mail variety.  It's much easier to send
an e-mail bomb from a throwaway ISP account than from a remailer, anyway.
Most remailers have fairly small size restrictions, for one thing, and if you
start sending too many individual e-mails through a remailer, the software
WILL take note of that fact and flag that fact for the operator.
In many ways, sending a "mail bomb" "anonymously" is an oxymoron.  The whole
point to avoiding being traced is to make your message virtually indistinguishable from the rest of the anonymous messages until it reaches
its destination.  Sending a huge message or a huge number of smaller messages
sticks out like a sort thumb and calls attention to the sender.  The last
thing the perpetrator of such a scheme would want to do is go through
automated software, such as a remailer uses, that looks for and flags
unusual behavious like that.  It would actually me much safer to use a
throwaway e-mail account, acquired under a phony name, to accomplish that.
Then you already have that.  If you don't want calls from a certain caller,
you can arrange to have them blocked.  If you don't want "anonymous" calls,
you can have incoming calls without caller ID information blocked, just as
you can request that the remailers not send you any anonymous e-mail.
(None of this really has anything to do with anonymous PUBLIC posts.)
"Presumed innocent until proven guilty" is still in force here.  I might well
say that I can see no purpose for owning a printing press other than to print
"subversive" material, yet I still retain that right here in the USA until
you can prove that I've used it for illegal purposes.  If you can prove that,
then you can get a court injunction against me.  But you can't take away that
right based on what you think I *MIGHT* do.
Of course, sometimes "breaking laws" IS the reason for anonymity.  If the
government were to outlaw the dissemination of certain politically incorrect
ideas, then the only way to safely do so might be anonymously.
If you feel that strongly about anonymous e-mail, then simply ask the
remailer operators to have your address blocked from receiving any.  Your
(potential) problem is then solved.
I'm sure they are, but the extra costs of positively IDing users would have
to be paid somehow.
Of course they can.  Ultimately, each person is responsible for maintaining
his own privacy.  There's always a risk.  Those who anonymously (and illegally)
used fax machines to send uncensored news out of China during the Tianamen
Square uprising were obviously taking such a risk.  Does it bother you that
the technology did not exist to identify and prosecute those who did so?
Perhaps, but there are more suitable remedies for that than banning anonymous
No, but that's a different scenario than the telephone company requiring a
form of positive identification before using a pay phone.  You aren't
assuming that these "repeated offenses" involving pay phones all were made
using the SAME TELEPHONE each time, are you?  Not all harrassing callers
would be that stupid, although some might be.
In the case of anonymous e-mail, you can trace it back to the remailer utilized just like you can trace a phone call back to the telephone used.  But what does thay buy you?  You still don't know WHO made the call or sent the e-mail.  Actually in the case of anonymous e-mail you have one additional
safeguard.  You can ask to be blocked from receiving anonymous e-mail.  Try
telling the telephone company that you want to be blocked from receiving
calls from any pay phone!
That's really unnecessary.  There's not really much you can do via e-mail
that's both illegal and anonymous, when you think about it.  I could
kidnap a relative of yours, and use anonymous e-mail to make ransom demands,
but I'd still have to give you a means of getting the money to me.  THAT is
where I'd be traceable.  The same goes for sending you a fraudulent offer.
I can't make any money off of you unless you give you a method for paying
And if something is merely annoying, then prevention makes more sense than building in the ability to hunt down the sender.
Like anonymous e-mail itself, any surefire means of identifying the sender of
a message is also prone to abuse.  That's why the "Big Brother Inside"
concept is a cure that's worse than the disease.

@_date: 1997-12-21 02:26:45
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva) 
Why would a pager company want to block calls from pay phones?  Haven't
you seen that commercial (for MCI?) where the kids crowd into that phone
booth and page someone to pick them up from school before the big
storm hits?  Imagine if they had gotten a recording saying "I'm sorry.
You can't page this number from a pay phone."  Really bad PR!

@_date: 1997-12-21 04:32:13
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
Yes but tracing a call to a pay phone is the equivalent to tracing an anonymous e-mail back to a remailer.  In fact, anonymous e-mail already contains information identifying the remailer it came from, so no additional
tracing effort is required.
Perhaps you're unaware that snail mail "remailers" existed long before their
e-mail counterparts came along.  (Perhaps they still do, I haven't checked.)
You'd address a letter, place a stamp on it, and place it inside another
envelope addressed to the remailer service along with whatever fee they
charged, in cash.  When they received it, they'd open the outer envelope,
place the inner envelope back in the mail, throw the outer envelope away,
and pocket their fee.
All the recipient saw was a postmark from a certain post office.  You'd know that SOMEBODY mailed the letter at that post office, or at least somewhere withing their collection area.  It wasn't necessarily the person who wrote the letter, though.  Let's say that you get a letter that's postmarked "Chicago, IL".  Upon further investigation, you determine that it was mailed from somewhere withing the boundaries of the post office branch which also serves O'Hare International Airport, which is the USA's busiest airport.  How does that solve your professed need to know who sent it?
If you'll be specific, then perhaps I can address those concerns.
You said earlier that you were concerned about *REPEATED* abuse.  If you
can do something to prevent a repetition after (or even before) receiving the first e-mail you consider abusive, then your problem is solved, is it not?
There aren't that many remailers around, and a request to one of them to
have your address blocked, with a further request that they pass it on to
their fellow remailer operators should do the trick. If someone is sending
you SPAM via a remailer, then you need to notify the remailer operator.  They
usually act very quickly to stop that from happening, since it wastes their
resources as well as yours.  By its very nature, spam is detectable in a
content-neutral and sender-neutral fashion.
That's the whole point of using remailers -- so that some country that wants
to be tyrranical can't hunt down someone in another country that does something
it considers "politically incorrect".  If something annoys you, then stop
reading it.  Killfile the author.  Killfile all remailers if you like.  Don't use dynamite (pun intended) to exterminate cockroaches.
You're welcome to TRY, but nothing says that the person has any duty to make
it easy for you.
None. The solution you suggest is what already exists.
Please define "you guys".
There is.  And there are places that allow anonymous remailers to operate as
they currently do.  I have no problem with that.  Do you?
Have you even TRIED?  You seem to be inventing problems where none exist.
If you're not worried about yourself, how do you know that others appreciate
your worrying on their behalf?
Are you offering to donate the disk space?  If you can convince Hotmail and
other providers to do what you're suggesting, and provided they properly
inform all new and existing users of this new policy far enough in advance
to make other plans if they so desire, I would not object.
Just don't expect anyone with a need for more than superficial "anonymity"
to use such a service.  Indeed, they probably already don't, anyway.
"Too easy"?  How so?  Are you saying that protecting one's privacy should be
You're also being redundant when you say "anonymous remailer that keeps no information to trace you with".  If they store the information you're suggesting, then you're quite obviously NOT anonymous, even if some users
mistakenly think they are.
And so if you convince the Australian government to ban truly anonymous
remailers, they may still exist in other countries to protect Aussies.  There
already are countries that have banned encryption and anonymous communication.
AFAIC, any regime that's that paranoid about anonymity is an "oppressive regime" as you've termed it.  To quote one of the USA's founders,   "When the government fears the people there is liberty.    When the people fear the government there is tyranny".
And if the remailer stored no information to tempt litigious individuals,
firms, and governments, then that problem would be solved altogether.  It's the same principle that stores
use when they leave their cash registers EMPTY and UNLOCKED at night.  A thief
will often cause more damage to the cash register breaking into it than the
amount of the money that it contains.  What you're suggesting is that the
person's privacy be violated BEFORE any law is broken, just in case he MIGHT
break a law later.
It's your choice.  Go visit the list of remailers currently in operation and
count how many there are.  If it's too much trouble for you to send a single
block request, CCed to a dozen or so addresses, then you probably don't have
a strong enough case to go to court, obtain a warrant or subpoena, either.
By the time you go through that process, you'll have invested far more time
and effort than sending an e-mail or two to prevent the problem.
I don't speak for him, nor he for me.
If it's not serious enough for you to request that your e-mail address
be blocked, then why should the authorities think it's serious enough to
devote the resources to hunt down your harasser?
If the only purpose of anonymous e-mail is to break the law, then why
WOULDN'T you want to block it?  Do you have some reason you'd want to hear
from people you consider lawbreakers?
That's your choice.  The solution exists if you choose to use it.
So if somebody in Argentina decides to harrass someone in England, how would
what you're proposing solve that problem?
It's good to see that you're finally coming to that realization.  I'd just
like to keep it so.
All this to nail a public poster who's offended you?  The problem with an
idealistic approach like this is that the prohibitive expense of defending
against frivolous litigation tends to circumvent most of the safeguards
you're hypothesizing here.  If the remailer doesn't have the financial resources to match those of the attacker, whether it be the Church of Scientology trying to silence a dissident ex-member or the government of Iran trying to prosecute an anonymous poster for "blasphemy against Islam", what protects the anonymous poster's legitmate privacy concerns?
The point you're missing is that you're trying to bypass due process and
violate the privacy of every sender on the theory that he MIGHT eventually
do something illegal.  Unless the remailer had already violated the sender's
privacy by storing identifying information, then your hunt would stop right The remailers have found from experience that it's easier to simply not store
unneeccessary identifying information on the sender in the first place, rather than spending money on needless litigation trying to keep it confidential later on.
How would your proposal be implemented?  Some international law requiring
remailers to start keeping logs of their users' e-mail?  By your own admission,
all it would take is one hold out who refused to host "Big Brother Inside" to
defeat your scheme.

@_date: 1997-12-22 02:09:30
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
I'm assuming that you really meant to refer to libel (written) rather than
slander (verbal).  I suspect that there is very little that can be done, and
that holds true for non-anonymous posts as well.  Just looking at some of the
massive cross-posts with subject lines that say "So-and-so is a pedophile"
(some of them with Netcom addresses who seem to be able to hang onto their
accounts despite making such accusations), I'd say that usenet is a different ballgame from the print media where for-profit publishers have deeper pockets.
The problem with tort laws is that to successfully sue for libel you have to prove damages as well as prove that what was said was false.  Thus, you'd have to prove to a jury that someone made a defamatory statement about you that was false, that people believed it, and that your reputation has suffered measurably as a result.  Identifying the person who posted the message is only a small part of the problem.
Moreover, if the plaintiff has attained the status of a "public figure", he
has to prove additionally that the defendant KNOWINGLY and MAILICIOUSLY published FALSE information.  Thus, if you said that Clinton sexually harassed Paula Jones, it's unlikely that the President could sue you and win.  He'd have
to prove that you knew the accusation was false and made it anyway with
malicious intent.
The problem with libel via usenet is that in order to win you'd have to
prove that you had an impeccable reputation until someone defamed you with
a usenet post, people believed the post, and now your name is mud because of
it.  An anonymous post would be even more problematic, since you'd have to
persuade a jury that people who'd previously believed you to be a fine
upstanding netizen were convinced otherwise by a nameless accuser.  Usually
the people who will believe dirt about someone are those who already suspect
he's a no-good-so-and-so, so it'd be hard to make a legal case for his reputation being diminished.
That's probably reason enough for someone who truly needs anonymity to avoid
such a service.  The problem is that once it's known that the identifying
information exists somewhere, the keeper of that information becomes a
target for coercion, bribery, hacking, burglary, etc.
If someone has already been convicted of an offense that involved the
internet, it might be possible to suggest that one condition of any probation
or parole be to avoid using the internet, similar to what happens when one is
convicted of drunk driving.  Many jurisdictions allow victim input into the
sentencing/parole process.
(I'm not advocating this, merely pointing out that it's possible.)
No, actually he was saying that he wasn't worrying about someone doing it TO
HIM, but he was worrying (vicariously) about other potential victims.  Yes,
usenet is a different story and by its very nature it can never be totally
offense-free.  The best remedy there is to use a killfile, or even avoid some
NGs altogether, especially unmoderated ones, where one is likely to be offended
by what he reads.
The problem is that devising workable solutions to problems that don't yet
exist is much more difficult that resolving problems that do already exist.
And that's doubly true if the person refuses to implement the preventive
measures already suggested.  It's sort of like saying, "Why should I be careful
with that hot coffee?  I'll just wait until it spills and injures me, then
I can sue someone!"
It wasn't intended as universal advice.  But since his premise was that 'Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals"', it seemed a
wise precaution FOR HIM to take if he wanted to prevent any of those "criminals" from bothering him.
I do too.  But his premise was used to support his suggested remedy.  If an anonymous user is NOT presumed to be a criminal, then you can't justify treating him like one.
So true ... of remailers, of Netcom and AOL accounts, usenet, and the internet in general.  But they'll only ruin it if you let them.  Trolls and flaming predate the internet itself and go back to Fidonet and BBSes in general.  (I wouldn't doubt that people were lamenting the misuse of free
speech back in ancient Greece.)
It's sort of like cable TV.  There's enough bandwidth (excluding outright
spammers for the moment) that you can choose the "channels" with what you
perceive to have a sufficient signal to noise ratio, and avoid the rest.
Everyone has his own threshold.  That's why many NGs come in both
moderated and unmoderated flavors.
In an imperfect world, you often have to settle for the best you can get, being
careful that you don't enact a cure that's worse than the disease.
You wouldn't.  But if you'd jumped through all the hoops to hunt down the
anonymous annoyance and the trail led to Argentina, then the spirit of
non-cooperation between the Brits and the Argentines might well mean that
the trail ends right there.  Or take it a step further.  Suppose the Argentine
remailer cooperated, and told the authorities that the message in question
was chained through a remailer in Germany.  And so on...
Politas' solution is conditioned on an ideal world where everyone cooperated
with everyone else.  What he cited as the protection an anonymous poster
would have against an oppresive regime is also why his scheme would not work.
Very little in the way of abuse goes on on the Internet that would be
universally recognized as criminal by EVERY country.  Not all countries
deem copyright violations, posting kiddie porn, libel, blasphemy, sedition,
posting birth control information, or even bomb-making recipes as actionable
offenses worthy of governmental intervention to identify and prosecute the
Take "libel", for example.  Let's suppose a law were enacted today to make
defaming the President of the United States a criminal offense.  How much
success do you think you'd have in forcing a remailer in Libya or Iraq to
aid in hunting down such an offender?

@_date: 1997-12-22 04:46:56
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
First of all, I was not aware that Politas was running a pager company
when I suggested that it might be difficult for HIM to ask the telephone
company to block all calls from pagers.  Presumably an individual would
have a lot less clout in such situations than a high volume customer such
as a paging company might have.
Second, as you can probably tell from his return address, Politas is located in Australia, where different rules apply.
Third, I doubt that the telecommunications industry is any more difficult
to keep up with than any other industry, provided you have some need to do
so.  Of the thousands of industries out there, telecommunications is not one
that I follow intensely.
Just don't sign up for pager service with a company that blocks calls from
pay phones, then.  Then you don't have to try to re-educate everyone whenever
the definition of "real phone" changes.  Let the pager companies pass along
the surcharge to customers who choose to be pager-accessible from pay phones.
I figure if an extra 18.5 cents is going to make that much of a difference to
me, I probably didn't want to talk to that person that badly, anyway.  So I'd
either opt to not pay extra for 800 access, and let people page me at their
own expense, or else be more selective who I gave my toll-free access
number to.
I have a friend who has basic pager service with a local, non-toll-free
access number.  He also has separate 800 service that rings through to his
pager number.  The more expensive 800 number is given out more selectively
than the local number.

@_date: 1997-12-22 23:32:45
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
If your local telephone company will provide you with that service, that's great.  I suspect that it's not universally available, especially in Australia where the person I was replying to lives.  But, as you pointed out, you can always ASK.  The worst they can say is no -- or maybe "Chuck U. Farley", if you catch the customer "service" person in a bad mood. Could be.  I was only trying to deal with the options available to him here and
now, just as I was dealing with the remailer network at it exists here and now.
The big difference between the two is that he PAYS to be connected to the
phone company's network, so that gives him a little bargaining power in
asking for certain features.
The remailers, in contrast, don't charge you for receiving mail and your two
existing options are to use the net as it currently exists or disconnect
yourself from it with a blocking request.
It's sort of like public television.  You've got a user community and a
much smaller support community.  Comments from users get considered, of
course, but I'm sure that suggestions from actual supporters carry a bit
more weight.
Of course.  One does have to make a decision whether its worthwhile to pay
the extra fee for the convenience of someone being able to page him toll-free from a pay phone.  Those who don't allow SELECTIVE blocking and who pass the
costs on to all subscribers will eventually lose most of their customers who don't want to subsidize a service they don't want or use.  Their prices will
become non-competitive.
Just like the internet, there are a lot of newbies to pagers, cell phones, PCS,
etc. who don't know all their available options.  That will change with time.
But if you get your "expert advice" from the sales droid of the week at your local Radio Shack...
Technology is currently progressing faster than our human protocols can keep
up with.  But I'm confident that the lag time will be relatively short.  For example, people have now adapted their own sense of manners and propriety to deal with such things as unsolicited calls from telemarketers.  When someone
calls you, it's usually impolite to hang up on them.  Many now make an
exception for junk calls from telemarketers.  Some phone company even offer
a service where you can press a *xx code, hang up, and the telemarketer will
be told that you don't accept such calls and be requested to add your number to
his do not call list.
There was an ongoing debate a few years ago when caller ID was first introduced
involving the usage of caller ID, caller ID blocking, and even "blocker
blocking".  Ultimately when it's all sorted out we'll wind up with more choices
than we had to start with.  The phone number that you're calling from is now
an item of data which can be OPTIONALLY transmitted along with the phone call.
And the omission of that data, by way of caller ID blocking, is itself a
data item.  The technology exists to take certain actions based on that data
interchange.  The hardest part is DECIDING how one wishes to use that data.
Will I accept calls with caller ID blocked?  Will I block caller ID on my
outgoing calls by default?  Will I create an access list of calls of numbers
allowed to ring my phone?  Will I block the blocked calls altogether or merely
divert them to my answering machine for screening?
Perhaps this serves as a useful model in analyzing anonymous communications in
general, particularly e-mail.  Are people who e-mail anonymously or who call
from pay phones to be considered "criminals" or otherwise viewed with
suspicion?  Should we require some form of positive identification, such as
a government issued and escrowed crypto key, to authenticate all forms of
communications, even calls from pay phones?
As you've probably guessed, I'm against limiting those options.  People who
wish to communicate anonymously (truly anonymously, not the model suggested
where you reveal your identity to someone and have to trust him to keep it
confidential) should be allowed to do so.  And people who don't wish to receive such communications should have the option of not receiving them.
The unblockable call tracing technologies you've mentioned will make the use
of pay phones more popular with people who value their privacy.  Like
unlisted numbers, the security of the data gathered by such systems is no
greater than the willingness of a telco employee to refuse a bribe.  Watch for
even more proposals to make the use of pay phones less convenient or less
private.  It's already happening.  Some large cities, for example, have
strongarmed the phone companies to replace the normal push button pay phones
with the old rotary dial style just to prevent people from using them to page
drug dealers!  Of course, you can't use them to page anyone else, either, or
to access your own voice mail, or avail yourself of any service that utilizes
data entry via DTMF tones.  All in the name of "keeping us safe".

@_date: 1997-12-23 02:31:07
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
That's a decision each individual has to make.  Usenet is full of blowhards
that keep threatening to sue over real or imagined grievances, but never do.
You're merely pointing out the impracticalities of Politas' suggestions about
punishing usenet wrongdoers.  Why go to the bother of implementing protocols
which invade the privacy of innocent users just to catch the occasional law
breaker if it's not worth the cost and trouble to sue the culprit once he's That and the fact that it's easier to prove actual damages via the print media
because people tend to believe paper and ink more than they do usenet posts.
Usenet posts are taken with a grain (or ton) of salt by most readers.
You'd also have to prove that the person who repeated it didn't already think
you were a n'eer-do-well prior to the post.  If somebody already thinks you're a shady character and a post merely reinforces that belief, it'd be hard to make a case that your reputation had been damaged by that post.  The case you'd have to make is that a person previously thought your character was impeccable until an anonymous post convinced him that you were a scoundrel.  I suspect that would be a hard sell with most juries.  Most people put the credibility of usenet posts (even non-anonymous ones) on par with things they find scrawled on rest room walls.
And it's not much better with non-anonymous posts.  When confronted with making
a defamatory post, one can always claim that it was forged, or that someone
hacked his account, stole his password, or used a terminal that was inadvertently left logged in while the person was at lunch to make the defamatory post without his knowledge or consent.  Without some reliable means of authentication, such as PGP signing, how are you going to prove that the person named as the poster really posted it?  Inserting a remailer into this scenario only adds an additional link to an already tenuous chain of evidence.
The person could easily justify saving the evidence to be used in his defense for a courtroom rather than revealing it on usenet, though.  A "post evidence or shut up" challenge really does nothing to put a person on notice that his claims are false.  It's always possible that the statements were true and that the challenger is bluffing in the hope that the accuser really has no evidence.  Remember, the test is whether the poster KNEW his statements were True.  I was talking about the case of a third-party who could have been
acting on his belief, perhaps wrong, that Paula Jones was telling the truth.
Apply the rationale you previously suggested to this case.  Suppose I say
that Clinton sexually harassed Paula Jones and he challenged me to "post the
evidence or shut up".  Would that demand obligate me to shut up?  Would it
somehow put me on notice that Clinton was innocent?  I don't think so.
I would not assume the motives of a person willing to engage in such tactics
to be honorable ones.  It could just as easily be a person out to exact
revenge on a whistleblower.  Look at the person who blew the whistle on the
tobacco industry.  Imagine if he'd done it anonymously.  Imagine if the next
person in that position decides he doesn't want to become a target by
revealing his identity.  It's hardly a case of using a site in an abusive
fashion, but it still might get the attention of someone wanting desperately
to identify and silence a "trouble maker" like that.
Requiring a remailer operator to store data that could later be used to
prosecute an accused criminal also makes that same data vulnerable to compromise by those with no legally defensible need to gain access to it.
A "black bag job" is often more expedient than going through the proper legal
I assumed that apprehension and prosecution would precede sentencing.  You did
state that "the law has already been broken", and that is a decision for a judge and jury to decide, so I assumed that it had already been made in a I was dealing with Politas' specific concern.  Not only did he state that the
problem didn't exist, but he doubted that it ever would be a problem FOR HIM.  I made no attempt to generalize the answer, only deal with Politas' concerns that were motivating his call for changes.
I'm not sure about Australia, but that's true in the United States.  The
Supreme Court has ruled that prior restraint, based on what someone MIGHT do,
is an unconstitutional infringement upon freedom of speech.
And I've never been injured by spilling hot coffee in my lap either, but
common sense dictates that I should take reasonable precautions to prevent it
before it happens.  You presumably lock your front door when you leave, even
if you've never been burglarized, right?
Remember, we're operating from Politas' premise that the only people who use
anonymous communications are "criminals", so unless he has some reason for
wanting to hear from "criminals", HE has no excuse not to pre-emptively block
anonymous mail.  YMMV, of course.
If by "suspect" you mean someone that you have REASONABLE CAUSE to believe
is committing a crime, you have a number of legal remedies.  A US Attorney
could get a search warrant for the suspect's computer(s), subpoena his ISP's
access logs, perhaps even request a wiretap on his link to the internet.  In
a civil case you'd have to do the legwork yourself, but I'm sure that many
of the same tools are available.
But if you had an identifiable suspect in mind, then his attempts at
remaining anonymous would have been for naught.  Maintaining one's privacy
requires more than just technology.
If you didn't have probable cause, but had narrowed it down to a short list
of potential culprits, then you might wish to engage the services of a private
investigator with expertise on the internet to assist you.  (You could also
hire your friendly neighborhood hacker for a lot less, but you'd be assuming
a lot more liability for any illegalities in his "investigation" than you
would in dealing with a licensed, bonded professional.)
That was my point.  Politas' contention that remailers were being used to
perpetrate crimes that are prosecutable in EVERY COUNTRY is hard to believe.
There are crimes that fall into that category, of course, but I can't think
of one that's possible to commit anonymously via a remailer.
Most countries, I suspect, would be even less likely to intervene against
an innocent third party, the remailer operator, to subpoena confidential
data for the sake of a civil matter between two foreign individuals.
The lessons of the Church of Scientology vs. Julf debacle have hopefully
been learned and it won't easily be repeated.  The fact that a single
(vulnerable) individual stood between a dissident poster and a litigious organization served as a wake-up call to many remailer users.  Many will now accept nothing less than REAL anonymity, not the snake oil "trust me, I'm from
the government" approach to privacy and personal security that some want.

@_date: 1997-12-23 03:21:48
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Remailer Logs (and Accountability) 
I suspect that if you polled remailer operators you'd find that some
keep logs and some don't.  I don't know about the Replay remailer.  Perhaps
Alex DeJoode (the operator of the Replay remailer) would care to comment.  Nor can logs necessarily positively identify you.  If kept, they would record when your message came in and when the post to usenet went out, but *PROBABLY* would not establish a conclusive link between the two.  Many remailers maintain a "reordering pool" where forwarded messages do not necessarily get sent out in the order they were received.
If you're concerned about backwards traceability via remailer logs, then
encrypt and chain your posts through several remailers.  If you do that,
your identity is protected unless *ALL* of the remailers kept logs and their
operators *ALL* cooperated in the effort to identify you.  If even one of the
remailers in the chain doesn't keep logs, then the trail back to you stops
right there.
IMO, any remailer operator that keeps logs is inviting trouble, but that's
their choice.  Some remailers are hosted on ISPs that automatically keep logs
and it is quite beyond the remailer operator's control.
If you sent this message directly to the replay.com remailer and didn't
encrypt it, then anyone along the electronic path between you and the
Replay remailer could have read it and known who posted it.  If you
PGP encrypted it, then it would take Alex DeJoode's cooperation to identify
you, assuming he kept logs.  If you had used encrypted chaining through at least three remailers, then no single person (except you) would know both
the source and final destination of the message.  The first remailer would
know who sent it but not where it was headed.  The second remailer would know
neither.  The third remailer would only know its destination (usenet) but not
its source.

@_date: 1997-12-23 10:12:16
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
Then what's the point of going to all the trouble of tracking someone down if
you're unwilling or unable to take appropriate legal action against him
after he's found?
I don't recall ever saying that.  How do you run a person out of
an unmoderated NG?  And if it's moderated, and the moderator is allowing what
you consider libel against you, then you probably have a case against him.
That's what the courts decided in a landmark case against an ISP.  When you
manage the content then you become responsible for it as well.
Nor do I understand the "who refuses to be killfilable" part, either.  How can
someone you don't even know control your killfile?  I can killfile anyone I
want to, including "nobody at some_remailer".  I haven't killfiled anyone, but
I could do so if I wanted to.
Why would that prevent you from contacting the police?  But consider that libel is a civil tort not a criminal offense, so the police aren't likely to get involved, even if you could identify the culprit.
Using a remailer does not make a person unidentifiable, just untraceable.
There is a difference.
And probably no more so than pay phones or Netcom accounts.
Sounds the same to me.  I don't know how you could have one without the other.
Banks are a poor analogy, because anonymity is more analogous to paying cash.
When you sign your name to a check, you're already identifying yourself.
Banking is an inherently identity-based institution.  You're asking someone
to trust you, and it's up to you to prove yourself to be trustworthy.
A check is made valuable or worthless by virtue of the validity of its signature.  Ideas can be evaluated on their own merit, just like paper
currency can.  I don't need to see two forms of ID to determine whether that
$100 bill you just handed me is genuine or counterfeit.
The solution being what?  Surrendering freedom for the sake of supposed
security?  I don't see that there is necessarily a dilemma between protecting
victims versus preserving the freedoms of average citizens.
It seems that every solution I offer Politas' is countered with a "yeah, but what about .... " objection.  In an imperfect world, government cannot completely protect people from themselves.
I'm really trying to understand what Politas' wants, but it's difficult.  I've
suggested several solutions to his hypothetical problems that don't infringe
on the freedoms of the innocent, but each is quickly rejected.

@_date: 1997-12-23 23:47:37
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Accountability and Traceless Remailers 
You're missing the point.  You would have already made that decision before
you started the ball rolling.  By your own scenario, you'd already have filed
a court case and presented PROBABLE CAUSE that the law had been violated in
order to convince a judge to start issuing subpoenas, etc.
Do you really think the legal systems of several sovreign countries would go
to all this effort to identify a person that you only *MIGHT* want to sue?
If you caused all this expense and then decided not to sue, they'd be well justified in BILLING YOU for all the costs incurred.  Short of an outright criminal act where the government intervenes and prosecutes, in most civil cases it's customary for the accuser (plaintiff) to pay all of the costs in advance, then attempt to collect them from the defendant.  If you file a frivolous case, then later drop it, you're still stuck with paying the fees.
What's more, if you do all that, the person you tracked down (but never proved
any wrongdoing against) would have a perfect case to countersue you for
invasion of privacy.
If you're easily offended, then an unmoderated usenet NG is not the place for
you.  I don't think you could ever enact enough laws to force people to be
nice to each other.
Then your beef is with ISPs like Netcom and AOL, not the remailers.  AOLers can
change screen names at will, and Netcom subscribers are free to put just
about anything in the From: line that they choose to.  I'm just citing two
examples.  The vast majority of the people giving usenet a bad name are doing
so with non-anonymous accounts at ISPs that couldn't care less what their
users say or do.  As I said before, just visit some of the usenet NGs where
people are being called "pedophiles" by people posting under their own user
IDs from well known ISPs.  That's about as clear-cut case of libel as you're
going to get (unless everyone so accused really is a pedophile) and yet I'll
bet that if I complained to the ISPs that nothing would be done.  I have no
reason to do so, but it's hard to believe that somebody hasn't complained by
now, and yet the flamers still have their accounts.  If the present system
is incapable of dealing with identifiable offenders, why worry about the few
anonymous ones among them?  Presumably if you track an anonymous poster down to an account at one of these ISPs, you'll be no better off than with those who now do the same thing openly.
You've also now switched the subject from arguably illegal behavior to that
which is merely annoying.  I'm not even sure that accusing a person of child
molestation in the context of an ongoing flame battle constitutes a winnable
case of libel, but it's the closest I can come.
That's still your decision.  But if the person isn't "worth suing" by whatever
standards you use, then it doesn't matter whether he's anonymous or not.
That's like saying that you can't identify a masked bank robber just because
you didn't see him drive up and happen to take down his license number.  Bank
robbers are convicted all the time, even if they couldn't be identified at the
scene.  They were overheard planning the crime before hand.  They were caught
bragging about it afterwards.  They were caught spending the stolen money.  A
few stupid ones even visited the bank again without a mask to transact normal
business and a teller recognized their voice.
Thus, it is possible to deter and prosecute bank robbers without fingerprinting
everyone who merely walks into the bank.
You'd like them to be, but they aren't.
No, I'm saying that FORCING remailer operators to collect this information
from their users is unacceptable.  The banks are doing what they believe to
be in their own best interests, just as the remailers are.
What you're proposing is like refusing cash and requiring that people pay via
traceable check.  I'm proposing giving people the option of doing either.  If
you don't want to accept cash in payment, nobody will force you to.  But don't
impose that rule on everyone else.
Under Australian law, perhaps, but not US.  We have a "Bill of Rights" here,
not a "list of optional privileges".  Our Supreme Court has already ruled
that anonymous speech is protected under the First Amendment to our
constitution.  Yes, free speech can be revoked if it's misused, but that's
only AFTER an offense has occurred and a proper restraining order has been
obtained.  What you're proposing requires a breach of one's privacy BEFORE any law has been broken.
Maybe Australia didn't experiment with such things as Prohibition, then.
Neither is the alternative.  You don't punish a person until AFTER he's been
convicted.  You say "anonymity is a privilege", but your proposal doesn't even
allow that.  How can I be ANONYMOUS if I have to IDENTIFY myself first?  I'd
lose the privilege before I even received it.  If I have to tell somebody who
I am, then I'm not anonymous.
In most free countries, the burden of proof is on the accuser.  What you're
proposing is like demanding that since you feel that your neighbor is a
"suspicious character", he ought to be required to wear an electronic device
at all times so that *IF* he should do something wrong, he can be traced.  That
technology exists, but it's only used after a person has been convicted and is
then released on probation or parole.
There's nothing in your scenario that couldn't be put in place AFTER you'd
shown probable cause that a law was being broken via a remailer.  The picture
that both you and Gary have painted is of a repeated pattern of offenses.
If you could demonstrate that the law was being broken, you could get the
proper courts to order that this tracing be instituted, for a limited period
of time, until the culprit was caught or the wrongdoing ended.  Why subject
all remailer users to this in advance just in case something MIGHT happen?
BTW, I'm not endorsing this compromise idea, just pointing out that less
onerous measures exist than what you're suggesting.
You're changing the scenario.  It's more like going into a country where
Australians are unpopular and being called names.  You have your choice of
returning to that country or not.  Usenet is not in such a state that when
somebody calls you names on the playground you can call in a NetCop to
make those mean kids stop calling you names.
Even under you proposal, I doubt that you'd find a single country where
remailers are allowed to operate that would force a remailer operator to
violate a user's privacy over a usenet flame attack.
If you wander into a NG where someone doesn't like you, you can either stick
around and defend yourself, flame the person back, or move along.
Now what sort of usenet "mugging" did you have in mind that you think ALL the
governments under which remailers operate would be willing to exert their
legal clout to identify and prosecute the perpetrator?  Can you cite one
example, perhaps, of a real case in which your proposal would have been

@_date: 1997-12-25 02:27:52
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Completely anonymous communications ARE only for "Criminals" 
If your decision to sue or not sue is based on the deepness of the
defendant's pockets, and if you didn't know this until after he was
identified, then you very might well end up tracking down and
identifying someone that a lawyer wouldn't be willing so sue (on a
contingency fee basis), right?
My question was, if Politas' suggestions were implemented and an
unknown individual was tracked down using the procedure he outlined,
and it turns out the individual was "judgement proof", who's going
to pay for the costs of the investigation?
Otherwise, you end up with an "in terrorem" remedy.  That's one that
you probably wouldn't or couldn't aqctually use, but the potential
to do so might serve as a deterrent.  Unfortunately, when free
speech is involved, that's exactly what many of us don't want.  It
cuts both ways.  Look at what the scientologists did to Julf and the
anon.penet.fi remailer.  Alleging some violation of Swedish law,
they almost succeeded in retrieving Julf's entire "traceability"
database linking account names to their "real" owners.  The end
result was that the remailer was destroyed.  Having privacy invading
data like that available put all of Julf's clients at risk.  In the
end, Julf felt that it was better to close down rather than risk
future raids.
That has pretty much driven a nail in the coffin of the sort of
"traceable" remailers Politas is now proposing.  It's a case of
"been there -- done that".  Few people relish ending up on the
Scientologists' (or the next organization like it that comes along)
hit list, and most now realize how vulnerable a remailer operator is
to coercion -- even the "legal" variety.  One doesn't even have to
be an anti-scieno to be a victim of such a raid.  Since they're so
paranoid about anonymity and the ability of people to publish their
"secret scriptures" anonymously, they might just steal such a
database and anonymously publish it themselves.  Outing thousands of
innocent remailer clients would irreparably harm the reputation of
remailers, which would work to their advantage.
I'll even go so far as to say that you'll never be able to eliminate
truly anonymous remailers.  First of all, you'll never get every
single country to adopt Politas' suggestions.  All it takes is one
untraceable remailer in an encrypted chain to make back-tracing a
message impossible (or at least prohibitively costly, in terms of
money, time, and computing resources).
That's one option, but I wouldn't make it a blanket suggestion.
Some ideas are worth defending and some are better off dropped.
I've seen fanatics on some NGs who have attracted exactly ZERO
supporters to their position, and dozens of people rebutting,
flaming, ridiculing them, etc. yet these folks persist.  Ultimately
it's their choice.
Let me cite an example.  I believe the earth is round and presumably
you do too.  But if you visited a NG that was the hangout of dozens
of flat-earthers, you probably wouldn't stick around too long to
argue the point.  At least I know I wouldn't.  Being right doesn't
require you to convince everyone.  You just accept the fact that
some arguments are unwinable and move on to more productive things.
The same could be said for religious or political flame wars.
If I expressed my opinion, and some religious kook accused me of
being the devil incarnate for espousing such heresy, I wouldn't
waste my time trying to netcop the person.  Maybe calling me "the
devil incarnate" is libellous, but IMO it's not worth the time and
effort to pursue.  And that's even with a net.kook who's posting
with a genuine e-mail address and his "real name".  An anonymous
kook is even less worthy of bothering with.
If he crosses the line and commits behavior that is flagrantly
illegal, then he's exposing himself to risk by doing so.  Let's face
it, people may walk down the street with ski masks on, and even if
it annoys you, you're probably not going to be able to unmask them.
If one robs a bank, though, he stands a far greater chance of being
identified and apprehended.  Politas' solution is like requiring
name tags on ski masks.  Let's worry about the bank robbers rather
than the people who wear ski masks.
The bottom line being, if you have a POV you wish to express, and
you encounter opposition in one forum, choose another one.  If you
can't find one, start one.
If he's posting anonymously, then he's easily killfilable.  Just put
the return address of the remailer(s) he's using in your killfile.
If he's not posting anonymously, then that scenario is not related
to remailers.  If you're talking about multiple GENUINE IDs, then
the ISPs involved might be able to help -- assuming he's really
committing abuse OF the net, and not merely being annoying.  If
they're bogus IDs, then his ISP might have a policy about that as
Again, that's a choice you have to weigh.  Take each remailer ID and
decide whether the valuable posts from that ID outweigh the junk.
But, again, annoying posts aren't really what Politas' proposal
dealt with.  He was talking about actual laws being broken.
If you had a matter that truly concerned the police, the lack of a
suspect's name shouldn't hinder you.  After all, if someone had
stolen your car, you'd report it even if you didn't know who did it,
wouldn't you?  As I said previously, many bank robbers are caught
even if they wore masks or drove a car without license plates.
I must have missed that point in following the thread.  If I recall
correctly, I asked him what particular problem he was trying to
solve, since it's easier to solve real, existing problems that
hypothetical ones.  He said that he didn't have any problems like
that himself, and doubted he would because he didn't normally engage
in behavior that would attract enemies, but he was concerned that it
might happen to others.
[Politas:  please feel free to jump in and clarify this point.]

@_date: 1998-01-03 13:09:08
@_author: Charlie Comsec 
@_subject: Remailer Logs (and Accountability) 
Good.  No reason to tempt the Big Brother types (and wannabes).
BTW, people outside the remailer operator and user community seem to
assume that logs ARE kept.  I'm curious to know how often
individuals, organizations, and maybe even governments make requests
for your logs.
Oh ... also, if you don't mind, can you uuencode your /dev/null and
send it to me? Is that default reordering pool size the same for Type I and Type II
Perhaps someone can double-check my math on this.  Assuming
equally-sized messages that are otherwise indistinguishable, and a
reordering pool size of five, then the odds of matching up an
encrypted incoming message with an encrypted outgoing message are
one in five.
Thus a message chained through n remailers (each having a reordering
pool size of 5) would be diffused among 5^n possible messages to
thwart potential traffic analysis.
What I'm unclear on is how setting a Latency:  flag affects the
diffusion of the output.  Is that lattency IN ADDITION to the pool
size of five, or does Latency:  +00:00 bypass the reordering process
My main concern is the security of chained reply blocks which are
more vulnerable to attack than normal anonymous messages.  A single
anonymous message can only be traced BACKWARDS after it's been
received.  An anonymous reply, OTOH, could, theoretically, be
"walked" through each remailer in the chain until the identity of
the recipient was discovered.  While that process would require
convincing each remailer operator in the chain to cooperate, it's a
lot more feasible than tracing a message backwards to its source.
(Yes, I know about posting to a public message pool, such as a.a.m,
but NG posting seems to be rather unreliable lately.)
