
@_date: 1995-09-20 12:24:53
@_author: Peter Conrad 
@_subject: Linking = Showing = Transferring? 
Not directly, but... what if for some strange reason the image is routed
through US gateways on its way from the UK to, for example, Germany?
I mean, The Net (tm) is a strange beast, and you can rarely tell which way
the message flows... you can't even DO anything about it.

@_date: 1996-02-08 01:26:00
@_author: Peter Conrad 
@_subject: Fair Credit Reporting Act and Privacy Act 
This is not true. Individuals are not required to register anything, the
BDSG simply does not apply do them (see. Par. 1 Section (2) ).
Businesses are required to register (besides their address and the kind
of business they do) a person who is responsible for any personal
information they want to keep and a general description of the kind of
data they intend to keep (see Par. 32 Sect. (2) ).
Computers are hardly mentioned anywhere in the BDSG, in fact, most of it
applies to any method of processing personal information. It doesn't
matter if a business keeps data printed on paper or stored in a computer.
Oh well. In the past buyers and sellers have always found each other
without keeping large databases. Most buyers are quite capable of finding
appropriate sellers (that's what advertisement and commercials are good
for).  The goal of the BDSG is to give the individual control of information
kept about him.
An example: The Deutsche Bundesbahn issues so-called 'BahnCards'. If you
buy a BahnCard you can use the Bundesbahn-trains for half the normal price.
Until a couple of months ago, the Bundesbahn gave all the information they
got from their BahnCard customers to the Citybank AG. The Citybank AG
sent their junkmail to all Bahncard customers and tried to make them get
a credit-card. This was in violation of the BDSG. And I still know where
to get a credit-card if I want one.
Oh yes it does. The same rules (or even stricter ones) that apply to
businesses apply to all government organizations. If any government
organization (even the police) violates the BDSG you have the right to
file a lawsuit against the organization (or the individual who violated
your rights).
You sometimes have no choice.
Those of you capable of understanding german might take a look at
NB: I subscribe to this list through a digest only. Please CC: me on
    followups.
