
@_date: 1994-04-04 12:04:32
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Electronic Purse Press Release (Originally Re: VISA's digital cash) 
I was sent this by a friend today. It is the original press release:
PR NEWSWIRE
03/22 VISA ESTABLISHES INTERNATIONAL CONSORTIUM FOR ELECTRONIC PURSE
      SPECIFICATIONS
  SAN FRANCISCO, March 22 /PRNewswire/ -- Visa today formed an international
consortium of market leaders in the consumer payments industry to develop
common specifications for a new way to pay -- an "Electronic Purse," a card
with a micro chip that can be used instead of cash and coins for everything
from vending machines to public transportation.
  The Electronic Purse would consist of a micro-chip embedded in a credit
card, debit card, or stand alone card to store value electronically.  The card
would replace cash and coins for small-ticket purchases (less than U.S. $10),
such as gasoline stations, pay phones, road/bridge tolls, video games, school
cafeterias, fast food restaurants, convenience stores, and cash lanes at
supermarkets. Cardholders can "reload" the micro-chip and control the amount
of value stored in the card's memory.  The Electronic Purse provides
cardholders with the security and convenience of carrying less cash and coins,
eliminating the need for exact change.  Many participants in this worldwide
effort are currently pilot testing electronic purse products, additional
pilots are expected in late 1995.
  Joining forces with Visa to develop international technical specifications
for the Electronic Purse are: Banksys; Electronic Payment Services, Inc.,
(EPS); Financial Information Systems Center, (FISC); Groupement des Cartes
Bancaires, (CB); NationsBank Corporation; Sociedad Espanola de Medios de Pago,
(SEMP); Sociedade Interbancaria de Servicos, S.A., (SIBS); and Wachovia
Corporation.  To ensure worldwide representation, limited additional payment
systems that have invested energies in open-market electronic purse projects,
will be invited to join.  In addition, Visa will form a parallel group with
technology companies to ensure the specifications support low-cost, efficient
production of necessary equipment.
  "The goal of our combined efforts is to lead the market into the next
frontier of payment processing -- the automation of cash and coins," said Ed
Jensen, president and chief executive officer, Visa International. "The highly
complementary capabilities of the participating companies will allow us to
address issues for all aspects of smart card-based electronic purse solutions,
including the cards themselves, point-of-sale systems, networks and back-end
interchange and settlement systems."
  This announcement reflects Visa's commitment to providing superior,
convenient payment services to its member financial institutions who serve
consumers and merchants around the globe.  The consortium was formed in
response to member requests that Visa take the lead in facilitating the
addition of an electronic purse to existing credit and debit cards, as well as
the introduction of a stand alone card.  Visa will leverage its global brand
presence by teaming up with strategic partners to develop common standards.
  "The most critical step in making this concept a global market reality is
the definition of open standards that can be shared among all participants,"
said Wesley Tallman, president, Visa Products and Information Services.
"Recognizing that important domestic electronic purse developments are
underway, the consortium will leverage the expertise of all participants.
Group 'knowledge sharing,' especially with our European participants that have
made significant advancements in the chip card arena, will facilitate the
development of a specification that is relevant to markets worldwide."  The
technological specifications will govern the standards needed to establish an
infrastructure that supports electronic purse payments.
  The worldwide market for automating cash transactions remains virtually
untapped.  According to the Bank for International Settlement, consumer cash
transactions in the U.S. alone exceed 300 billion per year.  By contrast,
bank-facilitated consumer transactions, such as credit and debit cards,
checks, and wire transfers total only 60 billion per year.  As these figures
indicate, there is a vast market potential for automating cash transactions.
"EPS has been investing significant resources to develop smart card solutions
since 1991," stated David Van Lear, chairman and chief executive officer of
Electronic Payment Services, Inc.  "Combining the resources of these industry
leaders will accelerate market acceptance."
  Just as the standard operating environments have fueled the growth of the
personal computer industry, the specifications that emerge from this
collective effort will provide the essential framework to ensure
compatibility, reduce development time and cost, and open up the market for
  International payment system participants included in this cooperative
effort are:
  Banksys -- based in Brussels, Belgium, is a leading European specialist in
electronic funds transfer (EFT) and payment security. Banksys operates the
automated teller machine (ATM) and point-of-sale (POS) network on behalf of
all card issuing banks in Belgium.  Besides Belgium, 10 other countries are
equipped with the Banksys system. Banksys is entrusted with the development of
the Belgian Electronic Purse project, with pilot testing expected to begin in
December 1994.
  Electronic Payment Services, Inc.(EPS) -- based in Wilmington, Del., is the
leading electronic funds transfer company in the United States with an annual
transaction volume of 1.7 billion.  EPS is the holding company for BUYPASS
Corporation and MONEY ACCESS SERVICE INC., operator of the MAC(R) network.
  Financial Information Systems Center (FISC) -- based in Taipei, Taiwan, is a
government organization that supports electronic purse initiatives in that
country.  Through its members, FISC has issued 80 thousand integrated circuit
cards and has installed more than one thousand point-of-sale systems with
integrated circuit card readers.
  Groupement des Cartes Bancaires (CB) -- based in Paris, is the country's
payment cards organization that has succeeded in launching the world's largest
integrated circuit card program, with more than 22 million cards in
circulation generating 2.2 billion transactions per year.
  NationsBank Corporation -- headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is the third
largest banking company in the United States with approximately $158 billion
in assets, more than 1,900 retail banking centers in nine states and the
District of Columbia, and consumer offices in 33 states. NationsBank is a
financial services company providing products and services nationally and
internationally to individuals, businesses, corporations, institutional
investors and government agencies.
  Sociedad Espanola de Medios de Pago (SEMP) -- based in Madrid, SEMP is a
sister company of Visa Espana, a group member of Visa banks in Spain.  SEMP
operates Sermepa, the card processing company of Visa Espana.
  Sociedade Interbancaria de Servicos, S.A., (SIBS) -- based in Lisbon,
Portugal, is the country's leading bank payments company which provides
electronic clearing services and operates the national Multibanco ATM and
EFT/POS networks.  As an extension to its service offerings, SIBS, is
introducing the Multibanco Electronic Purse, (MEP).
  Visa International -- headquartered in the United States, is the world's
leading consumer payments system with more than 333 million cards issued, more
than 11 million acceptance locations, and the largest global ATM network.
  Wachovia Corporation -- with dual headquarters in Atlanta, and
Winston-Salem, N.C., is one of the United States' leading debit card issuers
and provides credit card services to three million cardholders nationwide.
  /NOTE TO EDITORS:  In December 1993 Visa International, MasterCard
International and Europay announced an agreement to form a joint working
group to develop a common set of technical specifications for the  integration
of microprocessor chips in payment cards -- commonly known  as "Integrated
Circuit," "Chip," and "Smart" cards.  The electronic  currency specifications
referenced in this release will enable the  electronic purse application to be
added to the integrated circuit  cards./
    /CONTACT:  Albert Coscia of Visa, 415-432-2039/
09:05 EST
PR NEWSWIRE
03/28 VISA TECHNOLOGY GROUP SUPPORTS ELECTRONIC PURSE SPECIFICATIONS
  SAN FRANCISCO, March 28 /PRNewswire/ -- Visa today announced the formation
of a technology group of international manufacturers to support the adaptation
of specifications for a variety of technologies that will facilitate the
issuance and acceptance of the "Electronic Purse" -- a payment card that
stores value electronically and is designed to replace cash and coins for a
wide range of low-value (under U.S. $10) consumer payments.
  The technology group will work with Visa who recently formed an
international consortium of payment systems that will develop common
specifications for Electronic Purse programs.  Because plans are underway for
the card to be used globally in a variety of venues -- including, gas/petrol
stations, grocery stores, convenience stores, fast food restaurants, school
cafeterias, and for such routine items as telephone calls from pay phones,
road/bridge tolls and video games -- a number of technologies required to
support card acceptance in global markets will be examined by the group.
  The first suppliers to join the international technology group are VeriFone,
Inc., the leading global provider of point-of-sale transaction systems, and
Gemplus, SCA, the world's leading manufacturer of smart cards.  VeriFone and
Gemplus have formed a joint venture, called VeriGem, to pursue electronic
purse opportunities.  To ensure worldwide representation, additional
technology leaders who have invested energies in electronic purse applications
will be invited to join the group.
  In addition to acceptance technologies, "loading" systems that enable
cardholders to restore currency value into the micro chip will also be
analyzed.  Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) are expected to play an important
role in loading value into the electronic purse. Future loading methods, such
as specialized devices located at merchant locations or in the home, will also
be explored.  Operating both the largest international consumer payment
network, VisaNet, and the world's largest ATM network puts Visa in a unique
position to lead this global effort.
  "As with all emerging technologies, consultation with suppliers responsible
for physically implementing the technology is critical to ensuring the
viability of the product design," said Wesley Tallman, president, Visa
Products and Information Services. "As market leaders in the payment systems
field, all of those who have joined us in this initiative are truly partners
in paving this 'express lane' of the electronic payment superhighway."
  Tallman emphasized that the technology group will be charged with ensuring
that the specifications developed by the consortium support low-cost,
efficient production of necessary systems and equipment.
  This group approach has been a key tool in support of Visa's product and
market development efforts.  In December 1992, Visa formed a manufacturer's
group to support development efforts for security specifications of integrated
circuits on payment cards. Still active today, this group lends critical
on-going support and expertise to Visa's chip card efforts.  Participants in
this international group include: Bull, CPS (France); Gemplus, (France);
Giesecke and Devrient (Germany); Schlumberger Industries (France); and Toshiba
Corporation (Japan).  Visa expects and welcomes the participation of these and
other technology partners in the electronic purse effort.
  Hatim Tyabji, chairman, president and chief executive officer of VeriFone,
agreed with the need for a supplier's group that would lend systems expertise
to this effort.  "Establishing worldwde specifications is the essential first
step in the global standardization of the electronic purse, uniting all
industry participants on a common playing field with a common set of rules.
The endorsement and support of the electronic purse by Visa, its member banks
and leading worldwide payment systems send a strong message to the industry --
the electronic purse is no longer merely a possibility, but a real market
direction," said Tyabji.
  "With their high storage capacity, programmability and increasing
affordability, smart cards are now poised to move beyond specialized
applications and become a truly universal payment medium," said Dr. Marc
Lassus, president and chief executive officer of Gemplus.  "We share the
consortium's vision of the electronic purse, and are excited about helping to
bring speed, reliability and efficiency of smart card-based electronic cash to
markets around the globe."
  Visa International, headquartered in San Francisco, California, is the
world's leading consumer payments system with more than 333 million cards
issued, more than 11 million acceptance locations, and the largest global ATM
  VeriFone, Inc., based in Redwood City, California, is a leading global
provider of Transaction Automation solutions used to deliver payment
processing and other transaction services to various retail market segments,
as well as the healthcare and government benefits market.  The company has
more than 30 facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and the United States.
To date, VeriFone has shipped more than 3.4 million Transaction Automation
systems, which have been installed in more than 70 countries.  Net revenues in
1993 were U.S. $258.9 million.
  Gemplus Card International, based in Gemenos, France, is the leading
worldwide manufacturer of smart cards.  Gemplus' cards are used for secure
transactions in public and cellular telephone, banking, pay TV,
transportation, healthcare and defense applications.  The company has three
manufacturing facilities: two near Marseilles, France, and one near Stuttgart,
Germany.  Current Gemplus production exceeds 14 million cards per month.  The
company has direct sales offices in 12 countries and a distribution network
covering an additional 50 countries worldwide.  The company's 1993 revenues
were U.S. $130 million.
  NOTE:  Gemplus is a registered trademark of Gemplus Card International.
VeriFone is a registered trademark of VeriFone, Inc. Visa is a registered
trademark of Visa International, Inc.
  /NOTE TO EDITORS:  On March 22, 1994, Visa announced the formation of an
international consortium to develop worldwide technical specifications for the
Electronic Purse.  The supplier's group discussed in this release is a
complementary effort, serving Visa  in a consultative or advisory capacity.
  /CONTACT:  Albert Coscia of Visa, 415-432-2039/
08:45 EST

@_date: 1994-01-17 11:33:30
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: message (fwd) 
FYI: This email and some related followup emails were sent to a number of
low low-volume lists lists that I belong to. Somone is now apparently
engaged in harassing a wide variety of Internet mailing lists completely
unrelated with cryptography.
In particular the Squish email was posted to were
CREA-CPS at HEARN.nic.SURFnet.nl (CREA-CPS Creativity and Creative Problem
Solving) and Annotated Lists of ThingS (ann-lots at vm1.nodak.edu). As a
member of those lists I don't believe that the person sending the mail was
a member. I have also recently seen complaints from a number of other list
owners and users.
I suspect that the Squish email may have been sent to every list out in
world publically on the List of Lists, and those with remailers that allow
non-members to post let the mail item through to their members.
Please note that the request in that email...
...is spurious, as I believe the members of the cypherpunks list and the
people listed above are targets of a clever net flamer.
As I do subscribe to quite a number of lists, and as an active internet
user I thought as a courtesy that I should let you know that that this
message did not truely originate on cypherpunks nor the from the people
listed as owners of cyperpunks.
I suggest that you ignore the Squish email, and if your remailer allows
non-members to post to your list that you should turn that feature off to
prevent further re-occurences of messages of this sort.
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-01-18 14:38:46
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Mr. Squish 
I explained to a list manager about our problems regarding the source of
SQUISH and the system administrator that does not respond to requests to
deal with the problem.
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-01-22 21:48:09
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: PGP docs - where? 
It may not actually be corrupted. I noticed that when I logged on manually
that the files were all compressed with gzip, an gnu zip-like compression
However, when I used Mosaic to download the files Mosaic showed them
without the gzip identifier, and downloaded them thinking they were
ordinary files. However, they were in fact compressed with gzip.
I suspect that they have some kind of software that spoofs some ftp clients
into giving ftp'ing an uncompressed version, but the spoofing does not work
with other ftp clients so you get gzip versions.
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-01-23 14:06:34
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Archiving mail-lists... (Copyright Issues) 
Actually, that statement is quite false. I highly recommend that everyone
interested in this topic read Terry Carroll's excellent Copyright FAQ,
available for anonymous FTP from rtfm.mit.edu [18.70.0.209],
in directory /pub/usenet/news.answers/law/Copyright-FAQ, files part1 -
To quote from Copyright-FAQ part2:
Howevever, just because any posting you made after 1988 is automatically
copyrighted by you does not mean that you still can't put it on your CD:
To quote from Copyright-FAQ part3:
There is quite a bit of discussion on this topic in misc.legal newsgroup,
as well as in the lists faq-maintainers at mit.edu and cni-copyright at cni.org.
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-01-24 18:06:44
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: mailing list software 
Can you tell me about extropian's list software, what platforms it is for,
and the Extropy Institute? I have a commercial interest in list software,
but as possibly information provider, as well as interest as a publisher.
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-01-24 18:08:54
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
I don't think you necessarily need this agreement.
First off, I think you don't understand fair use -- it is not a right the
author grants, EVERYONE has the right to fair-use of ANY copyrighted
document. For instance, the Supreme Court recently said that recording
material off cable for personal use only was fair-use--giving it to another
was not.
Secondly, I think there is an implied contract between you and the person
that provides the content that you will make it available to others--they
would not have any reason to give it to you otherwise. If others that you
pass it to abuse it by going beyond fair-use, that is not your liability,
but is theirs.
I'm not an attorney, but you may want to find someone on the net that is.
Try the cni-copyright at cni.org list, or misc.legal newsgroup.
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-01-26 19:52:12
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Crypto-Doc Gopher 
You are aware that you really don't have to have a http server to serve
HTML documents. I do it only with ftp (see my signature file for URL.) It
is not as elegant as an http server with it's lower overhead protocol, but
it works!
..Christopher Allen
..Consensus Develoment Corporation
..4104-24th Street ..San Francisco, CA 94114-3615
..(415) 647-6384 Fax
..(415) 647-6383 Voice
..email: consensus at netcom.com
..mosaic frontpage:

@_date: 1994-03-15 20:06:41
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: FWD: Exportable RIPEM/SIG Available 
I thought the readers of cyperpunks might find the following of interest.

@_date: 1994-03-16 13:07:45
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: FWD: Announcing the release of RIPEM version 1.2. 
Announcing the release of RIPEM version 1.2.
RIPEM 1.2 contains extensive modifications by Jeff Thompson of RSA
Data Security to provide a measure of true Internet PEM interoperability,
and to implement a "direct-trust" model for public keys.  This new
certificate-based trust model is more secure than RIPEM 1.1's but
less hierarchical than Internet PEM's.
RIPEM 1.2 can read all RIPEM 1.1-formatted messages, and can also
read genuine MIC-ONLY and MIC-CLEAR Internet PEM messages.  RIPEM
1.2 cannot read or produce encrypted Internet PEM messages.  RIPEM
1.2's outputed messages can be read by RIPEM 1.1.
Before using RIPEM 1.2 to produce messages, you must first generate
a "self-signed" certificate.  This is done automatically during
key generation.  For current RIPEM users, you can create a self-signed
certificate by simply invoking RIPEM in change-password mode:
  ripem -c -S output-private-key-file -P output-public-key-file
The old field of Originator-Name is only supported for backward compatibility.
RIPEM 1.2 really uses the self-signed cert in the Originator-Certificate
field.  When you receive a message from a sender for the first time,
RIPEM will tell you that you don't have a validated certificate for
the sender and will display the sender's self-signed certificate digest.
You can call the sender and verify that it's correct.  Then, you
receive the message in -v validation mode which will create and store
a certificate from you to the sender.  From now on, RIPEM uses it.
When you encrypt a message, the message includes something like
Recipient-Name: jefft at chirality.rsa.com
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgUDSwAwSAJBFc8Mu+7j0iRqZ7eY39hyLUVSKPIRB+oVaGOJ
 9ttcJrBDPaucqCcp50leLhh48n9eUbvkQW9L7Yu8RiaLjeaNlU0CAwEAAQ==
Key-Info: RSA,
 Ep8yateOeP3bCBZzh4JYs9ZhlsZJ9B1WSM64nFnV2Y5gCExnKwIT/lhZssZTN0as
 V/i1ysZIp5QUPsRz/mlF0Ck=
Recipient-Name is only included for backwards compatibility.
RIPEM 1.2 really uses Recipient-Key-Asymmetric, which is the DER
encoding of my public key.  When jefft sees this while receiving the
message, he knows the associated Key-Info is for him.  Using the public
key is nice because you don't have to know what your correspondant's
issuer and serial number are. It supports this direct trust model nicely.
RIPEM 1.2 uses a home directory which currently holds two files:
privkey and pubkeys.  privkey is the same as the old RIPEM -s private
key file.  The pubkeys file holds the user's self-signed certificate
and the direct-trust certificates they make for other users:
User: jefft at chirality.rsa.com
UserDistinguishedName: CN = jefft at chirality.rsa.com, OU = Persona
Certificate, O = RSA Data Security, Inc., C = US
 MIIB0zCCAX0CEHvlDG8l4VHdqec4RvFBuGIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQECBQAwbzELMAkG
 A1UEBhMCVVMxIDAeBgNVBAoTF1JTQSBEYXRhIFNlY3VyaXR5LCBJbmMuMRwwGgYD
 VQQLExNQZXJzb25hIENlcnRpZmljYXRlMSAwHgYDVQQDFBdqZWZmdEBjaGlyYWxp
 dHkucnNhLmNvbTAeFw05MzExMzAxOTE1NTFaFw05NTExMzAxOTE1NTFaMG8xCzAJ
 BgNVBAYTAlVTMSAwHgYDVQQKExdSU0EgRGF0YSBTZWN1cml0eSwgSW5jLjEcMBoG
 A1UECxMTUGVyc29uYSBDZXJ0aWZpY2F0ZTEgMB4GA1UEAxQXamVmZnRAY2hpcmFs
 aXR5LnJzYS5jb20wWDAKBgRVCAEBAgIB/gNKADBHAkAtAto1Bdion6FnjY2qkliO
 7n6RxmL68IJ8r5XMMPX5IERpo4pSEiE/Fbrw2jVlFUTbdQ36Y65tezhS1E4oNsUX
 AgMBAAEwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQECBQADQQAK/hg100zdjSCapJusmVSzwDaj6YKAa0p3
 GJBYYMMIMZbGlE2gx1bnMiI+twftqA2nRj7v7zlaWv3WiP+pihyx
Notice that there is no public key by itself, since it is now
validated inside the certificate.  For RIPEM 1.2, a user's
distinguished name is formed with the old RIPEM username as the common
name in a Persona distinguished name.
Important: During ripem -e -m encrypted -u username, RIPEM looks up
the recipient's certificate by scanning pubkeys for a "User:" field as
specified by -u and uses the first one it finds.  It is possible that
there are multiple users with the same common name, so RIPEM always
displays the full distinguished names of the recipients it finds when
encrypting.  If one of these is the wrong DN, the user can abort
sending the message.
Notice that the Originator-Certificate field is a self-signed cert, a
RIPEM signed message conforms closely to RFC 1424.  In fact, since the
names are already Persona names, you can send it to
persona-request at rsa.com and it will return a real Persona certificate.
(The RIPEM 1.2 documentation doesn't mention this because there's
really nothing a 1.2 user can do with a hierarchical cert right now,
but you can see what the future plans are.)
Lastly, RIPEM 1.2 doesn't make use of key servers except for backwards
compatibility.  Quoting from the user manual:
  Note:  RIPEM 1.2 does not use key servers or finger to manage
  certificates.  RIPEM 1.2 only transmits a self-signed
  certificate, and the only other certificates that are made are
  direct peer-to-peer.  As a RIPEM 1.2 user, you make a
  certificate from yourself to, say, fred at snark.edu.  No one other
  than you and fred  would be interested in this certificate.
  Hence, RIPEM 1.2 makes no provision for these certificates to be
  on key servers.  A future version of RIPEM is planned which will
  allow certificate chaining.  This will allow you to indirectly
  trust users directly certified by users of your choice.  You
  will be able to say "I trust all users certified by fred".  When
  this future version of RIPEM is available, it will become
  meaningful to place certificates on key servers.
RIPEM 2.0, with certificate chaining ("web-of-trust") and full Internet
PEM interoperability, is expected to be available within a few
As usual, this distribution can be found on ripem.msu.edu.
Only US and Canadian citizens/permanent residents are allowed
access; see ripem.msu.edu:/pub/crypt/GETTING_ACCESS.

@_date: 1994-03-16 13:07:50
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: RIPEM 1.2 
Now that there is a new version of RIPEM available, what do you think of
it? What do you think is the value in using it over PGP?

@_date: 1994-03-18 16:39:48
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: FWD: RIPEM/SIG - Worldwide Digital Signature Software 
I thought some of you might be interested in this.

@_date: 1994-03-21 21:24:19
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: FWD: RIPEM/SIG - Worldwide Digital Signature Software 
I've tested this further - like you I can't seem to verify the press
release using RIPEM Mac. However, I did find someone with the RIPEM 1.2
software installed and it does verify with that software.
I've sent a copy to Ray Lau, the author of RIPEM Mac, as I know that he is
working on incorporating the features of RIPEM 1.2 in the next version of
RIPEM Mac.

@_date: 1994-03-22 00:14:53
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Where to find RIPEM/SIG (an exportable version of RIPEM) 
Though I've not seen much traffic here in cypherpunks on the new exportable
version of RIPEM/SIG, I do think that its latest release is significant.
RIPEM/SIG plus the new version of RSAREF is going to allow my firm to do
some development on products that were not realizable with PGP (because of
export controls, as well as licensing and patent issues.)
For those of you who are also interested in the exportable RIPEM/SIG
version 1.2a, the files are now available via anonymous ftp or by using
Unlike the binaries for RIPEM 1.2a, these files are available via anonymous
ftp -- you don't need an account on the server to download the files (in
order to get an account you have send an email message saying that you are
an US or Canadian user.)
The press release on RIPEM/SIG from Mark Riordan  is at:
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemsig/posting
Binary files are at:
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemsig/binaries/
        ripemsig-68030-macintosh-commandline-1.2a.sit.hqx
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemsig/binaries/
        ripemsig-80x86-dos-vanilla-1.2a.exe
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemsig/binaries/
        ripemsig-hppa-hpux9.01-1.2a
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemsig/binaries/
        ripemsig-ibm-rs6000-aix3.2-1.2a
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemsig/binaries/
        ripemsig-sparc-sunos4.1.1-1.2a
There does not seem to be separate documentation for RIPEM/SIG yet, so I
guess you have to use the documentation for RIPEM 1.2a:
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripem.man
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemusr.doc
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/ripemusr.txt
A current list of RIPEM public keys is at:
        ftp://ripem.msu.edu/pub/crypt/ripem/pubkeys.txt
The new RSAREF source code that RIPEM/SIG is based on was made available
today the rsa.com server.

@_date: 1994-03-22 05:03:47
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Where to find RSAREF (source library used by RIPEM) 
Some people asked after my last message how to get the latest version of
RSAREF 1.2 -- it can be found on RSA's anonymous ftp server.
What is significant about the new RSAREF is that it is used as the basis
for RIPEM and RIPEM/SIG, and that you can incorporate its toolbox in your
own applications very inexpensively. According to their license agreement,
freeware (i.e. non-moneymaking) software can use the RSAREF toolkit
provided that you make the source code to your utility available.
Though this is not official yet, I've been told by RSA that they will also
grant a royalty-free license to shareware authors up to $10,000 worth of
gross annual sales if the shareware source code is available and the
author(s) do not charge more than $50 a copy. If you are a commercial
developer, I know from personal experience that they can be quite
reasonable about licensing -- they want this base level of technology
adopted as widely as possible -- just make RSA a reasonable offer and I
think they'll take it.
Remember, even though you can use RSAREF to create exportable
non-encryption based digital signature software, the source code to RSAREF
is not exportable itself as it can do encryption thus it is only available
to US and Canadian citizens.
Information on what RSAREF is all about and what are the license terms are
located at:
        ftp://rsa.com/rsaref/info.reply
        ftp://rsa.com/rsaref/license.txt
To get access to a time dependent directory (it changes every few minutes)
you will need to read the document:
        ftp://rsa.com/rsaref/README
If you agree to it's terms, take the directory mentioned there and
substitute it for the the checksum in the directory "U.S.-only 7c04e6".
The uuencoded tar archive of RSAREF is at (remember to change the time
dependent directory!):
        ftp://rsa.com/rsaref/dist/U.S.-only-7c04e6/rsaref.tar.Z
The ZIP archive of RSAREF is at (remember to change the time dependent
        ftp://rsa.com/rsaref/dist/U.S.-only-7c04e6/rsaref.zip
You can also get the RSAREF via email by reading the RSAREF license
agreement and sending the following message to
. If your electronic mail address is located
in Canada, please send RSA your full name and mailing address; they'll need
it to complete a Department of State export declaration.
     I acknowledge that I have read the RSAREF Program License
     Agreement and understand and agree to be bound by its terms and
     conditions, including without limitation its restrictions on
     foreign reshipment of the Program and information related to the
     Program. The electronic mail address to which I am requesting
     that the program be transmitted is located in the United States
     of America or Canada and I am a United States citizen, a Canadian
     citizen, or a permanent resident of the United States. The RSAREF
     Program License Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement
     between RSA Laboratories and me relating to the Program, and
     supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and
     any other communications between RSA Laboratories and me relating
     to the Program.

@_date: 1994-03-22 10:28:16
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: CORRECTION: RSAREF Version Number is 2.0 
Sorry about that, just doing some typing too late at night. The brand new
version of RSAREF is 2.0. Otherwise all the other information in my
previous message should be correct.

@_date: 1994-03-22 11:48:10
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: Where to find RIPEM/SIG (an exportable version of RIPEM) 
The file GETTING_ACCESS on ripem.msu.edu describes how to get permission to
ftp RIPEM. It is at:
        ftp://guest.mu5k2d55:
I've enclosed their file here:

@_date: 1994-03-22 22:17:54
@_author: Christopher Allen 
@_subject: FWD: RIPEM/SIG - Worldwide Digital Signature Software 
I did send a report to Ray Lau, the author of RIPEM Mac. This is his response:
