
@_date: 1996-05-25 10:51:25
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: Anarchy Online 
Your wish is my command, but--who are they?
Actually Rich it took me a while to remember you. The Zundel affair didn't
loom large in my life (because I wasn't part of it, I guess). I assumed
you had long since moved on to more important matters.  I have no idea
whether you are a net.loon. But I am sorry if I misspelled your name in my
book, and indeed as soon as I get offline here, I'm going to do a word
search. We're making the text into pages right now, so the time is right. Which Donna did I misspell? Donna Hoffman?
--Charles Platt

@_date: 1996-11-17 13:53:39
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: Emergency powers 
Of course, Michael Froomkin is right in everything he says about
presidential emergency powers. But an unconstitutional abuse of power is
surely not acceptable merely because it has become a routine method for
accomplishing everyday legislative tasks.  First, it allows significant
possibility for future abuse; and second, if the Constitution is routinely
circumvented, this diminishes its general power (as any law loses its
power when it is routinely flouted). The situation is all the more
troubling because it receives so little publicity, outside of militant
"extremist" groups (i.e. those that are crazy enough to believe that
presidential power should be limited in accordance with the law of the
land). When a president can take almost action under the excuse that it's
a "national emergency" (when in fact there is no emergency), and he
doesn't have to answer questions till later, and most citizens are unaware
of this, we have a potentially dangerous situation. They key word here is
"potentially." Michael Froomkin seems relatively sanguine because the
potential for great harm has not been realized. I am not so easily
reassured. --Charles Platt

@_date: 1997-06-20 12:27:20
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: Extremely Disappointing: Political Cryptography 
Agencies such as the FCC, FAA, and FDA were created to make policy
recommendations in technical areas were politicians aren't qualified. If
we're really going to have government stomping all over the Internet, it's
crazy that there isn't an appropriate agency to make appropriate policy
recommendations in this area, which is more technical and developing more
rapidly than fields such as aviation or food&drug, where senators and
congresspeople generally accept advice from presidential appointees who collaborate with industry.
I'm not saying I _want_ an agency making decisions for us; only that it would be slightly less hideously exasperating than our present situation, where technoliterates are being ruled by technoilliterates.
The FCC actually made some halfway decent decisions determining standards
in broadcasting, before the agency became terminally incestuous and
corrupt. We might get two or three good years out of a Federal Internet
Agency, depending who was appointed to run it.

@_date: 1997-03-08 20:19:58
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
Now, Vince, calm down! Contrary to your subject line, I never remotely
suggested that Marxism runs rampant in sunny Anguilla. I merely observed
that your Minister of Finance did choose an educational institution
notorious for Marxist ideology. The Minister may have undergone a radical
change in his ideas since then (AS I SAID IN THE TEXT THAT I POSTED TO THE
GROUP!). I did not blame him for the phone monopoly, merely pointed out
that government in Anguilla does not seem much into the idea of
competitive bids, generally speaking. You can hardly object to this
statement, since you said as much to me yourself! Incidentally, the same text was circulated to Lynwood Bell of Hansa Bank, who made detailed corrections of some of my statements about his institution, but where the Minister of Finance was concerned, made only a wry, amused comment.
My text was not intended to imply anything of this kind.
Well, this is more relevant--but what do you mean, "not happy"? Is there a policy statement, a public remark I can quote?
Sorry, but I think your reaction is a bit unreasonable. I'll certainly
rephrase my text if you sincerely feel it suggests that Marxism thrives in
Anguilla. But I thought the context made it clear that the country is just
a sleepy little British colony with zero corporate/personal taxes and some
bad habits left over from the Brits--such as a government-owned radio
station and a horrible phone system.

@_date: 1997-03-08 21:30:51
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: Anguilla is not Marxist! 
Well, I suppose it's possible that he didn't know about the politics of the university till he actually got there ... but highly unlikely, because it is quite notorious. And he did stay there. Asphalt for roads, as I recall.
Fair enough (I guess). It's always enlightening to discover how one's writing is read by others. This is why I ALWAYS submit my text for review before sending it to the magazine.
OK. I got my impression from the guy who runs it. Perhaps naturally, he emphasized it more than his competition.
I do tend to be a little bit suspicious of any state-owned broadcasting system (including PBS).
But this is way off topic for cypherpunks. Maybe we should continue in email if we need to continue.
I do appreciate your perspective.

@_date: 1997-03-10 12:24:52
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: More proof that Charles Platt is... etc etc etc 
I do not have a B.A. in journalism and never attended an American high
school, but with the exception of this small error, Vulis paints a pretty
accurate picture. Of course, I may be lying pathologically, and am probably drunk.
I rather like this. May I use this as my .sig line, or would you claim that it is protected by copyright? If so, could I purchase a license to use it as my .sig line? Just tell me where to send the check.

@_date: 1997-03-21 21:43:08
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: PGP Security 
Okay, Vulis, that's it, you have made an explicit threat in a public
forum, I know where you live, I know your phone number, in fact I once
spoke to you on the phone, and I will be suggesting to the rather slow
witted people at my local police precinct that you have already demonstrated unstable, threatening behavior toward many people, giving me good reason to believe that you are capable of assault.
This is the last you will hear from me online. Anything further will be stated in person.

@_date: 1997-10-08 11:42:36
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Please tell me where it says this in the U.S. Constitution.
In particular, please tell me where the FEDERAL government is assigned this power.
Thank you.
--Charles Platt

@_date: 2001-08-12 01:10:52
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: stem cell speech 
Matt, I am baffled that I have not read, anywhere, a suggestion from
anyone that George Bush has no constitutional right to set science policy.
His speech on stem cell research included a statement that he had decided
to proceed cautiously. How does he have the right to make such a decision?
Will there be an executive order?
This in turn raises the question of how Congress has any right to tell
parents what they may or may not do with their zygotes. Control of federal
funding is one thing; but I sense a desire to go beyond that, and pass
legislation similar to the anti-cloning act which seems destined to become
Where's the constitutional excuse for this? In the tired old Interstate
Commerce Clause?
I am not a lawyer or a constitutional scholar, so I may have missed
something here. But what troubles me the most is that I have seen no
commentators or op/ed writers raising the basic issue of control. Maybe I
just don't read the right news sources--or maybe everyone has become so
accustomed to centralized authority, extending all the way down to our own
genes, the spectacle of a president determining science policy rouses no
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-16 20:36:04
@_author: Charles Platt 
@_subject: The Enduring Power of Stupidity 
The Enduring Power of Stupidity
During the past five days I have read many essays. To me, all
of them have missed a fundamental underlying point.
There are two basic forces in the world: Intelligence and
stupidity. Human intelligence generally is creative, and has
the potential to enhance our lives. Stupidity almost always
is destructive.
A month ago, the power of stupidity was demonstrated on a
routine basis when our president made an "ethical decision"
that scientists should destroy small clumps of human cells by
throwing them away, instead of using them in research to
eradicate terrible diseases. This stupidity was justified by
misinterpreting an archaic book of primitive myths.
During the half-century that I have been alive, I've seen
many similar examples of stupidity depriving us of the fruits
of intelligence. Random examples include the misapplication
of Marxism, the Vietnam war, the cold war, dismantling the US
manned space program, eco-alarmism, and the war on drugs.
No doubt every person has some favorite examples to add to
this list.
At the dawn of the 21st century, when Y2K was averted by a
lot of smart people doing intelligent things to prevent the
paralysis of modern society, I started to hope that
intelligence was finally gaining an edge over stupidity. Here
I am now, using a digital computer that not only facilitates
my creativity as a writer, but also revolutionizes my ability
to create music, videos, or graphics. Its connectivity has
changed my entire working and social life. Its power has been
almost totally beneficial, and it promises still greater
benefits in the future.
Computational molecular biology has the potential to
eradicate all hunger and disease. Ultimately computational
power should enable us to manipulate matter itself, enabling
a new era of unlimited wealth while eliminating side effects
such as pollution and global warming. We may also defeat
death: I may die, but I believe my daughter has a chance to
achieve biological immortality.
At least, I used to believe this, until last Tuesday. On
Tuesday I saw that stupidity still trumps intelligence. Those
hijacked airplanes were an amazing feat of intelligent
engineering, making the miracle of flight not only safe but
universally accessible. The World Trade Center was a
brilliantly innovative piece of architecture. Yet a handful
of thugs armed with box cutters destroyed those fruits of
intelligence within a few hours. The thugs, of course, were
acting in accordance with their stupid misinterpretation of
yet another archaic book of primitive myths.
Regulatory stupidity facilitated the terrorist acts.
According to the Washington Post, FAA regulations have always
permitted knives up to 4 inches long on domestic flights, and
all cockpit doors on all airplanes can be opened with the
same master key. In any case, the doors are flimsy enough to
be kicked open. At least 14 times since 1998, drunk or
disturbed passengers have tried to force their way into
airplane cockpits. They succeeded on 6 occasions. In 1999, a
passenger on All Nippon Airways fatally stabbed a pilot.
Thus, this country has pursued an aggressive, punitive
foreign policy that was guaranteed to create enemies, yet
took only cosmetic steps to protect its own citizens in a
situation of notorious vulnerability. Worse, in the future,
passengers will remain vulnerable (instead of being allowed
access to tools of nonlethal self-defense such as tasers),
while the foreign policy will become more aggressive, thus
creating still more enemies.
I'm old enough to remember how the unfettered, turbulent
creativity of the 1960s dissipated in the ugly stupidities of
a war in southeast Asia. I fear now that the incredible
technological creativity of the past decade may be derailed
by some equally stupid, unwinnable war in another remote,
hostile country, causing socioeconomic chaos at home.
I feel a great, overwhelming melancholy. The wonderful smart
innovations in the past decade have empowered us in so many
ways, yet we are still impotent compared with the techno-
illiterates who claim a mandate to act stupidly on our
The terrorists with box cutters, and the militants in the
U.S. government, share two traits. They exercise power
indiscriminately, and show no great love for technology. In
fact, I believe they are hostile to it because they see how
its intelligence threatens them.
Their fear is justified. In the long term, I still believe
that technology will eclipse dumb political power and render
it obsolete.
Alas, I no longer believe that I will see this happen within
my lifetime.
--Charles Platt
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
