
@_date: 1997-12-20 04:02:10
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
That will be great, because then I won't have to share a lunch counter
with those Niggers anymore.

@_date: 1997-12-23 04:20:52
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
Which is why it is a good thing that Libraries are state funded.
I don't think I saw TM's analysis, since I am on fight-censorship, but I
don't see where there is any confusion.  Except in very limited
circumstances (National Security), the government cannot hire or fire a
contractor (or employee) based on unrelated speech.
It may be legal, but whether it is moral is certainly debatable.
Why is this confusing?  It is very simple to tell the difference between the State as employer and the State as censor.
A Public Library is allowed restrict Internet Access to its employees on the job, since it is acting as an employer.
A Public Library may not be allowed to restrict Internet Access to its
patrons (we will see how Loudoun turns out).
Not necessarily responsible, but it is legal.
This is correct.
Again, I don't see what is confusing about this.

@_date: 1997-12-23 23:42:18
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
If it is legal for employers to insist on a particular language being
spoken, then it is legal for the government, as an employer to do so.
This is not a First Amendment violation.
The government is not required to promote all speech, but only to not
restrict it.  Selection of books for a library does not abdridge freedom
of speech, since the act of not selecting does not reduce speech.
Modifying the content of the selected books would be an infriging act,
since that is a reduction.
They cannot subscribe to Playboy and then put pasties on the nipples.
Nor can they subscribe to the Internet and then filter it.
I fail to see how this will solve anything.
Right now, we can fight censoring the Internet in libraries because this is the State acting as Sovereign.  In private libraries, fighting this
would be It is very seldom that any Constitutional issue is clearcut.  That
doesn't mean that we should throw it out, though.

@_date: 1997-12-24 02:09:58
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
What are you talking about?
Freedom of expression is not the same as freedom of oppression.
If you want to live in a hut in Montana and shelter yourself from the
real world, feel free.  Otherwise, it may be a good idea to check out
social theories from the last hundred years.

@_date: 1997-12-24 02:43:56
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Given that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was upheld as Constitutional, I
would generally use that as an argument.
No one.  In fact, sometimes I wish that you would :-).
On the other hand, if a law were passed that made it illegal, and the
Supreme Court found it constitutional, then it would be.

@_date: 1997-12-24 03:40:00
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
The logic is about patterns of discrimination of society and the State
acting as a social engineer to remove the patterns.
It is about basic human decency, and giving a person a fighting chance.
If society, in general, discriminated against people with freckles, it
is likely that it would be made illegal.
No majority group has a right to discriminate against a minority.
You prove that you know The Truth, and I'll prove that I know The Truth.
Oppression is done by a society.  It can only be stopped by acting
against the individuals in the society that are doing the oppressing.
That's a good point.  However, the alternate doesn't have the same
Freedom of association is not the same as freedom of oppression.

@_date: 1997-12-24 03:53:19
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Actually, you can be.
You are not being coerced into anything.  If you don't want to serve
food to Blacks, don't open a restaurant.  It's your choice.
By the way, you are also not allowed to dump toxic waste in your own
backyard.  Are you being oppressed?
In a fantasy world, it is mutually consensual.  It the real world, it is seldom mutual.
Nope.  Of course, this has nothing to do with anything.
With freedom comes responsibility.  Decency is one of them.

@_date: 1997-12-24 04:01:28
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
I am sorry.  Somebody who should know better cross-posts incendiary
messages to both fight-censorship and cypherpunks.
I just can't stand reading obviously idiotic messages without
responding.  I will try to refrain.
By the way, I am not subscribed to cypherpunks, soif you have something
to say, CC me.

@_date: 1997-12-24 06:43:16
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
I don't have that right.  However, the Supreme Court has said that the
Congress has that right.
Well, racism is hiring decisions is something that is detected in other
people's backyards.  That's why its illegal.
I prefer a level playing field.
Not in this country.  If you don't believe me, check out Article I,
Section 8 for one explicit example.
It's called civilization.  You should try it some time.

@_date: 1997-07-19 05:39:39
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Keepers of the keys 
Why do I feel like we are going around and around in circles?
How about we give copies of our house-keys to the courts?  We should
also send them our old backup tapes, just in case they need them, too.

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:17:14
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
I have so many issues with this, I don't even know where to start.
What is the World Wide Web?  The Bill doesn't even attempt to define
it.  Is Usenet a part of it?  Are FTP sites a part of it?
If I have a link to a "bad" site, am I bad?  How about if I have a
forwarding link?
Anyway, AltaVista is certainly part of the WWW.  It is in the business
of the commercial distribution of material.  It does Usenet queries,
some of which are certainly harmful to minors (according to Coats).
They go down.
Note that "article" and "writing" are included.
Is Coats saying that his definition of "harmful to minors" is too vague?
Why can't he define it correctly in the Bill itself?
By the way, my signature contains an ascii art rendition of an adult
about to have sex with a child.  I believe that (i) it appeals to a
prurient interest in sex; (ii) it depicts, in a patently offensive way,
a simulated sexual act; and (iii) lacks any value whatsoever.
Now all I need to do is put it up on a web page on a for-profit company.

@_date: 1997-11-20 00:52:08
@_author: Colin Rafferty 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
How do you know that someone is not a citizen?  My mother-in-law has no
green card, can barely speak English, yet can legally stay in the US for as long as she likes.
Of course, that's because she has been a US citizen for over thirty years.
How do we know that you are in this country legally?  The last time you
were outdoors, would you have been able to prove that you are in this
country legally?
Innocent until proven guilty.  Unless he speaks Spanish.
It's called the Sixth Amendment, in case you weren't paying attention.
