
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Craig Silverman 
@_subject: [Press Release List] IBM and Zero-Knowledge Systems: A shared 
Vision For Privacy
Sender: owner-pressrelease at zeroknowledge.com
Reply-To: pressrelease at zeroknowledge.com
The Zero-Knowledge Systems Press Release FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
IBM Announces An Enterprise Privacy Architecture
Protecting Brand, Building Customer Trust And Adding Business Value Through
Privacy Protection
SOMERS, NY -- 06/29/2001 -- IBM today unveiled a comprehensive Enterprise
Privacy Architecture (EPA) to address the complex privacy challenges facing
21st century businesses, governments and other organizations. The
patent-pending EPA provides a road map for privacy management and solutions
to help companies protect customer, employee and partner information.
"The Enterprise Privacy Architecture we're announcing today is a significant
privacy and business development. It affords organizations a framework for
efficiently imbedding their privacy requirements into every level of the
business, while integrating with existing e-business initiatives," said Mike
Bilger, global practice leader, security and privacy, IBM Global Services.
This architecture responds to business demand for tailored enterprise
privacy controls. It is designed to help organizations manage and protect
their three most vital assets -- data, customer relationships, and brand.
IBM's privacy blueprint balances growing needs for information with the
privacy concerns of individuals, thereby permitting integration of business
and external privacy rules, customer preferences, and privacy best practices
into line-of-business and customer-centric business processes. IBM developed
the EPA in response to client needs to move privacy beyond policy and to
align IT and management to make privacy work for businesses and their
"IBM's Tivoli Systems management team has been key contributors to the EPA,
and our Tivoli SecureWay Privacy Manager product serves as a major component
of the EPA road map initiative," said Jeff Smith, Senior Vice-President,
Application Products, Tivoli Systems Inc. "Combining the EPA with Tivoli
SecureWay Policy Director and Tivoli SecureWay Privacy Manager, security and
privacy policies can be monitored and enforced consistently across the
Zero-Knowledge Systems' Privacy Rights Management (PRM) technologies will
complement IBM's EPA, and help accelerate industry's ability to implement
the EPA vision.
"Zero-Knowledge(r) Systems' Privacy Rights Management technologies, in
concert with IBM's EPA, will for the first time provide businesses with the
privacy tools, methodology and expertise required to close the gap between
stated policies, customer preferences and operational realities," said John
Beans, Vice-President, Product Marketing, Enterprise Products,
Zero-Knowledge Systems.
The development of the EPA is based on the growing number of companies that
understand privacy as an essential element to cultivating strong
relationships by using information effectively and appropriately. The EPA
takes organizations a step further by helping to transform privacy from a
cost of doing business to a business value with strong return on investment
"The combination of the EPA blueprint and consulting services, together with
the technology capabilities of companies like Tivoli and Zero-Knowledge
Systems, will enable leaders around the world to approach the privacy
challenge strategically and efficiently," said Harriet Pearson, Chief
Privacy Officer, IBM.
Through a mix of consulting methodology and technology integration, the EPA
aligns corporate-level policy with practices and appropriate technologies
through rigorous EPA-based analysis of infrastructure, processes,
information flows, and practices. EPA identifies selected privacy risks and
opportunities to improve core business functions across an enterprise. EPA
can also be used assist enterprises in addressing and leveraging privacy for
e-business initiatives such as customer relationship management and business
intelligence implementations. An important part of the EPA privacy ROI is in
its scalability, flexibility and ability to leverage the best
privacy-enabling technologies available in the marketplace today -- such as
those from Tivoli and Zero-Knowledge Systems.
The Enterprise Privacy Architecture was designed by a cross-IBM team,
including expert privacy consultants from IBM's Privacy Center of
Competence, representatives of IBM's Research Division, IBM's Chief Privacy
Officer, and Tivoli Systems, alongside IBM's knowledge management and
pervasive computing teams and its customer database management group.
IBM Security and Privacy Consulting is part of IBM Global Services, the
world's largest information technology services provider. With nearly
150,000 professionals serving customers in 160 countries, IBM Global
Services reached revenue of more than $33 billion in 2000. IBM Global
Services integrates IBM's broad range of capabilities -- services, hardware,
software and research -- to help companies of all sizes realize the full
value of information technology. To learn more about the Enterprise Privacy
Architecture, Tivoli SecureWay Privacy Manager, industry solutions and
services, attend SecureWorld, IBM's End-to-End Security Conference, being
held August 27 through 31 in Washington, D.C. For more information please
visit Tivoli SecureWay software enables e-businesses to increase revenue
opportunities by providing secure access for customers, prospects and
business partners, optimize operational expenses through centralized
single-action management, and effectively manage security threats, attacks
and exposures across the entire organization. For more information about
Tivoli SecureWay software, visit Zero-Knowledge Systems is a provider of privacy enabling technologies and
services. Combining security technologies, privacy expertise, and business
strategy, Zero-Knowledge offers comprehensive privacy and security solutions
for business. For more information please visit *Trademark of International Business Machines Corporation
**Tivoli Systems is a registered trademark of IBM
***Registered Trademark of Zero-Knowledge Systems
Contact: Jan Walbridge
Company: IBM
Phone: 914-766-4647
Email: walbridge at us.ibm.com
Contact: Cas Purdy
Company: Tivoli
Phone: 512-436-1211
Email: cpurdy at tivoli.com
Contact: Craig Silverman
Company: Zero-Knowledge Systems
Phone: 514-350-7556
Email: craig at zeroknowledge.com
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Craig Silverman 
@_subject: [Press Release List] Zero-Knowledge Systems Unveils Free, 
Easy-To-Use Freedom 2.0 Inte
Sender: owner-pressrelease at zeroknowledge.com
Reply-To: pressrelease at zeroknowledge.com
The Zero-Knowledge Systems Press Release FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
ZERO-KNOWLEDGE SYSTEMS UNVEILS FREE, EASY-TO-USE FREEDOM
2.0 INTERNET PRIVACY SUITE: THE MOST COMPREHENSIVE INTERNET
PRIVACY AND SECURITY TOOL AVAILABLE
--Freedom 2.0 gives consumers free access to the most easy-
to-use privacy and security features, including a personal
firewall, form filler, cookie manager, ad manager and
keyword alert--
Montreal - December 12, 2000 - Zero-Knowledge(R) Systems
Inc., the leading developer of privacy solutions for
consumers and business, today unveiled the next generation
version of its award-winning Freedom(R) Internet Privacy
Suite. Freedom 2.0 now offers five standard privacy and
security features as a free download in addition to
enhanced paid premium services of untraceable private email
and anonymous private browsing and chat.
"The Freedom 2.0 Internet Privacy Suite affirms Zero-
Knowledge Systems' commitment to creating strong,
transparent and easy-to-use solutions that protect
individual privacy and security on the Internet," said
Austin Hill, president of Zero-Knowledge Systems. "From its
new free standard features to the unmatched privacy
protection of its enhanced premium services, Freedom
addresses every need of Internet users who want to protect
themselves and control their personal information, security
and privacy."
Freedom 2.0 builds upon the first version's unmatched
premium services by offering five essential privacy and
security features as a free download and substantial
enhancements to its paid premium services of untraceable
encrypted email and anonymous private browsing and chat.
Users who upgrade to the premium services gain access to
the global Freedom Network of servers and create
untraceable pseudonyms or "nyms." The nyms allow customers
to select different digital identities for their online
activities. All nym traffic is encrypted and routed through
the Freedom Network, ensuring complete privacy for
browsing, chat, email and Telnet. Freedom's already
intuitive ease-of-use and striking appearance have also
been improved with this version's completely redesigned
user interface.
Freedom 2.0 Internet Privacy Suite Free Standard Features
* Personal Firewall - Protect against malicious hackers
Freedom's personal firewall controls both incoming and
outgoing Internet connections and alerts users of any
unauthorized attempts to connect to their computer by
malicious hackers or outside entities.  This feature is
critical for consumers with an "always-on" DSL or cable
modem connection.
* Form Filler - Speed up and secure online registrations
and transactions
Freedom automatically fills out forms and remembers
passwords, making online registrations and purchases a
snap. Users can either use information from their true
identity, create a pseudonymous identity or have the Form
Filler generate random information. Unlike other products
that require users to store their personal information on a
company server, Freedom's Form Filler encrypts and stores
sensitive information on the user's computer, where only
they have access to it.
* Cookie Manager - Prevent websites from tracking activities
Freedom lets Internet users take advantage of the cookies
they want while blocking or deleting the ones they don't.
Unlike other stand-alone or browser based solutions that
lump cookies together, Freedom's Cookie Manager sorts
cookies into individual "Cookie Jars." This allows users to
manage each online identity separately, and control how
much information websites record about browsing habits.
* Ad Manager - Control ads and speed up browsing
Freedom's Ad Manager speeds up the Web browsing experience
by getting desired information to the user faster, while
removing the clutter of unwanted ads. It also prevents
activity-tracking cookies and "Web bugs" from being dropped
onto their computer.
* Keyword Alert - Prevent personal information from leaving
the computer
Freedom's Keyword Alert instantly scans all outgoing
communications and warns users before sending sensitive or
identifying information. For example, parents can set
Freedom to scan for the real name or telephone number of
their children and Freedom will show an alert before
releasing that information.
Freedom 2.0 Internet Privacy Suite Premium Services
* Untraceable Encrypted Email - Secure and privatize email
Freedom lets Internet users send and receive encrypted
email from existing email applications to ensure that no
one, including their ISP, can open or read it. The true
identity of Freedom users is protected since no one can
associate the user with their nym's address. Freedom also
blocks unsolicited bulk email (spam) from reaching their
* Anonymous Browsing & Chat - Go online undetected
Freedom lets users enjoy untraceable access to the Internet
by way of private routes through the Freedom Network. These
private access routes prevent anyone from tracing a user's
online activities or from determining their physical
location, guaranteeing a completely private Web browsing,
Telnet and chat room experience.
Zero-Knowledge's commitment to releasing the source code to
the Freedom system has set the standard for consumer
privacy products by allowing anyone to verify how the
system performs. This assures Freedom provides the promised
protection. As the recognized privacy leader, Zero-
Knowledge is fulfilling its commitment to deploy consumer
products that are open and transparent.
Among other accolades, Freedom 1.0 was named 2000's "Most
Promising Internet Newcomer" by PC World, was called "the
Rolls-Royce of privacy software" by Yahoo! Internet Life
and received a 5/5 editor's rating from PC Magazine. ZDNet
also gave Zero-Knowledge's Customer Support group a 10/10
rating for technical support.
Availability and Pricing
Freedom for Windows 95/98, 2000, Me and Linux is available
as a free download at  Premium
services can be purchased for US $49.95 per year. A
Macintosh version of Freedom is expected in 2001.
About Zero-Knowledge Systems, Inc.
Zero-Knowledge Systems ( is
the leading provider of privacy enabling technologies and
services for both consumers and enterprise. Zero-Knowledge
Managed Privacy Services
( provides expert
consultation and privacy-enhancing solutions that enable
businesses to comply with privacy legislation, maximize
customer relationships and build consumer trust without
violating privacy. Zero-Knowledge Freedom Internet Privacy
Suite provides consumers free access to the most easy-to-
use privacy and security features -- including a personal
firewall, form filler, cookie manager, ad manager and
keyword alert -- in addition to its leading paid premium
services offering untraceable private email and anonymous
browsing and chat. Freedom 2.0 for Windows 95/98, 2000, Me
and Linux is available as a free download at
 and Freedom source code is available
at Journalists can visit the Zero-Knowledge pressroom at
 (Freedom, Zero-Knowledge and Managed Privacy Services are
registered trademarks of Zero-Knowledge Systems, Inc. All
other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.)
For more information
Dov Smith
Zero-Knowledge Systems
dov at zeroknowledge.com
Kristy Cory
Red Whistle Communications
kcory at redwhistle.com
To unsubscribe from this list, please visit:
--- end forwarded text
