
@_date: 2012-12-26 08:49:50
@_author: Eric S Johnson 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why Skype (real-time) is losing out to 
I do a lot of cybersec trainings for activists. I take a lot of flak from
crypto specialists for not deterring people from using Skype. My response
isn't "Skype is safe"; it's, "show me the beef." We don't need to get into
the "is Skype safe?" conversation here (we all agree that we are less able
to prove its safety than we are OTR's, and Microsoft has a record of
cooperating with (at least US) LEAs); my point is, I find we're only
successful getting folks to change their habits when we can provide evidence
(which they believe) that their old habit's unsafe. I haven't been able to
do that with Skype, because Skype's insecurity is basically theoretical (for
developing-worlds' activists' use cases).
But the circumstantial evidence demonstrating WeChat's insecurity is much
stronger ... viz. this super piece by John Kennedy:
Nathan, you've doubtless seen this article. What do your Tibetan friends say
about this? "We don't care if they're monitoring our WeChat use--we're out
of their reach?" ... or "what's good enough for Hu Jia is good enough for
us" ... or "WeChat's convenience advantages outweigh its known security"
(i.e. security isn't a sine qua non for them) ...
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-03-15 16:27:36
@_author: Eric S Johnson 
@_subject: [liberationtech] skype & CALEA 
The Russian newspaper Vedomosti reported yesterday (link below) that Russian
experts believe Microsoft built lawful intercept capability into Skype over
a year ago and has shared that capability with Russian LEAs; supposedly, the
capability allows a user's Skype to be remotely triggered to establish its
end-to-end encryption with a Skype server (which can then intercept) rather
than with "the other end." The Russian blogosphere is chattering away about
it, with some saying "but of course" and others saying "doubt it." If not a smoking gun, it might be a whiff of gunpowder, although the same
article says "and earlier this week it became known that the Chinese version
of Skype has a special mechanism for surveilling users"-something we've
known (thanks to CitLab et al.) for years, so I'm not sure we should
consider this writer likely to be contributing something substantially new.
               Microsoft today said "not true."
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at
