
@_date: 1998-06-28 06:30:00
@_author: creditmedic at earthlink.net 
@_subject: Credit Medic 
Dear Friend,
DO YOU SUFFER FROM BAD CREDIT?  DO YOU WISH YOU COULD START OVER WITH A CLEAN SLATE?  Maybe you just want a better way to protect your privacy.  Many of us never realized the long-term effect that bad credit has on our lives.  In the computer age, many of these negative issues seem inescapable, and for good reason.  Fortunately, Credit Medic will rescue you from your past negative credit and open the way to a new life in the credit world.  By creating an entirely new credit file, you can obtain the credit you deserve.  This powerful program will explain how you can create a new credit bureau file that will give you the opportunity for new credit.  People lose their credit privileges for any number of reasons.  In our society, it's very difficult to live without good credit.  Regardless of your past credit history, this program will show you how to regain good credit.  But you will get more than that.  With good credit comes high self-esteem and self-worth.  You will be better able to take care of yourself or your family and enjoy the things you deserve.
Credit Medic will walk you through this process step by step.  It will take some energy and focus on your part but the rewards will be well worth the effort.  By creating a new credit file, the Government allows you a second chance at getting the credit you deserve.  Thousands of people who have used this program have achieved success in releasing themselves from the exasperating stranglehold of bad credit and moved on to having outstanding credit.
Understand that there is absolutely no reason for you to believe that it is impossible for you to release yourself from your past negative credit and move on to excellent credit!  The process is very simple, but it is important to be dedicated and to follow through with all details.  You must also be patient, some steps take longer than others.  Don't be fooled into thinking that this is a miracle quick fix.  This method will require some work on your part.
What's important to realize is how the Government and the CRAs (Credit Reporting Agencies) identify you and list all of your past and present credit information.  Credit Medic will show you how to apply for new credit identification.  This creates a whole new credit identity, that runs parallel (but never crosses) your existing credit.  This program doesn't require that you repair your old credit file, although it's a good idea for many obvious reasons.  This is your decision to make.  Credit Medic isn't loaded with fluff or filler material.  Everything in this kit is important!  You will find out about rights that you probably didn't know you had.  Remember, you deserve good credit.  Follow the program carefully, and you will be successful!  Credit Medic will give you a second chance for credit.  It will also be your last chance.  You must understand that you only get ONE (1) second chance.  If your credit is damaged again, Credit Medic cannot help you.  Credit Medic is a PROVEN method that REALLY WORKS if you follow the steps described.  Credit Medic DOES NOT do the work for you, but it DOES give you COMPLETE detailed instructions for building NEW credit.  DON'T PROCRASTINATE!  YOU DESERVE GOOD CREDIT!  ORDER by June 10th and receive 50% off the regular price of $39.95.  NOW ONLY $19.95 if your order is postmarked by July 10, 1998!  Please print and fill out the following order form:
