
@_date: 2001-12-26 01:49:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Explosive dicks (was: C4 commercial web page) 
My dick, unerect, is about 12 cm long and has 3.5 cm radius.
This makes for 37 cm3, or about 60 grams (2 oz) of C4.
60 grams can pierce the aircraft hull no problemo.
So, the question is, how do you tell between plastic C4 dick and genuine
meat without close tactile observation at the security checkpoint ?
Beware of arabs/israelis humping aircraft walls.

@_date: 2001-12-27 23:34:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling 
easily enough to bring down a plane.  Breast implants would be the
obvious place to put it, because they certainly can't open up every
woman who wants to get on a plane with "augmentation" so what can you
do? <<
10 lbs can do a *lot* more than take
down a plane, which is very easy when
its in flight at high altitude.
It takes a few weeks to heal from
abdomen surgery that could be done
in a field hospital.  How to sleep
without rolling over on the lump
which is the activator is the tough
Breasts are amusing locations, but Al Q doesn't use chicks (yet) and
its not easy to get them to look right.
(Admittedly, get an ugly chick and
not many will check for symmetry etc.)
PETN Flavored Gatorade: Is it in you?

@_date: 2001-12-28 02:45:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fear and Trembling 
I had to read the whole thing to find the actual prediction.
So you assume a simultaneous or at least closely-spaced annihilation of CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, FOX, BBC buildings ? With moles that have been planted there years ago, with penile implants, I assume. And then targeted execution of remaining key employees to the point where appearing on TV becomes really, really unattractive proposition ?
What would american sheeple do in the morning without TV ?
I mean, you wake up, turn on the tube and there is just a station logo there, because even the weatherman was found shot in the back of his head. What do you do next ? There is NO TV in he evening. You must stare at your ugly family or even talk with morons.
US would disintegrate within 48 hours.

@_date: 2001-11-07 15:14:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CNN] FBI: Threat against Western bridges 'not credible' 
The airport security show is clearly designed to intimidate
times instead of once (used to be at the check-in counter, now
also when entering security check and at the gate). Mind boggles
trying to understand how these two extra checks help.
Is there a single documented case of a terrorist *not* having a
proper ID ? Or losing the ID *after* the check-in ?
The carry-on bagage X-raying and personal inductive test still
fail to detect non-metallic knives, perhaps hidden in the shoes.
Restaurants at airports still offer metal knives. After the
security check. There are *so* many armed people at airports and
so much more guns that inside jobs become much simpler than
before. No one is going to ID armed man in military fatigue.
Cockpit doors have better locks now, but I wonder where do pilots
urinate during long flights ?

@_date: 2001-11-17 16:30:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stasi files 
from  :
"is likely an adult male."
"strong interest in science"
"may not be comfortable or practiced in writing in lower case lettering"
"has exhibited an organized, rational thought process in furtherance of his criminal behavior."
"AGAIN, IF YOU HAVE CREDIBLE INFORMATION THAT MIGHT HELP IDENTIFY THIS PERSON, PLEASE CONTACT THE FBI IMMEDIATELY AT 1-800-CRIMETV"
THIS IS TIM MAY !!! MUST BE !

@_date: 2002-01-05 09:53:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Glock: preferred weapon of Baby Liberation Front 
Infant Shoots, Kills Cop Father
   SMYRNA, Tenn. (Reuters) - A 22-year-old policeman was killed by his 3-year-old son when the
   boy picked up his father's gun off the kitchen table and accidentally fired, police said Friday.
   Joshua Haffner, who had recently joined the Smyrna Police Department, returned home Thursday
   from night shift duty, put down his gun, and was struck in the back by a bullet fired by his unidentified
   son, police spokeswoman Barbara Wilford said.
   Haffner was taken by helicopter to Vanderbilt University Medical Center where he died a short time
   later. He had graduated recently from the Metro Police Academy.
   Smyrna is a town of 14,000 southeast of Nashville.

@_date: 2002-01-05 10:33:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ID fraud, King George's dumbshit cameljockey bodyguards 
So an arab with a loaded gun on his person wants on your plane.  He claims to have some documents and claims to have phone numbers where
others (also strangers to the pilot) will "vouch" for him.
He claims to work for King George.
Wisely, the pilot, who is actually responsible, lets him stew on the ground.
Why do the proles who end up whining about ethnic discrimination
*worship* shiny badges, paper and phones so much?  Why is
King George, who couldn't do squat to protect his NYC subjects, pissed that one of his bodyguards-for-life was a little late?
How do you spell relief? C-A-R-C-A-N-O

@_date: 2002-01-13 05:37:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: would an American shoot a fellow American? 
Only after some Amerikans have disarmed most Americans would
some Amerikans have the nerve.
They're working on it.
Otto A.K. Sear

@_date: 2002-01-14 04:37:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ken Taylor: After the fire, into Africa 
After the fire, into Africa	
By JOHN BARTLET
Monday 21 May 2001
Now hear the hollow hills,
now walk on shards,
hear the death of color,
watch white birds hawk the
blackened plains.
Sit among stones,
sing summer songs of dust
and ashes,
and let the lessons begin.
Now Hear the Hollow Hills
With these words, poet Ken Taylor began to put into words the grief and
depression into which he fell after the destruction of his Mount
Macedon home and possessions in the 1983 Ash Wednesday bushfires. It
was his decision to "deal with grief in order to live" and marks the
first poem in Africa, his collection that this week won the New South Wales Premier's Kenneth Slessor prize for poetry. Africa is his first published work for 15 years and indicates the profound effect Ash
Wednesday had on his life. The fires meant not just the loss of house,
possessions, paintings and library but works in progress, journals and
notebooks he had kept during the years he had been developing the
Natural History Unit of Australia.
"It was a major loss for me, a career loss, and an exponential loss,
hard to explain to anyone," he says.
Like many people who have been through this type of disaster, the post
-fire depression was overwhelming and it took Taylor almost 10 years to recover from the experience. "I was lucky to survive," he admits
now. The poems of Africa represent his recovery from that loss.
Taylor was born in Ballarat in 1930 and his life was unsettled by his
father's absence at the war. "My mother suffered on account of this
and it was a difficult time for her. I was sent as a boarder to
Ballarat Grammar School but strangely I enjoyed the life."
Even then, he expected to go to war and went to infantry training
schools in Watsonia and Puckapunyal. His real ambition, at 17, was to leave Ballarat for the wider world,
where he could "have adventures and write books". His "adventures"
included working as a cub reporter in New Zealand, where he covered the
shipping round. One night a British refrigerated meat-boat had to
replace two deserters in order to sail with a full crew. Taylor
volunteered and became a fireman on the ship.
He not only survived the threat of being thrown overboard but also a
force-12 storm in the Western Atlantic.
It was this experience that he wrote into the first of his Africa
poems, "to get rid of the fire, to deal with an enduring, pervasive
sense of depressive grief". He says he needed images of upheaval and
transformation and found them in that experience.
"A little ship like ours would creep up the side of a great wave and
then tip over the top. The screws would race in air and the governors
would cut in like machine gun fire to stop the big engine destroying itself. Then the ship would go down the other side of the mountain."
Taylor was an established writer and film maker by the 1960s. On his
return from a Harkness Fellowship at Cornell University, he was one of
the founding writers of the La Mama Writers Workshop in Melbourne. His
first poems were published in the United States.
He went on to found the Natural History Unit of the ABC in 1969. But he
was never satisfied to record wilderness from a distance and once spent
10 days on a fishing boat riding out a storm in Bass Strait. "I think
I spent 12 hours studying a small patch of red linoleum on the floor
while blue and white water smashed over the wheelhouse," he says.
Over two years, the unit produced 12 films on natural Australia. Wild
Australia was the first series of Australian documentaries to win a
worldwide television audience.
Africa speaks of a man surprised by love, not a mawkish or adolescent
love, but one that is startling and harshly realistic "that happens /
across the stretched white paper / we both walk on." "A long friendship turned into an intense relationship," he says,
"and this made me write again. One day I became conscious I could see
color in the world about me and I wrote of "that / particular silence
as / color seeps into the edges of a washed out / world."
"Poems," he says, "start with a certain thought or observation and
then the pulse takes it on. I'm usually not trying to write for effect,
although there are effects.
"It's a substantial honor for me (to win the prize),coming after 40 years of serious writing and I think it will encourage me enormously."
According to poet and critic Chris Wallace-Crabbe, Taylor's is a "poetry that felt fast, natural spontaneous as though the landscape itself were pouring onto the page in words".
Taylor is a poet who interprets the landscape with an eye that is not European. He credits a long list of people as having shown him the way to look at
landscape- "fishermen, farmers, film makers, pilots, rangers, divers,
scientists, bird people, reptile people, arid land people, station
managers and one publican/pilot". Africa is published by Five Island Press.

@_date: 2002-07-23 04:10:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Do we need a national ID plan? 
You are quite idealistic. Neither the Constitution nor case law matters. Neither constrains the behavior of law enforcement.
"ACLU of CO Sues Federal and State Law Enforcement
Agencies Over Illegal SWAT Raid on Family
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
ednesday, February 20, 2002
DENVER--The American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado filed a lawsuit today alleging that federal and state law enforcement agents violated the constitutional rights of a Pueblo family when they conducted an illegal SWAT-type raid on the family's home with no warrant or other legal authority.
Once again, the war on drugs misses the target and instead scores a direct hit on the Constitution, said Mark Silverstein, Legal Director of the ACLU of Colorado. These government agents had no search warrant, no arrest warrant, and no lawful authority whatsoever.
They carried out this armed home invasion in flagrant disregard of the Fourth Amendment, which forbids unreasonable searches and arrests without probable cause.
According to the ACLU lawsuit, which was filed on behalf of Dan and Rosa Unis and their two college-aged sons, on August 19, 2000, the family was peacefully enjoying the privacy of their home when black-masked, black-helmeted men brandishing automatic weapons and wearing all-black uniforms with no insignias suddenly burst into the house unannounced, kicked the family's dog across the floor and ordered the entire family to "get on the fucking floor."  "
Don't forget to be patriotic.

@_date: 2002-07-31 15:49:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hollywood Hackers 
Such an approach suffers from the "bad guy" occasionally signing a good file, thus placing himself on the trusted signer list.
A better approach is for the downloader to create his own trusted list, along the lines of PGP web of trust. Ideal for exactly this application. The downloader can add and subtract from the trusted signer list at will, with no central control. Since one must expect some trusted signers to get busted and move to the dark side under court order, such downloader control is necessary.
Problematic is that mp3 and other compression processes do not generate bit-identical files. Two perfect mp3 files may have different md5 hashes, for example. A tool for making bit-identical mp3 files from the same digital input is needed, so that a single signed hash can verify the same file from multiple origins.

@_date: 2003-04-13 16:42:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Speaking of book banning! 
A guy just told me that he got stopped for a minor traffic offense and the cop spotted a "how to grow pot" book on his
car seat. Suddenly there were six cop cars there, they searched
him and the car, found nothing, but busted him anyway for "possession of paraphernalia", and he was convicted, given
a $200 fine.

@_date: 2003-08-31 09:20:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
The purpose of this is purely a show and indoctrination.
1. No self-respecting terrorist would go to a fucking library to do terror reading (maybe there is something positive here - I think that we should get protected by pigs from extremely dumb terorists.)
2. No library that I am aware of requires ID to do on-site anything. The same goes for internet cafes and open wireless access points.
3. Buying books for cash is anonymous as it gets - it's unlikely that a library will have something that university bookstore or Internet doesn't have. Again, poor terorists should be caught.
I want to be terorized by professionals.

@_date: 2003-12-09 21:15:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
Let's look at some real-world metric of cpunkish issues:
1. Surveillance and data harvesting.
The main reason many "joined" cpunks (including me) was the issue of wide-spread surveillance and sophistication of data harvesting that computer networks enabled. I could protect my traffic no problemo. And I couldn't care less if some moronic consumer/sheeple type could not. That was not the issue. The issue was that government(s) (there used to be more than one in old times) had too good take on the pulse of the population, and would make less mistakes due to this feedback.
Well, they succeeded and cpunks miserably failed.
There was no way to jam the crypto down the throats of the unwashed. Today most of them keep their e-mails and http pages on disks that belong to LEA-friendly corps - there is no need to intercept - all TLA needs to do is search.
There is more data harvesting today than ever before. It's not even mentioned any more. It's not a news item or a sexy maillist topic.
2. Crypto tools
Widely available. This is a big success. One can readily download PGP or ssh.
Seldom used. I don't count "protect-your CC # with SSL" kind of use.
Only NSA knows, but I'd guess that the number of PGP users is pretty stable in the last decade. The biggest win of the government was removing surveillance from the focus.
My guess is that all the early fuzz about crypto tools was fear that they will be widely used. When it became obvious that it will not happen the fuzz stooped.
ECHELON? ITAR? No one even bothers to mention these any more. But you can safely assume that *all* mail traffic through MAE nodes is archived, along with google queries and that most net users have "files" with histories of search strings and similar. I would be disappointed with the waste of my tax dollars/euros/pounds if this is not the case.
The only way out is new communication technology. Internet is too old and has been completely coopted. We need the Next Thing, now. I don't know what it is but these things seem to come up quite regularly.
So forget about Internet doing anything for the cpunk agenda. Tune in the Next.

@_date: 2003-12-12 05:32:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
The devil is in details.
Given small numbers and absence of any other grouping factor there needs to be an "obvious" place for ZPs to refer to. Any obvious place that becomes even remotely attractive to ZPs will be immediately raided. Because ZPs have potential to be actually dangerous to the gang in power, as opposed to everything else I've seen so far.
So we're back to square one - effective anonymous publishing is prerequisite for the regime change and executing post-natal abortions. And it has been for centuries.
When I say "effective" I don't mean posting a message to Usenet via WiFI-ing into some sucker's open AP. No one gives a fuck for Usenet postings, blacknet etc. - and ZPs are unlikely to educate themselves and search for them. Effective means untouchable web site with untouchable DNS entry. Effective means something doable by average determined person. Like tuning to Radio London from occupied Europe in WW2.
Like I said, we're back to square one - all effective means are firmly shut down. Most cpunk talk about secret/stego messaging is mental masturbation that does not relate to the real thing. We want sex.

@_date: 2003-12-13 18:49:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
A question for the moment might well be how many if any of
the remailers are operated by TLAs?

@_date: 2003-05-19 03:14:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Good things gro-o-o-o-w, in Ontario-o-o-o... 
Tyler thought:
    Not likely. Most people I know buy pot by the quarter or half oz. Some by the oz. Fifteen grams is pretty small amount, just growing one plant will give you a few ounces, even a pound.     OTOH, being able to walk around with 15 grams in your pocket and smoke it
openly, more or less, would be fantastic.

@_date: 2003-11-08 20:06:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
Good stuff. Pigs getting concerned about cryptome means they are scared.

@_date: 2003-11-17 03:34:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks meetings? 
Are the Bay Area Cypherpunks meetings finally dead? It's been ages since I've seen anything about them.

@_date: 2003-10-10 07:06:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: wifi remailer entry points 
The idea of using wifi access points as entry points to the remailer network has been raised before. It seems like a useful service that anyone with an internet connection and a wireless card could offer. It provides cover for the operator's own remailer use, with much lower entry requirements than running a remailer node.
What's the best way to set this up? Some possibilities:
1: Run Mixmaster on the wifi interface. This seems unnecessarily complicated, since users would have to fetch the node keys, and would have to specify the correct remailer as the first hop in the chain.
2: Run a SMTP server on the wifi interface, configured to relay messages to known remailer nodes and refuse all other destinations. Users would have to configure their remailer client to use the server as a SMTP relay.
3: Run a NAT firewall on the wifi interface, configured to allow TCP port 25 connections to known remailers, and block everything else.  Users would have to run their own mail transfer agent.
Option 3 seems to provide the simplest interface for clients running on Unix, since they will probably already have a functioning SMTP agent.  But what about Windows clients?  Do Windows remailer users typically run their own SMTP servers, or do they send via relays?

@_date: 2003-09-07 08:50:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Making fake e-gold sites submit... 
save on desktop as anything.html as plain text. Then run.

@_date: 2004-04-10 10:16:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Meshing costs (Re: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic	 
Myerson, 0674341163 (not to bash Osborne/Rubinstein which I'm sure is good)
Fagin/Halpern, 0262562006 (I know of no book like it)
Olson, 0674537513 (that's Mancur Olson)

@_date: 2004-12-28 07:22:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "State of Fear" by Michael Crichton 
Just finished reading it (It was a Christmas present).
The story involves the heroes foiling a plot by eco-terrorists who attempt to create "natural" disasters in an effort to push their agenda regarding global warming. Along the way the Crichton presents a pretty convincing argument that scientists don't really have a good enough understanding of our climate to really estimate the impacts of mankind and that many of the events claimed to be evidence of global warming are statistically insignificant and contain a huge amounts of bias. In addition, he provides references to many examples where mankind has failed miserably at trying to "manage and preserve" the environment.
He also makes a feast (literally, read the book :-) ) of Hollywood stars who push environmental causes and claim to pine for the more "simplistic and environmentally friendly" life of native islanders all the while living in their huge mansions, driving their SUV's and traveling around the world in private jets.
The title "State of Fear" comes the concept well known to many on the list that best way to control society is via fear. In this case fear of global warming. There are a lot of footnotes and an extensive bibliography of the current research both supporting and debunking global warming.
It will interesting to see if this book makes it into a movie (It almost seems like a rebuttal of the movie "The Day After Tomorrow"). Crichton's other books include, "The Andromeda Strain" (I'm sure most of us old-timers on the list will recognize that one), "Disclosure", "Airframe", and (the one most new subscribers will recognize), "Jurassic Park".
I recommend taking a look.

@_date: 2004-05-18 07:45:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Reusable hashcash for spam prevention 
Recently someone proposed a system which combined ecash and hashcash
for email postage.  The effect is to get a form of reusable hashcash.
Here is some analysis.
There are already proposals and even some working code for hashcash email
postage.  See   This is intended as an anti-spam
measure.  The idea is that to send email, the sender has to create a
"proof of work" token, something which takes a relatively long time to
compute but which can be checked quickly.  The simplest proposal is a
hash collision, as suggested by Adam Back at Spam filter software could be configured so that email containing
a valid hashcash token would be presumptively viewed as non-spam.
Most non-spammers have low volumes of outgoing mail and so they can
generate the necessary hashcash at mail sending time, introducing only
a modest delay.  Spammers however rely on being able to send enormous
volumes of email practically for free, so having to expend potentially
several minutes of CPU time for each outgoing email would make their
actions unprofitable.
The alternative being proposed here is to let there be a way of exchanging
hashcash tokens for ecash-like tokens at one or more trusted servers.
These ecash tokens would not actually be "cash" any more than is hashcash,
i.e. they would not have a specific monetary value, nor would the ecash
servers exchange ecash tokens for cash.  Rather, ecash tokens would
be exchangeable only for other such tokens, and they could also be
"purchased" with hashcash.  These ecash tokens would then be used as a
sort of postage stamp, instead of the straight hashcash tokens in Camram.
There is not a particularly strong need for the ecash tokens to be blinded
or unlinkable, since the value of them is so low.  The servers just need
a way to distinguish good and unspent ecash from bad or spent ecash.
However if they are used and reused for email postage, allowing linkable
tokens would show who was sending mail to whom, infringing email privacy.
Hence it would be desirable for the tokens to be unlinkable, which will
be possible after the Chaum patent expires in 2005.
This is not a crypto anarchy system which would bring down the government
and usher in a cypherpunk utopia.  The value of these cash tokens would
be small, pennies at best.  However it represents an adaptation of ecash
technology for a useful purpose and it would potentially introduce a
limited form of cash-like tokens into widespread use.
This system has pros and cons in terms of spam resistance, versus the
straight hashcash approach.  The biggest difference is that this system
allows for effective reuse of tokens.  You receive a token in an incoming
email, you exchange it at the server for a new one (validating it in the
process), and you use the new one to send out a message.  Reuse is not
possible with straight hashcash, because if people could reuse them,
then people could double-spend them.  If hashcash reuse were allowed,
a spammer could generate a single hashcash token and put identical copies
in all of his outgoing email.
In order to prevent reuse, hashcash tokens must include enough
information embedded in the hash collision to make them unique for a
particular message.  Typically this would include the recipient's email
address, date/time information, and possibly even a message body hash.
Hashcash verification involves checking not only the mathematical validity
of the collision, but that these embedded fields are correct, as well.
The implication of this requirement is that the hashcash token cannot be
generated in advance, but must be created at the time the mail is sent.
This reduces the acceptable amount of time required for a typical user
to create it.  If hashcash could be precomputed overnight, it might be
okay to take even an hour to produce a token.  But if it has to be done
at mail sending time, only a much lower time limit will be acceptable.
As a result, the size of hashcash collisions has to be set low enough for
end users to generate a token in no more than a few seconds or minutes
at most.  And this increases the chance that spammers may be able to
incorporate economies of scale and generate hashcash fast enough to
make spamming still be economical.  Some analyses suggest exactly this
possibility - see for instance
Making hashcash reusable by exchanging it for ecash tokens would fix
this problem.  Instead of the hashcash including information within it
to prevent double use, this would be handled by validating the ecash
or hashcash at the server to make sure it had not been used before.
Now, this means that the spam filter must make an Internet access to
check validity, which was not necessary with straight hashcash.  However,
most spam filters today make many Internet accesses, to check black lists
and other communal resources intended to fight spam.  Adding a check to
validate an ecash token would not change the basic functionality of the
spam filter, or materially slow down its operation.
Preventing reuse via this method means that hashcash will no longer have
to embed the destination and mail-sending times as it does now.  This will
allow hashcash to be precomputed, and therefore much larger computation
thresholds will be acceptable for widespread use.  These larger thresholds
will make the spammers' jobs that much harder.
Another reason why a larger threshold will work is because people will
have other ways of getting ecash tokens besides computing hashcash.
The most obvious would be reusing tokens in incoming email.  Anyone who
gets about as many (non-spam) emails as he sends, which is probably the
case for most people, would have little or no need to compute hashcash
tokens.  Spammers, however, send vastly more email than they receive,
hence they would not be able to benefit from this shortcut.
Switching from hashcash to ecash allows a single hashcash token to be the
foundation for the ecash used to send many pieces of email, sequentially.
This is another advantage of ecash: it is far less wasteful of compute
resources.  Hashcash is thrown away after each use.  Ecash is conserved
and reused.  Eventually we may find that our computer cycles are important
and valuable enough that wasting several minutes of computation on every
outgoing email is unacceptable.  In the long run we need something more
like ecash than hashcash for email postage.
If this system became widespread, it's likely that there will be another
way of getting ecash tokens.  You will be able to buy them.  I proposed
above that the ecash server would not be in the business of buying and
selling, only exchange.  But that wouldn't stop other people from selling
ecash tokens.  Initially this might be done on a small scale via eBay
and Paypal, just like people sell virtual gold and armor from Everquest.
Later companies could spring up which would sell tokens on a larger scale,
all major credit cards accepted.
The reason for such markets is that some people would have a need
for many ecash tokens, and others would have a surplus of such tokens.
People with extra tokens would include those who receive a lot of email;
students and researchers who have access to unused server farms where
they can generate many coins during off hours; and pirates who have
broken into end user computers and commandeered them to compute coins,
without the owners even knowing it.  People who want to buy tokens would
include legitimate businesses with opt-in email lists, and spammers.
It may appear that this system will degenerate into one where hackers
break into systems and generate coins, which are then sold to spammers.
We would get the worst situation possible, where computer thieves have
even more incentive than they do today to attack systems (since they
will be able to make money at it), and spammers are still as much of a
problem as ever.
However, I don't see this outcome as likely.  First, even if such a
market appeared, the spammers wouldn't be getting their tokens for
free.  They'd still have to pay to get them from the computer hackers.
Even a modest fee would enormously increase the per-message cost for the
spammers, who are often sending tens of thousands of messages at a time.
Spam is not going to be made profitable by such a market.
And second, once people start to realize that their unused computer cycles
are at least slightly valuable, they are more likely to take steps to
protect them.  Grad students who misuse server farms to generate stamps
are going to get in trouble, once the Uni realizes that this is theft
of something valuable.  End user break-ins will be more noticeable if
the system is busy all the time generating stamps, and owners will have
more motivation to police their systems and keep them updated if they
know they could be losing money.  (I also believe that we will have much
more secure end-user machines in a year or two with the next generation
of software, which will make this even less of an issue.)
What we are likely to see is that commercial email advertising will
continue, but not in the form of the absurd, scatter-shot spam we see
today, with ads for medications carefully misspelled to evade filters.
For email advertising to be effective in the future, response rates
must rise, which means it will be crafted and targeted.  Your spam email
will be on subjects that interest you, it will be legible and literate,
and won't be such an annoyance.  That seems like an acceptable balance
between freedom of communication and efficient use of email.
If we do see ecash postage being bought and sold for small sums, then
it could evolve into a micropayment architecture good for other purposes
as well.  You're not going to be able to efficiently pay someone thousands
of dollars for some illicit activity using two-penny stamps.  But maybe
you could send a few dozen stamps to a starving musician each time you
download one of his songs, and that could make a difference for him if
all his fans did that.
There are other issues to consider, which are also discussed in the
hashcash proposals.  Over time the threshold for postage needs to
be raised, as Moore's Law makes stamp generation cheaper.  And users
would have to instruct their spam filters to white-list any email lists
they sign up for (a process which should be automated) as mailing list
exploders wouldn't generate stamps for each subscriber.
The biggest problem, of course, is belling the cat: convincing spam
filter makers to include hashcash and/or ecash as a filtering mechanism,
and providing options to include it in outgoing email.  There is an IRTF
(related to the IETF, the technical governing body of the Internet)
task force studying anti-spam technology,  and maybe
someone could propose these ideas there for comment.  It might be possible
to write plugins based on the Camram work that could be used as a proof
of concept.
The technical implementation is not the hard part.  The real work is in
deciding whether this technology would accomplish our goals, and then
convincing people that it is worthwhile installing it.  Given that the
spam problem shows no sign of abating, hopefully it will be possible to
make progress on this issue.

@_date: 2004-05-18 08:01:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman question 
The DH prime is not secret, and will not in general allow an adversary
to decode the message.  Only the private parts of the ephemeral DH keys
used by the two sides are secret, and they are destroyed after use.
The only theoretical concern is that if the DH prime were small enough,
an adversary at some time in the future might be able to break the DH
key exchange by calculating discrete logs mod the prime.  To within a
few orders of magnitude, this is thought to be equally as difficult as
breaking an RSA modulus of the same size.  If your prime is 2000 bits,
then that should be safe for the foreseeable future, unless quantum
computers turn out to be practical for breaking moduli of this size.
In the unlikely event that it becomes possible to break the DH exchange
by attacking the DH prime in this manner, then all key exchanges that
were done using that prime would be broken (assuming they were recorded
for later analysis and attack).  The main work of the break is directed
towards the prime itself.  Once that is done, there is little additional
work to break a key exchange which used that prime.
This is the only reason you might want to think about changing DH primes
occasionally, so that if some super technology of the future were able
to attack even your 2000 bit prime, at least they'd have to run their
program a few times rather than just once.  But really, that's not much
of a security gain, as you're only increasing the attacker's costs by
a relatively small factor.  And at this point the attack would have to
be viewed as extremely speculative anyway.  So there's not much reason
to change your prime.
This is unlike the case with RSA moduli, where you not only have this very
hypothetical risk of a future technology breakthrough to allow factoring,
but you also have to face the genuine threat that the private key will be
exposed or stolen.  Once that happens, all past messages encrypted with
the key will be revealed.  There are good reasons to change RSA moduli
regularly for this reason (of course, most people don't do it anyway,
because of our poor key management tools).  But with DH primes, that is
not a concern, as there is no long-term secret to be lost.  All you have
to worry about is a discrete log breakthrough, and that's not something
to lose any sleep over.

@_date: 2005-04-11 01:25:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DTV Content Protection 
DTV Content Protection
Two content protection systems are in use to protect digital television
(DTV) signals on the wires of American home video systems: HDCP and DTCP.
HDCP is used for the most common digital cable connection to HD monitors,
HDMI, which is a variant of DVI.  DTCP is used for digital connections
to video equipment, especially digital VCRs.  It was originally designed
for Firewire (aka iLink, aka IEEE-1394) but has been extended to USB-2
and Bluetooth, with IP in the works.  Apparently monitors with both HDMI
and Firewire connections would have to implement both.
HDCP is described at  and DTCP at
  The full DTCP spec is still secret unless you
are a licensee and the site has only limited information.
The two systems are very different cryptographically.  HDCP uses a
56-bit keyed stream cipher based on LFSRs.  DTCP uses block ciphers,
either a 56-bit key proprietary block cipher from Hitachi called M6,
or AES with 128-bit keys.  M6 is the default that all devices must
implement.  M6 uses an odd chaining mode called "converted CBC" which
seems to chain the ciphertext into the next block's key material rather
than the plaintext, possibly with an abbreviated key schedule.
Here I want to focus on the key agreement protocol.  Both systems use a
similar approach which has never been formally presented or documented.
For convenience I will call it SKDH, for Symmetric Key Diffie Hellman.
SKDH has some properties of Diffie Hellman key exchange, but it uses
simple addition operations rather than public key functions.  It also has
some properties of identity-based encryption, in that there is a master
key center that issues the private keys to each device.  However it
is not secure against collusion by users who know their private keys,
so would not be suitable for a true IBE system.
DTCP has two key agreement protocols. There is a full protocol which is
EC-DH (elliptic curve Diffie Hellman) and is mandatory for "copy never"
content, ie. pay per view content.  It also specifies a restricted
protocol which is acceptable for "copy once" and "copy no more" content,
that uses the SKDH technique described below.  This will be much cheaper
to implement for manufacturers and is probably used by typical recording
DHCP has just one key agreement protocol and it is of this new type
as well.
SKDH key agreement has not been published but it is presumed that it
works as follows.  There is a secret matrix which is known only to
the agency that issues keys.  Let us call this the Master Matrix, MM.
The system is based on matrix algebra as follows:
Pub1 * MM * Pub2 = shared key.
Pub1 and Pub2 are vectors of 1's and 0's which are the "public keys"
of the two devices, called "key selection vectors" or KSVs.  Each device
is issued such a vector, along with its private keys, which are defined
as follows:
Priv1 = Pub1 * MM
Priv2 = MM * Pub2
Priv1 and Priv2 are vectors of numbers whose size depends on the values
in MM.  Details for the two known implementations are described below.
By associativity, we have:
Pub1 * MM * Pub2 = Priv1 * Pub2 = Pub1 * Priv1 = shared key.
The two parties do a key exchange by giving each other their KSVs,
the public Pub1 and Pub2 values.  Each one then multiples the vector
of 1's and 0's they received from the other side times their vector of
Priv values.  This amounts to simply adding the Priv values selected
by the 1's received from the other side.  Because of the relationship
between the public and private values, this insures that both sides
receive the same shared key.
The analogy to Diffie Hellman which motivated the name SKDH should now
be clear.  Each side receives a public value from the other, combines
it with its own private data, and creates a shared secret.
In HDCP, the MM matrix is 40 by 40, and entries are 56 bits long.  In
DTCP, the MM matrix is 12 by 12, and entries are 64 bits long.
The weakness of this system is that if the the private key vectors are
published, they leak information about the MM matrix.  In principle as
few as 40 private/public key pairs could fully reveal MM in the case of
HDCP, and as few as 12 in the case of DTCP.  This makes the cryptographic
scheme unsuitable for any widespread identity based encryption scheme;
it will only work in a closed system like these, where manufacturers
must take great pains to keep their private keys secret.
Attacks on HDCP
Several attacks have been published and unpublished on HDCP.  The most
famous is from Niels Ferguson, who has announced an attack but will not
publish it for the reasons described at
  According to Ferguson:
"HDCP is fatally flawed. My results show that an experienced IT person
can recover the HDCP master key in about 2 weeks using four computers
and 50 HDCP displays. Once you know the master key, you can decrypt any
movie, impersonate any HDCP device, and even create new HDCP devices
that will work with the 'official' ones. This is really, really bad
news for a security system. If this master key is ever published, HDCP
will provide no protection whatsoever. The flaws in HDCP are not hard
to find. As I like to say: 'I was just reading it and it broke.'"
Keith Irwin has published four (actually five) attacks on HDCP at
  His last one
is perhaps along the lines that Ferguson envisioned, and I will say more
about it below.
Similar concepts are presented in
 by
Scott Crosby, Ian Goldberg, Robert Johnson, Dawn Song and David Wagner.
This paper assumes (unlike Irwin) that attackers have access to the
private keys of chosen devices.  This is a questionable assumption as
it will take very expensive laboratory equipment to extract sensitive
key material from today's protected chips.
Irwin's fifth attack is presented in an addendum.  It involves presenting
random KSVs to a display and using a birthday trick to find the "shared
key" values relatively quickly, which could lead to a break in about
a month.  However Irwin is more pessimistic about the number of displays
and assumes that 74 will be needed to have a good chance of spanning the
whole matrix.  If 50 properly chosen displays are enough then Irwin's
attack would be pretty close to Ferguson's two week time frame.
All of these attacks focus on finding the master secret MM value; once
that is found, the security of the system collapses.  Given a KSV it is
immediately possible to deduce the corresponding private key if you know
the MM.  Although both HDCP and DTCP have mechanisms for revocations of
cracked keys, a total break like this cannot be rescued by revocation.
Attacks on DTCP
DTCP seems not have gotten as much attention from cryptographers, in
part because the details are secret.  But its restricted authentication
handshake uses the same SKDH algorithm as HDCP.  DTCP requires the two
sides to have certificates, but it appears that the receiver of the
data does not check them, so Irwin's random-KSV birthday attack should
still work.  It may take a little longer due to the key size being 64
rather than 56 bits, but this will be somewhat compensated by the fact
that the matrix size is 12 rather than 40.
The time will depend crucially on how quickly a handshake can be
completed with a device, and the DTCP spec is somewhat vague about this.
It's possible that the handshake could be much faster, and then the attack
could complete even more quickly than HDCP.  Since DTCP has only a 12 bit
public key there are only 2^12 possibilities, so these keys will not be
distinct between different devices, but rather will be common across a
model or even across a manufacturer.  This could make it harder to find
12-15 devices with different keys that will span the MM matrix.
The M6 cipher used in DTCP is actually a family of ciphers, and some of
them are attacked in  by John
Kelsey, Bruce Schneier and David Wagner.  However that attack depends
crucially on the use of addition in a certain phase of the algorithm, and
M6 is also documented to use XOR there in some variants.  The specific
version of M6 used in DTCP is not known, and even if the attackable
version is used it's not clear if this would weaken the cipher enough
to make it the weakest link in the chain.
Both HDCP and DTCP use cryptographic mechanisms for which published
attacks have existed for several years, yet deployment proceeds unabated.
Almost all new HDTV equipment in the U.S. implements one or both of
these cryptographic protocols.  As discussed above, if enough private
keys leak or are scraped out, or if Irwin's attack works, the security
of these systems will collapse.
DTCP has a fallback in is its certificate protected, EC-DH based
full authentication mode, using AES-128 to avoid any weaknesses in M6.
It would take years though before existing equipment could be obsoleted
by ceasing to support the restricted authentication mode that uses SKDH.
HDCP has no fallback and it would be necessary to redesign the handshake,
again with a several year lag time for deployment of the updated system.
It will be interesting to see whether these theoretical attacks can
be successfully mounted now that HDTV equipment is widely available.
As the cost continues to drop over the next couple of years it should
soon be practical for hobbyists to begin experimenting with Irwin's
attack and start collecting KSV + private key pairs.  DTCP would be an
even more attractive target as it would allow easy computer recording
of protected data via Firewire, USB2, or IP.  However its reliance on
the much-maligned principle of security through obscurity (keeping the
details secret) may in practice give it a greater degree of protection.

@_date: 2005-02-03 22:25:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
I spent considerable time a couple years ago on these lists arguing
that people should have the right to use this technology if they want.
I also believe that it has potential good uses.  But let's be accurate.
It is not true that the TPM_TakeOwnership command erases and regenerates
the internal keys.  It does generate a new Storage Root Key, which is
used for encrypting local data.  But the main controversy around TC is
the Remote Attestation feature.  That uses a key called the Endorsement
Key, EK.  It is an RSA public key generated on chip at manufacture
time, before it comes into the user's hands.  The manufacturer issues a
certificate on the public part of the EK, called the PUBEK.  This key is
then used (in a somewhat roundabout manner) to issue signed statements
which attest to the software state of the machine.  These attestations
are what allow a remote server to know if you are running a client
software configuration which the server finds acceptable, allowing the
server to refuse service to you if it doesn't like what you're running.
And this is the foundation for DRM.
The point is that the user can't change the PUBEK.  Only one is generated
per chip, and that is the only one which gets a certificate from the
manufacturer.  The private part of this key never leaves the chip and no
one, not the user and not the manufacturer, ever learns the private key.
Now, my personal perspective on this is that this is no real threat.
It allows people who choose to use the capability to issue reasonably
credible and convincing statements about their software configuration.
Basically it allows people to tell the truth about their software in a
convincing way.  Anyone who is threatened by the ability of other people
to tell the truth should take a hard look at his own ethical standards.
Honesty is no threat to the world!
The only people endangered by this capability are those who want to be
able to lie.  They want to agree to contracts and user agreements that,
for example, require them to observe DRM restrictions and copyright
laws, but then they want the power to go back on their word, to dishonor
their commitment, and to lie about their promises.  An honest man is
not affected by Trusted Computing; it would not change his behavior in
any way, because he would be as bound by his word as by the TC software
But I guess Cypherpunks are rogues, theives and liars, if my earlier
interactions with them are any guide.  It's an ironic and unfortunate
turn for an organization originally devoted to empowering end users
to use new cryptographic technologies in favor of what was once called
crypto anarchy.  TC is the ultimate manifestation of anarchic behavior,
a technology which is purely voluntary and threatens no one, which
allows people to make new kinds of contracts and commitments that no one
else should have the right to oppose.  And yet Cypherpunks are now arch
collectivists, fighting the right of private individuals and companies
to make their own choices about what technologies to use.  How the worm
has turned.
A sad illustration of the paranoia and blinkered groupthink so prevalant
on this mailing list today.  Imagine, Dell is providing this chip as part
of a vast conspiracy to restrict the user's rights to his own files.
Anyone whose grasp on reality is so poor as to believe this deserves
what he gets.
The truth is, frankly, that Dell is providing this chip on their laptops
simply because laptop owners like the idea of having a security chip,
most other laptop companies offer them, and the TCG is the main player
in this space.  Dell is neither seeking to advance my liberatarian goals
nor promoting the conspiracy-theorist vision of taking away people's
control over their computers.  The truth is far more mundane.

@_date: 2005-02-05 01:15:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
As far as the question of malware exploiting TC, it's difficult to
evaulate without knowing more details about how the technology ends up
being used.
First there was TCPA, which is now called TCG.  Microsoft spun off their
own version called Palladium, then NGSCB.  But then Microsoft withdrew
NGSCB, and at this point I have no idea whether they will ever offer a
new approach.
Microsoft offered four concepts for its vision, but only two of
them are in the current TCG: Sealed Storage and Remote Attestation.
Microsoft's additional features are Trusted I/O and Process Isolation.
It's possible that TCG may incorporate these eventually, because without
them the security offered by TC is much more limited.
Microsoft's vision for application development under NGSCB involved
splitting programs into two parts, which they called the left hand side
(LHS) and right hand side (RHS).  The LHS was the legacy program, which
had access to the entire Windows API.  It would be responsible for user
interface, I/O, and any non-secure features.  The RHS was the new stuff;
it would run in a special partitioned memory that could not be accessed
even by the OS.  However the RHS would not have access to the full
Windows API, and instead would only get very limited OS support from a
mini-kernel called the Nexus.  The goal was to publish the source of the
Nexus for review and to have it be simple and clean enough to be secure.
Applications would do their security stuff in the RHS modules, which
were called Nexus Computing Agents (NCAs).  These could use the other TPM
features.  They could encrypt data such that only that NCA could decyrpt
it; and they could attest to a remote server or peer about exactly what
NCA was running.  NCAs would also have some kind of secure I/O channel
to input and display devices.  An NCA would be immune to molestation by
virus and malware unless the virus got into the NCA itself, which would
be hard because they were supposed to be relatively small and simple.
Infections elsewhere in the program, in the OS, or in other NCAs would
not propagate to an NCA.
Microsoft's design was sophisticated and (IMO) elegant, and goes far
beyond anything the clumsy, design-by-committee TCG has come up with yet.
Yet NGSCB failed even before it was released.  Experience from early
beta testers was uniformly negative, according to press reports, and the
project was pulled for a redesign.  Nothing has been heard of it for a
year now.
The problem was apparently that this LHS/RHS design was unacceptable to
developers, introducing complexity and requiring a substantial rewrite
of existing applications.  The RHS Nexus API was so primitive that it was
hard to do anything useful there, while LHS functionality was completely
unprotected and received no benefits from the new technology.
So that's where we stand.  Given this uncertainty, it is hard to credit
those who claim that TC will be a golden opportunity for malware.
Nobody really knows what the architecture of TC will be by the time
it is released.  In this respect, Bruce Schneier's comments were the
most accurate and prescient.  Over two years ago he advised adopting a
wait and see attitude, and predicted exactly the kind of revamping and
redesign which is currently underway.
But for the purposes of analysis, let's suppose that Microsoft's original
vision were intact, and that NGSCB with the four features were actually
being deployed.  How might Dan Kaminsky's scenario of an infected
Microsoft Word work out in detail?
First we need to consider how the LHS/RHS split might work for a word
processor.  Most functions are not security related and will be in
the LHS.  Let's imagine a security function.  Suppose a company wants
to have certain documents to always be saved encrypted, and only to be
exchanged (in encrypted form) with other employees also running the secure
Word program.  Nobody would be able to get access to the data except via
this special program.  This could be useful for company-confidental docs.
So we will have an NCA on the RHS which can, under the guidance of
some policy, save documents in encrypted form and locked to the NCA.
No other software will be able to decrypt them because of the Sealed
Storage function of the TPM.  NCA's can exchange documents with matching
NCAs on other computers, using Remote Attestation to verify that the
remote system is running the right software, and to set up a secure comm
channel between the NCAs.  No other software, not even the LHS of Word,
could decrypt the data being exchanged between the NCAs.  And the NCAs
run in secure memory, so that even in an infected computer there will
be no way for the malware to get access to the sensitive data.
So how does Kaminsky's attack work?  He proposes to give some bogus
data to the NCA and infect it.  Now, here's the problem.  The NCA is
a relative small and simple program.  It's not going to have the full
capabilities of the rest of Word.  It has a clean interface and a clean
API to program to.  Everything about the system is designed so that
secure NCAs will be relatively easy to write.
The goal here is to reduce the target size.  Presently the target is the
entire Windows kernel, device drivers, services and all the other things
which run as Administrator.  NCAs and the Nexus will be a much smaller
target, without the burdens of legacy code which make it so hard to
secure a system the size of Windows.  (Of course this same "clean piece
of paper" approach to design is what caused NGSCB to be rejected, but we
are ignoring that for now in this thought experiment.)  This gives us
reason to expect that NCAs and the Nexus will be much harder for virus
writers to hit than the big, fat, juicy target of Windows itself.
But no software is perfect, so let's suppose that some NCAs do have bugs
and can be infected.  Kaminsky is right that these agents would then be
immune to memory-based AV scanners.  Even though the scanners run with
full privileges, they can't see NCA memory.  So this does give a virus
a place to hide.  But what can the virus do?  Remember, NCAs do not
have access to the full Windows API.  They have a much simpler and more
primitive API in the form of the Nexus, and it's primarily oriented around
doing crypto operations.  So a virus can come in and do some crypto.
Big whoop.
It's important to understand that architecturally, it's not like you break
into a "trusted code layer" and can then do whatever you want.  NCAs are
still protected from one another.  The Nexus is protected from NCAs.
The only single point of failure is the Nexus itself, but as I said it
is designed as a micro kernel set up for open review.  This is the one
piece of code they would focus most intently on making bulletproof.
The other problem with breaking into an NCA is that if it changes the
memory footprint of the agent, the agent will lose access to its own
sealed storage.  The sealed data is locked to the hash of the agent, so
if the agent's code is altered, unsealing will no longer be possible.
The virus can't even get access to the sensitive documents the NCA
was protecting.
Based on these considerations, attacking NCAs does not seem to be a
productive avenue for malware writers.  The other possibility is for virus
writers to do as they do now, ignore the RHS and just go after Windows.
As Steve Bellovin points out, they can still delete files, send out
copies of themselves, and wreak other havoc.  What good is TC against
this threat?
The benefit of TC is that data which is secured by NCAs would be immune
to discovery and disclosure by malware which broke into the rest of
the machine.  This could include financial account numbers, passwords,
records and other important documents.  We have already seen viruses
which scan disks for things that look like credit card and account
numbers, and probably these will increase in the future.  Just being
able to have a secure, hardware protected vault for hiding this data
will be an important step forward for security.
Other kinds of applications will also benefit from immunity to malware.
Any network application can use remote attestation to make sure that
its servers, clients or peers are running intact, in secured and
isolated memory, on a TC enabled system.  One example which has been
proposed is secure election software.  It would be crazy to think about
Internet voting with today's PCs, but running a voting client as an NCA
would enable safe voting even on a malware infected PC.  Another idea,
which should be near and dear to the cypherpunk heart, is a TC secured
remailer network.  Each remailer could verify that the others in the net
were running unmolested, and even remailer operators would be unable to
monitor traffic passing through their systems.
TC will not stop the malware threat, but it aims to bypass it, by letting
designers create a new generation of applications which each runs securely
in its own world.  This would stop the worst feature of today's systems,
that a failure in one part of the PC makes the whole thing insecure.
That will be a major step forward for the security and usability of the
next generation of computers.
If the technology is allowed to exist, that is.

@_date: 2005-02-05 05:34:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
I don't believe this is correct.  The TPM does not verify any signatures.
It is fundamentally a passive chip.  Its only job is to store hashes
of software components that the BIOS, boot loader and OS report to it.
It can then report those hashes in attestations, or perform crypto sealing
and unsealing operations in such a way that sealed data is locked to
those hashes, and can't be unsealed if the hashes are different.
and then asks:
You might want to look at enforcer.sourceforge.net for some ideas.
They created a Tripwire-like system which does a secure boot and compares
the software that is loaded with "approved" versions.  I don't remember
if they used signatures or hashes for the comparison but presumably
either one could be made to work.
Marcel Popescu's message was mostly content free (I love the way he
thinks its OK to lie as long as it's in English! - remind me never to
trust this guy) but he did ask one non-"rethorical" question:
IBM T43 and Thinkpads (over 16 million TPMs shipped as of last year).
HP/Compaq nc6000, nc8000, nw8000, nc4010 notebooks.
Toshiba Dynabook SS LX, Tecra M3 and Portege M205-S810.
Fujitsu Lifebook S7010 and LifeBook E8000 laptops; T4000 and ST5020 tablets.
Samsung X-Series.
NEC VersaPro/VersaProJ.
and now Dell Latitude D410, D610 and D810.

@_date: 2005-02-05 22:12:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What is a cypherpunk? 
Well, that's fine, nobody's forcing you to buy anything.  But try to think
about this from a cypherpunk perspective.  "Fair use" is a government
oriented concept.  Cypherpunks generally distrust the collectivist wisdom
of Big Brother governments.  What fair use amounts to is an intrustion
of government regulation into a private contractual arrangement.  It is
saying that two people cannot contract away the right to excerpt a work
for purposes of commentary or criticism.  It says that such contracts
are invalid and unenforceable.
Now, maybe you think that is good.  Maybe you think minimum wage is
good, a similar imposition of government regulation to prevent certain
forms of contracts.  Maybe you think that free speech codes are good.
Maybe you support all kinds of government regulations that happen to
agree with your ideological preferences.
If so, you are not a cypherpunk.  May I ask, what the hell are you
doing here?
Cypherpunks support the right and ability of people to live their
own lives independent of government control.  This is the concept
of crypto anarchy.  See that word?  Anarchy - it means absence of
government.  It means freedom to make your own rules.  But part of the
modern concept of anarchy is that ownership of the self implies the
ability to make contracts and agreements to limit your own actions.
A true anarchic condition is one in which people are absolutely free
to make whatever contracts they choose.  They can even make evil,
immoral, wicked contracts that people like you do not approve of.
They can be racists, like Tim May.  They can avoid paying their taxes.
They can take less money than minimum wage for their work.  They can
practice law or medicine without a license.  And yes, they can agree to
DRM restrictions and contract away their so-called fair use rights.
One of the saddest things I've seen on this list, and I've seen it many
times, is when people say that the laws of their country give them the
right to ignore certain contractual elements that they have agreed to.
They think that it's morally right for them to ignore DRM or limitations
on fair use, because their government said so.  I can't describe how
appalling I consider this view.  That anyone, in this day and age,
could consider _government_ as an arbiter of morality is so utterly
bizarre as to be incredible.  And yet not only is this view common, it
is even expressed here on this list, among people who supposedly have
a distrust and suspicion of government.
I can only assume that the ideological focus of this mailing list has
been lost over the years.  Newcomers have no idea what it means to be a
cypherpunk, no sense of the history and purpose which originally drove
the movement.  They blindly accept what they have been force-fed in
government-run schools, that government is an agency for good.
That's one interpretation.  The other is worse.  It's that people on
this list have sold out their beliefs, their ideals, and their morality.
What was the bribe offered to them to make them turn away from the
moral principles which brought them to this list originally?  What was
so valuable that they would discard their belief in self ownership in
favor of a collectivist worship of government morality?  Simply this:
free music and movies.
The lure of being able to download first MP3s and now video files
has been so great that even cypherpunks, the supposed defenders of
individual rights and crypto anarchy, are willing to break their word,
violate their contracts, lie and cheat and steal in order to feed their
addictive habit.  They are willing to do and say anything they have to in
order to get access to those files.  They don't feel the slightest bit of
guilt when they download music and movies in direct contradiction to the
expressed desire of the people who put their heart and soul into creating
those works.  They willingly take part in a vast criminal enterprise,
an enormous machine which takes from the most creative members of our
society without offering anything in return.  And this enterprise is
criminal not by the standards of any government or legal code, but by
the standards of the morality which is the essence of the cypherpunk
worldview: the standard of self ownership, of abiding by one's word,
of honoring one's agreements.
This poisonous activity has penetrated to all parts of internet based
society, and its influence has stolen away what honor the cypherpunks
once possessed.  Its toxic morality ensures that cypherpunks can no
longer present a consistent philosophy, that there is nothing left but
meaningless paranoid rantings.
I challenge anyone here to answer the question of what it means to be
a cypherpunk.  What are your goals?  What is your philosophy?  Do you
even recognize the notion of right and wrong?  Or is it all simply a
matter of doing whatever you can get away with, of grabbing what you can
while you can, of looting your betters for your own short term benefit?
Is that what it means to be a cypherpunk today?  Because that's how it
looks from here.

@_date: 2005-03-06 00:03:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: End of a cypherpunk era? 
Ian Grigg writes at
: FC exile finds home as Caribbean Brit
: Vince Cate (writes Ray Hirschfeld) created a stir a number of years ago
: by relocating to the Caribbean island nation of Anguilla, purchasing a
: Mozambique passport-of-convenience, and renouncing his US citizenship
: in the name of cryptographic and tax freedom.
: Last Thursday I attended a ceremony (the first of its kind in Anguilla)
: at which he received his certificate of British citizenship.
: But Vince's solemn affirmation of allegiance to Queen Elizabeth, her
: heirs and successors was done for practical rather than ideological
: reasons. Since giving up his citizenship, the US has refused to grant
: him a visa to visit his family there, or even to accompany his wife to
: St. Thomas for her recent kidney surgery. Now as a British citizen he
: expects to qualify for the US visa waiver program.
: Is this the end of an era, a defining cypherpunk moment?
"Cypherpunk" responds in the comments:

@_date: 2005-03-06 06:20:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: End of a cypherpunk era? 
That would certainly be conducive to destruction, but I imagine we'd see
a lot more than just "the infrastructure of oppression" being destroyed
in such a world.  The problem, vs your dolphins, is that nukes can be
delivered anonymously, hence used without fear of retribution.
No, I don't think every society in the world falls into one of these
two categories.  Don't you recognize that we live in a world where there
are neither perfect shields nor perfect weapons?
Unfortunately, cypherspace even more than cyberspace tends towards the
perfect-shield side of the equation.  You can't harm a person if your
only interactions are anonymous communications.  About the worst you
can give him is a stern talking-to.  If your social analysis is correct,
then cypherpunk technologies are going to make online interactions even
less polite, friendly and respectful.
Still, if we could achieve mutual respect and freedom in the physical
world, we would happily pay the price of increased rudeness online.

@_date: 2005-03-11 20:09:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MD5 collision method published 
At last, the secret of how to make MD5 collisions is out!
See   This includes
the Wang report, probably the one which will be presented at Eurocrypt:
As a bonus, it includes an independent reconstruction of the attack by
Vlastimil Klima, The attack has two parts: finding a first block which almost collides,
then finding a second block which eliminates the differences left after
the first block.  Klima claims that his method is much faster for the
first part, taking only 2 minutes compared to an hour for the Wang method.
However he was not able to match the Wang performance for the second part;
his method is 80 times slower for that.  He predicts:
"It may be expected that after publishing the Chinese method the overall
time for finding a complete collision can fall down to as less as 2
minutes on a PC notebook."
Well, now Wang has published her method, linked there on Klima's web site,
and so it should be possible in principle to put them both together.
No source code is published, but we can create it from the papers.
I guess I know what I'll be hacking on this weekend!

@_date: 2005-03-23 20:19:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Golden Triangle Drug Traffic Arbitrage? 
Actually, Tim May has some understanding of economics.  The notion
that heroin is an ideal medium for arbitrage because its price is a
"pure function of supply and demand (as opposed to cost of material)"
betrays a deep and abiding ignorance.
All commodities that exist outside of government regulation have prices
that are functions of supply and demand.  Heroin is no different than
any other commodity in that regard.  The notion that heroin has no cost
of material is especially absurd.  Do you think they can just conjure
it up out of thin air?  Nonsense.  Heroin, like any other commodity,
has significant costs to create, and those are what controls its supply.
One difference with heroin is that it has very high costs to transport and
distribute, relative to its creation costs.  That actually makes it worse
for arbitrage.  Arbitrage depends on making a profit due to regional
price differences.  But in the case of heroin, price differentials
are often reasonable and reflect the local costs of distributing and
selling it.  Heroin may be cheap in one place and expensive in another,
but that does not signal a profitable arbitrage opportunity; rather,
it merely reflects the differing costs of doing business in those regions.
If the yuan is actually cheaper than it should be because of being
pegged to the dollar, there's a much easier way to take advantage of the
arbitrage opportunity: simply buy goods in China and sell them in America.
And guess what, thousands of Chinese export companies do just that,
making money off the economic downhill slide that China has erected
spanning the Pacific.  This effectively forces Chinese workers to be
paid less than they are worth, decreasing their savings and acting as
an economic stimulus for China as a whole.
