
@_date: 1994-12-17 11:07:14
@_author: Conrad Walton 
@_subject: Religous Repression 
A while ago, I too was flamed on this list. PMO (pissed me off). I'm
relativly new, having only been here a year and was afraid to post at
first. After getting flamed by the likes of perry, lucky and the 'old
gang', I too unsubscribed for a while.  TCMAY was the one of the few with a
voice of reason and rationality in the midst of the immature fire storm.
You can tell there's too many college pukes on this list.
Seems like any who dares to disagree with the "cpunkly correct" religion
around here gets flamed. For all the talk about "freedom", "privacy", and
"personal choice", there is is zero tolerance for difference of opinion on
this list. I'm tired of this religious repression here. If you don't agree
with the status quo, then you'll be flamed forever. (Maybe that's what the
bible means by the Lake of Fire.....) I still subscribe, but I sure delete
a lot of notes before reading them. You can be sure I will be doing that to
the flame I expect back from this note.
I was gonna write this a while back and figured it would do no good. It
still won't, but I'll feel better. Tim wrote a note recently about civility
and I was encouraged. Now, I'm just pissed. This doesn't apply to everyone,
but screw all you intolerant, narrow minded bigots.
There. I feel better now.
Conrad Walton                        cwalton at earthlink.net
Without JOY there can be no STRENGTH.
Without STRENGTH, all other VIRTUES are worthless.
                                                            Edward Abbey

@_date: 1994-11-22 20:01:07
@_author: Conrad Walton 
@_subject: Cell Phones Security - NOT! 
Well, as one who owns an AOR 1000 radio frequency scanner that can receive
any and all cell phone conversations, I would have to say you have no
security unless you use some kind of voice encryption. In order to make you
can feel warm and safe, the manufacture or importation of scanners with
cell phone capability was outlawed by congress earlier this year, which
means that I can still listen to your call with my existing scanner while
you feel protected. I bought guns with high capacity magazines this year
after they were banned also. I wish I had enough money to buy a good
assault rifle before they're all over priced (they'll never be all gone,
just over priced.)
Conrad Walton
cwalton at earthlink.net
"The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow
the ... people to carry arms.   --  Adolph Hitler,  Edict of March 18, 1938

@_date: 1994-09-05 12:57:02
@_author: Conrad Walton 
@_subject: Reputations/Credentials 
I'm afraid I don't understand what you guys are talking about.  My wife and
I bought a car on Saturday.  We drove it away, based on what the dealer's
computer printedout from his TRW inquiry. My personal credit (tied to my
Social Security Number)is terrible. My wife's is pristine. We used hers.
(Is this "transference of reputation? Could *I* use a couple different SSNs
for different "reputations"?) They asked about how much $$$ she makes, how
long we've lived in our house and looked at the record of payments on other
loans. They took a copy of her driver's license (credentials?) and TRW
calculated a "risk factor" for us. It was a specific number, between
1-1000. This sounds like a reputation kept by a third party (escrow agent?)
to me.
My actions (good conduct) will be based on (enforced?) by the non material
and semi-quantifiable value of the TRW credit report, not coercion (I want
more stuff in the future). TRW seems like a "reputation reporting agency".
I can take a copy of that print out into another bank and get another loan
if I wanted. Is that a "credential"? What's the difference? and what are
the implications of the difference?
Give me a better model to illustrate what you think would be better or
worse. Drug dealers only need cash and a gun to make transactions while
they keep totally anonymous. Futures traders need a credit line and a
government registered agent to work through and have *no* privacy, but more
money than I'll ever make.
But this is like saying that a credit card has no value. While this is
technically true, in reality, where I live, I can turn that credit card
into food, gas, stereos and computers. If I don't pay my bill at the end of
the month, they won't give me anymore stuff.
Reputations *and* credentials both have nothing to do with the value, worth
or character of a person, but I don't think the car dealer cares if I kick
my dog, only if I pay my bills.
PS- I lost the note about Sandy's Privacy  Seminar. Did I miss it?
Conrad Walton                        cwalton at earthlink.net
Without JOY there can be no STRENGTH.
Without STRENGTH, all other virtures are worthless.
                                                            Edward Abbey

@_date: 1994-09-05 22:09:07
@_author: Conrad Walton 
@_subject: \"Reputations\" are more than just nominalist hot air 
I think the distinction between "reputation" and "credential" is an
important one in this context.
I would be interested in discussing "the interesting issue of what the role
of cryptography will be in establishing  in a
possibly-pseudonymous business network", i.e. TRW credit reports, drivers
licenses, or ATM cards (all of which may or may not be tied to a reputation
or to a valuable, wonderful person - doesn't matter to me. Will I get my
money outta the deal?).
Conrad Walton                        cwalton at earthlink.net
Without JOY there can be no STRENGTH.
Without STRENGTH, all other virtures are worthless.
                                                            Edward Abbey

@_date: 1994-09-10 12:00:26
@_author: Conrad Walton 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchist Manifesto 
And is it possible to obtain a copy of your 1988 "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto."?
Sounds like fun. FTP Site?
Conrad Walton                        cwalton at earthlink.net
Without JOY there can be no STRENGTH.
Without STRENGTH, all other virtures are worthless.
                                                            Edward Abbey

@_date: 1995-07-31 19:47:06
@_author: Conrad Walton 
@_subject: The Net (short movie review) 
I've been talking with a friend for years about PGP and crypto stuff. He
wasn't interested. Yesterday, he saw The Net. Now he can't wait to learn
how to use it.
This is a good thing. I hope it's a popular movie too.
Conrad Walton | cwalton at earthlink.net |
