
@_date: 1996-07-16 16:59:39
@_author: Cynthia Deno 
@_subject: Practical Solutions at USENIX SECURITY Symposium 
The 6th USENIX Security Symposium - Focusing on Applications of Cryptography -
is coming to San Jose.  You may want to attend.
July 22-July 25, 1996
6TH USENIX SECURITY SYMPOSIUM
Fairmont Hotel, San Jose, California
Sponsored by the USENIX Association
Co-sponsored by UniForum in cooperation with the Computer Emergency Response
Team There will be refereed papers, panel presentations, invited talks,
Birds-of-a-Feather sessions, and an informal Vendor Display.  The symposium is
offering two days of tutorials.  Tutorial speakers include Ed DeHard, CERT; Dan
Geer, Open Market; Jon Rochlis, BBN Planet; Marcus Ranum, V-One; Matt Bishop, UC
Davis; and Bruce Schneier, Counterpane Systems.  Practical solutions to UNIX security will be dissected, debated, and refined.
New research on public key issues, electronic commerce, safe working areas, and
secure communication.  There will also be sessions on the latest version of
Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), Internet Firewalls, and the C2Net Privacy model.
Tutorial topics include:  Implementing Cryptography; World Wide Web and Internet
Security; Comparison of UNIX Security Tools; and Security for Software
UniForum has organized a track especially for managers.  It offers a
comprehensive overview of computer security as it relates to open systems from a
manager's perspective.  The UniForum panel sessions cover:  Security and
Privacy; Electronic Commerce; Cryptography Infrastructure; and Cryptography and
the Law.
Admission is free and open to the public for the small, table-top Vendor Display
taking place Wednesday July 24, Noon - 2:00 pm and 3:00 - 7:00 pm in the
Fairmont Hotel.  Call Cynthia Deno 408 335 9445.
Complete program and registration information is available on the USENIX home
page on the Web at  usenix.orgemail or email to info at usenix.org
(state "send security conference" in body of your message).

@_date: 1996-06-23 07:07:57
@_author: Cynthia Deno 
@_subject: Practical Solutions at USENIX SECURITY Symposium 
If you are responsible for your company's computer security,
you may want to attend the 6th USENIX Security Symposium - Focusing on Applications of Cryptography, in San Jose, CA,
July 22-25, 1996.
There will be refereed papers, invited talks, BoFs, and Vendor
Exhibits.  Tutorial speakers include Ed DeHard, CERT; Dan Geer,
Open Market; Jon Rochlis, BBN Planet; Marcus Ranum, V-One; Matt Bishop, UC Davis; and Bruce Schneier, Counterpane Systems.
For detailed information, please visit our Web site:
 or send email to: conference at usenix.org.

@_date: 1996-05-07 12:46:57
@_author: Cynthia Deno 
@_subject: Security Solutions at USENIX SECURITY Symposium 
6th UNIX Security Symposium
        Focusing on Applications of Cryptography
                     July 22-25, 1996
                Fairmont Hotel, San Jose, California
Sponsored by the USENIX Association, the UNIX and Advanced Computing Systems Professional and Technical Association
Co-sponsored by UniForum In cooperation with: The Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) and IFIP WG
The Symposium is offering day-long tutorials, refereed papers, panel
presentations, invited talks, a vendor display, and Birds-of-a-Feather sessions.
Practical solutions, especially cryptographic approaches, to UNIX security will
be described, dissected, and expanded.  Ron Rivest of MIT delivers the Keynote
Address to kick off the intensive Technical Sessions.  New research on public
key issues, electronic commerce, safe working areas, and secure communication
will be examined in 21 peer-reviewed technical presentations.  UniForum is
sponsoring panel discussions on Security and Privacy; Electronic Commerce,
Cryptography Infrastructure, and Cryptography and the Law.  There will also be
sessions on the latest version of PGP, Internet Firewalls, and the C2Net Privacy
model.  Tutorial topics include:  Implementing Cryptography; World Wide Web and
Internet Security; A Comparison of UNIX Security Tools; and Security for
Software Developers.
Three new features have been added this year.  An informal Vendor Display will
allow hands-on demonstration of security products.  (Vendors may call Cynthia
Deno at 408 335 9445 or email to display at usenix.org.)  USENIX is sponsoring a
secure Internet connection in the Terminal Room.  And, USENIX members will be
able to sign up for the PGP Key Signing Service.
For the complete program and registration materials, visit our Web site:
 send email to: info at usenix.org (your message should
contain the line "send security conference"); or contact the USENIX Conference
office at 714 588 8649.

@_date: 1996-10-29 15:18:10
@_author: Cynthia Deno 
@_subject: USENIX Annual Conference & USELINUX, January 6-10, 1997 
January 6-10, 1997
USENIX 1997 TECHNICAL CONFERENCE Anaheim, California, Marriott Hotel
Linux Applications Development & Deployment Conference
Co-located with USENIX 1997 Technical Conference
Co-sponsored by Linux International
Attendees may pay one fee and attend both conferences.
There are 20 day-long tutorials offered on January 6-7.  Topics include:
IPv6                             Kerberos Approach to Network Security
Secure Java Programming            Introduction to Java
Windows NT and Windows 95     UNIX Network Programming
How Networks Work                  Topics in System Administration
Web Security                 System and Network Performance Tuning
Inside the Linux 2.0 Kernel            Java Applets and the AWT
UNIX Security Tools            CGI and WWW Programming in Perl
Administering a Web Server            Device Drivers under Linux
Solaris System Administration            Beginning Perl Programming
Writing Secure Code               Creating Effective User Interfaces
Java, the Web, Intranets, Security, Windows NT are among the topics of the
Technical Program which takes place January 8-10. It begins with a keynote
address by James Gosling, a creator of Java.  23 refereed papers present
up-to-the-minute research.  A second track of invited talks cover cryptography,
Inktomi and AltaVista Search Engines, IPv6, benchmarks, and a new networked
operating system from Bell Labs that offers unprecedented portability for
applications and services.
Linux Torvalds speaking on the future of Linux, is one of the highlights at the
Linux Applications Development and Deployment Conference.  USELINUX will offer
tutorials and technical presentations for developers. Concurrently, those
interested in the Linux marketplace may attend case studies and expert
presentations on how to create a Linux-based business.
An Exhibition on January 8-9 offers presentations of the latest hardware,
software, and networking products from 55 vendors.
ADMISSION TO THE EXHIBITION IS FREE.  If you cannot make it to the conference
but would like to visit the exhibition, please contact Cynthia Deno at 408 335
9445 or cynthia at usenix.org.
For more program and registration information:
Access our Resource Center on the World Wide Web--
Email to: info at usenix.org.  In the body of your message state "send usenix97
conference"
