
@_date: 1996-11-04 20:09:52
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: "Montgolfiering" mindlessness 
Yes, I misspelled your name and that is why I sent the separate copy
to you. I apologize for misspelling your name.
Kindest regards,
Don Wood>

@_date: 1996-11-04 20:18:09
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Montgolfiering Spoof 
That person is not about to get a lawsuit from me about anything. I
have more important things to do with my time. I enjoyed it very much
myself and had a good laugh too. Please keep it up, you are good at it.
Kindest regards, Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-04 20:23:57
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Montgolfiering Spoof 
I do not intend to bring any lawsuit about any spoof. I have more
important things to do with my time. I enjoyed it too  and had some good
laughs. Keep it up, it helps us to keep everything in perspective,
Kindest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-11-04 22:50:11
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D. - MONTGOLFIERING, SPOOFS + 
I recognize that the vast majority of list readers are
         sensible human beings trying to better the profession they
         love and serve the interests they represent.  As such,
         readers of this thread do not need me, or a claque of
         snivelers, to determine the probity of the impartations being
         made. You are capable of determining that for yourselves.
         This posting is not meant to in any way denigrate your
         important work or to challenge the efforts being made by the
         vast majority of you to be objective, civil, fair and to
         examine the facts and determine the truth to the best of your
         abilities.
         Accordingly, most of the commentary included in this posting
         is directed toward the hallucinating thralldom of a dozen or
         so self proclaimed cryptographic jackadandies who beneath
         their public veneer are simply a flock of flaccid jackanapes.
         As proof of that thesis, look at the transpirations of the
         past few weeks.
         Preamble:
         In law school, potential attorneys are drilled in the three
         prong postulate:
         1. If you can argue the facts, argue the facts, the
            evidence.
         2. If you cannot argue the facts, then argue the law,
            Shannon and Sneider.
         3. If you cannot argue the facts, or the law, then attack
            the opposition, the people presenting the facts.
         Another statement parable is "if you do not like the message
         attack the messenger."
         This stratagem can be applied not only to the courtroom but
         to any affray.
         Evidence:
         1. The cabal of pedants has looked at the IPG web site in
            detail, as evinced by their frequent citing of materials
            that were not theretofore set out in any of the postings
            made to this list. Where did they get it?  Obviously from
            the web site.
         2. They quickly discerned that they could not possibly argue
            the facts as proved by the fact that not a single one of
            them have deigned to do so.  They quickly realized that
            algorithm was unassailable from their extremely limited
            low level of competence.  Actually, it cannot be attacked from
            any level of competence as close analysis of same will reveal.
            I bet none of that eau de vie crowd has ever cracked real
            ciphertext in their life. They live in a self hypnotic fantasy
            mirage world. Obviously, they are incapable of breaking real
            encryption systems. Oh, they have posited all kinds of
            crackbrain scheme for breaking systems under some silly
            hypothetical scenario - most of which have been forseen
            and solved decades ago by people who are real professional
            cryptographers.             I could pose a theory of broad jumping from New York to London
            too. All I would have to do is to jump two feet high and be
            traveling at a velocity of roughly 63,360,000 feet per second,
            only about .067 c, and I COULD make it. Some of the
            self presumed cryptographic jackadandies' hairbrain schemes
            are even more obtuse than that.          3. Unable to attack the algorithm because of their gross
            impotence, they started citing their law. They attacked my
            position that the stream cipher was an OTP, citing
            Shannon as proof that was not the case. In essence
            invoking the oracular doctrine of Shannon infallibility.
            They skim over Shannon, read Schneier and then get on their
            pulpit and preach their version of the Gospel and to all of us
            mere mortals  because they are totally incapable of solving
            real life applications of cryptography. They spout meaningless
            turkey gobbleddegook instead of actually doing it. As noted
            before,
                 their information = P log_base_infinity P,
             and as is equally evident,                their disinformation = P log_base_0 P              I acknowledged the truly unique contribution that Shannon
            has made to cryptography, communications and related
            fields and the coessential redound on Schneier for the
            codification of cryptography.  However, my position is
            that Shannon mathematically proved in absolutism only the
            limitations that we must work within, not what can be
            done within those delimiters.
            Accordingly, I argued that the disputation was a matter
            of semantics. I agreed that the algorithm did not have
            infinite entropy but it was still an OTP because it
            fulfilled the other basic tenants of an OTP in all
            respects saving entropy. I further asserted that the
            entropy question was immaterial because the entropy of
            the algorithm was far greater than any possible practical
            need, by tens of thousands of orders of magnitude.  Such
            rationale fell on parti pris deaf erudite ears.
         4. As a result, I realized that from my vantage point such
            an argument was counter productive at the very best.  As a
            result, I took the OTP issue off the table by agreeing,
            as I had stated on numerous occasions, that the algorithm
            produced noncommunicative stream ciphers, PRNG streams
            that manifested remarkable random like properties, though
            they certainly are not random.
         5. Deprived of their dogmatic dictums with respect to IT,
            those detractors, like all disconcerted confuters since
            the dawn of human controversy, turned to the use of
            sophomoric fustigation. They imagine themselves as
            a clique of cryptographic superdupers; but in this
            case they were overwhelmed by the strength of the algorithm,
            which pricked their hyper-inflate egos. That in turn, led to
            their futile efforts to try to strike back and cudgel the
            source of their foil as they vented their acute frustrations.
            In this case, since many of them are obviously very
            bright and articulate, their resultant falderal is very
            adroit and humorous.  Even though being the butt of their
            lampoonery, I nonetheless was highly amused, got some
            good laughs, found it entertaining and was flattered by
            the expended efforts of the author(s).
            Although I recognize that it was not intended to be so, I
            found it to be exemplary raillery. Levity can help all of
            us to keep serious matters in perspective and I applaud
            the authors for their jocose entertainment.  Keep it up,
            not only is it fun, it also helps everyone to see through
            the smoke screens in order to discern the real underlying
            truths.
         6. Note that during the whole discourse and postings made to
            this thread, not a single individual has critiqued
            the algorithm itself. Not many of them will even own up to
            having looked at the algorithm, much less having
            attempted to analyze it and assess its strengths or
            weaknesses.  Get real.  How many readers really believe
            that all of those fast cryptographic guns would ignore the
            real, very simple, algorithm in unison if they stood a ghost             of a chance of cracking it? Any talk of a mediocre pecunary
            reward for breaking the algorithm is giddy poppycock and
            everyone knows it. They would much rather have the             satisfaction and pride that they were the one that gigged me,             the only rub being that that is patently impossible .               Each individual in that elitist cabal obviously salivates
            at the opportunity to crack the algorithm and throw it
            back in my face since my postings have raised seemingly
            heretic controversy. It should be clear to all readers of
            this thread, that with a possible exception or two, those
            detractors have looked at the algorithm and realize it
            far exceeds their meager cryptanalytic abilities.
            Accordingly, it is transpicuous that they have resorted to
            trying to use their turkey flapdoodle to cloud the issue since
            they have nothing of substance to reason upon. They could not
            crack their way out of a wet Kleenex with an unlimited
            number of gigaton thermo nuclear weapons.             Perry Metzger and others have even used inculcative
            factoids to try to claim that the algorithm had been
            broken.  What they were referring to of course was the
            algorithm that was posted a few months ago.
            As several then cypherpunks know, that first algorithm
            was posted to try to get some of the list sharpshooters
            committed. I believed that those intellectual cowards
            would leap at the opportunity to display their prowess if
            confronted by weakness; while on the other hand, that same
            small flock of turkeys would inevitably run for cover,
            flapping their wings,  and spluttering out puny excuses
            and their turkey gobbledygook if confronted by strength,
            just as they are now doing.             I wanted to show up gross hypocrisy for what it is,
            pure spineless cowardice by that gashouse, in more ways
            than one, gang.  As a result, I posted that first
            algorithm with the intention to answer back with the real
            algorithm fairly quickly.
            However, a few cypherpunk confidants recommended that IPG
            provide the capability for the users to generate all
            their own keys in order to erase that stigma against the
            algorithm. In addition, some of them also urged me to
            prove some of the statistical contentions that I was
            making instead of just stating them. Accordingly, I
            decided to do those two things and to reconstruct the web
            site accordingly.
            Further, one very helpful cypherpunk gave me a number of
            references which required me to go to the University of
            Texas in Austin in order to research them. In doing that,
            and as result of that research and testing, I changed the
            algorithm slightly; most importantly, from using a linear
            congruential generator as the method of providing the
            algorithm seed, to a nonlinear congruential generator
            method..  That is, I added two lines to the seed generator
            engine, to wit:
                       DO                                   (ADDED)
                         JV = JV+1
                         IF JV = 53 THEN JV = 0
                         A[JV]=( A[JV] + B[JV] ) MOD C[JV]
                       WHILE ( A[JV] AND 16384 ) = 1         (ADDED)
                             or in effect
                       (WHILE  A[JV]  > 16383  )
            Copyright 1996 by Donald R. Wood. All rights reserved.
            NOTE: The 53 is a variable.
            All this took time, and before we could completely
            regroup, 5 months had passed into history.
            That does not negate what I was trying to establish
            though. That is, that the alleged highly  puissant
            sharp shooters are in reality just a bunch of impuissant
            intellectual cowards feeding everyobne cryptographic pablum.
            They leap like wilding pit bulldogs at perceived weakness and
            like all fraudlent impostors completely, and very
            conveniently, languish from rational reality when they face
            strength. They fancy themselves as a school of great white
            sharks plying the waters of cryptography but in reality, they
            are merely little batty harmless blowfish pumping themselves,
            and each other, up with "write bites" of pompous flattery,
            self and group veneration, and other fawning, obsequious
            giddiness.
         Having set out my view of the derogators, the remainder of
         this posting, excepting the one obvious paragraph, is intended
         for all readers. I trust that most readers will not be diverted,
         or dissuaded, by the myopic view of traducers. Computer software,
         is becoming infecte with obsessive compulsive technical interests
         that are attempting to lead  us down the primrose path to
         intricacy and complexity that will eventually result in much
         lower productivity and fewer users.
         Microsoft Office is a perfect paradigm of such sophistry
         being used to deceive - it does not increase productivity at
         all, au contraire, in the words of Scott McNealy it serves as
         a serious impediment to real productivity - what does 23
         fonts, 45 colors and all kinds of other unnecessary
         paraphernalia add to content, understanding and ultimately
         productivity.  Misplaced appeal to aesthetics has all but
         supplanted the much more important goal of making us, and the
         interests we serve, more efficient and more productive.
         Such a course, if not corrected, will eventually lead to,
         among other things, our World Wide Web becoming a Gordian
         tangle in terms of usage by the vast majority of technically
         impaired users.  I am not alone in raising this issue of
         everything becoming too complex and too complicated for
         potential users.  My very weak voice is merely being added to
         the far more weighty enunciations of McNealy, Ellison,
         Andreessen, Jobs, and other industry illuminaries.          Nowhere, is that usage gap between the technophiles and the
         technophobes more pronounced than it is in the use
         of encryption. If we do not keep it simple and easy to use,
         we will impose defacto standards that only the technically
         exceptional, such as readers of this, will be able to use.
         That is an important part of what the IPG EUREKA algorithm
         and system is about: Making it simple and easy for neophytes
         to use, and work with.
         Certainly EUREKA is not a panacea for all encryption needs.
         For example, it is obviously NOT the best solution for
         the problems relating to conducting commerce over the
         Internet.  Further, without question, RSA, PGP, ENTRUST, and
         other encryption systems fill very important exigencies.
         Where EUREKA shines is in three important strategic user
         applications:
            1. To set up a permanent line of Internet/intranet
               communication privacy between two, or a group of,
               individuals. As a result, pass phrases, session
               encryption keys, and other work impediments of that
               genre can be eliminated.
               While applicable to everyone, this is especially true
               of newbies, computer novices, technophobes, and other
               non-techies. It is easy to make it transparent to
               clerks, secretaries, attorneys, accountants, brokers,
               insurance agents, administrators, law enforcement
               personnel, and others to whom the computer is merely a
               necessary implement used to perform their job.
               EUREKA is much faster, more secure,  easier to use, and
               more flexible than other systems for this application.
               As such, it is ideal for business intranets, or mixed
               Internet - intranet systems.
               It is also ideal for private use by two individuals or
               a small group of friends and family.
            2. To protect your private hard disk files, programs or
               data, from compromise by hackers and interlopers. In
               this application it is unsurpassed because differential
               analysis, and other attacks that can be made to
               evolving files is rendered impossible and it is
               extremely fast. It is simply the best product available
               for this application, though it has some limitations in                terms of partial file access and reencryption that will be
               relieved in the months ahead.
            3. For the mass distribution of proprietary content over
               the Internet. Using authentication codes, similar to
               military codes of the day, a manufacturer can easily
               encrypt and transmit software products of all types to
               an unlimited number of users.
            Where do we go from here? As you read this, many companies
            and individuals have purchased, are purchasing, copies for
            test and evaluation under the newly announced limited
            moneyback guarantee offer set out in our web site at:
                      netprivacy.com
            As set out, we are temporarily offering PC compatible
                  systems:
                  1. For encrypting and protecting your hard disk
                     files from hackers and interlopers for    $19.50
                  2. The same as 1 plus encryption of e-mail and other
                     files for transmission on Internet for    $29.50
                  3. A six pack, six of the number 2 package above for
                     trial use by corporate intranet users for $99.50
            All prices include S&H but NOT state taxes where
            applicable. Our unconditional money back guarantee also
            includes guaranteed free updates, currently being
            developed by independent software developers, through
            December 31, 1997.
            I realize that there are many Sancho Panza minds out there,
            who mistakenly think they speak for all list members, and will
            then go and say that no one will bother with the product.
            They have already been proved wrong. They are not by any             means Rozinantes, they are mere inferior Rozins, Playtyrs at
            best,  Kyrie  Eleison kryson.              In addition, Coderpunks, Cypherpunks, and other Internet
            users have committed themselves to helping IPG to improve
            the EUREKA system, to make it even easier to use, to
            significantly increase the performance ( by at least an
            order of decimal magnitude), to develop it on other
            platforms, and the other things that must be done if it is
            to achieve its potential. Some of these product revisions
            and enhancements should be available late this year and
            others next year.  Stay tuned for the results of these
            efforts.
            Such efforts are in response to our offer set out at:
                          netprivacy.com/mlmplan.html
            Therein, as you may know, we explain how we intend to
            develop and market the IPG products using Internet. As
            described, instead of establishing an inhouse organization
            to do those things, as well as system testing & evaluation
            and system engineering, we plan to use independent
            developers and agents over Internet. That way, effort will
            be rewarded on a competitive merit basis.  We believe this
            will be the wave of the future..  Exceptional talent,
            working out of their own homes, located in the place of
            their choice.  These people will be creating product that
            will be marketed by other creative people working from
            their place of choice.
            Find out how you can participate at.
                     netprivacy.com/mlmplan.html
            IPG will NOT COMPETE with its software developers or its
            marketing agents. If you can build a better mousetrap, or
            invigorate the marketing effort, you will be rewarded
            commensurably.  Even if it is not a better mousetrap, you
            will still receive pecuniary participation for your
            efforts.  There is a huge upside potential with very
            little downside risk, except for your time. Others have
            got in on the ground floor of opportunities like this,
            here is your chance. This offer is of course currently
            limited to U.S.  and Canadian citizens.
            The software development kit has been reduced down from
            $395.00 to $39.50 on a limited offer basis.
            We anticipate that we will withdraw these limited offers
            on December 31, 1996.
         See for yourself. Prove it to yourself. Also, remember, the
         algorithm is available at:
                            We would be very proud to work with you in a synergistic          effort to improve ourselves and to produce products for the
         cryptographicand other markets. Contact us oprivately if you are
         interested,
         With kindest regards,
         Don Wood,
 linear
            congruential generator as the method of providing the
            algorithm seed, to a nonlinear congruential generator
            method.  That is, I added two lines to the seed generator
            engine, to wit:
                       DO                                   (ADDED)
                         JV = JV+1
                         IF JV = 53 THEN JV = 0
                         A[JV]=( A[JV] + B[JV] ) MOD C[JV]
                       WHILE ( A[JV] AND 16384 ) = 1         (ADDED)
                             or in effect
                       (WHILE  A[JV]  > 16383  )
            Copyright 1996 by Donald R. Wood. All rights reserved.
            NOTE: The 53 is a variable.
            Running statistical tests on the encryptor stream with
            the two lines included versus excluding the two lines,
            revealed that using them was much stronger from every
            vantage point. There is sound mathematical reasons why
            that is true, which succinctly as possible is because it
            generates a more even distribution of the seed values,
            ( 0,..,16383 ), with the addition of the two lines.  I had
            experimented with the modified form before I posted the
            first algorithm but had tentatively rejected it
            because it decreased overall performance and did not seem
            to be necessary - I simply did not recognize its
            importance at that time.
            However, subsequent testing caused me to change my mind
            because the standard deviations, Chi Squares, 1st
            differences and each and every one of the other
            statistical tests proved that the addition of the two
            lines produced more random like resultants. In addition
            the revised algorithm, with the two added lines, makes it
            impossible to block the algorithm output stream in the
            absence of the specific As, Bs and Cs used.
            All this took time, and before we could completely
            regroup, 5 months had passed into history.
            That does not negate what I was trying to establish
            though. That is, that the alleged highly  puissant
            sharp shooters are in reality just a bunch of impuissant
            intellectual cowards.  They leap like wilding pit
            bulldogs at perceived weakness and like all impostors
            completely, and very conveniently, languish from rational
            reality when they face strength. They fancy themselves as
            a school of great white sharks plying the waters of
            cryptography but in reality, they are merely little batty
            harmless blowfish pumping themselves, and each other, up
            with "write bites" of pompous flattery, self and group
            veneration, and other fawning, obsequious giddiness.
         Having set out my view of the derogators, the rainder of this
         posting, is intended for all readers. I trust that such
         readers will not be diverted, or dissuaded, by the myopic
         view of traducers. Computer software, is becoming infected
         with obsessive interests that are attempting to lead us down
         the primrose path to intricacy and complexity that will
         eventually result in much lower productivity and fewer users.
         Microsoft Office is a perfect paradigm of such sophistry
         being used to deceive - it does not increase productivity at
         all, au contraire, in the words of Scott McNealy it serves as
         a serious impediment to real productivity - what does 23
         fonts, 45 colors and all kinds of other unnecessary
         paraphernalia add to content, understanding and ultimately
         productivity.  Misplaced appeal to aesthetics has all but
         supplanted the much more important goal of making us, and the
         interests we serve, more efficient and more productive.
         Such a course, if not corrected, will eventually lead to,
         among other things, our World Wide Web becoming a Gordian
         tangle in terms of usage by the vast majority of technically
         impaired users.  I am not alone in raising this issue of
         everything becoming too complex and too complicated for
         potential users.  My very weak voice is merely being added to
         the far more weighty enunciations of McNealy, Ellison,
         Andreessen, Jobs, and other illuminaries of our industry.
         Nowhere, is that usage gap between the technophiles and the
         technophobes more pronounced than it is in the use
         of encryption. If we do not keep it simple and easy to use,
         we will impose defacto standards that only the technically
         exceptional, such as readers of this, will be able to use.
         That is an important part of what the IPG EUREKA algorithm
         and system is about: Making it simple and easy for neophytes
         to use, and work with.
         Certainly EUREKA is not a panacea for all encryption needs.
         For example, it is obviously NOT the best solution for
         the problems relating to conducting commerce over the
         Internet.  Further, without question, RSA, PGP, ENTRUST, and
         other encryption systems fill very important exigencies.
         Where EUREKA shines is in three important strategic user
         applications:
            1. To set up a permanent line of Internet/intranet
               communication privacy between two, or a group of,
               individuals. As a result, pass phrases, session
               encryption keys, and other work impediments of that
               genre can be eliminated.
               While applicable to everyone, this is especially true
               of newbies, computer novices, technophobes, and other
               non-techies. It is easy to make it transparent to
               clerks, secretaries, attorneys, accountants, brokers,
               insurance agents, administrators, law enforcement
               personnel, and others to whom the computer is merely a
               necessary implement used to perform their job.
               EUREKA is much faster, more secure,  easier to use, and
               more flexible than other systems for this application.
               As such, it is ideal for business intranets, or mixed
               Internet - intranet systems.
               It is also ideal for private use by two individuals or
               a small group of friends and family.
            2. To protect your private hard disk files, programs or
               data, from compromise by hackers and interlopers. In
               this application it is unsurpassed because differential
               analysis, and other attacks that can be made to
               evolving files is rendered impossible and it is
               extremely fast. It is simply the best product available
               for this application.
            3. For the mass distribution of proprietary content over
               the Internet. Using authentication codes, similar to
               military codes of the day, a manufacturer can easily
               encrypt and transmit software products of all types to
               an unlimited number of users.
            Where do we go from here? As you read this, many companies
            and individuals have purchased, are purchasing, copies for
            test and evaluation under the newly announced limited
            moneyback guarantee offer set out in our web site at:
                      netprivacy.com
            As set out, we are temporarily offering PC compatible
                  systems:
                  1. For encrypting and protecting your hard disk
                     files from hackers and interlopers for    $19.50
                  2. The same as 1 plus encryption of e-mail and other
                     files for transmission on Internet for    $29.50
                  3. A six pack, six of the number 2 package above for
                     trial use by corporate intranet users for $99.50
           rant way than _any_ government has ever in history behaved

@_date: 1996-10-13 19:41:58
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative  to 
That is pure unadulterated B.S.  That is only a flimsy, ruthless pretext,
without any foundation whatsoever, to usurp human freedom itself.
The use of such "Chicken Little tactics - the sky is falling," is an
unvarnished absurdity. The sky is not falling, in the U.S. and a few other places, people are trying to protect their own unbridled oligarchies
and elsewhere, where such irrational tactics are being used, it is
only being used to disguise the real motive of maliciously
seeking to subject others to their will and power. Is it not absolutely, absurdly  dichotomous,  to say the very, very least, that China, Burma, North Korea, North Viet Nam, Iran, Iraq, Cuba, Germany, the Mossad, the FBI, the NSA, the CIA, the DIA, and various
others, who are otherwise mutually exclusive groups are completely
in accordance, in this joint effort to oppose strong cryptography? There
has to be something wrong, terribly wrong somewhere, and there is! Has any
of the latter group given thought that if so many of their adversaries are
in agreement with them on this issue, then there may be some compelling
reasons to  provide others with the privacy of communication tools that
will enhance,.aide and abet those who are seeking precious freedom around
the world?
If we prohibit strong, unbreakable, cryptography, we are depriving
a great number of our fellow human beings seeking such freedom from
tyranny, of an valuable tool that they can use in the pursuit of that
noble cause. Is that not far more important and far more precious to all
who cherish freedom, than some irrational fear of how criminals and
terrorists might use cryptography for malevolent activities? Who are we going to support? Those few who might use cryptography to break
the law along with those who seek to usurp liberty and freedom - or all of
the millions of law abiding citizens around the world along with those who
seek to free themselves from the chains of despotism. We cannot have it
both ways. It must be one or the other, and the choice is clear! If we allow the terrorists and criminals to control our future course,
then we all will become victims of those terrorists and criminals.
We have very little to lose, if anything, and a great deal to gain. The
balance scale is not even close!  . Obviously, though I strongly object to Jim's espousing of anarchy
in achieving certain ends, in this limited instance I believe Jim is
absolutely right. If you are pregnant, you are pregnant; there is no such
thing as partial pregnancy or partial freedom  and security. Under such
arcane principles, we would all be at the absolute mercy of purely
arbitrary government regulations. The underlying reason that governments, or governmental agencies,  advance
the theory that using strong, and yes even unbreakable, encryption aids
criminals and terrorists is to perpetuate their oligarchical powers, be it
in Burma or here in the United States. Fortunately, in the United
States, at least the perpetrators rationalize that they are doing what is
right for all of us; nevertheless, they are using their "Chicken Little -
the sky is falling," tactics to protect their own personal empires too,
either consciously or subconsciously.. The sky is not falling, far from it, careful reflection reveals that those
who oppose strong, or unbreakable, encryption,  are always talking about
some vague potential threat  as opposed to real threats. Criminals and
terrorists will always find the ways and means to carry out their
nefarious activities, with or without strong cryptography, it might
take a little more time, but they will find the way to do it. On the other
hand, all of the other millions of us, 99.99%+ of the users,  who seek
only to advance ourselves and the interests that they rightfully serve
can never achieve our objectives without strong, unbreakable, encryption
technology. , nit to mention all of those who can use it for good and
noble cause which advance human freedom.
Would we ever consider outlawing automobiles because they kill tens of
thousands of people around the globe each year. Automobiles, drugs,
cigarettes, alcohol and other causal agents kill far more people and are far more dangerous, by several orders of magnitude, than
strong encryption technology.   The benefits of encryption security and privacy far outweigh any
deleterious problems associated with criminals and terrorists. It is not
even remotely close.  An information society must encompass the capability to have absolute
privacy and security if it is to achieve its promise to make us a better
world. One of those promises is that it will eventually free all humans
from the power of despotic oppressors. We must struggle but 'We will
overcome.' Freedom denied, except where PROPERLY tempered by the harm it
might cause to others, is tyranny; and preventing us from using
unbreakable cryptographical systems is an obvious denial of free speech
and every other freedom that humans hold dear.
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-10-16 19:26:54
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D. 
Some of you have sardonically written to say "Nihil Est
         Demonstrandum," N.E.D. because an OTP must be derived from a
         hardware source, that is, it must be a pure random sequence
         of limitless entropy. Accordingly, they unbashfully assert
         that an OTP generated by a computer program is not possible.
         How do they know that? Does the Bible tell them so, or the
         Koran, or do they get it from the Torah? Why not cite the
         source of their certainty instead of advancing an unsupported
         proposition.  I do not mean to be rude, but excuse me, what
         scientific proof can they offer for that immovable avowal?
         There is no scientific proof whatsoever, none at all, except
         for the words and their steadfast, and maybe self serving,
         postulate.  Accordingly, obviously it is they, not us, who are
         the ones that have "Nihil Est Demonstrandum," in this matter.
         There is not one scintilla of sustainable evidence to support
         such a doctrine.
         While the vast majority of people knowledgeable about
         cryptography have not heretofore believed that it is possible
         for software to produce an OTP, that does not make it a
         scientific fact, but merely means it is the consensus of
         scientific opinion that it is not possible. With all due
         respect to Bruce, and his exceptional work, Paul, Roy and many          others who obviously know the subject matter of which we speak, I
         offer that  history is replete with scientists supplying proof of
         the seemingly impossible.
         In support of their position, some have pointed out that John
         von Neumann, to paraphrase, stated that ARITHMETIC cannot
         produce random numbers, a thesis which I agree with; but
         where is that, in any way inconsistent with IPG's position on
         EUREKA?  IPG has produced a system to generate software OTPs,
         albeit it within limited but more than ample entropy, not
         software random numbers.
         We stipulate the obvious fact that the encryptor stream
         generated by EUREKA is a PRNG stream, though we do consider
         it gross denigration to castigate it as ONLY a PRNG stream.
         It is a PRNG issue that also happens to be an extremely well
         behaved OTP sequence, with limited but ample entropy, as well.
         It meets each and every criteria rationally established for an
         OTP in all reasonable aspects. Subjected to any and all
         statistical analyses, the EUREKA PRNG stream manifests itself as
         being random, though we know, as a scientific fact, that it is
         not.
         To substantiate that posit, and unlike the consensus of
         scientific opinion, obviously N.E.D., that believes that
         software cannot produce an OTP, IPG offers "Quod Erat
         Demonstrandum," Q.E.D. scientific proof that we can produce
         a humungous number of software OTPs sufficient to meet any and
         all current or future requirements.
         You do not need to be an Einstein, a Hawking, or a von
         Neumann, to understand the fundamental basis of the IPG
         EUREKA algorithm. Succinctly as I can , that is, given a truly
         random key of entropy N, and possibly truly random look up tables
         of combined entropy M, it is possible to generate up to N
         streams of characters of a length in this case of
         approximately 10^223, that manifest themselves as true OTPs.
         Think about that simple supposition for a moment. What do we
         mean by an OTP? We mean that an OTP is a stream of
         characters, or numbers, that cannot be derived in the
         absence of the key that was used to generate them, or
         alternately by trying all possibilities of that said key.
         Thus, when using the resultant as an encryptor stream, the
         only information derivable from the ciphertext is the
         determination of the maximum possible length. Furthermore,
         by using the exclusionary proof, you cannot preclude any
         possible message of that said length.
         If you think through that hypothesis, it becomes clear that
         such is not precluded by von Neumann's proffer, or by
         fundamental mathematical principles. The question then, is
         how can you go about doing that? That is all that IPG has
         done.  We have figured out a mathematical certain way, (
         Q.E.D.), of generating N number, or rather a number very
         close to N, of OTPs from a given key of entropy N, and we can
         prove it.
         Not only that, but you can prove it to yourself, Q.E.D.  We
         maintain that it is discernible to any knowledgeable person
         who probes the algorithm, that the only analytical tack that
         can be mounted against EUREKA is brute force and that is
         patently impossible. One of your Cpunk colleagues says he
         uses Triple DES, 168 bits, and he does not believe that it
         can be brute forced - I agree, 3-DES, 10^50+ possibilities,
         cannot be brute forced now, or in the foreseeable future -
         then what about the EUREKA's 10^34322 possibilities,
         10^34271+ greater than 3-DES? No way, not now, not ever.
         Furthermore, EUREKA is an order, or more, magnitude faster
         than triple DES, easier to use, much more secure, etal.
         Another has suggested that if the key, and all the variables
         are hacked, then the system can be compromised. That is true,
         but again excuse me, does not that apply to any system,
         whether it be RSA, PGP, IDEA, and yes also a hardware sourced
         OTP.  EUREKA's only edge in that regard is that built in
         means that facilitate safeguards which minimize such risks.
         EUREKA is not a panacea for all your encryption needs.  RSA,
         PGP, ENTRUST, and other systems fill very important
         exigencies. Where EUREKA shines brightest is in two important
         strategic user applications:
            1. To set up a permanent line of Internet/intranet
               communication privacy between two, or a group of,
               individuals. As a result, pass phrases, session
               encryption keys, and other work impediments of that
               genre can be largely eliminated.
               While applicable to everyone, this is especially true
               of newbies, computer novices, technophobes, and other
               non-techies.
               It is much faster, easier to use, and more flexible
               than other systems for this application. As such, it is
               ideal for intranets, or mixed Internet/intranet
               systems.
            2. To protect your private hard disk files, programs or
               data, from compromise by hackers and interlopers. In
               this application it is unsurpassed because differential
               analysis of changing files is rendered impossible and
               it is extremely fast.
         See for yourself. Prove it to yourself, Q.E.D. The IPG
         algorithm is available at:
                                        or a condensed version at:
                            P.S. My resume can also be found there
                   P.S. Have any of you received the long:
 Phoenix arisen from the ashes posting that we made on 10-06-96 weird things are happening.

@_date: 1996-10-20 16:27:58
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D. reply to Perry Metzger 
As in so many other cases, you are so F.O.S. that it is
unbelievable. Your eminence pontificating about it does make
it true. Furthermore, Shannon certainly did not prove that
physically random numbers are required to provide what he termed "perfect
security." I believe that closer reading and interpretation will reveal
that what he was saying was that any mathematical series other than truly
random numbers can theoretically be reconstructed by some means, including
brute force, should that be required.  Obviously that is true.
I do not disagree with the fact that brute force can be used to
attack the algorithm that I have advanced. It you try all of the
possible OTPs, PRNG encryptor streams, against the ciphertext, then only
a limited few and maybe only one meaningful plain text can be obtained.
There is absolutely no dispute about that. Accordingly, Shannon
is quite correct in saying that it is not "perfect." It is not perfect in
a mathematical sense, and in that limited sense only, you are correct.
However to try all possibilities, is mathematically impossible - thus the
algorithm must be attacked analytically - as EVEN you, or anyone else,
will be able to clearly see, if you examine the algorithm, it cannot be
attacked analytically. My algorithm most certainly does NOT produce a theoretical pure Random
Number Stream, accordingly it is a PRNG, but it most certainly does
produce an OTP that meets each and every requirement of such, other
than some theoretical definition that you seek to impose on it by your
dogmatic words. You do not have to take my word for it, the FULL
ALGORITHM, which has never before been published, is set out on our web
site.  There is no mathematical proof that my PRNG streams are not an OTP -
because they are OTPs. There are 156.8816 megabytes of raw encryptor
stream data at our site. They constitute 10 OTPs, all using the same key,
only the message numbers vary.but with different message numbers only.
You are so vane, so crass, so dogmatic, so blinded by your opinions,
that you obviously look at yourself in the mirror wheneever given the
opportunity. You do niot know what the hell you are constantly
pontificating about. talking aboutand including the one under discussion
herein. Why not show everyone your prowess by telling us what the key and
the As, Bs, and Cs, are they were used to generate the 156.8816 megabytes
referred to above. Of course, you cannot, so you bray like an ass to cover
up your crypto impotence.
  See above
 See above
See above and below
See above
See above and below.
It is absolutely possible, Q.E.D.
More of your meaningless B.S. - Obviously you wrote your reply before
you read my entire message.
You saying it, like a lot of other supercilious crap that oozes out of
you brain as "write bites," does not make it so. All kinds of crap is
running loose up there, you need to get it under control someway. It is absolutely not perfect in the Shannon sense, but it does not have to
be theoretically perfect to fulfill the requirement of being an OTP. You
definition of an OTP, or a OTP as you mistakenly refer to it, is an
extraneous mathematical definition that people have mistakenly
extrapolated from Shannon.   There you go again, pulling things out of you crazy hat, head, running
off at the brain again, stating a falsehood and hoping that people will
overlook it. I assume that you held a seance with von Neumann and he told
you that from the great beyond, since that is clearly not what he said. A
careful reading of von Neumann does not reveal that he said one thing and
meant another. He used the word ARITHMETIC, if he meant something else he
world have said so. Furthermore, he was referring random numbers, and to
repeat emphatically, my algorithm is a PRNG, but  it  also happens to be
an OTP, as we can prove. Q.E.D.    It is a stream cipher, but it is also an OTP, just as a hardware sourced
RNG is a stream cipher that is also an OTP.
Did you see the movie, Dumb and Dumber - you are obviously getting dumber
and dumber and dumber - would I have come back to you 5 months later with
the same thing - you are obviously brain dead - as I have stated on
numerous occasions, the previous proffer was only a part of the overall
algorithm, to solicit help from some of the cypherpunks, which I did get. The so
called breaking with "Known Plain Text," was an absolute farce, it
would have applied to only one message where it could be applied, if at
all - it did not apply to the whole system, each OTP was, and is
completely different - but that is beside the point, we did make some
changes to negate other possible attacks, but those were modest changes.
Any one that looks at the algorithm, which obviously, as a self proclaimed
crypto Diety, you have not deign to do, can determine that it is in now
way what you have looked at before.
You say that Shannon, or you, or someone can prove that
mathematically, so let's see someone do it. 156.8816 megabytes of raw
encryptor stream output should be enough to work with - if you need more,
I can provide same.   I agree  that theoretically it can be broken by
brute force but that is patently impossible as you can quickly discern if
you examine the algorithm and try it, instead of salivating your
mouth off with baseless blabber. Obviously, my algorithm does not produce
a pure random stream. I agree with Shannon that it is not "perfect,"
but it most certainly is perfect enough to meet any and all practical
requirements, now and forever. There you go again, strutting about and spreading your pretentious turkey
droppings, manure,  all over the place. As you know, I headed the OTP group at NSA, and while there I conceived and
implemented, under the direction of Abraham Sinkov, Dottie Bloome, Leon
O'mera and William J. Cherry, LONE STAR, the Library of ONe time pad
Encryption Statistical Analysis Routines. I was responsible for the
generation and computer analysis of OTPs at NSA. I have worked on
thousands of OTPs, both in the generation of, and comprehensive analysis
of same, including looking for repetitive usage of the same OTP, including
direct as well as nth degree derivatives, over the last 40 years, at NSA
and at Mauchly-Wood. I make no claim that I am the world's greatest OTP
authority, or even an authority on them like you obviously THINK you are,
but I think that I have more than a little knowledge about the subject of
That brings up something that utterly fascinates me. Which is your
frequent oblique writings about VERONA, or is it VENONA, or maybe it is
VERONICA, or maybe even VERONIKA - anyway you know what I mean. Would you
be so kind as to enlighten me, us, about that subject - I would like to
finally find out what really happened from an authoritative source. How
were we able to break some of those messages. Please help me, us, out with
details instead of blabber. For those who have not seen my resume', it together with dozens and
dozens of references, many of whom are well known, and some of whom you
may know, is posted on our web site, but obviously that does not prove
anything, except to provide a point of reference. The point is that we have disclosed the complete algorithm, for the first
time at the web site, so let's see someone provide us with the key or the
ABCs. Our server is downloading an enormous number of the
algorithms/data/statistical tests, over 1,000 so far, so we assume
someone is testing it and evaluating it. And for you to claim that my contention is analogous to comparing bread
to an automobile, petty nonsense and mindless hyperbole. Obviously something different from what YOU, and most others,
mistakenly think it means. It is not some esoteric, theoretical
mathematical meaning that has no relation to our real world. It is a tool
to encrypt and decrypt messages with, it is not a mathematical formula. If
you say that a random number sequence is not generated, I agree. If
however, you go on and add that, "thus by definition it is not an OTP,"
then that is patently and absolutely a false statement, though subscribed
to by most of the cryptography community. You are a mix-master
stirring up cryptography and IT, and you simply cannot homogenize
them into a fully blended mix.  I assert that an OTP is a tool used for encryption which by definition,
can never be used again, and which consists of a sequence of bits which
can not be derived by any POSSIBLE, not theoretical but POSSIBLE, means.
Granted, our stream could theoretically be derived by trying all of the
possible 10^34322 keys/table values, but that is theory, it is absolutely
clear that there is no way to try all the possibilities, or even the first
800 bits of an encryptor stream. Any relatively informed mathematician
can quickly discern that there is no analytical attack that can be made
against the stream, it is that simple,  as readers/evaluators will find.
If the only method of cracking the system is by brute force, and that is
impossible, then it is absolutely an OTP for encryption and decryption
purposes, which is its purpose - it is not something to define in IT
writings. Our algorithm is absolutely not perfect in the theoretical
sense but it is PERFECT as far as the ability to determine the underlying
plain text is concern.
To repeat, we have made some a changes, and for the first time disclosed, detailed, the FULL ALGORITHM  at great length at our web site. The reason
that you do not want to argue that is obviously because you are absolutely
impotent in that regard and you are unable to dispute facts, so you
blindly conjure up some witches brew of words and think that people will
never know the difference. To paraphrase John Dean, the truth will always
come out and your ass braying will never stop that truth. Don Wood,

@_date: 1996-10-20 19:26:52
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Apologies and Clarifications - 
First of all, I would like to sincerely apologize for my personal attacks
on Perry. It is the first time that I have ever done that and I apologize
for wasting you time and mine in that regard. He is obviously going to try
to pontificate and rehash the old forever. Accordingly, to paraphrase
Chief Joseph, "from where the sun now sits, I will fight Perry Metzger
no more, forever." I further apologize for any offense that you feel that
I may have caused.
As to other matters:
         Instead of replying to the attacks being fabricated          by Perry and other I have opted to recapitulate the matter
         at hand as perspicaciously as my limited abilities permit.
         As we know, Shannon was not a prolific writer. We also know
         that IT has not advanced very far during the 50 years since
         Shannon's nascent ground breaking work. Why? Because of the
         very issues that are at the heart of this matter. The
         differences between black, white and all the multitude hues
         of grey in between. I am extremely skeptical, and believe
         many readers may be too, of people that go around flaunting
         their understanding of Shannon, entropy and its application in
         absolute unequivocal mathematical terms. I hold that such a
         position, except in terms of delimiters, does not reflect an
         understanding of Shannon's impartations but au contraire, it
         is evidential proof that they  do not have any real
         appreciation of Shannon at all.  That is in no way intended
         to denigrate Shannon's very important contribution to our
         endeavors.
         I embrace the predicate that Shannon in terms of mathematical
         certainty has only defined the boundary conditions of the
         playing field within which we must play our games. If we
         stray outside that field, we are errant in the absolute
         sense. If we however play within those mathematical certain
         boundaries, we may be in error for other reasons, but Shannon
         cannot be cited as the casual agent.
         The recondite "parti pris" hijacking of the definition of the
         term OTP on the basis of conflict with  Shannon is ludicrous,
         when such usage is apodictically within Shannon's delimiters.
         I have witnessed several definitions of an OTP which I
         maintain are entirely consistent with Shannon. Among such
         are: An encryption where any ciphertext may in fact be an
         an encrypted expression of any plaintext of the same or
         lesser length; or an encryption where the only information
         obtainable from the ciphertext is the maximum plaintext
         length; and so forth. All of these definitions have the
         essential quality that at the bit level, they can be reduced
         down to the equation:
                 Pb xor  Ub = Cb
         where Pb is a Plaintext bit, Ub is an Unknown bit and Cb is
         the resultant Ciphertext bit. Of course the combining form is
         normally XOR, but could be table lookup, modulo additive, or
         other. The important thing is that so long as only Cb is
         known, it is impossible to determine either Pb or Ub.
         If somehow the Ubs can be subtracted or cancelled out, as for
         instance by any discoverable reusage of Ub, even in a
         derivative form, then you may be able to recover some or all
         of the Pbs.
         The assertion that an Ub must be an Rb, a truly Random bit,
         is irrelevant ideology unless there exists the means to
         convert the Unknown bit, Ub, into a Known bit, Kb.
         That is the sublime basis of the IPG algorithm, which is to
         generate a stream of "unknown bits" which cannot be
         analytically reconstituted in the absence of the OTP
         generator key, and possibly other related key like
         parameters. The additional caveat of course is that the key
         cannot be guessed, nor can it be derived from brute force
         methodologies, both of which are patently impossible with the
         IPG algorithm. You do not have to be a Stephen Hawking to
         comprehend why that is a fact; each of you, with possible
         minor exceptions, will be able to discern that because it
         quickly becomes self evident as you ply the algorithm.
         There are those who will advance the contention that the
         ciphertext cannot in fact represent any possible plain text.
         That is incontestably true. In fact with reasonably long
         ciphertexts, say for example an encrypted FAX, unlike a
         hardware sourced OTP, there will only be one meaningful plain
         text that can be derived from the resultant ciphertext.
         Does that mean that a given ciphertext might not represent
         any plain text of that same, or lesser, length? One would
         think so, since it obviously cannot. The problem being
         though, is exactly how do you go about proving that any given
         plain text cannot be represented by a known ciphertext. There
         are two prongs to such a proof, both of which must be
         substantiated in any specific case at hand:.
         1. Inclusionary Proof - the one most frequently advanced
            alone, which simply stated says that since each encryptor
            stream may represent any possible encryptor stream of
            that same length, then the ciphertext may be the XOR
            product of any plaintext of same said length.  Obviously,
            a hardware sourced OTP DOES meet that proof.  Also. it is
            patently evident that the IPG software OTP DOES NOT meet
            the inclusionary proof test.
         2. Exclusionary Proof - which is equally valid, and simply
            stated consists of two propositions:
            A. Can any plaintext be encrypted with the OTP? Obviously
               the answer is YES for BOTH both hardware sourced OTPs
               and the IPG software sourced OTPs.
            B. If 2.A is true, is it possible to exclude any
               plaintext possibility?
               Obviously in the case of hardware sourced OTPs,  no
               plain text can possibly be excluded.
               What about the IPG software OTPs?
              . One method that you could theoretically be used to
                exclude a possible plaintext for the software OTP,
                would be to by brute force try all possible keys,
                until the correct one is obtained. That however,
                would be difficult to say the least, as a matter of
                fact it is impossible:
                If every subatomic particle in our known universe was
                a Googol, 1 with 100 zeroes after it, of Cray T3E
                computers - and each of them had been brute forcing a
                partition of the possibilities at the rate of 1
                Googol of them per picosecond which could not be done
                - but assume that it could - and they had been doing
                so since the Big Bang say 20 billion years ago - and
                they were to continue to do so for the next 20
                billion years, that is beyond the life expectancy of
                our solar system/galaxy, and perhaps the universe,
                then approximately 10^322 of the possible OTPs would
                have been tried.
                Thus it would still take 10^34000 times as long as
                that to try all of the possibilities - that is they
                would have tried only one part in 1 with 34000 zeroes
                after it - not theoretical infinity by any means, but
                a very, very large extra-astronomical number. Brute
                force is patently impossible.
               . Another possibility might be to guess it - anyone
                 recognizes that would not be practical, and how
                 would you know that you were right. All of the IPG
                 OTP generator, aka Encryption, keys are themselves
                 OTPs.
               . Another possibility would to be to analytically
                 exclude the invalid possibilities. As stated
                 previously, and as you can discover for yourself,
                 this reduces itself back down to to the exact
                 equivalent of the brute force method set out above.
                 With the algorithm, there is no difference between
                 analytically exclusion and brute forcing - they are
                 one and the same.
         So in fact, any known ciphertext may indeed be an encryption
         of any plaintext of that same, or lesser, length, because you
         cannot prove that it is not a specific plaintext.
         Some will contentiously assert that the key and other
         parameters might be hacked. While we include within the
         system facilitators that reduce that risk to a minimum, and
         to near zero if you use simple precautions, it is true that
         the hacking possibility exists. However, that possibility
         exists for RSA, PGP, hardware sourced OTPs, or any other
         form of security or encryption. We are better positioned in
         that regard than others but in terms of the human element,
         as we all know, there is no such thing as perfection.
         With warmest regards,
         Don Wood

@_date: 1996-10-24 02:07:34
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Montgolfiering aka P Information = P *  log_base_infinity  P (fwd) 
A cryptogram Montgolfiering aka P Information = P * log_base_infinity P
What does it mean?
First of all, I apologize for taking so much of many reader's time
on the subject of whether the EUREKA algorithm is a "SOFTWARE" OTP or
not. As I have restated over and over and over again, time after time,
after time, it  is a PRNG, it is  a stream cipher, so we will leave it
there. We are taking the OTP question off the table, but I am sure that
the list eupatrids will continue to beat that horse forever.
Accordingly, henceforth Eureka will be referred to as a stream cipher, a
PRNG stream, and we will joust on their muddied pedantric playing field!
I also want to apologize once more to all of the readers for
having to go  down into the gutter where PM insists on duking it
out, but he leaves me no choice. I told you that I would fight no more
with him, forever; but my word is obviously not as good as Chief
Joseph's. He is wounding me by spreading his mendacious
misrepresentations to the point that I must respond.
He is also threatening me, with his malevolent baseness.  That is the
reason that he wrote that one message as private mail, not so that you
readers would not have to suffer through more of his, and yes my,
garbage. It is patently evident that he wrote that message so
that he could threaten me and you readers would not know about it, and
that is the only reason that I went public with it back to you.  Then he tries to cover up his abhorrent conduct by  trying to make you
believe that he was trying to SAVE YOU from suffering as a labor of love.
That is the only message that he has sent privately, and he did it so that
you would not find out what he had done.  I am sure that most of you can
see through crass deception,  you are smarter than that.  And by the by way, thanks, to the many of you that have written in support, even if
most of you do not want to take on the powers to be by expressing your
feelings in public - keep it up, I will be most discreet.
It takes a sick mind to do things like that. I further believe that Perry
may be libeling me by asserting that Adam has already cracked my algorithm. Although I have now told him 22 times that is a falsehood, he insists on repeating it, even after it has been denied by Adam. That is a
factoidal jactitation as evidenced below. One writer today told me that Adam, John Pettitt and Paul Bradley had
cracked both my algorithms in one day, and that the new one was worse than
the old one, and that Perry Metzger had personally confirmed it. At
least, unlike some readers, he had part of the message right, the part
about two algorithms.
The current algorithm web page has now been visited by over 4,500 people
and all of them know that Perry is engaged in some sort of propaganda
campaign  to spread disinformation for some purpose because the algorithm
has almost nothing, just a tiny fragment, to do with what has been posted
previously. And as all of you readers tuned in at that time know, you
were told that that was not the algorithm and never has been. I question whether Perry may have a pecuniary interest in these affairs? Does Perry have an insider, or other position, or interest in one or
more of the RSA interest? Does he have any interest in PGP, Inc.,
though I rather doubt that? I am making no allegations, I am only asking
the question of why he would deliberately set out on a campaign of
disinformation without arming  himself with the truth, it is so easy all
he has to do is go to the web site and see for himself. Instead, he
ignores that and engages in propaganda. Why? At least Hal Finney had the
intellectual, and moral honesty to disclose that he was now a part
of the PGP Inc, team.
In any event to clear up any misunderstanding, let us examine what my
ALLEGED algorithm was, and compare it to the actual algorithm.
As I have told Perry and Paul, both several times, at the time it
was first reported and later, and indirectly to all of you several times,
the above algorithm is not the algorithm posted at:
            All anyone would have to do to determine that is to take a few seconds and
look. Yet Perry and Paul, did not do that, instead they spread the
malevolent  message around that they have broken the algorithm. In Paul's
case, it may just be confusion resulting from Perry's incessant
To those of you who might want to know the truth, I have been forced into
the position of taking your time to disclose the algorithm here, The
algorithm to follow,  is the only one that has ever existed, as most
readers should know but do not because of nazi like  propaganda.   In a highly abbreviated form, only to show how stupid this argument about
which algorithm is which, the actual algorithm is:
A highly condensed version of the Eureka Algorithm:
Given a key, user, message, etal specific parameter set derived from
a truly random key, in this instance,  256 bytes long, 10^616 entropy,
then :
All of the parameters below, vary with each generator key, except
where the variance is limited by range factors - for instance, there
are only 49 to 79 possible Juncture Values, JV values, so that number must
be one of those corresponding values.
Starting values derived from the key, as modified by message number and
other variables. That is slightly in excess of 2^54 possibilities for the
initial D1, D2, D3, and D4 values, the differential variables.
                   D1 =  1,691
                   D2 =  1,194
                   D3 =  3,564
                   D4 =    483
                   JV =     34
          (I)          A(I)    B(I)     C(I)
           0          11908    7109    17581
           1           2252   11863    16589
           ..................................
           .................................
          51          14544    9349    17964
          52          15759   11836    17021
And the three tables:
DISP, Displacement Table - a table of the values 0 through 4095,
      randomly scrambled, by the hardware sourced truly random key.
DIFF, Diffusion Table - a second independent table of the values 0
      through 4095, randomly scrambled, by the hardware sourced truly
      random key.
DETR, Determinate Table, a third independent table of 16 sets of the
      ASCII values, 0 through 255. EXKEY is an 8192 byte key expanded from the 256 byte key, thus only
2^2048 bits of entropy, at the most.
IN PSEUDO CODE, the algorithm for medium level security, level 5, is:
     LEV5 SECURITY
     I=0
     DO
         DO
              JV=JV+1
              IF JV=53 THEN JV=0
              REM JV<53 is for Level 5, it ranges from 49 to 79.
              A(JV)=(A(JV)+B(JV)) MOD C(JV)
         WHILE (A(JV) AND 16384) = 1
         D1=(D1+A(JV)) AND 4095
         D2=DISP((D2+D1) AND 4095)
         F=DETR(D2)<<8
         D3=(D3+D2) AND 4095
         BUF(DIFF(I))=BUF(DIFF(I)) XOR (F+(DETR(DISP(D3))))
         D1=(D1+D3) AND 4095
         F=DETR(DISP(D1))<<8
         D4=(D4+D1) AND 4095
         BUF(DIFF(I+1))=BUF(DIFF(I+1)) XOR (F+(DETR(DISP(D4))))
              REMARK SWAP D1 AND D4, and D2 AND D3 so that the
              REMARK SELECTION COUNTERS ARE NEVER CONGRUENTIAL, EVEN
              REMARK FOR TWO SUCCESSIVE SELECTIONS
         SWAP D1,D4
         SWAP D2,D3
              REMARK SWAP VALUES IN BOTH THE DISPLACEMENT TABLE AND
              REMARK THE DETERMINATE TABLE TO INSURE THAT THE TABLES
              REMARK CONSTANTLY MUTATING - THEY ARE NEVER STATIC
              REMARK CANNOT CHANGE THE DIFFUSION TABLE UNTIL
              REMARK DIFFUSION HAS BEEN COMPLETE FOR 8192 BYTES
         SWAP DETR(D1),DETR(D3)
         SWAP DISP(D2),DISP(D4)
              REM
              REM - A NEAR DUPLICATE BUTTERFLY SECTION TO INSURE THAT
              REM - EVEN AND ODD CHARACTERS CANNOT BE BLOCKED
              REM
         DO
              JV = JV + 1
              IF JV = 53 THEN JV=0
              A(JV)=(A(JV)+B(JV)) MOD C(JV)
         WHILE (A(JV) AND 16384) = 1
         D1=(D1+A(JV)) AND 4095
         D2=DISP((D2+D1) AND 4095)
         F=DETR(D2)
         D3=(D3+D2) AND 4095
         BUF(DIFF(I+2))=BUF(DIFF(I+2)) XOR ((DETR(DISP(D3))<<8)+F)
         D1=(D1+D3) AND 4095
         F=DETR(DISP(D1))
         D4=(D4+D1) AND 4095
         BUF(DIFF(I+3))=BUF(DIFF(I+3)) XOR ((DETR(DISP(D4))<<8)+F)
              REMARK SWAP AS BEFORE EXCEPT USE DIFFERENT D VALUES
         SWAP D1,D4
         SWAP D2,D3
         SWAP DETR(D1),DETR(D3)
         SWAP DISP(D2),DISP(D4)
              REMARK CANNOT SWAP DIFFUSION TABLE VALUES BUT WE CAN
              REMARK MUTATE THE KEY SOME MORE, SO THAT WE CAN
              REMARK EVENTUALLY RESCRAMBLE THE DIFFUSION TABLE
         SWAP EXKEY(D2),EXKEY(D3)
         I = I + 4
   WHILE I < 4096
              REMARK IF JV<16 THEN RESCRAMBLE THE DIFFUSION TABLE
              REMARK THIS WILL HAPPEN APPROXIMATELY 30% OF THE TIME
   LONG IF JV < 16
       I=0,M=4096
       DO
         SEL=(SEL+EXKEY(I+2300)) MOD M
         SWAP DIFF(I),DIFF(I+SEL)
         I=I+1
         M=M-1
       WHILE I<4095
   END IF
Now I ask a candid world. Is that the same algorithm as the one Perry says
that Adam broke, the first one above? Is it the same one that Paul claims
to have broken as detailed in his message? Both claim that they are one
and the same. Are they? You can see the answer know the answer to that.
This is just an example of how the haughty eyed will use their malevolence
to intimidate the rest of you. I belive that Perry is deliberately
distorting the truth, as this proves. Paul on the other hand, may only be
confused by Metzger's montgolfiering.
The above algorithm has been condensed considerably to show that it
is not the one that Perry and Paul are referring to at all. If you are
going to analyze it in any depth, go to the web site and work with the
full algorithm, that is URL:
                    If you have questions from the brief description set out above, visit the
web site and I believe that your questions will be cleared up. There are
also almost 200 megabytes of raw encryptor stream output at the site, you
do not need known plain text, it is there for all to see. What is the key
that generated the text, or what is the next 100 characters of encryptor
stream for messages 1 through 6? Bet you cannot figure it out!
How about the cryptogram?
Montgolfiering aka P Information = P log_base_infinity P
Most of you have it figured out, n'est pas?
With every best wish, Don Wood

@_date: 1996-10-27 22:36:35
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D   P+P == talk the talk - but - P+P != walk the walk 
As the former manager of the OTP Development and Analysis group at
NSA, and as the President and CEO of Mauchly - Wood Systems Corporation, the prime contractor at JPL and developer of cutting edge signal processing
software to seismic, well logging, NASA and other worldwide markets, you
can bet your booty that Perry, Paul and a lot of others would like to add
my scalp to their trophy case.
I am sure that all of you will recall how quickly they tried to do so, and
thought they had succeeded, a few months ago when I posted my snare
algorithm to the cypherpunks list. They leaped at the opportunity to
discredit me.
I withdrew the OTP claim and posted the ENTIRE algorithm, in a posting
           dated 10-24-96
           addressed to Adam Shostack,
                    and titled
Montgolfiering P Information= P log_base_infinity P, Since, then they they have suddenly grown silent. Nary a peep out of the
previously oh so vocal. It is obvious that they are totally clueless about
how to go about breaking the  algorithm, or they would have jumped at the
opportunity to add a notch to their analytical gun.  As becomes quickly
apparent, the algorithm cannot be broken except by brute force, which is
patently impossible.
Are they trying silent treatment where the rest of you will forget about
what is going on, and hope that I will simply disappear. All of those who leaped at the opportunity to take me apart before are now displaying
contemptuous intellectual pap, that is pap not the other similar word
though that also applies. Their misleading inculcations did not work so
what are they trying now. I believe that it is an open ommission on "non possumus." If not and they
are trying to analyze and break the algorithm, I apologize. On the
other hand, if they are being intellectually amoral,  then their
impuissance will become generally known shortly. Is that cabal amoral or moral? Are they intellectually honest or
dishonest. We will all know shortly. If they hide behind pitjantjatjara
words, they are revealed as being dishonest and amoral - if they look at
the algorithm and report it out factually, then they are being honest and
displaying intellectual morality. It is that simple. Let us see what
they do, who they are, and what they are.  It is in their hands to do
it right or do it wrong.
I have received 43 private messages about the montgolfiering posting from
this and the coderpunks list. I hope that some of you to go public with
your comments. Those that feel uncomfortable in doing so, please contact
me privately,
with warmest regards,
Don Wood

@_date: 1996-10-30 20:16:33
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D   P+P == talk the talk - but - P+P != walk the walk 
I do not know what is going on. Some people seem to have seen it while
others have not. I got a copy of it from cypherpunks. I do not know
what happen to your copy. It is primarily an abbreviated
disclosure of the real algorithm - a full copy is at:
            netprivacy.com/algo.html
The primary purpose of the posting was to try to stop Perry Metzger's
factoid that the algorithm had been broken by Adam. What he was speaking
to was the fact that a previous algorithm, which some people, perhaps most
people, knew was not the real algorithm, was alleged to have been broken.
A careful review of the new algorithm reveals why the break was
alleged, instead of a real, as witnessed by the fact that known plain
text might be used to recover the key for a specific message but would
not be an overall system break. In a way, that is entirely beside the
point since the "old" algorithm was only a ploy on my part in order to get
some additional people to review the real algorithm. I was successful in
that regard.
I would be glad to do so , however; as you know, there was another
principal involved in that message. Upon receipt of his approval, I will
be glad to share it with the list. I would also appreciate your and his
response before such posting. That is, where you disagree with my
contentions, and why since you have been silent on that matter. With every best wish,
Donald R. Wood

@_date: 1996-10-30 21:14:14
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: Q.E.D  (fwd) 
The following was sent to an individual in response to a private inquiry.
I am forwarding the response since it seems to be germane to the
subject at hand.
Have you looked at the algorithm. A brief explanation is disclosed
in the other posting being made to you. However, a much more detailed
disclosure and explanation is set out at our web site:
             netprivacy.com
The algorithm is at:
             netprivacy.com/algo.html
If you know cryptography, you will discover that it produces quite a
remarkable  PRNG stream, one that when submitted to any statistical
analysis, including Shannon to a degree, reveals itself to be random,
though we know it is not because it was generated by the algorithm. At
first blush, it may appear as some form of a linear congruential generator. However, that is a misconception as you can quickly determine. There are
nonlinear congruential generators, somewhere between 49 and 79 separate
ones,  of a sort used in the algorithm, but they serve only as a seed,
to every block of 4 or 8 characters, to the main algorithm. The nonlinear
congruential generators are modulo 16384, which produces a staccato stream
of the set 0,..,16383, which in the case of the disclosed algorithm are
further used to make a three dimensional table lookup in the Displacement
Table, the Determinate Table, and finally the Diffusion Table. The nonlinear congruential generators run at different speeds, that is
in C iterations, they are used only C mod 16384 times, and since  all of
them are unique, out of say a message length of 20,000 characters, they
will each be used at a different number of times, and with different
message constituents, that is they cannot be blocked, as seeds to the
table lookup procedures. The three tables are dynamic, undergoing constant
modification, the Diffusion table only at the completion of an 8192 byte
cycle, as the stream is generated. Furthermore, the indexes into the three
lookup tables are accumulative and are being constantly switched so that
they too are always dynamic. A close examination of this will reveal that the output stream is a
statistical random appearing stream, as a result of the staccato nature
of the seeds combined with the fact that the sum of seeds start
asymptotically approaching an even distribution of the values 0,..,16383.  The Displacement Table and the Diffusion Table, are both tables of the
integers 0 through 4095 respectively and the Diffusion Table is a table of
16 sets of the ASCII decimal values, 0,.., 255. All three tables are
scrambled using a random key generated by the user. The process of doing
that is explained in the aforementioned web page:
          netprivacy.com/algo.html
An user may also uniquely customize their own initial Displacement,
Diffusion and Determinate tables, some 10^34000 possibilities. Also 200 million bytes of raw encryptor stream output are at our web site,
using the same key and other parameters. Can you determine the key? The
algorithm is quite simple to implement for testing purposes, and you can
use the table values set out as the basis for doing your own testing.
You will find that it produces an incredible random like PRNG streams,
each unique, if you look at it. With kindest regards, Don Wood,

@_date: 1996-10-31 00:18:19
@_author: cypher at cyberstation.net 
@_subject: "Montgolfiering" mindlessness 
Talk the talk |= Walk the walk`
If we could bottle up all the hot air espoused by fools like you, we
could solve the worldwide energy crisis. Obviously, you are not interested
in the facts. You engage in baneful contravallation of jabberwocky since
you, and the others so predisposed, are totally clueless with regard to
how to break the algorithm.0
Now let us hear your plaintive wail of the lame brain excuse about
not wanting to waste your time, always the indicant of intellectual pap
and intellectual cowardice/dishonesty by super mouthers like you. I may be
mindless, but obviously you and Mr. Franz are  brainless, or otherwise you
would try to prove something instead of beating off your brains and mouth
about it. As with Perry, and  others your information content is:
P log_base_infinity P Stop jerking everyone around. Fess up, you are either dumb or dumber, and
it is self evident that it is the latter.
