
@_date: 2001-09-24 17:49:51
@_author: Robert 
@_subject: Expectation of privacy in public? 
Sent: Monday, September 24, 2001 1:24 PM
It is not a crime for an agency of another country to eavesdrop on you as
long as they are physically located outside the U.S. Similarly, it is not
illegal for a US agency to intercept messages in another country, as long as
they do it from outside the that country.
This is how (if it really does exist) the Echelon network works. Agencies in
Canada, England, Australia etc. intercept messages in the U.S. and then pass
on the intelligence to their U.S. counterparts. This information sharing
by-passes legal jurisdictional limits.
Robert Andrews
Is your personal data exposed?

@_date: 2001-09-25 11:35:00
@_author: cypherpunks at privacyexposed.mailshell.com 
@_subject: Identity Cards - Un-British Or Vital? The ID Debate 
Identity Cards - Un-British Or Vital? The ID Debate
Alan Travis - Guardian (UK)
"As introduction becomes more likely, opinions differ on both ethical and
practical grounds. David Blunkett's suggestion that the introduction of
compulsory identity cards in Britain could be necessary as part of the fight
against terrorism yesterday stirred a range of criticism - from rightwing
libertarians who claimed it would be "un-British", to those who warned the
move would be ineffective and expensive. However, an opinion poll at the
weekend showed that 86% of people supported some form of ID card. The
government was seriously considering their introduction, Mr Blunkett said."
The Identity Crisis
Independent Digital
"It's looking increasingly likely that, sooner rather than later, British
citizens may be required to carry identity cards. Many would welcome such a
development for safety's sake. But, says Thomas Sutcliffe, we underestimate
at our peril the danger to liberty. We can't be sure what Mrs Joyce Mew
would have made of David Blunkett's recent approving murmurs about the
introduction of identity cards - these are jittery times, after all, and
have startled many of us into unexpected postures - but the very little we
know of her life leads me to suspect that she might have taken a dim view."
Robert Andrews

@_date: 2001-09-25 16:38:15
@_author: cypherpunks at privacyexposed.mailshell.com 
@_subject: VIRUS ALERT - Re: long may you live 
!!VIRUS ALERT!! W32.Sircam.Worm at mm virus was in this message
DO NOT OPEN Attachment.
----- Original Message ----- Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2001 1:32 PM
Hi! How are you?
I send you this file in order to have your advice
See you later. Thanks
