
@_date: 2002-05-30 10:33:41
@_author: cypherpunk_reader 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
I ain't got that much schooling in these here matters, but it seems to me
in terms of the agreements, online agreements are pretty slacking when it
comes to verifying
that the end user actually read the document.
Most agreements online take advantage of the fact that a user is going to
skip reading the document
and jump straight to the "Agree" button.
If the end user insists on e-signing a document without having read it it is
there perogative,
but I think there should be a better system in place to insure that they
either read it or that
they did not read it but agree anyway.
Something along the lines of timers (set to an average number of minutes it
takes to read the average contract),
a keyword in the document itself that forces the user to peruse the document
to find the keyword, or at least
force the user to type "Agree" rather than just click a button.
But hey, realistically speaking, I doubt there is much enforcement going on
regarding these online contracts.
Do we want the Federale involved in how these contracts are designed or is
the industry going to self police?
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Curt Smith
Sent: Wednesday, May 29, 2002 12:21 PM
I agree that the signer does not need to understand the
mathematics or underlying technology for digital signatures to
be viable.  However, what good is an agreement when the parties
do not know what the terms of the agreement are?  A signature
(digital or otherwise) generally indicates that the signer not
only made an agreement, but also understood the agreement.
A digital signatures must involve a conscious decision by the
signer to keep their part of an agreement.  I maintain that
this requires user intervention to verify that the signer knew
that they making an agreement - a "click of understanding" or
pass phrase.
Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup

@_date: 2002-05-30 10:43:43
@_author: cypherpunk_reader 
@_subject: sources on steganography 
I AM OSAMA
Good one !!! lol
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Hector Rosario
Sent: Thursday, May 30, 2002 8:42 AM
Why would I be interested in "fool[ing] [you]." All I asked was for some
help with sources. If you cannot be of help, at least don't be a
hindrance. Besides, don't claim to speak for others. If envy is what
drives you, then I suggest that you work on that.
