
@_date: 2000-10-24 11:19:44
@_author: danny burstein 
@_subject: EZ-Pass discovers risk of sending URLs instead of actual text 
In a story datelined 24-Oct-2000, and headlined:
   New Jersey shuts down E-ZPass statement site after security breached The Associated Press reported on a problem with privacy and security on
the New Jersey EZPASS website where people can review their usage.
(EZPass is a radio transponder placed in your motor vehicle which is
"read" at toll booths, enabling you to zip through without having to stop
and hand over cash. Naturally it keeps records of when and where you
were for billing purposes... Which is another RISK all together)
Per the story:
   TRENTON, N.J. (AP) -- A security breach has forced New Jersey
   officials to temporarily shut down a service that allows E-ZPass users
   to get monthly statements via e-mail.
The story contains claims and counter-claims, some of which are mutually
exclusive, but then has the following paragraph:
   Reagoso said Monday that it wasn't hard to break into the system. He
   discovered that the electronic statements aren't sent directly to
   drivers via e-mail, but rather drivers are provided with a link to
   access their accounts.
Presumably the link for, say, October would have been something like and all you'd have to do is replace your own account number with the
person's you were looking for.
Quoting one more paragraph from the story:
   "It's something that an eighth-grader who designs his own Web page at
   home is capable of doing," Reagoso said. "It took four accidental
   keystrokes to display anybody's account."
I just checked the EZPass website ( and they don't have
any comments posted...
  [It turns out Mr. Reagoso has his own website:
          in which he says a bit more.  DB]

@_date: 2012-04-11 22:32:51
@_author: Danny Burstein 
@_subject: For want of an isolating ground, a railroad was shutdown 
[from the IG report looking into a Long Island RR
    (NYC suburban commuter line) failure last year]
At approximately 4:30 p.m. on 29 Sep 2011, the beginning of the evening
rush, lightning struck near Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) tracks, creating a
power surge that disabled the signal system controlling the train
interlocking just west of Jamaica Station
Approximately three and a half hours after the strike, in an attempt to
repair a computer server believed to have been damaged by the power surge, a
LIRR employee erroneously disabled the separate signaling system controlling
the train interlocking just east of Jamaica Station. At that point, all
service was suspended.
 * So, how did lightning get through the various safeguards?
The report continues:
Specifically, OIG found that:
In accordance with its contract, ASTS designed the new signaling system for
the Jamaica Interlocking but LIRR employees installed it.  During the
installation, LIRR added a piece of computer equipment called a "serial
server", which was not part of the ASTS design.  This server allows LIRR to
remotely monitor various pieces of the equipment.
In the course of attaching the server to the new signaling equipment, a LIRR
employee used one incorrect connector.  ASTS, LIRR, and Systra all agree
that this connector created the pathway by which the power surge generated
by the lightning damaged the signal system and brought it down.
rest:
