
@_date: 2006-06-12 15:10:47
@_author: Kristen Mcgraw 
@_subject: Good news for traders 
Get C,T,X,E First Thing Today, This Is Going To Explode!
Check out for HOT NEWS!!!
C T X E - C A N T E X   E N E R G Y   C O R P
CURRENT_PRICE: $0.50 GET IT N0W!
Before we start with the profile of CANM we would like to mention
something very important: There is a Big PR Campaign starting this weeek .
And it will go all week so it would be best to get in NOW.
Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas
exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San
Antonio, Texas.
Recent News
Cantex Energy Corp. (C T X E - News) announced that the seismic crews have
been mobilized and the 40 miles of seismic work has commenced on the
Big Canyon Prospect targeting the eastern Val Verde Basin. The crew
started operations on Friday June 2 2006. They have been moving over the
terrain better than expected and the first of three lines should be
completed by weeks end. Data then will be sent off for processing taking 3 to
4 weeks. The eastern Val Verde Basin is viewed by industry experts as
perhaps one of the Lower 48's most under-explored, proven gas provinces.
Trace Maurin, President of C a n t e x   E n e r g y Corp., stated, "The Val Verde
Basin offers a significant, under-explored natural gas resource
0pp0rtunity for new and emerging players. The seismic data available currently
becomes a distinct competitive advantage to evaluate what has not been
seen before. There are at least a dozen active players in the basin now
and an unknown number of additional players likely awaiting some
incentive or 0pp0rtunity to gain a competitive advantage, and we believe that
our geophysical experts at Providence Technologies have the capability
and expertise to provide us that advantage. Needless-to-say, we are
anxiously looking forward to the ongoing seismic data reports over the
next several weeks."
For more inf0rmati0n, refer to the entire news for the company
announced on June 6.
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known
Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are
Already Familiar with This. Is C,T,X,E Poised and Positioned to Do that For
You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch
this One Trade tomorrow! Go C*T*X*E*.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors.  This Profile is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company.  This report is for entertainment
and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment
advice.  If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks
in the sub ject to
casebook cancelling cherubim dilemma decathlon aviv
 arccos bodybuild aspersion calligraphy cagey aversion byronic affair
 cohort challenge amherst child ashtray
 and bowel caper aperiodic climate coach bouncy annulled cognizant
 boolean aren't asceticism diffusion billiken ambivalent contravariant
