
@_date: 2002-08-17 21:27:04
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: IP: The FCC NPRM  on the Broadcast Flag 
I am in data gathering mode preparatory to writing a response to the FCC
NPRM on the Digital Broadcast flag. While I was at the FCC I had a set of
opportunities to hear out the media companies about that and I was
unconvinced then that it was a good idea. I am more convinced now that it is
not wise.
I am interested in Ipers opinions on this -- for and against and will share
the responses when I digest them.  (as well as credit the ideas in the
response (with or without attribution -- your call)).
For archives see:
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2003-08-25 20:35:58
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] blackmail / real world stego use 
You are subscribed as adam at homeport.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2003-12-04 11:25:27
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] The Third Annual Workshop on Economics and 
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2003-12-05 10:17:55
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Markle Report -- Creating A Trusted 
[ For the record, I am a member of the Markle Taskforce djf]''
TASK FORCE SAYS GOVERNMENT HAS NOT YET TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF AMERICA'S
TECHNOLOGY EXPERTISE TO COMBAT TERRORISM
Markle Task Force Addresses Actions Needed to Create Information Network to
Enhance Security while Preserving Civil Liberties
To download a copy of Creating A Trusted Information Network for Homeland
Security or for more information on the Task Force, please visit
 Washington, D.C. (December 2, 2003) - The Markle Foundation Task Force on
National Security in the Information Age today released its second report,
concluding that the U.S. government has not yet taken advantage of
America's technology expertise to fight the war on terrorism. In its
report, Creating A Trusted Information Network for Homeland Security, the
Task Force catalogs current gaps in the nation's system for analyzing and
sharing intelligence. It details the elements of a proposed System-wide
Homeland Analysis and Resource Exchange (SHARE) Network that would more
effectively combat terrorism while protecting privacy and other civil
In its first report in October 2002, the Markle Task Force identified the
ability to share information as the most urgent task facing government in
protecting the homeland. It laid out a plan for a distributed information
technology network to share terrorism-related information among federal,
state and local government agencies and the private sector so that threats
could be identified and prevented. In it second report, the Task Force
finds that the government's progress since September 11, 2001, toward
building an adequate network has been slow and is not guided by an overall
vision of how information should be shared and analyzed in keeping with
adequate guidelines to protect privacy and other civil liberties. Good work
is being done in some agencies, but isolated projects cannot reach scale or
break through cultural barriers fast enough to prevent another attack.
"Using currently available technology, the government can set up a network
that substantially improves our ability to prevent terrorism and protect
civil liberties," said Zoe Baird, president of the Markle Foundation and
co-chair with James Barksdale of the Markle Task Force on National Security
in the Information Age. "Public trust in a network that uses information
about people in the U.S. can only be achieved if government-wide guidelines
for information sharing and privacy protection are established after open
public debate."
The Task Force -- whose members include some of the nation's leading
experts on national security who served in the Carter, Reagan, Bush and
Clinton Administrations, as well as leading experts on information
technology and civil liberties -- calls on the President to:
*	Set the goal of creating the network;
*	issue clear government-wide policy guidelines for the government's
collection and use of domestic information, including private sector
information about U.S. persons;
*	clarify the respective roles of DHS, the Terrorist Threat
Integration Center (TTIC), the FBI and other federal agencies involved with
collection and analysis of domestic terrorism information.
The Task Force concluded that until the government gives priority to
breaking down its institutional barriers to cooperation and presents the
public with a cohesive plan for the network, the public will not understand
how private sector information is a critical part of the network. Further,
government-wide guidelines are needed that clearly define the security
interests in research into data mining of private sector information and
that provide controls to address the privacy implications of such programs
in order to establish public trust in these programs.
In its report, the Task Force notes that it is essential that the
government shed its Cold War culture in order to properly address the
threat the nation faces from terrorism. During the Cold War, the use of
information was dominated by a culture of classification and tight
limitations on access, in which information was shared only on a "need to
know" basis. However, the events of September 11 have starkly demonstrated
the dangers associated with the failure to share information, not only
within the federal government, but also between the federal government, on
the one hand, and state and local governments and the private sector on the
other. The threat today requires unprecedented speed in the way the
government collects, shares, and acts on information. To deal with this
threat, information needs to be tailored to facilitate decision-making and
action at all levels-not only by the President, but also the police
officers on the street.
"Our Task Force's fundamental objective was to identify the technological
tools and infrastructure, the policies, and the processes necessary to link
different levels of government and the private sector, so that important
information can be shared among the people who need it as rapidly as
possible, within a system of guidelines and technologies designed to
protect civil liberties," said Michael Vatis, executive director of the
Task Force. "The government has caused confusion by creating multiple new
agencies without clearly defining their respective roles and
The SHARE network that the Task Force has proposed - which it recommends be
overseen by DHS -- in the first stage could be built using existing
technology. Technology products that are currently available would allow
information to be both protected and shared through the use of published
directories, listing who has relevant information, and permissioning rules
to determine whom can access the information. Currently available
technology would also allow for the authentication for subscribers to the
directories and the anonymization of personally identifiable information
where appropriate in order to share the necessary information while
protecting privacy.
As the recent controversies surrounding DARPA's Terrorist Information
Awareness program and an Army contractor's use of Jet Blue passenger data
demonstrate, government access to, and use of, privately held data remains
a vexing problem. In its report, the Task Force notes that the government
should effectively utilize the valuable information that is held in private
hands, but only within a system of rules and guidelines designed to protect
civil liberties. Since it is not possible for the nation to harden all
potential targets against terrorist attack, the Task Force concludes that
the government must rely on information to detect, prevent, and effectively
respond to attacks. The travel, hotel, financial, immigration, health, or
educational records of a person suspected by the government to be a
terrorist may hold information that is vital to unveiling both his
intentions and those of other terrorists.
However, the Task Force also concludes that the government should not have
routine access to personally identifying information even if it is widely
available to the public. If government is to sustain public support for its
efforts, it must demonstrate that the information it seeks to acquire is
genuinely important to the security mission and is obtained and used in a
way that minimizes its impact on privacy and civil liberties. Until
government-wide guidelines that achieve this are developed, public concern
over potential privacy infringements will continue to hamper the necessary
development of new technologies and new operational programs necessary to
use that information. Policy guidelines like these are meant to empower
government officials as well as limit them, and Congress and the Executive
Branch should share a common commitment to both objectives.
The Task Force also calls on the President to issue guidelines governing
the authority of intelligence and security agencies to receive, retain and
disseminate government information gathered in the U.S. about U.S. persons
and guidelines governing their ability to task the domestic collection of
information. New guidelines in this area are particularly important since
the creation of TTIC as an all-source intelligence and analysis center
raises the question of what will replace the previous "line at the border"
that largely defined the distinctive rules for foreign and domestic
It is critically important that the President issue this guidance before
another major terrorist incident occurs. If public debate were to take
place in the shadow of another major national tragedy, it could lead to
rushed and poorly conceived initiatives that not only fail to solve the
underlying problems, but also have a detrimental impact on civil liberties.
Finally, the Task Force recommends that in one year, the Executive Branch
and Congress evaluate the progress of federal, state, local, and private
sector entities in improving information sharing and analysis and in
utilizing private sector data while protecting civil liberties. To help
with this evaluation, the Task Force issued detailed sets of questions than
can be asked to determine whether adequate progress has been made.
To download a copy of Creating A Trusted Information Network for Homeland
Security or for more information on the Task Force, please visit
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2003-10-19 14:52:38
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] FCC readies rule to block Internet piracy 
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2004-04-01 19:51:10
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] U.S. may need to step in, says 
Thursday, April 01, 2004 - Page updated at 12:00 A.M.
U.S. may need to step in, says cybersecurity report
By Ted Bridis
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON - In a surprise shift, leading software companies acknowledge in
a report to the Bush administration that the government might need to force
the U.S. technology industry to improve the security of America's computer
The companies, including Microsoft and Computer Associates International,
said the Homeland Security Department "should examine whether tailored
government action is necessary" to compel improvements in the design of
computer software.
The 250-page report containing that recommendation and dozens more is being
released today. It cautions that government should require security
improvements only when market forces fail. It also says businesses already
are demanding software that is safer and more resilient to attacks.
But the report says the most sensitive computer networks - such as those
operating banks, telephone networks or water pipelines - "may require a
greater level of security than the market will provide."
In those cases, the software companies recommend "appropriate and tailored
government action that interferes with market innovation on security as
little as possible." It urged the government to work with companies to
produce a formal study during the 2005 fiscal year, which begins in October.
The public acknowledgment that any level of new government regulation might
be needed to improve software security represents an important shift by the
technology industry. It has vigorously contested mandates from Washington
during the past decade, even in the face of increasingly devastating
attacks by new generations of hackers and viruses.
"That's a big lean in the right direction," said Alan Paller of the SANS
Institute in Bethesda, Md., a computer-security organization. "It's a nod
to reality; they're nodding but they've got their heels dug in."
The industry recommendations were solicited by the Homeland Security
Department's cybersecurity division in December.
Other recommendations include:
* Spending at least $12 million, including $6 million in government money,
during the next 19 months for a dozen new academic fellowships nationwide
to teach future computer engineers to design safer software.
* Providing unspecified incentives to companies for reducing software defects.
* Offering bounties for information leading to the conviction of hackers
and virus writers.
* Establishing a cybersecurity report card for operators of the most
important computer networks.
* Setting up a government laboratory to keep track of software repairing
patches and test how effectively they work.
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-04-08 04:41:45
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Arrests key win for NSA hackers 
Arrests key win for NSA hackers
By DAVID AKIN
UPDATED AT 4:38 AM EDT Tuesday, Apr. 6, 2004
A computer hacker who allowed himself to be publicly identified only as
"Mudhen" once boasted at a Las Vegas conference that he could disable a
Chinese satellite with nothing but his laptop computer and a cellphone.
The others took him at his word, because Mudhen worked at the Puzzle Palace

@_date: 2004-08-05 18:21:43
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Your people are growing increasingly worried about a 'police 
state.' For such an educated audience,
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.618)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2004-08-09 10:33:00
@_author: dave at farber.net 
@_subject: [IP] The Surveillance Industrial Complex 
Dave Farber  +1 412 726 9889
...... Forwarded Message .......
Subj: The Surveillance Industrial Complex
The ACLU is releasing a new report today on the "Surveillance-Industrial
Complex," an in-depth look at all the ways that the government is
conscripting or recruiting private companies for its war individual privacy
and liberty .  The report is online at:
 In conjunction with the release of the report, we have created a new action
Web page asking consumers to help us ask companies to take a "no-spy
pledge" that they won't willingly cooperate with government demands for
their customers' data.
The action page is online at:
The No Spy Pledge says:
1. You will not turn individually identifiable data on your customers over
to the government for security purposes unless legally required to do so.
 2. You will use every legal means to fight government demands for data
that are not authorized by current law, or which violate your
Constitutional rights or those of your customers.
3. If the government serves you with a legally binding request to turn over
customer information, you will notify customers that our information has
been turned over (unless you are subject to a gag order prohibiting you
from doing so under the Patriot Act or other legislation)
In addition, companies called data aggregators are increasingly becoming a
means by which the government accesses information on individuals. I would
also like to ask whether you provide information about your customers to
data aggregators or any other companies that are in the business of
consolidating customer information. If so, which ones
Barry Steinhardt
Director Technology and Liberty Project
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU)
125 Broad Street
NYC 10004
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-12-22 00:03:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] 9/11 Legislation Launches Misguided Data-Mining and Domestic 
Surveillance Schemes
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.619)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2004-12-30 10:41:33
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] The Shadow Internet 
Reply-To: [Note:  The other part of the story that 'Wired Magazine' just did in
their Jan. '05 issue on the Darknet.  DLH]
The Shadow Internet They start with a single stolen file and pump out bootleg games and
movies by the millions. Inside the pirate networks that are terrorizing
the entertainment business.
By Jeff HowePage
Just over a year ago, a hacker penetrated the corporate servers at
Valve, the game company behind the popular first-person shooter
Half-Life. He came away with a beta version of Half-Life 2. "We heard
about it," says 23-year-old Frank, a well-connected media pirate.
"Everyone thought it would get bootlegged in Europe." Instead, the
hacker gave the source code to Frank - it turned out that he was a
friend of a friend - so that Frank could give Half-Life 2 to the world.
"I was like, 'Let's do this thing, yo!'" he says. "I put it on
Anathema. After that, it was all over."
Anathema is a so-called topsite, one of 30 or so underground, highly
secretive servers where nearly all of the unlicensed music, movies, and
videogames available on the Internet originate. Outside of a pirate
elite and the Feds who track them, few know that topsites exist. Even
fewer can log in.
  Within minutes of appearing on Anathema, Half-Life 2 spread. One file
became 30 files became 3,000 files became 300,000 files as Valve stood
helplessly by watching its big Christmas blockbuster turn into a lump
of coal. The damage was irreversible - the horse was out of the barn,
the county, and the state. The original Half-Life has sold more than 10
million games and expansion packs since its late 1998 release.
Half-Life 2's official release finally happened in November, after
almost a year of reprogramming.
  When Frank (who, like all the pirates interviewed for this article, is
identified by a pseudonym) posted the Half-Life 2 code to Anathema, he
tapped an international network of people dedicated to propagating
stolen files as widely and quickly as possible.
  It's all a big game and, to hear Frank and others talk about "the
scene," fantastic fun. Whoever transfers the most files to the most
sites in the least amount of time wins. There are elaborate rules, with
prizes in the offing and reputations at stake. Topsites like Anathema
are at the apex. Once a file is posted to a topsite, it starts a rapid
descent through wider and wider levels of an invisible network,
multiplying exponentially along the way. At each step, more and more
pirates pitch in to keep the avalanche tumbling downward. Finally,
thousands, perhaps millions, of copies - all the progeny of that
original file - spill into the public peer-to-peer networks: Kazaa,
LimeWire, Morpheus. Without this duplication and distribution structure
providing content, the P2P networks would run dry. (BitTorrent, a
faster and more efficient type of P2P file-sharing, is an exception.
But at present there are far fewer BitTorrent users.)
It's a commonly held belief that P2P is about sharing files. It's an
appealing, democratic notion: Consumers rip the movies and music they
buy and post them online. But that's not quite how it works.
  In reality, the number of files on the Net ripped from store-bought
CDs, DVDs, and videogames is statistically negligible. People don't
share what they buy; they share what is already being shared - the
countless descendants of a single "Adam and Eve" file. Even this is
probably stolen; pirates have infiltrated the entertainment industry
and usually obtain and rip content long before the public ever has a
chance to buy it.
  The whole shebang - the topsites, the pyramid, and the P2P networks
girding it all together - is not about trading or sharing at all. It's
a broadcast system. It takes a signal, the new U2 single, say, and
broadcasts it around the world. The pirate pyramid is a perfect
amplifier. The signal becomes more robust at every descending level,
until it gets down to the P2P networks, by which time it can be
received by anyone capable of typing "U2" into a search engine.
This should be good news for law enforcement. Lop off the head (the
topsites), and the body (the worldwide trade in unlicensed media) falls
lifeless to the ground. Sounds easy, but what if you can't find the
head? As in any criminal conspiracy, it takes years of undercover work
to get inside. An interview subject warned me against even mentioning
Anathema in this article: "You do not need some 350-pound hit man with
a Glock at your front door."
  The upper reaches of the network are a "darknet," hidden behind layers
of security. The sites use a "bounce" to hide their IP address, and
members can log in only from trusted IP addresses already on file. Most
transmissions between sites use heavy-duty encryption. Finally, they
continually change the usernames and passwords required to log in.
Estimates say this media darknet distributes more than half a million
movies every day. It's also, by any reading of the law, a vast criminal
enterprise engaged in wholesale copyright infringement.
  But the Feds are getting smarter. Last spring, the FBI and US
Department of Justice launched a series of raids codenamed Fastlink.
Working with cops in Sweden, the Netherlands, and eight other
countries, the operation seized more than 200 computers. One
confiscated server alone contained 65,000 pirated titles. Fastlink
rubbed out a few topsites, but new ones filled the void. The flow of
illicit games and movies slowed briefly, then resumed. In April,
federal agents interrogated Frank and impounded all his computer
equipment. So far, no charges have been filed. "But the Feds had no
idea about Half-Life," he boasts. "I was never connected to that shit.
If they found out, I'd be in jail."
Bruce Forest, a self-described "elder statesman" in the piracy scene,
started ripping and trading in the ancient days of the late '80s. While
he no longer actively traffics in bootlegged media, he maintains
contacts that give him access to the most exclusive topsites. What the
topsites don't know is that three years ago, Forest came in from the
cold. "Basically, I'm a double agent," he concedes. "Though I don't
fink anyone out. I'm not a cop."
As a consultant for one of the world's largest entertainment companies,
Forest notifies his bosses whenever one of their movies appears on a
topsite. Thanks to his unparalleled access, he enjoys a bird's-eye view
of the scene. And because he's ostensibly on the right side of the law,
he's uncommonly open with information. This makes him an anomaly within
the paranoid byways of the media darknet.
  Forest runs his business from the first floor of his rural Connecticut
home. He's in his mid-40s but moves with jerky, adolescent energy. His
brown hair is in perpetual disarray, and he pads around his office with
bare feet, dressed in cargo shorts and a faded polo. Gold and platinum
albums from his days as a producer at Island Records, MCA, and Arista
line one wall. A baroque array of computer equipment fills the next,
including 13 CPUs and 16 external hard drives (for a total of 3
terabytes of storage). His desk runs the length of the room and
supports five full-size LCD displays. I hear a soft ping. "That tells
me a movie just made its first appearance on a topsite." He points to a
window on the monitor. It shows an innocent-looking list of files from
an FTP site. The uppermost file says, "Hellboy.SCREENER.Proper.READ NFO
PRE VCD." Translation: The DVD of one of the year's biggest box office
hits has been pirated two months before its intended release date. "The
FBI would kill to be sitting here looking at this," he says.
Even first-run movies get ripped. "Remember what happened to The Hulk?"
he asks. On June 6, two weeks before its official release, a near-final
version of The Hulk showed up online. To hear studio executives tell
it, the bootleg went straight to the P2P networks and spread like a
"Bullshit," says Forest. "Trying to distribute The Hulk through the
P2Ps would take months, not hours." That's because files on the public
file-sharing networks, where no single node is much more powerful than
the next, spread at a glacial pace. Furthermore, when users connect to
a P2P network - FastTrack, for example - they connect only to a small
proportion of the number of other users connected at the same time. So
unless a topsite seeds a file across the P2P network, the odds are slim
that someone searching for a copy will actually find it.
  Forest pushes a hand through his hair, leaving it standing on end, and
rotates in his Aeron to look me in the eye. "Here's what actually
happened: Universal gave the workprint to its Manhattan ad agency. Then
the print got to SMF. And bam!" SMF, Forest explains, is a piracy group
that specializes in acquiring movies in theatrical release.
Before the folks at SMF could release the movie to a topsite, they had
to compress it - from roughly 9 Gbytes to 700 Mbytes, small enough to
fit on a single CD. Now the film drops. Forest won't say to which
topsite SMF first posted The Hulk, only that "SMF had affiliations with
certain sites, so it must have been one of those."
Archives at: Weblog at: ------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-12-30 14:30:27
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on  The Shadow Internet 
Dear Dave;
I find the entire piece to be rather amusing and I wonder if the source
isn't a card carrying neo-conservative. The concept of these "dark nets"
terrorizing anyone is ridiculous. Terrorism is the act of instilling extreme
and usually generalized fear, and consequent action (or inaction) in an
enemy/oppressor through excessive and/or seemingly random acts of violence
usually involving significant loss of "innocent" life.
What is the motivation of these "pirates?" It certainly isn't "booty;" They
won't be getting rich by ripping and broadcasting media! It seems to me
(having absolutely no direct personal experience of this corner of the net),
that these folks do it to simply prove it can be done, and to prove they can
do it better and faster. It strikes me that this makes it very difficult to
eliminate this type of network. The usual methodology for crime syndicate
elimination involves finding the money flow and stopping it and following it
upstream - here however, there is no money flow! And since the community is
very closed, highly distributed and has the best tech a "crime" syndicate
could ask for, it becomes somewhat more problematic, especially introducing
jurisdiction issues that can in some cases render the activity innocuous to
local law!
Cutting off the head of these broadcast networks is impossible - they are
hydralike, and when you take out one head, the others instantly become
immune to the previous style of attack.
I have long subscribed to the concept that "soft piracy" shows the world an
inefficiency that is impeding progress/evolution. In the 80s it was software
piracy; the message? Too expensive and not useful enough! In western society
this problem is being addressed fairly well, and piracy of software such as
Windows (ignoring counterfeiters who resell, etc.) is more of a recreational
sport than a serious impact on Microsoft. In the emerging economies piracy
is still rampant, and will be until the average person can easily
afford/justify the expense. Now, in the media world with CDs and DVDs, we
have a similar situation. A VHS tape of a new release movie was $20 and a
vinyl LP was $12 20 years ago. The technology has improved (one can hope!!)
and volume is high enough to allow for scale economy to kick in - why are
DVDs still $30+ and CDs $20+ ?!! Same game, different industry - possibly a
more insidious game this time, because with software one can plainly see
increasing capability with decreasing/static prices as a general trend - not
so with media. (Recent developments such as iTunes aside).
In my opinion, modern soft piracy is a necessary component to technological,
commercial and social evolution - so long as it is the type of piracy that
is founded on fun, not profit.
Marc Aniballi
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-12-30 19:53:48
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on The Shadow Internet 
It's harder than you might think.  Let's say you have some person who
you think is A Bad Guy.  If they're a US person, and you're USG, then
you can probably get their ISP to let you tap their wires.  After you go
to a judge.
OK, so that's fine, except that everything they do is encrypted.  We
can't decrypt that (wrong part of the USG), but fortunately the IP
address is not encrypted.
So that leads us off to some OTHER ISP.  Let's, for the sake of
argument, assume that the ISP is in the US.  Now USG treks over to that
ISP and says "we want to peek."  The ISP says "no," of course, so USG
goes back to Judge and gets a warrant and ISP (if you're lucky) suddenly
becomes cooperative.  Except that the server is one of ten thousand
piece-o-junk Linux boxes that some hosting company stuck in the data
center which they sell web sites off at $2.50/month and so the best
thing the ISP can do is point you at the box and disclose who is paying
the bill.
OK, go back to the judge, go back to the hosting company that owns the
boxes and say "show us."  The hosting company says, "that system is
being rented by a light bulb distributor out of Reno." (I'm putting them
in the US to make things easier, OK?)  The hosting company passes over
the passwords, the USG logs in (MAYBE or maybe not) and assuming that
they don't screw it up (MAYBE or maybe not) they discover that the light
bulb distributor has no idea what the hell is going on except that they
used to pay $2.50 a month and now they're about to get a $1300 bandwidth
bill, which they're going to take out of their system administrator's
salary for using 'p4ssword' as the password.
Anyway, enough of this easy stuff: now the trail gets interesting---the
logs show that the connections to this box come from Canada.  No, let's
make it Korea.  So what is Mr. G-man going to do?  Yeah, he'll send off
a couple of email messages which will either (a) get ignored or (b) get
response telling him to get a Korean search warrant.
And then it stops, because Mr. G-man ain't got no Korean judge and he
ain't got no budget to go over to Korea and plead his case.
But let's say that he does.  By this time, the trail is so cold that the
logs are gone (if there were any logs in the first place, which there
generally are not), and now he's got to go back to Step 1, or maybe Step
2 or Step 3 but this time he's got to find a German judge or an Italian
judge and so on and so on...
Now, if the money were REALLY big and the problem were REALLY
aggravating and this was the "once a year case that we want to send out
press releases on," maybe he'd get some budget to deal with this.  But
they seem to do this about once a year, maybe twice if there's an
election.  Fundamentally, though, without someone driving the
investigation via major powerful and highly funded friends in
Washington, it's not going to happen.
The existence of large piles of bandwidth concentrated in very large
rooms which have thousands of poorly protected servers in them across at
least 5 continents means that without really trying very hard the folks
who want to keep things a secret are able to do that, simply by being
mobile, IP-wise, finding new systems to hack into (trivial), and keeping
  redundant piles of data around.  With a very small amount of care, you
could hide your steps from all but the best funded and most persistent
of investigators.
And what might be interesting to Wired and its readers probably doesn't
match the drugs-and-terrorism program at the Dep't of Justice.
I've got people ONE hop away from me who WANT to cooperate but cannot
produce the necessary logs to even point at who the bad guys are that
are breaking into their machines.
Joel M Snyder, 1404 East Lind Road, Tucson, AZ, 85719
Phone: +1 520 324 0494 (voice)  +1 520 324 0495 (FAX)
jms at Opus1.COM        Opus One
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-02-03 15:28:45
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Bruce Schneier on ID cards and the 
How We Are Fighting the War on Terrorism
 IDs and the illusion of security
 Bruce Schneier
 Tuesday, February 3, 2004
 San Francisco Chronicle | Feedback | FAQ
 In recent years there has been an increased use of identification checks
as a security measure. Airlines always demand photo IDs, and hotels
increasingly do so. They're often required for admittance into government
buildings, and sometimes even hospitals. Everywhere, it seems, someone is
checking IDs. The ostensible reason is that ID checks make us all safer,
but that's just not so. In most cases, identification has very little to do
with security.
 Let's debunk the myths:
 First, verifying that someone has a photo ID is a completely useless
security measure. All the Sept. 11 terrorists had photo IDs. Some of the
IDs were real. Some were fake. Some were real IDs in fake names, bought
from a crooked DMV employee in Virginia for $1,000 each. Fake driver's
licenses for all 50 states, good enough to fool anyone who isn't paying
close attention, are available on the Internet. Or if you don't want to buy
IDs online, just ask any teenager where to get a fake ID.
 Harder-to-forge IDs only help marginally, because the problem is not
making sure the ID is valid. This is the second myth of ID checks: that
identification combined with profiling can be an indicator of intention.
 Our goal is to somehow identify the few bad guys scattered in the sea of
good guys. In an ideal world, what we would want is some kind of ID that
denotes intention. We'd want all terrorists to carry a card that says
"evildoer" and everyone else to carry a card that said "honest person who
won't try to hijack or blow up anything." Then, security would be easy. We
would just look at people's IDs and, if they were evildoers, we wouldn't
let them on the airplane or into the building.
 This is, of course, ridiculous, so we rely on identity as a substitute. In
theory, if we know who you are, and if we have enough information about
you, we can somehow predict whether you're likely to be an evildoer. This
is the basis behind CAPPS-2, the government's new airline passenger
profiling system. People are divided into two categories based on various
criteria: the traveler's address, credit history and police and tax
records; flight origin and destination; whether the ticket was purchased by
cash, check or credit card; whether the ticket is one way or round trip;
whether the traveler is alone or with a larger party; how frequently the
traveler flies; and how long before departure the ticket was purchased.
 Profiling has two very dangerous failure modes. The first one is obvious.
Profiling's intent is to divide people into two categories: people who may
be evildoers and need to be screened more carefully, and people who are
less likely to be evildoers and can be screened less carefully.
 But any such system will create a third, and very dangerous, category:
evildoers who don't fit the profile. Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh,
Washington-area sniper John Allen Muhammed and many of the Sept. 11
terrorists had no previous links to terrorism. The Unabomber taught
mathematics at UC Berkeley. The Palestinians have demonstrated that they
can recruit suicide bombers with no previous record of anti-Israeli
activities. Even the Sept. 11 hijackers went out of their way to establish
a normal-looking profile; frequent-flier numbers, a history of first-class
travel and so on. Evildoers can also engage in identity theft, and steal
the identity -- and profile -- of an honest person. Profiling can result in
less security by giving certain people an easy way to skirt security.
 There's another, even more dangerous, failure mode for these systems:
honest people who fit the evildoer profile. Because evildoers are so rare,
almost everyone who fits the profile will turn out to be a false alarm.
This not only wastes investigative resources that might be better spent
elsewhere, but it causes grave harm to those innocents who fit the profile.
Whether it's something as simple as "driving while black" or "flying while
Arab," or something more complicated such as taking scuba lessons or
protesting the Bush administration, profiling harms society because it
causes us all to live in fear...not from the evildoers, but from the police.
 Security is a trade-off; we have to weigh the security we get against the
price we pay for it. Better trade-offs are to spend money on intelligence
and analysis, investigation and making ourselves less of a pariah on the
world stage. And to spend money on the other, nonterrorist security issues
that affect far more Americans every year.
 Identification and profiling don't provide very good security, and they do
so at an enormous cost. Dropping ID checks completely, and engaging in
random screening where appropriate, is a far better security trade-off.
People who know they're being watched, and that their innocent actions can
result in police scrutiny, are people who become scared to step out of
line. They know that they can be put on a "bad list" at any time. People
living in this kind of society are not free, despite any illusionary
security they receive. It's contrary to all the ideals that went into
founding the United States.
 Bruce Schneier, CTO of Counterpane Internet Security in Cupertino, is the
author of "Beyond Fear: Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain
World" (Copernicus Books, 2003).
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2004-02-22 21:45:43
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] DoD proceeding with "TIA", etc. under 
U.S. Pressing for High-Tech Spy Tools
By MICHAEL J. SNIFFEN
Associated Press Writer
February 22, 2004, 2:27 PM EST
WASHINGTON -- Despite an outcry over privacy implications, the government is pressing ahead with research to create powerful tools to mine millions of public and private records for information about terrorists.
Congress eliminated a Pentagon office that had been developing this terrorist-tracking technology because of fears it might ensnare innocent Still, some projects from retired Adm. John Poindexter's Total Information Awareness effort were transferred to U.S. intelligence offices, congressional, federal and research officials told The Associated Press.
In addition, Congress left undisturbed a separate but similar $64 million research program run by a little-known office called the Advanced Research and Development Activity, or ARDA, that has used some of the same researchers as Poindexter's program.
"The whole congressional action looks like a shell game," said Steve Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists, which tracks work by U.S. intelligence agencies. "There may be enough of a difference for them to claim TIA was terminated while for all practical purposes the identical work is continuing."
Poindexter aimed to predict terrorist attacks by identifying telltale patterns of activity in arrests, passport applications, visas, work permits, driver's licenses, car rentals and airline ticket buys as well as credit transactions and education, medical and housing records.
The research created a political uproar because such reviews of millions of transactions could put innocent Americans under suspicion. One of Poindexter's own researchers, David D. Jensen at the University of Massachusetts, acknowledged that "high numbers of false positives can Disturbed by the privacy implications, Congress last fall closed Poindexter's office, part of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and barred the agency from continuing most of his research. Poindexter quit the government and complained that his work had been misunderstood.
The work, however, did not die.
In killing Poindexter's office, Congress quietly agreed to continue paying to develop highly specialized software to gather foreign intelligence on In a classified section summarized publicly, Congress added money for this software research to the "National Foreign Intelligence Program," without identifying openly which intelligence agency would do the work.
It said, for the time being, products of this research could only be used overseas or against non-U.S. citizens in this country, not against Americans on U.S. soil.
Congressional officials would not say which Poindexter programs were killed and which were transferred. People with direct knowledge of the contracts told the AP that the surviving programs included some of 18 data-mining projects known in Poindexter's research as Evidence Extraction and Link Poindexter's office described that research as "technology not only for `connecting the dots' that enable the U.S. to predict and pre-empt attacks but also for deciding which dots to connect." It was among the most contentious research programs.
Ted Senator, who managed that research for Poindexter, told government contractors that mining data to identify terrorists "is much harder than simply finding needles in a haystack."
"Our task is akin to finding dangerous groups of needles hidden in stacks of needle pieces," he said. "We must track all the needle pieces all of the Among Senator's 18 projects, the work by researcher Jensen shows how flexible such powerful software can be. Jensen used two online databases, the Physics Preprint Archive and the Internet Movie Database, to develop tools that would identify authoritative physics authors and would predict whether a movie would gross more than $2 million its opening weekend.
Jensen said in an interview that Poindexter's staff liked his research because the data involved "people and organizations and events ... like the data in counterterrorism."
At the University of Southern California, professor Craig Knoblauch said he developed software that automatically extracted information from travel Web sites and telephone books and tracked changes over time.
Privacy advocates feared that if such powerful tools were developed without limits from Congress, government agents could use them on any database.
Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., who fought to restrict Poindexter's office, is trying to force the executive branch to tell Congress about all its data-mining projects. He recently pleaded with a Pentagon advisory panel to propose rules on reviewing data that Congress could turn into laws.
ARDA, the research and development office, sponsors corporate and university research on information technology for U.S. intelligence agencies. It is developing computer software that can extract information from databases as well as text, voices, other audio, video, graphs, images, maps, equations and chemical formulas. It calls its effort "Novel Intelligence from Massive Data."
The office said it has given researchers no government or private data and obeys privacy laws.
The project is part of its effort "to help the nation avoid strategic surprise ... events critical to national security ... such as those of Sept. 11, 2001," the office said.
Poindexter had envisioned software that could quickly analyze "multiple petabytes" of data. The Library of Congress has space for 18 million books, and one petabyte of data would fill it more than 50 times. One petabyte could hold 40 pages of text for each of the world's more than 6.2 billion ARDA said its software would have to deal with "typically a petabyte or more" of data. It noted that some intelligence data sources "grow at the rate of four petabytes per month." Experts said those probably are files with satellite surveillance images and electronic eavesdropping results.
The Poindexter and ARDA projects are vastly more powerful than other data-mining projects such as the Homeland Security Department's CAPPS II program to classify air travelers or the six-state, Matrix anti-crime system financed by the Justice Department.
In September 2002, ARDA awarded $64 million in contracts covering 3 1/2 years. The contracts went to more than a dozen companies and university researchers, including at least six who also had worked on Poindexter's Congress threw these researchers into turmoil. Doug Lenat, the president of Cycorp Corp. in Austin, Texas, will not discuss his work but said he had an "enormous seven-figure deficit in our budget" because Congress shut down Poindexter's office.
Like many critics, James Dempsey of the Center for Democracy and Technology sees a role for properly regulated data-mining in evaluating the vast, underanalyzed data the government already collects.
Expansions of data mining, however, increase "the risk of an innocent person being in the wrong place at the wrong time, of having rented the wrong apartment ... or having a name similar to the name of some bad guy," he said.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2004-02-24 18:35:36
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Ruling on Doe v Chao [ for IP list] 
The Supreme Court handed down its decision on the important Doe v Chao
case today; please see attached. --
Court Protects Gov't From Privacy Suits
Associated Press
Tue Feb 24,12:29 PM ET
WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court made it tougher Tuesday to make the
government pay for revealing someone's Social Security (news - web
sites) number and other personal information.
Justices ruled 6-3 against a coal miner who sought $1,000 in damages
after his Social Security number was revealed. He sued under the
Privacy Act, a 1974 law which prohibits routine data collection on
ordinary Americans and protects people from having their government
records intentionally disclosed.
The Supreme Court said the Virginia man, known as Buck Doe, had to
prove that the government's violation of the privacy law actually
harmed him.
Justice David H. Souter, writing for the majority, said it is not
enough to argue that someone suffers "presumed damages" when
information about them is improperly made public.
At issue was the Labor Department (news - web sites)'s handling of
black lung disease claims. The department used miners' Social Security
numbers as case numbers and then published the numbers in reports that
became part of computerized legal research databases.
In a dissent that was longer than the ruling in the case, Justice Ruth
Bader Ginsburg (news - web sites), joined by Justices John Paul Stevens
(news - web sites) and Stephen Breyer (news - web sites), said that the
miner was emotionally damaged by the government's mistake.
He should not have to prove out-of-pocket expenses, Ginsburg said, like
fees for credit reports to ensure his identity was not stolen, or
costly prescription drugs for anxiety.
The case is Doe v. Chao, 02-1377
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-07-03 12:08:00
@_author: dave at farber.net 
@_subject: [IP] China filtering SMS messages 
Dave Farber  +1 412 726 9889
...... Forwarded Message .......
Subj: China filtering SMS messages
Hi Dave,
When Howard Rheingold wrote "Smart Mobs," he discussed how wireless
communications -- such as SMS -- can be a force for change.
Apparently, the Chinese government wants to ensure SMS is not a force
for changing the existing political system.
The "New York Times" today published an article today that leads with,
"China has begun filtering billions of telephone text messages to
ensure that people do not use the popular communication tool to
undermine one-party rule.
"The campaign, announced on Friday by the official New China News
Agency, comes after text messages sent between China's nearly 300
million mobile phone users helped to expose the national cover-up of
the SARS epidemic last year. Text messages have also generated popular
outrage about corruption and abuse cases that had received little
attention in the state-controlled media....
"The dispatch said the purpose was to stop the spread of pornographic
messages and false or deceptive advertising as well as to block
illicit news and information.
"All such companies are being required to install filtering equipment
that can monitor and delete messages that contain key words, phrases
or numbers that authorities consider suspicious before they reach
customers. The companies must contact the relevant authorities,
including the Communist Party's propaganda department, to make sure
they stay in touch with the latest lists of banned topics, executives
in the industry said."
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-07-16 09:07:22
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Government Is 'Reshaping' Airport Screening System 
Government Is 'Reshaping' Airport Screening System
By MATTHEW L. WALD
Published: July 16, 2004
ASHINGTON, July 15 - The government is backing away from a plan to use
commercial databases in its computerized system for determining which
airline passengers might pose a security risk.
But it is pressing ahead with a new computer system that will rely on
government databases.
The goal is a better screening tool that will select about 4 percent of
all passengers for more intense scrutiny, compared with the 14 percent
identified by the current system. Some travelers are now chosen for
more intensive "secondary screenings" at random, and others are chosen
for reasons that are supposed to be secret but are thought to include
booking at the last minute, buying one-way tickets and paying with
The acting administrator of the Transportation Security Administration,
David M. Stone, told the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee on
Tuesday that his agency was "reshaping and repackaging" the screening
system, which was originally supposed to use commercial databases that
sweep in data on credit, home ownership, telephone records and car
registration as a way to evaluate whether the name given by a passenger
was real. That plan, called Capps 2, for Computer Assisted Passenger
Pre-Screening, had been criticized as an invasion of passengers'
On Wednesday the secretary of homeland security, Tom Ridge, was quoted
in USA Today as saying that Capps 2 was dead. But a spokesman for his
agency, Brian Roehrkasse, said Thursday that "the administration
continues to move forward on an automated aviation passenger
prescreening system to replace the existing antiquated airline system,
to better manage risk and be more efficient."
Mr. Roehrkasse said he did not know when the new system would be put
into place. Much of it is still under development, he said.
The law that established the Transportation Security Administration,
passed by Congress in November 2001, two months after the terrorist
attacks, included a variety of requirements for the new agency. One was
to screen all baggage. That destroyed the rationale of the original
Capps system, which was established in 1998 in response to the
possibility of a bomb in a checked suitcase like the one that destroyed
Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland. Another requirement was to
develop a better screening tool to pick which passengers, with their
carry-on luggage, should be scrutinized.
The new system is supposed to rely on government databases.
The government already has a so-called no-fly list, which is actually a
list of people whom the airlines are not supposed to carry, and a
larger list of people who are supposed to be put through secondary
screening if they seek to fly. According to an administration official
who asked not to be identified, those two lists have fewer than 10,000
names but the new computer system would integrate a list of names that
is "dramatically larger." The official would not be more specific about
either number.
In addition, various government agencies maintain lists of names now,
including the State Department, the Immigration and Naturalization
Service, the F.B.I. and the C.I.A. A federal agency established last
December within the Department of Homeland Security, the Terrorist
Screening Center, is supposed to integrate these lists. The agencies
use a variety of bases for identifying individuals as suspect.
The Capps 2 system was supposed to be based on passengers' names,
addresses and phone numbers; the original proposal for the system would
have required passengers to submit their dates of birth as well. The
new system might still do that, according to the official.
Laura W. Murphy, the director of the Washington office of the American
Civil Liberties Union, one of the organizations that had been critical
of Capps 2, said a system that relied solely on government databases
could still be unfair, because the databases themselves would have
errors. But she said she was glad that the government was no longer
proposing to run every name through commercial databases.
"We don't want to turn into a society where everybody is treated like a
suspect and everybody is investigated," Ms. Murphy said.
The recently released Senate Intelligence Committee report and the
hearings held by the Sept. 11 commission have demonstrated shortcomings
in intelligence, Ms. Murphy said, and no-fly lists based on flawed
intelligence would mean a security system "built on what right now
appears to be a house of cards." The government should improve aviation
security by concentrating on simpler challenges, like access control at
airports, she said.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-07-19 16:01:29
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
>Predators
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Cat.cpl]

@_date: 2004-07-19 17:07:03
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
>fotogalary and Music
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Doll.scr]

@_date: 2004-07-20 08:55:20
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
>Animals
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Cat.scr]

@_date: 2004-07-20 20:22:37
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Surveillance targeted to convention / Wide network of cameras 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.618)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2004-07-21 09:02:23
@_author: Dave 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
>foto3 and MP3
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of New_MP3_Player.com]

@_date: 2004-06-16 07:19:28
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Face-Recognition Passports 
Face recognition passports expected by December
Yet hurdles could still delay technology
 CNN Washington Bureau
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The first U.S. passport to feature
facial-recognition technology should be produced by December, but the
technology won't be widely distributed until late 2005, a State
Department official told Congress on Tuesday.
 Maura Harty, assistant secretary for consular affairs, said the State
Department plans to test the high-tech passports by issuing them first
to U.S. officials and diplomats.
But citing technological hurdles, she repeated a request that Congress
postpone a looming deadline requiring 27 close U.S. allies to have
similar passports in place by fall.
"Given the time that it has taken to resolve these technical, complex
issues ... few of the visa waiver countries, if any, will meet the
deadline," she said. "It is not a question of ill will. It is very much
a question of difficult science."
On Monday, the House of Representatives voted to give visa-waiver
countries a one-year extension on the deadline.
But Harty and Homeland Security Undersecretary Asa Hutchinson testified
at a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday that it will
take two years to perfect the technology.
"We have been told by almost all the countries that they cannot get it
done within a year," Harty said.
Hutchinson said, "We believe that all countries can be compliant on
November 30, 2006, and it should be a hard-and-fast deadline. It's
important, I believe, for us to get this process right the first time."
Members of Congress, meanwhile, questioned the use of facial
recognition technology in the passports, saying fingerprints would be a
better identifier. The International Civil Aviation Organization chose
facial recognition as the international standard for passports.
"Every policeman in America can access the fugitive, anybody, and put
their fingerprints in the system and on a short notice determine
whether or not a warrant is out for their arrest. You can't do that
with a face," said Sen. Jeff Sessions, a Republican of Alabama.
Hutchinson said the United States believes that fingerprints "should be
a significant part" of the system, but "we don't have a consensus in
the international community to do that at this time."
The computer chip embedded in the new passports will have the capacity
to include fingerprint information, he said.
Hutchinson acknowledged the shortcomings of the facial recognition
He said it is "sufficient" at making one-on-one matches but cannot
adequately match a face on a card to large databases of faces.
"We're hopeful that the technology improves as time goes on," he said.
Another problem is that the computer chips are not as durable as they
need to be, he said.
"The chips have a life span currently of three to five years, and as
you know in many instances the passports are issued for six to 10
years," Hutchinson said. "So right now you'll be adding a chip on there
that has a shorter life span than the life of the passport itself."
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-06-21 21:19:00
@_author: dave at farber.net 
@_subject: [IP] When police ask your name, you must give it, 
Dave Farber  +1 412 726 9889
...... Forwarded Message .......
Subj: When police ask your name, you must give it, Supreme Court says
By GINA HOLLAND, Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON - A sharply divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that people who
refuse to give their names to police can be arrested, even if they've done
nothing wrong.
The court previously had said police may briefly detain people they suspect
of wrongdoing, without any proof. But until now, the justices had never held
that during those encounters a person must reveal their identity.
The court's 5-4 decision upholds laws in at least 21 states giving police
the right to ask people their name and jail those who don't cooperate. Law
enforcement officials say identification requests are a routine part of
detective work.
Privacy advocates say the decision gives police too much power. Once
officers have a name, they can use computer databases to learn all kinds of
personal information about the person.
The loser in Monday's decision was Nevada cattle rancher Larry "Dudley"
Hiibel, who was arrested and convicted of a misdemeanor after he told a
deputy that he didn't have to give out his name or show an ID.
The encounter happened after someone called police to report arguing between
Hiibel and his daughter in a truck parked along a road. An officer asked him
11 times for his identification or his name.
Hiibel repeatedly refused, at one point saying, "If you've got something,
take me to jail" and "I don't want to talk. I've done nothing. I've broken
no laws."
In fighting the arrest, Hiibel became an unlikely constitutional privacy
rights crusader. He wore a cowboy hat, boots and a bolo tie to the court
this year when justices heard arguments in his appeal.
"A Nevada cowboy courageously fought for his right to be left alone, but
lost," said his attorney, Harriet Cummings.
The court ruled that forcing someone to give police their name does not
violate their Fourth Amendment protection from unreasonable searches. The
court also said name requests do not violate the Fifth Amendment right
against self-incrimination, except in rare cases.
"One's identity is, by definition, unique; yet it is, in another sense, a
universal characteristic. Answering a request to disclose a name is likely
to be so insignificant in the scheme of things as to be incriminating only
in unusual circumstances," Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the
"A name can provide the key to a broad array of information about the
person, particularly in the hands of a police officer with access to a range
of law enforcement databases," he wrote in a dissent. Justices David H.
Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg (news - web sites) and Stephen Breyer (news -
web sites) also disagreed with the ruling.
Crime-fighting and justice groups had argued that a ruling the other way
would have protected terrorists and encouraged people to refuse to cooperate
with police.
"The constant danger of renewed terrorist activity places enormous pressure
on law enforcement to identify suspected terrorists before they strike,"
said Charles Hobson, an attorney with the Sacramento-based Criminal Justice
Legal Foundation.
But Tim Lynch, an attorney with the libertarian-oriented think tank Cato
Institute, said the court "ruled that the government can turn a person's
silence into a criminal offense."
"Ordinary Americans will be hopelessly confused about when they can assert
their right to remain silent without being jailed like Mr. Hiibel," said
Lynch, who expects the ruling will lead more cities and states, and possibly
Congress, to consider laws like the one in Nevada.
Justices had been told that at least 20 states have similar laws to the
Nevada statute: Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Delaware, Florida,
Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Montana, Nebraska, New
Hampshire, New Mexico, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, Utah, Vermont,
and Wisconsin.
The ruling was a follow up to a 1968 decision that said police may briefly
detain someone on reasonable suspicion of wrongdoing, without the stronger
standard of probable cause, to get more information. Justices said that
during such brief detentions, known as Terry stops after the 1968 ruling,
people must answer questions about their identities.
Marc Rotenberg, head of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, said
America is different 36 years after the Terry decision. "In a modern era,
when the police get your identification, they are getting an extraordinary
look at your private life."
The case is Hiibel v. Sixth Judicial District Court of the state of Nevada,
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-06-22 07:04:00
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: [IP] When police ask your name, you must give it, Supreme 
References: <20040622031624.GY12847
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040621223318.050363e8
Don't citizens have to have an english-alphabet transliteration of their
name to use for legal purposes (birth certificate, green card, social
security record)?
Everyone should change their legal names to Agent Smith.
Is there a list of the other 20 states with stop-and-identify laws?
The DMV differentiates same-name people by SSN, right?  Is it very
far-fetched to imagine that state courts and federal appeals courts will
uphold state laws requiring SSN disclosure for identification purposes?
After all, the Supreme Court didn't rule this way for fun; they ruled this
way because they think that citizen have a duty to reveal their identity
to police.  If a name isn't enough to do so, I would think a SSN would be
Maybe the 9th circuit will be safe from mandatory SSN disclosure during
Terry stops, but I doubt any other circuits will be.  The Supremes can't
want to hear another case of this sort in the near future.  They just
cranked up the temperature; if they crank it up again too soon the frogs
may notice they're about to boil.

@_date: 2004-06-22 07:09:23
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: [IP] When police ask your name, you must give it, Supreme 
References: <20040622031624.GY12847
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040621223318.050363e8
  <20040622065215.GC3169
Yes, we're screwed, but not because of the name requirement.  Soon we will
have to recite our citizenship number whenever a police officer, I mean
pig, is "investigating an investigation" and asks us to identify
ourselves.  The supreme court will uphold that requirement for the same
reason they just upheld the NV law.  The number itself is not
incriminating, and the State has a substantial interest in knowing who you
are -- you may need medicating, or you may owe the government money, or
you may have violated any number of illegitimate laws and therefore need
reeducating in a federal prison.

@_date: 2004-06-24 11:07:35
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Bruce Schneier: Unchecked police and military power is a 
security threat
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.618)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Bruce Schneier: Unchecked police and military power is a security threat
Bruce Schneier
June 24, 2004 SCHNEIER0624
As the U.S. Supreme Court decides three legal challenges to the Bush
administration's legal maneuverings against terrorism, it is important
to keep in mind how critical these cases are to our nation's security.
Security is multifaceted; there are many threats from many different
directions. It includes the security of people against terrorism, and
also the security of people against tyrannical government.
The three challenges are all similar, but vary slightly. In one case,
the families of 12 Kuwaiti and two Australian men imprisoned in
Guantanamo Bay argue that their detention is an illegal one under U.S.
law. In the other two cases, lawyers argue whether U.S. citizens -- one
captured in the United States and the other in Afghanistan -- can be
detained indefinitely without charge, trial or access to an attorney.
In all these cases, the administration argues that these detentions are
lawful, based on the current "war on terrorism." The complainants argue
that these people have rights under the U.S. Constitution, rights that
cannot be stripped away.
Legal details aside, I see very broad security issues at work here. The
Constitution and the Bill of Rights were designed to ensure the
security of people: American citizens and visitors. Their limitations
of governmental power are a security measure. Their enshrinement of
human rights is a security measure.
These measures were developed in response to colonial tyranny by
Britain, and have been extended in response to abuses of power in our
own country. Laws mandating speedy trial by jury, laws prohibiting
detention without charge, laws regulating police behavior -- these are
all laws that make us more secure. Without them, government and police
power remains unchecked.
The case of Jose Padilla is a good illustration. Arrested in Chicago in
May 2002, he has never been charged with a crime. John Ashcroft held a
press conference accusing him of trying to build a "dirty bomb," but no
court has ever seen any evidence to support this accusation. If he's
guilty, he deserves punishment; there's no doubt about that. But the
way to determine guilt or innocence is by a trial on a specific
indictment (charge or accusation of a crime). Without an indictment,
there can be no trial, and the prisoner is held in limbo.
Surely none of us wants to live under a government with the right to
arrest anyone at any time for any reason, and to hold them without
trial indefinitely.
The Bush administration has countered that it cannot try these people
in public because that would compromise its methods and intelligence.
Our government has made this claim before, and invariably it turned out
to be a red herring.
In 1985, retired Naval officer John Walker was caught spying for the
Soviet Union; the evidence given by the National Security Agency was
enough to convict him without giving away military secrets.
More recently, John Walker Lindh -- the "American Taliban" captured in
Afghanistan -- was processed by the justice system, and received a
20-year prison sentence. Even during World War II, German spies
captured in the United States were given attorneys and tried in public
We need to carry on these principles of fair and open justice, both
because it is the right thing to do and because it makes us all more
The United States is admired throughout the world because of our
freedoms and our liberties. The very rights that are being discussed
within the halls of the Supreme Court are the rights that keep us all
safe and secure. The more our fight against terrorism is conducted
within the confines of law, the more it gives consideration to the
principles of fair and open trial, due process and "innocent until
proven guilty," the safer we all are.
Unchecked police and military power is a security threat -- just as
important a threat as unchecked terrorism. There is no reason to
sacrifice the former to obtain the latter, and there are very good
reasons not to.
Bruce Schneier, Minneapolis, is chief technology officer of Counterpane
Internet Security Inc. and the author of "Beyond Fear: Thinking
Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World."
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-06-27 07:46:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] NYTimes.com Article: In an Age of Terror, Safety Is Relative 
In an Age of Terror, Safety Is Relative
June 27, 2004
 By GREGG EASTERBROOK
WASHINGTON - On the subway a few weeks after the Madrid
bombings, I noticed a parcel under a seat. I asked other
passengers, but no one claimed the object. I looked inside
the parcel and saw some papers and an elaborately wrapped
object the size of a grapefruit. The train pulled into
Metro Center, the main station of the Washington subway. I
contemplated that I might be about to pick up a bomb, but
then I'd already been stupid enough to look inside, so I
carried out the package, put it on a bench and told the
station manager. Officers appeared quickly, though trains
continued running and people kept milling past.
When I first saw the package, should I have used the
emergency intercom to alert the motorman? Should he have
stopped the train and evacuated everyone? When I alerted
the manager, should she have closed the station, bringing
the entire system to a halt? Had it turned out to be a
bomb, pundits second-guessing the disaster that followed
might have said the station manager and I were fools for
not pushing the panic button. But what if a trainload of
frantic people had been evacuated into a dark tunnel with a
high-voltage rail, all because of an elaborately wrapped
This is an example of the practical limits to security in
the post-9/11 world. With the introduction of sophisticated
airport inspections, bomb-screening of checked bags,
security stops at building entrances, better passport
controls, "smart borders" with improved computers and
identity scanners, and hundreds of radiation and bioweapon
detectors installed in urban areas, security has
significantly improved in just three years. This summer,
residents of New York and Boston are seeing lots of extra
patrols, bomb-sniffing dogs and police drills, in
preparation for the political conventions.
But some of what's being done is primarily psychological:
to make people feel more safe, regardless of whether they
really are. And though the government must try any
reasonable idea to counter terrorism, in the next round of
security improvements to come there will be serious limits
to practicality and affordability.
Consider train safety. Recently the Transportation Security
Administration tested screening of Amtrak passengers at the
New Carrollton, Md., stop. Riders walked one by one through
a device that sniffs the air for molecules associated with
explosives. Probably anyone carrying a bomb would have been
detected. But Amtrak has about 500 stations, half unstaffed
whistle-stops. To add bomb-sniffers, plus personnel, to
every station would be a significant expense.
The New Carrollton stop is a quiet suburban station
handling roughly 1,000 passengers a day. The Washington
subway system carries half a million passengers a day. Many
enter at downtown stations that are mob scenes; to make
everyone walk through sniffer machines would be incredibly
cumbersome. The New York subway system carries 3.8 million
passengers a day, boarding at 468 stations. Screening all
those riders would be a logistical nightmare, even if cost
were no object. Many New York stations would need extensive
re-engineering, and the lines would stretch up the stairs.
And cost is an object. An estimated $11 billion has been
spent to improve American airline security since Sept. 11,
2001. The airlines board about 1.5 million passengers a
day. With the New York subway system alone carrying more
than twice that, screening might cost about twice as much
as has been spent on airline security.
Maybe there's a way to avoid subway passenger screening.
Starting in July, Boston transit police will hand-search
the packages of travelers on the storied T subway system.
Riders will continue to board unscreened. Officers, some
with explosives-sniffing dogs, will wander through cars and
demand that passengers open packages, briefcases or
backpacks. Already there is an excruciating legal dispute
about whether the officers should be scanning for those who
fit terrorist profiles, or making random searches: that is,
ordering grandma to show what's in her purse while ignoring
the Middle Eastern-looking young man with the backpack.
Set aside the legalities and concentrate on the practical.
The Boston system has 247 transit officers, only a fraction
of whom will be on trains at any particular time. What are
the odds officers will stumble onto the one person, among
hundreds of thousands, who is carrying something dangerous?
People will feel safer knowing that officers are there, and
making people feel safer may be the next best thing to
actual safety. In the months after 9/11, National Guard
units in battle fatigues patrolled airports: those
camouflage outfits would hardly have helped Guard members
blend in against a backdrop of vacationers and Chick-Fil-A
stands. Officers with assault rifles now walk Times Square,
though the chances an assault rifle will be needed are
Amtrak now demands that ticket buyers show a driver's
license or similar identification. Maybe this will catch a
lone deranged person, but the 9/11 attackers made sure
their paperwork was in order. Many office buildings now
require visitors to show a driver's license, which a
low-wage desk worker glances at perfunctorily. During the
Democratic National Convention in July, the police will
close much of the highway system of downtown Boston.
How much has been spent on real action? Steven M. Kosiak,
an analyst at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary
Assessments, a Washington research group, estimates that
since Sept. 11, 2001, about $26 billion has been invested
in improving the security of critical infrastructure in the
United States. Domestic security over all (personnel and
preparedness as well as infrastructure) is a $41.3 billion
line in the current federal budget, and President Bush has
requested $47.4 billion in fiscal 2005, a request that
includes allotments like $3.6 billion to stockpile vaccines
and antidotes. Domestic antiterrorism spending is now at
nearly 10 times the level of President Bill Clinton's final
budget for it. Nonetheless, last year a Council on Foreign
Relations report said domestic security was drastically
Senator John Kerry, the presumptive Democratic presidential
nominee, says he wants still higher spending. He advocates
100,000 more firefighters, 5,000 new police officers
trained specifically for antiterrorism, special funds for
states and cities whenever an orange-level security alert
is issued and other new investments.
But money for more security must be weighed against other
priorities. The Council on Foreign Relations study, for
example, noted, "Only 10 percent of fire departments in the
United States have the personnel and equipment to respond
to a building collapse." Yet should most fire departments
have millions of dollars' worth of equipment to handle a
building collapse, when the chances of this happening in
any one place, even any one big city, are tiny?
Further improvements in security may prove impractical, or
threats to liberty. Should bus passengers be screened?
Israel, that most security-conscious of nations, has found
bus attacks nearly impossible to stop. Should all cars be
inspected before entering parking garages? The first World
Trade Center attack involved a van bomb in the parking
garage. (Cars entering the parking lots at many federal
buildings are now inspected; this is not done at most
commercial lots under private skyscrapers.) Should everyone
carry an identity card with "biometric" data coded into it?
The economic considerations are just as daunting. Mr.
Kosiak estimates $407 billion has been spent in the wake of
9/11, a figure that includes military operations in
Afghanistan and Iraq. If the estimate is correct, then more
than 1 percent of the gross domestic product since 9/11 has
gone to security improvements and to the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan. National prosperity has declined slightly as a
Extra security layers also burden the economy. Roadblocks
slow the movement of goods; complex inspections of
shipments add to processing costs; restricting entry to the
United States of the 99.9999 percent of foreign citizens
who mean no harm is bad for tourism, for movement of
intellectual capital and other aspects of the economy. One
reason America has prospered is that it invested heavily in
removing friction from the economy by making trade, travel
and transactions as convenient as possible. Since 9/11,
"we've been putting the friction back in," Brian Michael
Jenkins of the RAND Corporation has noted.
Consider movement of shipping. Some 20,000 shipping
containers a day arrive at United States ports, with
perhaps 1 percent inspected. An estimated 250 million
shipping containers are in motion around the world. The
Central Intelligence Agency is believed to have concluded
that a crude atomic bomb or other terror weapon is far more
likely to arrive in the United States via shipping
container than on a missile from a rogue state.
But 20,000 shipping containers per day cannot be fully
inspected without significantly slowing the economy. The
Department of Homeland Security has a program to place
American inspectors overseas at ports like Rotterdam and
Singapore. But there's a practical limit to how secure
shipping can be, just as there are practical limits to many
ideas to improve security.
In a world of six billion souls, all it takes is one person
a day willing to commit suicide to cause harm and sustain
the sense of civilization in jeopardy. Governments will
keep trying to improve public safety, but no matter how
much is spent, there may be a limit to buying security
against that one person.
Gregg Easterbrook, a senior editor at The New Republic and
a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution, is the
author of "The Progress Paradox."
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-05-05 09:26:10
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] microsoft offers "whitelist" 
Microsoft offers anti-spam bypass
Hotmail, MSN operator adopts program that will allow marketers to bypass
filters by paying a bond.
May 5, 2004: 6:28 AM EDT
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. said Wednesday it has adopted an
e-mail "whitelist" program by IronPort Systems Inc. that will allow
legitimate marketers to thread the gauntlet of spam filters protecting its
Microsoft's Hotmail and MSN e-mail services, which together claim 170
million regular users, will require marketers to put money up front if they
wish to ensure their messages aren't mistaken for unwanted spam.
IronPort's "Bonded Sender" service guarantees that legitimate marketers who
post a cash bond and adhere to a set of guidelines will get their messages
"It's the exact opposite of blocking. It says, 'Hey you're a good guy, I'm
not going to run you through the metal detectors," said Tom Gillis,
IronPort's vice president for marketing.
Such a "whitelist" approach requires the active cooperation of marketers --
a much more likely prospect now that Microsoft has signed up, Gillis said.
Unsolicited bulk messages now account for roughly two-thirds of all e-mail,
according to several estimates.
Internet providers use filters to examine incoming messages and consult
"blacklists" to block traffic from computers known to send out spam.
IronPort's approach rewards e-mail senders who agree to be held accountable
for their messages.
Participating marketers must demonstrate a history of responsible e-mailing
and must provide an easy way for consumers to opt out of future mailings,
among other things.
Those found to be engaging in abusive behavior forfeit a cash bond of up to
$20,000, Gillis said.
Internet providers are considering other ways to make e-mail more reliable.
Both Microsoft and Yahoo Inc. (YHOO: Research, Estimates) are developing
authentication systems that could make it harder for spammers to
appropriate others' e-mail addresses.
Other methods would make spamming less profitable by sucking up computing
power or requiring human input every time a message is sent.
"When you add these up over time, it will be uneconomical to send out
spam," said Microsoft spam specialist George Webb.
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-05-21 07:43:00
@_author: dave at farber.net 
@_subject: [IP] Microsoft told to explain e-mail deletion 
...... Forwarded Message .......
Subj: Microsoft told to explain e-mail deletion memos
This is an enormous development, given the history of all the
litigation against Microsoft.
The Judge's order implies a concern over a very conscious decision by
the software giant to eliminate incriminating emails -- after receiving
a judicial order to archive all of them during the Anti-Trust case.
Additionally, being ordered to search the legal department's archive
suggests (in my biased opinion) that because of the affirmative actions
of the company in ordering email destruction, they are not able to hide
behind Attorney-Client privilege. Further, this implies that some
Microsoft employees perjured themselves during prior sworn testimony.
As previously disclosed, I am on the Board of Burst, and have
absolutely no objectivity whatsoever. But read the report yourself, and
reach your own conclusion.
Barry L. Ritholtz
Market Strategist
Maxim Group
britholtz at maximgrp.com
(212) 895-3614
Microsoft told to explain e-mail deletion memos
Friday, May 21, 2004
By JAMES ROWLEY
BLOOMBERG NEWS
A federal judge ordered Microsoft Corp. yesterday to search a company
computer to help explain why Vice President James Allchin told
employees in 2000 to eliminate e-mails.
U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz in Baltimore issued the order in
an antitrust and patent suit by Burst.com Inc., which has accused
Microsoft of stealing its technology for broadcasting sound and video
over the Internet at high speeds. Burst.com charges that Microsoft
destroyed e-mails that may help the smaller rival win its case.
Motz told the company to search a legal department computer for any
evidence that Microsoft lawyers advised Allchin and others to adopt a
policy of scrapping e-mails. A written policy circulated in 1997 by
company computer operators advised employees not to save e-mails for
more than 30 days "due to legal issues."
"I want to know as much as I can how 'due to legal issues' got in
there," Motz told Microsoft lawyer John Treece at a hearing yesterday.
"I want to know who talked to Mr. Allchin from the legal department
before the e-mail was sent and what was said."
Motz didn't accept Microsoft's explanation that the information
technology department inserted the words in the company policy
statement to make it easier to persuade employees to delete e-mails
after 30 days to save computer memory space. "It may be true, but it
doesn't have the ring of truth to me," the judge said. Allchin's Jan.
23, 2000, e-mail said: "do not archive your mail. 30 days." Allchin
told employees, "This is not something that you get to decide. This is
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 2004-11-01 11:31:43
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Call for Nominations - NRC project on Information Fusion and 
Data Mining
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.619)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2004-11-22 21:35:49
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Government Uses Color Laser Printer Technology to Track 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.619)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2004-09-08 11:57:00
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] New research on foreign intelligence 
...... Forwarded Message .......
Subj: New research on foreign intelligence surveillance/wiretapping
secrecy/openness that a reader sent you.
Surveillance Law."
United States under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act than for all
law enforcement actions.  This paper gives the most thorough discussion to
date of the history and theory of the special laws and institutions used for
foreign intelligence surveillance.  It analyzes the major changes in the
USA-PATRIOT Act, most of which sunset at the end of 2005.  It then provides
a number of proposals for reform.
more discussion of the legal rules that govern intelligence activities
conducted within the United States.  There are compelling reasons to keep
much of this surveillance activity secret.  There are also compelling
reasons to create effective checks and balances in the system, so that
secret surveillance powers do not slide into abuses of those powers.  As key
FISA provisions sunset in 2005, this paper seeks to provide a basis for a
more informed public debate.
Prof. Peter P. Swire
Moritz College of Law of the
    Ohio State University
John Glenn Scholar in Public Policy Research
(240) 994-4142; You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-04-19 09:04:45
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on   on RFIDs in passports 
Organization: The Practical Nomad
Accroding to the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking:
The proposed rule ... would include a damaged electronic chip as
an additional basis for possible invalidation of a passport....
Under the proposed rule, a passport that contains a damaged,
defective, or otherwise nonfunctioning electronic chip ... may
be invalidated by the Department of State.... If the damage were
caused deliberately, the passport would be invalidated upon
The proposed regulation itself provides as follows:
Sec. 51.6 --Damaged, mutilated or altered passport: Any passport
which has been materially changed in physical appearance or
composition, or contains a damaged, defective or otherwise
nonfunctioning electronic chip, or which includes unauthorized
changes, obliterations, entries or photographs, ... may be
I discuss this, and some of Moss's other statements, at:
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-04-23 16:37:01
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Ohio politician busted for watching too much 
Official: Implant chips into offenders
While [Butler County, Commissioner Michael] Fox earlier had suggested the
use of electronic ankle or wrist bracelets to allow for passive monitoring
of offenders, on Monday he took the proposal a step further, calling for a
plan of implanting computer microchips into offenders so that they can be
tracked and located immediately.
"People have these GPS chips put in their pets and - in some case - in their
children, in the event they are lost or kidnapped," Fox said. "I don't see
why the same can't be done with probationees."
False Hopes for Implants in Criminals
By Sherrie Gossett  |  April 22, 2005
The editorial was right when it stated such implantation raises serious
legal, ethical and civil rights questions. But first it raises questions of
factual accuracy. Why? Because there are no commercially available GPS
implants in existence. The Florida company, Applied Digital Solutions (ADS),
announced in December of 1999 that it had acquired the patent for a
syringe-injectable GPS implant that was powered by muscle movement and could
be remotely monitored. The location and movements of the host could be
stored in a database for future reference, the company said. ADS recommended
use of the technology for tracking felons and prisoners.
But it is now over five years since ADS made that announcement and they have
yet to produce any proof of such a device.
EPIC_IDOF mailing list
EPIC_IDOF at mailman.epic.org
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-04-28 08:46:18
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on Privacy tip: be wary of Google's "personal history" 
feature [priv]
X-Mailer: Lonely Cat Games ProfiMail
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-08-05 11:09:55
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Cellphone carriers can listen in through your phone 
URL: Sent from: djf (dave at farber.net)
Sent to: dave at farber.net
Cellphone carriers can listen in through your phone?Aug 5, 2005,
10:20 AM ET by Ryan Block
We?re always a little wary of that very blurry line between
protection of the general public and infringements on basic civil
liberties, but it would appear that according to the Financial Times
by way of the Guardian, at least one UK cellphone carrier not only
has the power (and mandate) to remotely install software over the air
to users? handsets that would allow for the kind of monitoring we
thought only perverts and paranoiacs had access to: picking up audio
from the phone?s mic when the device isn?t on a call. While don?t
think the backlash on this one has really gotten underway yet, and
though we do hate to rock a clich?, we can?t help but be reminded of
that classic Benjamin Franklin quote, ?They that can give up
essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither
liberty nor safety.? What?s worse, a cellphone carrier and The Man
are gonna take it from us without our permission on the sly?
[Via textually]
Related Links
 ? Page Title
 ? Permanent Link to this Entry + Send to a Friend + Reader Comments
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-12-03 15:32:31
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on  I strongly afree with this djf Google search and 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-12-03 15:33:14
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on   I strongly afree with this djf Google search and 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-12-23 22:58:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Summarized --  Warrantless NSA program involved massive data 
collection (NYT)
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23 - The National Security Agency has traced and
analyzed large volumes of telephone and Internet communications
flowing into and out of the United States as part of the
eavesdropping program that President Bush approved after the Sept.
11, 2001, attacks to hunt for evidence of terrorist activity,
according to current and former government officials.
The volume of information harvested from telecommunication data and
voice networks, without court-approved warrants, is much larger than
the White House has acknowledged, the officials said.
...One issue of concern to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Court, which has reviewed some separate warrant applications growing
out of the N.S.A.'s surveillance program, is whether the court has
legal authority over calls outside the United States that happen to
pass through American-based telephonic "switches," according to
officials familiar with the matter.
...Since the disclosure last week of the N.S.A.'s domestic
surveillance program, President Bush and his senior aides have
stressed that his executive order allowing eavesdropping without
warrants was limited to the monitoring of international phone and e-
mail communications involving people with known links to Al Qaeda.
...The use of similar data-mining operations by the Bush
administration in other contexts has raised strong objections, most
notably in connection with the Total Information Awareness system,
developed by the Pentagon for tracking terror suspects, and the
Department of Homeland Security's Capps program for screening airline
...But the Bush administration regards the N.S.A.'s ability to trace
and analyze large volumes of data as critical to its expanded mission
to detect terrorist plots before they can be carried out, officials
familiar with the program say.
...A former technology manager at a major telecommunications company
said that since the Sept. 11 attacks, the leading companies in the
industry have been storing information on calling patterns and giving
it to the federal government to aid in tracking possible terrorists.
"All that data is mined with the cooperation of the government and
shared with them, and since 9/11, there's been much more active
involvement in that area," said the former manager, a
telecommunications expert who did not want his name or that of his
former company used because of concern about revealing trade secrets.
...The switches are some of the main arteries for moving voice and
some Internet traffic into and out of the United States, and, with
the globalization of the telecommunications industry in recent years,
many international-to-international calls are also routed through
such American switches.
...Now that foreign calls were being routed through switches on
American soil, some judges and law enforcement officials regarded
eavesdropping on those calls as a possible violation of those decades-
old restrictions, including the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act, which requires court-approved warrants for domestic surveillance.
...But the N.S.A.'s backdoor access to major telecommunications
switches on American soil with the cooperation of major corporations
represents a significant expansion of the agency's operational
capability, according to current and former government officials.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-26 13:19:05
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Victims of the darkness: Government surveillance and 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-12-26 15:34:15
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Boundless' CEO to speak at NYC Wireless: Using City-Scale WiFi 
to Fight Crime
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-12-30 07:24:48
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Summarized -- WashPost: Bush's Massive and Secret CIA "GST" 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
The effort President Bush authorized shortly after Sept. 11, 2001, to
fight al Qaeda has grown into the largest CIA covert action program
since the height of the Cold War, expanding in size and ambition
despite a growing outcry at home and abroad over its clandestine
tactics, according to former and current intelligence officials and
congressional and administration sources.
...GST includes programs allowing the CIA to capture al Qaeda
suspects with help from foreign intelligence services, to maintain
secret prisons abroad, to use interrogation techniques that some
lawyers say violate international treaties, and to maintain a fleet
of aircraft to move detainees around the globe.
...Over the past two years, as aspects of this umbrella effort have
burst into public view, the revelations have prompted protests and
official investigations in countries that work with the United
States, as well as condemnation by international human rights
activists and criticism by members of Congress.
...The administration's decisions to rely on a small circle of
lawyers for legal interpretations that justify the CIA's covert
programs and not to consult widely with Congress on them have also
helped insulate the efforts from the growing furor, said several
sources who have been involved.
...That program is separate from the GST program, but three lawyers
involved said the legal rationale for the NSA program is essentially
the same one used to support GST, which is an abbreviation of a
classified code name for the umbrella covert action program.
The administration contends it is still acting in self-defense after
the Sept. 11 attacks, that the battlefield is worldwide, and that
everything it has approved is consistent with the demands made by
Congress on Sept. 14, 2001, when it passed a resolution authorizing
"all necessary and appropriate force against those nations,
organizations, or persons [the president] determines planned,
authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks."
...After a CIA inspector general's report in the spring of 2004
stated that some authorized interrogation techniques violated
international law, Goss asked two national security experts to study
the program's effectiveness.
...But two intelligence experts said the CIA will be required to draw
up clear guidelines and to get all special interrogation techniques
approved by a wider range of government lawyers who hold a more
conventional interpretation of international treaty obligations.
...The top-secret presidential finding Bush signed six days after the
Sept. 11 attacks empowered the intelligence agencies in a way not
seen since World War II, and it ordered them to create what would
become the GST program.
...With billions of dollars appropriated each year by Congress, the
CIA has established joint counterterrorism intelligence centers in
more than two dozen countries, and it has enlisted at least eight
countries, including several in Eastern Europe, to allow secret
prisons on their soil.
Working behind the scenes, the CIA has gained approval from foreign
governments to whisk terrorism suspects off the streets or out of
police custody into a clandestine prison system that includes the
CIA's black sites and facilities run by intelligence agencies in
other countries.
...In four years, the GST has become larger than the CIA's covert
action programs in Afghanistan and Central America in the 1980s,
according to current and former intelligence officials.
...When the CIA wanted new rules for interrogating important
terrorism suspects the White House gave the task to a small group of
lawyers within the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel who
believed in an aggressive interpretation of presidential power.
..."The Bush administration did not seek a broad debate on whether
commander-in-chief powers can trump international conventions and
domestic statutes in our struggle against terrorism," said Radsan,
the former CIA lawyer, who is a professor at William Mitchell College
of Law in St.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-31 17:59:18
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Pupils Being Given 'Patriotism' Tests in Washington State 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-02-07 16:11:15
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Hacking Fingerprint Readers 
Reply-To: The Biometric Consortium's Discussion List
Hello all
I have report of fake the fingerprint reader. Is this technique is fooling
the most of the fingerprint readers currently? Or are they any improvement
to block this impostor attempt?
I think it is better to talk about this matter, cause the biometrics
becoming a major security barrier to most of the governments currently,
especially on national security. If we cannot cope to block this kind of
attempt, I think our biometric industry will have to face a major blow;
Cause public is still not much interest to keep their feet on our security
measure. Our responsibility is to keep this Industry stable by developing
this technology by looking at the criminals move on break this security
Muheed Jeeran
Bsc Hons Computing
Last year in the June issue of CRYPTO-GRAM you made a reference to our
article "Don't get your fingers burned".  In the article we describe two
methods to duplicate fingerprints.  One method assumes co-operation
(somebody "lends" his finger to make a duplicate), while in the other method
a lifted latent fingerprint is duplicated by means of a photo/chemical
process.  With these dummy fingerprints we have been able to fool all
fingerprint sensors we have tested in our lab and on exhibitions (about 20
different brands).  I started with these
experiments in the early nineties, so more than 10 years ago.
Last week we were invited by the BBC to come to London for in interview
about duplicating fingerprints.  The reason was that the British
Administration intends to add biometrics to the new British identity card,
one of the options is fingerprint biometrics.  The programme,
"Kenyon Confronts" has aired on Wednesday October 29th and is (for a short
period of time) available for on-line viewing at the BBC site.
Since my first experiments were dated ten years back, I decided to redo my
experiments.  I knew it would be easier to duplicate fingerprints with all
the materials and equipment available today, but the results even amazed me.
To give you an idea, ten years ago to make a duplicate of a fingerprint with
co-operation took me 2 to 3 hours and for an optimum result I used materials
used by dental technicians.  Nowadays I use materials you can buy in a
do-it-yourself shop and the total material costs are about $10 (enough for
about 20 dummy fingers).
The time it takes to make a perfect duplicate is about 15 minutes (with
special material it can be reduced to less than 10 minutes).  To make a
duplicate of a lifted fingerprint took me several days in 1992 and I had to
do a lot of experiments to find the right process/technique.  Now it takes
me half an hour and the material costs are $20 (also sufficient for about 20
duplicates), the only equipment you need is a digital camera and an UV lamp.
Not only do I now make the duplicates in a fraction of the time, but also
the quality is better.
The reason for writing you all this is the following.  Although, most of the
fingerprint manufacturers still ignore that there is a problem or claim to
have solved it, some are willing to admit, but use the argument that it is
very difficult and expensive to duplicate fingerprints and that it can only
be done by highly skilled professionals.  In the first place I think this is
not a very strong argument, second I admit I am a professional, but now the
average do-it-yourself is able to achieve perfect results and requires only
limited means and skills.
So it is our opinion, that as long as the manufacturers of fingerprint
equipment do not solve the live detection problem (i.e. detect the
difference between a live finger and a dummy), biometric fingerprint sensors
should not be used in combination with identity cards, or in
medium to high security applications.  In fact, we even believe that
identity cards with fingerprint biometrics are in fact weaker than cards
without it.  The following two examples may illustrate this statement.
1.  Suppose, because of the fingerprint check, there is no longer visual
identification by an official or a controller.  When the fingerprint matches
with the template in the card then access is granted if it is a valid card
(not on the blacklist).  In that case someone who's own card is on the
blacklist, can buy a valid identity card with matching dummy fingerprint
(only 15 minutes work) and still get access without anyone noticing this.
2.  Another example: Suppose there still is visual identification and only
in case of doubt--the look-alike problem with identity cardsthe fingerprint
will be checked.  When the photo on the identity card and the person do not
really match and the official asks for fingerprint verification, most likely
the positive result of the fingerprint scan will prevail.  That is, the "OK"
from the technical fingerprint system will remove any (legitimate) doubt.
It is our opinion that especially the combination of identity cards and
biometric fingerprint sensors results in risks of which not many people are
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-04 17:10:04
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Jasper Green Lasers: useful tool or 
Yikes!  High-powered laser pointers do seem to present a problem to pilots.
Jasper Green Lasers: useful tool or terrorist weapon?
posted by Noah  , at 2:52 PM
I'm sure we've all read stories like this one
  or this
one   or this one
  in the past week
or so. The theme is consistent: some dorkus is shining a green laser into
moving aircraft and temporarily blinding pilots. Not cool, obviously.
On Thursday I was contacted by the FBI. They were investigating a new
incident even scarier than the ones we've read about. The good news is they
are coming up with ways to track and catch the culprits. The bad news is, we
have reason to believe at least one of the culprits is using a Jasper. Wow.
The theory is this: the dorkuses possibly modified their lasers (this is
easy to do) to increase the power. and accessorizing it with a tripod and a
scope to track and aim at aircraft. Even the unmodified Jasper is plainly
visible at 10,000 feet. At 25,000 feet it is still visible, but it becomes
fainter and obviously much more difficult to aim from the ground. Since
there are so many reflective surfaces in the cockpit, it only takes the beam
landing on one of the cockpit windows for 2-3 seconds before it bounces all
around, and temporarily blinds the pilots.
We have been asked if there are any suspicious persons have purchased from
us, especially in areas like Colorado, New Jersey, Ohio and southern Oregon
where instances have been reported. We are trying to cooperate with the
authorities while at the same time respecting the privacy of our customers.
If you own or are about to purchase a Jasper, please do not point it towards
people or moving objects. It is dangerous. Please do not modify it to
increase the power output. It will void your warranty, harm your laser and
render it largely unuseful for serious pointing.
And if you are amongst the one or two losers amongst thousands of
responsible Jasper users, please be aware that you will soon be caught. The
next time you point your Jasper towards a plane, you will see a police
helicoptor or military aircraft flying around your area. They will see your
beam, which points right back to you. Then they will come to arrest you, and
hopefully put you in jail. Your Jasper will be confiscated, and you will not
be issued a refund.
Commenting is Closed
  For questions email us   or to
order  by phone call (888) 258-8440.
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-10 11:27:15
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] The DNA round-up on Cape Cod 
I live in the town of Truro on Cape Cod about 4 or 5 months out of the year.
This past week, the Truro has been on the national news because the local
police are attempting to obtain DNA samples of all men of the town in order
to solve a three-year old murder case.  Here are a couple of the articles
that give the details of what is going on in this DNA round-up:
   To Try to Net Killer, Police Ask a Small Town's Men for DNA
      Truro abuzz over 'swab' DNA testing
   I am headed back to my Truro house later this week.  If I am approached by
the police to provide a DNA sample for their round-up of Truro males, I am
planning to refuse.  However, I just realized that I already gave a DNA
sample to the Town of Truro recently.  I paid my property tax bill to the
Truro tax collectors office two weeks ago.  My DNA is on the tax payment
envelope that I licked.
Envelopes are apparently a good source of DNA material according to this
   DNA on Envelope Reopens Decades-old Murder Case
   Richard M. Smith
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-12 14:46:47
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] No expectation of privacy in public? In a 
Orwell was an amateur djf
------ Forwarded Message
It's time to blow the lid off this "no expectation of privacy in
public places" argument that judges and law enforcement now spout out
like demented parrots in so many situations.
Technology has rendered that argument meaningless -- unless we
intend to permit a pervasive surveillance slave society to become
our future -- which apparently is the goal among some parties.
It is incredibly disingenuous to claim that cameras (increasingly
tied to face recognition software) and GPS tracking devices (which
could end up being standard in new vehicles as part of their
instrumentation black boxes), etc. are no different than cops
following suspects.
Technology will effectively allow everyone to be followed all of the
time.  Unless society agrees that everything you do outside the
confines of your home and office should be available to authorities
on demand -- even retrospectively via archived images and data -- we
are going down an incredibly dangerous hole.
I use the "slimy guy in the raincoat" analogy.  Let's say the
government arranged for everyone to be followed at all times in
public by slimy guys in raincoats.  Each has a camera and clipboard,
and wherever you go in public, they are your shadow.  They keep
snapping photos of where you go and where you look.  They're
constantly jotting down the details of your movements.  When you go
into your home, they wait outside, ready to start shadowing you
again as soon as you step off your property.  Every day, they report
everything they've learned about you to a government database.
Needless to say, most people would presumably feel incredibly
violated by such a scenario, even though it's all taking place in
that public space where we're told that we have no expectation of
Technology is creating the largely invisible equivalent of that guy
in the raincoat, ready to tail us all in perpetuity.  If we don't
control him, he will most assuredly control us.
Lauren Weinstein
lauren at pfir.org or lauren at vortex.com or lauren at privacyforum.org
Tel: +1 (818) 225-2800
Co-Founder, PFIR - People For Internet Responsibility - Co-Founder, Fact Squad - Co-Founder, URIICA - Union for Representative International Internet
                     Cooperation and Analysis - Moderator, PRIVACY Forum - Member, ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy
Lauren's Blog:   - - -
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-14 04:02:03
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on   No expectation of privacy in public? 
Reply-To: Hi - I forwarded these messages to author David Brin.
His reply is below, and he gave permission for you to post it IP if you
Thank you and best wishes - Josh
Josh, thanks for sharing these remarks about privacy.
Alas, these folks are falling for the usual trap that
has snared so many well-meaning people for the last
decade.  They are right to worry about creeping Big
Brotherism... and vigorously defending the wrong
stretch of wall.
What weird reflex is it, that makes bright people fall
for the trap of seeing SECRECY as a friend of freedom?
(Oh, when it's YOUR secrecy you call it "privacy.") To
rail against others seeing, without suggesting  any
conceivable way that
(1) the technologies could be stopped or
(2) how it would help matters to stop govt
surveillance even if we could.
As I've emphasized in The Transparent Society, the
thing that has kept us free and safe has been to
emphasize MORE information flows.  To
ENHANCE how much average people know.
And yes, this is the one way to protect genuine
PRIVACY... though any sensible person knows that the
word will be re-defined in a new century flooded with
cheap cameras.
(For a look at the near future, see:
This inane reflex to try to blind others, instead of
empowering citizens to look back, is like a drug,
alas.  But slowly people are awakening to the facts.
The world will be a sea of cameras and vision.  But
that needn't be a nightmare, if we can hold the
watchers accountable by looking BACK.
With cordial regards,
David Brin
 Josh Duberman, Pivotalinfo LLC,
15100 SE 38th St.  Bellevue,
WA 98006; Tel:(425) 746-0050;
Cell:(425) 591-8200; pivotalinfo at usa.net;
Information For Solutions In Business & Science
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-19 13:51:24
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] CA State bill could cripple P2P 
Reply-To:   State bill could cripple P2P
  By John Borland
  Story last modified Tue Jan 18 17:55:00 PST 2005
A bill introduced in California's Legislature last week has raised the
possibility of jail time for developers of file-swapping software who
don't stop trades of copyrighted movies and songs online.
The proposal, introduced by Los Angeles Sen. Kevin Murray, takes direct
aim at companies that distribute software such as Kazaa, eDonkey or
Morpheus. If passed and signed into law, it could expose file-swapping
software developers to fines of up to $2,500 per charge, or a year in
jail, if they don't take "reasonable care" in preventing the use of
their software to swap copyrighted music or movies--or child
  Peer-to-peer software companies and their allies immediately
criticized the bill as a danger to technological innovation, and as
potentially unconstitutional.
  "State Sen. Murray did not choose to seek out the facts before
introducing misguided legislation that effectively would make criminals
out of many companies that bring jobs and economic growth to
California," Mike Weiss, CEO of Morpheus parent StreamCast Networks,
said in a statement. "This bill is an attack on innovation itself and
tax-paying California-based businesses like StreamCast depend on that
freedom to innovate."
  The bill comes as much of the technology world is waiting for the
Supreme Court to rule on the legal status of file-swapping technology.
  Federal courts have twice ruled that peer-to-peer software companies
are not legally responsible for the illegal actions of people using
their products. Hollywood studios and record companies appealed those
decisions to the nation's top court, which is expected to rule on the
issue this summer.
  In the meantime, entertainment companies' push for federal legislation
on file-swapping issue has been put temporarily on the back burner. A
controversial bill that would have put more legal responsibility on the
peer-to-peer developers failed to pass at the end of last year's
congressional session.
  California has taken a lead among states in putting pressure on the
file-swapping world. Attorney General Bill Lockyer was a key figure
last year in pushing for more state-level legal scrutiny of the
companies' actions, and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has sought to ban
illegal downloading on any state computers, including those owned by
the state university systems.
Archives at: Weblog at: ------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-19 14:02:11
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on   CA State bill could cripple P2P 
actually, taken at face value, this outlaws all
network protocol stacks I know about, even terminal
emulators with things like x-modem and even file redirection.
it's patently bogus, but it could do an immense amount of mischief
done before it gets undone (assuming it ever gets done).
What i'd like to see is a bill punishing legislators for
introducing unconstitutional bills.  if a bill is declared
unconstitutional, the sponsors of the bill would do prison
time for an assault on the public freedom.
 -mo
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-20 06:02:23
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] The second sincerest form of flattery 
One of my research interests is applying the principles of
"human-scale" security (such as mechanical locks and alarm systems) to
computer science.  Although human-scale systems are almost always
imperfect, their failure mechanisms are often much more gradual and
more predictable than their information systems counterparts, and I
believe that by better understanding why this is we might be able to
build computer systems that behave in similar ways.
Several particularly interesting illustrations of the phenomenon of
gradual and predictable security failure can be found in safes and
vaults.  I'm working on a survey paper, tentatively entitled
"Safecracking for the computer scientist," that I hope will stimulate
other researchers to think along similar lines.  Last month I finished
a first draft and put it on my web site.  (For those who've not seen
it, it's at  )
Although the paper is only of rather narrow interest, a couple of
weeks ago the wildly popular "Slashdot" news site discovered and
linked to the draft; somewhere around 50,000 people downloaded the
(large) pdf file that weekend.
My web server survived Slashdot's attention, but I was somewhat taken
aback by what happened next.
A couple of years ago I wrote a paper about weaknesses in the
keyspaces of master-keyed mechanical locks (it marked the beginning of
my understanding of the similarities between information and physical
security).  Some locksmiths were outraged that I would publish a paper
"revealing" security vulnerabilities in what they believed to be a
closed field.  See  for details,
but to make a long story short, some locksmiths do not approve of
disclosing vulnerabilities in locks to the "general public," on the
grounds that open discussion aids the bad guys more than it helps the
good guys.  (I don't agree -- and the scientific method's requirement
for open scrutiny and debate does not provide an exemption when the
subject involves security -- but that's another story for another
Perhaps predictably, there has been a similar reaction to my recent
draft on safe locks.  Shortly after Slashdot linked to the paper, one
or more locksmithing trade groups discovered it as well .  The
response of some locksmiths to the draft has been at least as negative
as it was to my master keying paper.  I've received quite a bit of
uncomplimentary email from locksmiths, and I'm told that locksmithing
message boards have recently been abuzz with messages about what a
scoundrel I must be to again have written such an "unethical" and
"irresponsible" paper.
Ironically, the theme of my safecracking survey is that while safes
aren't perfect, they largely meet their requirements, and indeed,
computer security would do well to emulate their security principles.
Nothing in my paper (and indeed, no techniques of which I'm aware)
allow one to quickly open decent quality safes.  The paper's
conclusion is that even if one is fluent in the (not very) secrets of
the safecracking trade, the measurable security of even relatively
modest safes allows them to be used quite effectively for their
intended applications (especially as part of larger security system
that complement the safes' limitations).  I certainly don't think it
would have been unethical to have published an analysis that reached a
different conclusion, of course, but my paper as written could hardly
be considered an attack against the safe industry or its products.
As with the reaction to my master keying paper, many of the complaints
I've received are self-contradictory and emotionally charged, often
invoking "homeland security" in unspecified but ominous ways.  I've
developed a thick skin against this sort of thing, and I try not to
take it personally (although it's a bit disturbing to have so many
people so angry with me over my work).  It's rather like being accused
of witchcraft; many of the complainers don't seem to be seeking a
reasoned debate but are instead venting a broder range of unspoken
frustrations that go well beyond either me or my papers.  There is
simply no effective way to debate on these terms against an angry mob.
In any case, some locksmiths are apparently trying to organize a
letter writing campaign aimed at various officials at my university,
and I'm told that my department chair, my dean, the provost, and the
head of campus security have each received (a handful of) letters
complaining about me.  While Penn's support for the basic principles
of academic freedom would protect me even if these officials agreed
that my paper was somehow inappropriate, some of the letter writers
seem to have unwittingly stumbled upon a weapon that could potentially
be very effective (in other contexts) at silencing Internet-based
debate.  They have accused me of copyright infringement.
My paper is heavily illustrated with photographs of safe locks and
their components.  Several letters have (accurately) pointed out that
these photographs are protected by copyright and that by distributing
my paper I'm also distributing copyrighted material.  This, I must
admit, is entirely correct.  But I created every one of the images
myself, in my own studio, and with my own materials, cameras and
computers.  I arranged the subjects, lit them, and photographed them.
The results are copyrighted, to be sure, but I hold the copyrights.
Fortunately, my university is not in the habit of removing the online
papers of its faculty without checking with us first, and my paper has
remained on my web site unmolested by these spurious copyright claims.
But it occurs to me that, given the relevant provisions of the DMCA, a
more timid ISP might have reacted quite differently, choosing instead
to take down the controversial content until I could prove (or at
least assert) that I have the rights to the images in question.  This
could take days or even weeks, depending on the level of proof
demanded.  Such a tactic could be a very effective way to harass or
suppress authors of contraversial material, and, if done with the sort
of vague wording used in the letters about me, would appear to leave
the author with no recourse against anybody.  The letter writers
didn't actually claim copyright, but simply raised the issue. An
ISP (had it over-reacted) could plausibly claim that they were
simply protecting their interests in quickly taking the questionable
material offline.
I suspect that, in my case, the organizers of the letter-writing
campaign were not dishonestly attempting to exploit the DMCA, but
instead genuinely assumed that I had copied my images from some
commercial source.  A friend suggested that I should take this as a
compliment; after all, if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery,
perhaps being accused of copyright infringement is the second
Matt Blaze
19 January 2004
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-01-30 11:40:09
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on Simson Garfinkel analyses Skype - 
I've been following the Simson/Skype thread on IP and I've read the Columbia
analysis of the Skype protocol
s-039-04.pdf) I've known Simson for 14 or so years and have a ton of respect
for his technical skills. However, I think there are some significant Skype
vulnerabilities and associated legal ramifications that Simson did not
discuss in his article.
Security is based on trust of the parties exchanging information that they
are who they claim and that the data exchanged appears to be random to an
untrusted observer. While Skype's use of encryption supports the second part
of the definition, it does not support the first. Because it does not
support the first, it is very easy to use the Skype network to intercept
communications between any user or to pose as any user. This presents a
problem as against both third parties and governmental agencies.
A critical part of the Skype network is the "super-nodes." According to the
Columbia paper, super-nodes perform 3 functions:
* Designating the login authority
* Media packet forwarding
* Routing user search requests
Super-nodes appear to "volunteer" to perform the function. Or put another
way, they are nodes that are not under the control of Skype, but they
perform all the routing functions necessary to discover a user and exchange
information with the user. Super nodes run on any machine running the Skype
program and the machines under Skype control have no way to determine if the
super nodes are running unmodified Skype code.
If one were skilled in reverse engineering x86 code and one were willing to
violate Skype's user agreement, one could create a Skype node that
volunteered to be a super-node. It would appear to all other Skype nodes as
a normal super-node. It would perform all the functions of a Skype
super-node. However, it would do a little bit more. Let's call one of these
super-nodes a "bad seed."
The bad seed could point users to another authentication server. Thus, the
user would exchange username and authentication information with a "bad
relay proxy" rather than the Skype server. That permits the "bad relay
proxy" to deny Skype access to a user that I designate. Okay a denial of
service attack is not great stuff, but for businesses that rely of Skype
-5553053.html ), having the prospect of a DoS attack could be an issue.
Further, the "bad relay proxy" could collect username/password challenge
(I'm assuming that Skype's not sending the actual password, but performing a
challenge/response method of verifying the password) data and do dictionary
attacks on the passwords. This isn't a hardcore vulnerability you say.
Yep... I agree.
The bad seed routes some of the media requests if the two peers cannot see
each other directly. Skype claims that because the packets are encrypted,
the super-nodes are just routing agents. This is true unless the bad seed is
part of the key exchange (see the next paragraph.) If the bad seed is part
of the exchange of private AES keys that are used to encrypt the voice data,
then they are able to decrypt the audio or text streams. Yikes. If a bad
seed was a man in the middle of the private key exchange, then the bad seed
could record your conversation with another user. Okay, that's not good.
Given that any Skype node can become a super-node just by raising its hand
and a skilled hacker can re-engineer a Skype node to perform bad acts, then
if you connect to the Skype network, you don't know which nodes are
listening in on your conversation. But wait, you say, the requirement for
the above bit of scariness is doing a man-in-the-middle attack on the
encryption key exchange. You're right. And here's where the Skype network is
totally insecure.
One function of the super-node in the Skype network is to route and respond
to user search requests. If I want to connect to "other_dude" on the Skype
network, my client sends out search requests to a series of super-nodes. The
super-nodes either respond with the address of "other_dude" or forward the
requests to other super-nodes. If one of the super-nodes is "bad seed", that
node can respond that it is "other_dude." Because there is no cryptographic
trust or any form of trust authority in the Skype network, any super node
that returns the information about "other_dude" is trusted by my node.
An aside... SSL certificates are signed by a trusted third party. That third
party validates that the certificate is held by the organization that claims
to hold the certificate. Using SSL insures that the party that I'm
communicating with is the party that they claim to be within the bounds that
I trust the signer of the SSL certificate *and* that once the connection is
established that no one can understand the data exchanged with this party.
That initial trust of the signed certification is a critical part of the
security of the overall communication. If I do a session key exchange with
an unknown party, the communication is *not* secure. This is the case with
The Skype network relies on trusting the super-node. A bad seed can perform
a man in the middle attack during the session key exchange by posing as the
party being contacted (or forwarding the information of another compromised
node) to a caller. So, my bad seed is able to route call requests to an
untrusted node and do a man-in-the-middle during the key exchange and snoop
into my call. The only question is how many bad seeds to you need in order
to capture a significant percentage of the routing requests that go over the
Skype network. My guess is that the number is in the hundreds. So, with a
hundred machines located around the world, I could intercept any Skype call
and record it. Pretty scary.
The PSTN primarily uses pairs of copper wires to transmit voice
communications from my house to the phone company central office. I can gain
physical access to those copper pairs very easily as long as I have physical
proximity to the location of the person I want to snoop on. It's not hard to
do. Yeah, you have to paint a white van with "Verizon" or "SBC" so the
police don't hassle you. But you can do it.
If the government wants to do it, it's somewhat harder. The government has
to get a warrant to listen to your phone conversations. Once they obtain a
warrant, they present it to the phone company which makes an entry into
their switch to record the call or send a real-time copy of it to the
SIP is different. SIP supports encryption, but most SIP providers do not
make use of it. The Microsoft SIP client libraries have the option of
communicating with the SIP server via TLS (TLS is like SSL, but uses the
same IP port for both encrypted and unencrypted traffic.) Additionally, the
media portion of a SIP call can be encrypted by setting a flag in the media
descriptor. While most SIP providers do not use this functionality, it's
part of the SIP spec and can be turned on. Note that the machines that could
play man-in-the-middle with an encrypted SIP call are controlled by your SIP
provider (rather than any machine running Skype.) Thus, you can trust the
security of your call as much as you trust your SIP provider.
With unencrypted SIP calls, if you are able to intercept packets, then you
can tap the call. Anybody on your LAN can listen into your call. This level
of security is no different than anyone in your house can listen in on your
phone calls and anyone in your office can probably do the same. Anyone who
can intercept the packet stream outside your LAN can also listen in on the
conversation. This is more of a challenge. UDP packets (the stuff that the
media stream goes over) may or may not be routed through the same backbone
during all parts of the conversation. There is a certain amount of security
with the packets going over the backbone. The ability to snoop on an
unencrypted SIP call is marginally more difficult that snooping on a PSTN
For the government, it's more of a challenge. Because the media portion of a
SIP call goes directly between the end points without going through the SIP
providers network. This raises an interesting issues:
 This is interesting for two
reasons. First, SIP "telephone" companies like Vonage will have to provide a
flag to allow them to intercept the media stream and decode it if the
government has a warrant. Second, the government has acknowledged that SIP
callers have the same expectation of privacy that copper-pair PSTN callers
have. This is really important.
Users of peer-to-peer file sharing programs don't have an expectation of
privacy in their use of P2P programs. That's why so many folks are being
259.html?tag=nl ) Skype touts themselves as a P2P voice communications
system ( ) That means that if you
use Skype, you have the same expectation of privacy as a P2P user. Given
that the government has the resources to build bad seeds and that P2P users
have no expectation of privacy, you can bet that there are government run
Skype nodes looking for Skype communications between Osama911 and
Sleeper_in_Seattle and that the government doesn't have a warrant for these
To conclude my long rant, the Skype network is radically insecure because it
relies on untrusted super-nodes to perform trusted functions, most notably
user look-up. It's easy to build a compromised super-node (a bad seed.) With
a limited number of bad seeds, the communications between any users can be
intercepted or denied. It's something that a person with the resources to
rent 100 servers in collocation facilities around the world could do (that's
about $10,000 per month investment.) Given that Skype is a P2P network and
users such networks are not afforded the same expectation of privacy that
users of the PSTN and other telephone networks are afforded, the government
could use such a mechanism to listen to Skype-based calls and have a
reasonable legal argument that they do not need a warrant to do so.
That's my 2 cents.
PS -- I was CTO and VP Engineering for an Internet security company for a
number of years and I'm a member of the Rhode Island bar.
------ End of Forwarded Message
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-07-30 10:05:11
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] editorial comment -- more on middle-aged white females 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-06-11 15:35:48
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] DO READ Can't we just get some answers or facts about this? 
INTEL -- responding to continuedmis information on IP
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.730)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-03-02 07:17:45
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Books -- The New Hows and Whys of Global 
BOOKS OF THE TIMES | 'CHATTER'
The New Hows and Whys of Global Eavesdropping
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Remember chatter? After 9/11, it was all over the news. For
months, snatches of cellphone conversations in Karachi or Tora
Bora routinely made the front page. Television newscasters
could chill the blood instantly by reporting on "increased
levels of chatter" somewhere in the ether. But what exactly
was it? Who was picking it up, and how were they making sense
of it?
Patrick Radden Keefe does his best to answer these questions
and demystify a very mysterious subject in "Chatter," a
beginner's guide to the world of electronic espionage and the
work of the National Security Agency, responsible for
communications security and signals intelligence, or "sigint."
In a series of semiautonomous chapters, he describes Echelon,
the vast electronic intelligence-gathering system operated by
the United States and its English-speaking allies; surveys the
current technology of global eavesdropping; and tries to sort
out the vexed issue of privacy rights versus security demands
in a world at war with terrorism.
Mr. Keefe writes, crisply and entertainingly, as an interested
private citizen rather than an expert. A third-year student at
Yale Law School, he follows in the footsteps of freelance
investigators like James Bamford, who, through sheer
persistence, managed to penetrate at least some of the
multiple layers of secrecy surrounding the National Security
Agency in his book "The Puzzle Palace."
"Chatter" is a much breezier affair, filled with anecdotes,
colorful quotes and arresting statistics. The United States
has fewer than 5,000 spies operating around the world, for
example, but 30,000 eavesdroppers. The National Security
Agency employs more mathematicians than any other organization
in the world, and every three hours its spy satellites gather
enough information to fill the Library of Congress. Menwith
Hill, the American listening station in North Yorkshire,
England, has a staff as large as MI5, Britain's domestic
intelligence service.
Menwith Hill is just one in a network of American-run bases
and overhead satellites that, Mr. Keefe writes, "have wrapped
the earth in a spectral web of electronic surveillance." In
some respects, their task is not that tough. "The air around
us and the sky above us are a riot of signals," Mr. Keefe
writes. "To intercept those signals is as easy as putting a
cup out in the rain." As fiber-optic cables become the main
channel for data transmission, surveillance will become more
difficult, but at the moment the ability to collect electronic
signals is far outstripping the ability to analyze it.
Some messages are chatter. Others are chit-chat. In February
2003, the New York City police went on high alert, sending
special teams into the subways and posting extra police at the
tunnels leading in and out of Manhattan, all because the word
"underground" had been picked up in an intercepted
conversation between terrorists. Nothing happened.
Was the word or the context misinterpreted? Or did the police
presence thwart an attack? It's impossible to know. The
National Security Agency has invested heavily in technology
while cutting back on human analysts and foreign-language
interpreters with the skill to detect shades of nuance in
casual conversations. Should it now reinvest in training
people fluent in Baluchi, the dialect spoken by Mohamed Atta,
the lead hijacker in the 9/11 attacks? By the time their
training is completed, voice-recognition technology may have
turned out to be the smart bet. Sigint is a murky business.
"Chatter" is often quite amusing. Mr. Keefe has great fun with
Total Information Awareness, the ill-fated antiterrorist
program announced by the Pentagon in the late summer of 2003.
By linking private and government databases, Total Awareness
would pick up on every electronic click, ping or chirp created
by private citizens in the course of their daily lives.
The very name, Mr. Keefe, points out, was ominous, Orwellian.
So was the symbol for the Information Awareness Office, a
pyramid with an eye on top surveying planet Earth. "In case
anyone had any doubt about the program's intentions, the Web
site bore the motto scientia est potentia, 'knowledge is
power,' " Mr. Keefe writes. Hastily, the name was changed to
Terrorism Information Awareness, but a suspicious Congress
strangled the program in its cradle.
That sounds like cause for celebration. But, as Mr. Keefe
points out, that program might have noticed when $10,000 was
wired to a Florida SunTrust bank account in the name of
Mohamed Atta on July 19, 2000, or set off alarm bells when a
dozen men, some of them on terrorist watch lists and others
with lapsed visas, bought one-way tickets on flights departing
at about the same time on Sept. 11, 2001.
Mr. Keefe is a privacy agnostic. He does not know quite where
to draw the line between legitimate national security concerns
and the privacy rights of citizens. Somewhat feebly, he calls
for vigorous debate on the issue. By temperament and by
vocation, he loathes the secrecy culture of national spy
agencies, but he has no patience with conspiracy theorists and
idealists, like the German Green Party member who concluded in
a European Union report on Echelon and its dangers that secret
services cannot be controlled, and "must therefore be
Mr. Keefe seems almost as nave, though, when he notes, in
astonishment, that the National Security Agency does not
publish a list of its employees, and that they are not allowed
to write about their work in their diaries. Imagine that.
In the end, Mr. Keefe allows everyone involved in the debate
to have a say. He even gives equal time to a Defense
Department official who tells him, bluntly, "the only people
who think that intelligence wins wars - hot or cold - are
intelligence people." So much for chatter. And you should see
the phone bill.
Dispatches From the Secret World of Global Eavesdropping
By Patrick Radden Keefe
300 pages. Random House. $24.95.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-05-09 19:55:26
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: [IP] Real ID = National ID (fwd from dave@farber.net) 
References: <20050504172158.GA6782
  <792ce437050509122249cbc9f3
States should be free to regulate DRIVERS however they want.  The DL was
not meant to be an ID card, and if it was that intent was
unconstitutional.  The entire DL scheme may be unconstitutional anyway,
but oh well.
What do we need "security" for?  We need security because a lot of
people hate the U.S., and because we won't close our borders, and
because society has become too diverse.  There is a significant
correlation between cultural diversity/proximity and social unrest.
That does not require people of different races; put white klansmen next
to white members of the Black Panthers and you have the same thing.
None of those three core problems will be solved by RealID.  Therefore,
while RealID may make some difference at the margins, it cannot be very

@_date: 2005-05-09 22:24:05
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: [IP] Real ID = National ID (fwd from dave@farber.net) 
References: <20050504172158.GA6782
  <792ce437050509122249cbc9f3
  <20050509195526.GB15693
Apparently I have not learned any lessons from the follies of a certain
California governor.
By close the borders, I mean secure the borders against illegal
immigration.  I have no interest in doing away with immigration.

@_date: 2005-11-02 09:21:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Judge Samuel Alito's police-friendly views of electronic 
surveillance [priv]
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-11-09 11:34:05
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Quarantine station to open at Logan / US acts amid growing 
threat of bioterrorism and infectious diseases
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-11-22 09:28:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] JAMES BAMFORD in Rolling Stone: The Man Who Sold the 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-11-24 12:13:28
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] New US intelligence center to exploit publicly available 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-11-26 20:07:10
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on  New US intelligence center to exploit publicly 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-01 08:46:00
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Wireless access for all? Google plan would offer free Internet 
throughout SF
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-10-01 21:28:29
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Guardian Observer (London) on Google Privacy Issues 
Our internet secrets stored for decades
Privacy groups want the law changed to stop Google using, or
divulging to outside agencies, the vast amount of personal data it
has access to. By Conal Walsh
Sunday October 2, 2005
The Observer
Google took a further step away from its folksy image when it hired
its first professional lobbyist in Washington earlier this year. But
it turned out to be a timely move. The world's biggest search engine
has been under attack on many fronts in 2005 - and its activities
have spawned a cottage industry of Google critics, who complain above
all that the company's dramatic rise to prominence is a threat to our
Much protest focuses on the company's use of 'cookies' - pieces of
programming code - which Google plants on your computer's hard drive
when you use its service.
The cookies enable Google to keep a record of your web-searching
history. They don't expire until 2038, meaning that potentially
sensitive information on your interests and peccadilloes could be
stored for upwards of 30 years. It is sobering to think what
fraudsters, identity thieves, blackmailers or government snoopers
could do with this information if they got access to it.
Privacy groups are up in arms. 'We need to re-evaluate the role of
big search engines, email portals, and all the rest of it,' says
Daniel Brandt, of the website Google Watch.
'They all track everything. Google was the first to do it, arrogantly
and without any apologies; now everyone assumes that if Google does
it, they can do it too.'
Lauren Weinstein, founder of the US-based People for Internet
Responsibility, says out-of-date privacy laws fail to capture the
information-gathering powers of youthful but powerful new media
'The relevant laws are generally so weak - if they exist at all -
that it's difficult to file complaints when you can't find out what
data they're keeping and how they are using it,' says Weinstein.
Google says these fears are unfounded, that it respects privacy and
keeps strictly within relevant privacy laws. Personal data are logged
on computer files but 'no humans' access it, says the company;
safeguards are in place to prevent employees from examining traffic
data without special permission from senior managers. Nor is personal
information shared with outsiders. All Google's records are
impenetrable to hackers.
Besides, say Google devotees, open access and the empowerment of the
individual are central to the whole philosophy of the company; it
would never seek to misuse or betray its users' secrets.
Life, though, can be complicated. In repressive countries such as
China, Google and other portals have little choice but to accommodate
the authorities, which regularly censor the internet and spy on users.
In the US, Google has declined to say how often it responds to
requests for information from America's intelligence and law
enforcement agencies. And there are concerns that what Google is
building with its data-retention operation is a vast marketing
database, which one day could be exploited ruthlessly.
Simmering discontent turned into open confrontation earlier this year
when Google launched Gmail, a free email service designed to compete
with Yahoo and Microsoft's Hotmail.
To ordinary punters, the great advantage of Gmail was the enormous
two gigabytes of storage space it offered, enabling users to keep all
their old messages. But Google planned to make the service pay by
scanning customers' emails for keywords in order to send them
targeted advertisements - a flagrant breach of privacy, according to
The Consumer Federation of America demanded that Google rethink the
scheme, while California politician Liz Figueroa called for changes
in the law to protect users' 'most intimate and private email
thoughts'. The London-based campaigners Privacy International filed
complaints with data protection agencies in several countries,
including Britain.
The UK Information Commissioner took no action after consulting with
Google, but campaigners argue that government bodies operating with a
small staff and obsolete laws are no match for a technology
superpower like Google, which is expanding at an almost exponential
rate and continues to innovate in its use of personal data.
In claims denied by Google, Privacy International's Simon Davies
asserts that there is 'an absence of contractual commitment to the
security of data' and 'fundamental problems in achieving lawful
customer consent'.
For now, campaigners may have to console themselves with a story of
the biter bit. Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, was reportedly
enraged this month when an online newspaper published his address and
other personal details - having found them on Google.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-18 11:07:11
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] reply from Tropos on 1 more on Limits on wireless le 
_______________ Forward Header _______________
Tropos has shipped a couple of hundred of our Tropos 5210 mesh routers into
MS and LA in the days following the storm, and had a few hundred installed
in the stricken area previously.  These are high-power (36 dBm), high rx
sensitivity (-100 dBm), outdoor-constructed 802.11b/g access points with
embedded mesh routers so they can backhaul wirelessly amongst each other to
a source of Internet connectivity. Each has a 1,000 ft plus range to an
outdoor Wi-Fi device, emergency vehicle with external antenna or building
with a window-mounted CPE.  So, a couple of hundred nodes represents 10-15
sq mi or so of contiguous coverage in typical configuration. Every 10 nodes
or so are fed with a Motorola Canopy "WiMAX" link, typically shot from the
roof of an MCI PoP, or from city backhaul locations. These devices, at these
densities, are non line of sight so can be installed by city workers with
bucket trucks on street lamps, with power taken from street-light photo
cells.  They will self-configure, find their backhaul, optimize throughput
and route around problems. They can be battery and solar-powered due to
their low wattage (28 watts or so).
Last I have heard, we were in 25 or so FEMA and Red Cross shelters in NO,
Biloxi, Lamar-Dixon and Baton Rouge. We are around the NO airport and on a
couple of cruise ships off the gulf that are housing FEMA workers.  We had
200 nodes previously installed in high-crime areas of NO doing video
surveillance.  As the power has been restored to the street lights, these
nodes have come back up on their own and are performing their functions
again.  We are now in the process of expanding that network as a "force
multiplier" for the police. Data applications as well as Vonage phones and
Skype are active on the networks.
The CIO of NO is actually in DC today testifying about the benefits of Wi-Fi
Hope that helps.  You can see more on our technology at Ron Sege
President and CEO
Tropos Networks
555 Del Rey Ave
Sunnyvale, CA 94085
408-331-6810 office
650-861-7564 cell
617-407-5000 international cell
408-331-6530 fax
The leading supplier of products for building true metro-scale Wi-Fi mesh
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-22 16:36:43
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on  Colleges protest netwoprk upgrades to allow easier 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-10-28 17:49:06
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on U.S. passports to receive RFID implants starting in 
October 2006 [priv]
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-09-07 09:48:13
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Internet phone wiretapping ("Psst! The FBI is Having Trouble on 
the Line", Aug. 15)
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-09-12 15:50:41
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: No subject 
Begin forwarded message:
Even more important is the eBay "privacy" policy...

@_date: 2005-09-12 15:53:09
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: No subject 
Begin forwarded message:
Well...  Based on eBay's stated "privacy" policy, this will open up pen
tracing to LEOs with just a phone call at the least.
At the worst, Skype users will soon be getting new software that allows
LEOs to backdoor skype crypto and get free access to those phone calls
(also based on eBay's stated "privacy policy"...)

@_date: 2005-09-21 13:52:35
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] OT: Canada: Sweeping new surveillance bill to criminalize 
investigative journalism
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-09-22 08:57:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Request: Check your cell phone to see if it's always 
transmitting your location [priv]
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2005-09-22 09:45:53
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] European Commission: data retention voice: 1 year and Internet 6 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.734)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-04-08 10:37:55
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Details on AT&T Forwards ALL Internet Traffic Into NSA Says EFF 
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Not much has been written about Narus, the company whose software was used.
Their main products identify and block or bill for VoIP phone calls
made through the equipment of traditional telecom providers. They
have customers for this system in the Mideast, Asia, and South
America. We wrote about them last fall.
. They just signed a deal
with Shanghai Telecom Co this week, by the way.
 Steven
   Steven Cherry, +1 212-419-7566
   Senior Associate Editor
   IEEE Spectrum, 3 Park Ave,  New York, NY 10016
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-29 16:44:43
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on  Sounding the alarm on government mandated data 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.749.3)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-02-09 06:43:48
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] US plans massive data sweep 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-10 21:42:30
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Google Copies Your Hard Drive - Government Smiles 
Hash: SHA1
ebruary 09, 2006
Google Copies Your Hard Drive - Government Smiles in Anticipation
Consumers Should Not Use New Google Desktop
San Francisco - Google today announced a new "feature" of its Google
Desktop software that greatly increases the risk to consumer privacy. If
a consumer chooses to use it, the new "Search Across Computers" feature
will store copies of the user's Word documents, PDFs, spreadsheets and
other text-based documents on Google's own servers, to enable searching
from any one of the user's computers. EFF urges consumers not to use
this feature, because it will make their personal data more vulnerable
to subpoenas from the government and possibly private litigants, while
providing a convenient one-stop-shop for hackers who've obtained a
user's Google password.
"Coming on the heels of serious consumer concern about government
snooping into Google's search logs, it's shocking that Google expects
its users to now trust it with the contents of their personal
computers," said EFF Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston. "If you use the
Search Across Computers feature and don't configure Google Desktop very
carefully?and most people won't?Google will have copies of your tax
returns, love letters, business records, financial and medical files,
and whatever other text-based documents the Desktop software can index.
The government could then demand these personal files with only a
subpoena rather than the search warrant it would need to seize the same
things from your home or business, and in many cases you wouldn't even
be notified in time to challenge it. Other litigants?your spouse, your
business partners or rivals, whoever?could also try to cut out the
middleman (you) and subpoena Google for your files."
The privacy problem arises because the Electronic Communication Privacy
Act of 1986, or ECPA, gives only limited privacy protection to emails
and other files that are stored with online service providers?much less
privacy than the legal protections for the same information when it's on
your computer at home. And even that lower level of legal protection
could disappear if Google uses your data for marketing purposes. Google
says it is not yet scanning the files it copies from your hard drive in
order to serve targeted advertising, but it hasn't ruled out the
possibility, and Google's current privacy policy appears to allow it.
"This Google product highlights a key privacy problem in the digital
age," said Cindy Cohn, EFF's Legal Director. "Many Internet innovations
involve storing personal files on a service provider's computer, but
under outdated laws, consumers who want to use these new technologies
have to surrender their privacy rights. If Google wants consumers to
trust it to store copies of personal computer files, emails, search
histories and chat logs, and still 'not be evil,' it should stand with
EFF and demand that Congress update the privacy laws to better reflect
life in the wired world."
For more on Google's data collection:
Kevin Bankston
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston at eff.org
Posted at 11:04 AM
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-10 21:44:03
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] The Son of TIA 
Hash: SHA1
- Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-12 19:31:11
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] cloning of chip The Financial Times: US group implants 
Hash: SHA1
- Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-14 13:36:00
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] E-tracking through your cell phone 
E-tracking through your cell phone
By Declan McCullagh
Story last modified Mon Feb 13 06:24:49 PST 2006
You may already know this, but your cell phone happens to be a miniature
tracking device that can be used to monitor your location from afar.
There are times when knowing your exact location is useful, of
course. It
would be handy for a phone to help you find a gas station in a pinch, or
bleep when you're about to take the wrong highway exit.
But the FBI and the U.S. Department of Justice have seized on the
ability to
locate a cellular customer and are using it to track Americans'
surreptitiously--even when there's no evidence of wrongdoing.
A pair of court decisions in the last few weeks shows that judges are
on whether this is legal. One federal magistrate judge in Wisconsin
on Jan.
17 ruled it was unlawful, but another nine days later in Louisiana
that it was perfectly OK.
This is an unfortunate outcome, not least because it shows that some
are reluctant to hold federal agents and prosecutors to the letter of
It's also unfortunate because it demonstrates that the FBI swore
never to
use a 1994 surveillance law to track cellular phones--but then,
went ahead and did it, anyway.
FBI officials swore never to use a 1994 surveillance law to track
phones but are doing it, anyway.
When lobbying for that law, the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act, then-FBI Director Louis Freeh assured the U.S.
Senate that
location surveillance would never take place unless there was
evidence of
"It does not include any information which might disclose the general
location of a mobile facility or service, beyond that associated with
area code or exchange of the facility or service," Freeh testified .
is no intent whatsoever, with reference to this term, to acquire
that could properly be called 'tracking' information."
So much for promises from politicians.
EPIC_IDOF mailing list
EPIC_IDOF at mailman.epic.org
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-15 14:50:50
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] 325,000 Names on Terrorism List 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-19 15:16:48
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on "if you are not doing anything wrong, why 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-22 05:21:33
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] KBR awarded Homeland Security contract -- detention 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-22 09:22:01
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] DNA may tell police the surname of the criminal 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-24 21:03:48
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] WORTH READING  "Total Information Awareness" - secretly 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-25 12:31:22
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Taking Spying to Higher Level, Agencies Look for More 
The New York Times
February 25, 2006
Taking Spying to Higher Level, Agencies Look for More Ways to Mine Data
By JOHN MARKOFF
PALO ALTO, Calif., Feb. 23 b A small group of National Security Agency
officials slipped into Silicon Valley on one of the agency's periodic
technology shopping expeditions this month.
On the wish list, according to several venture capitalists who met with
the officials, were an array of technologies that underlie the fierce
debate over the Bush administration's anti-terrorist eavesdropping
program: computerized systems that reveal connections between seemingly
innocuous and unrelated pieces of information.
The tools they were looking for are new, but their application would
fall under the well-established practice of data mining: using
mathematical and statistical techniques to scan for hidden relationships
in streams of digital data or large databases.
Supercomputer companies looking for commercial markets have used the
practice for decades. Now intelligence agencies, hardly newcomers to
data mining, are using new technologies to take the practice to another
But by fundamentally changing the nature of surveillance, high-tech data
mining raises privacy concerns that are only beginning to be debated
widely. That is because to find illicit activities it is necessary to
turn loose software sentinels to examine all digital behavior whether it
is innocent or not.
"The theory is that the automated tool that is conducting the search is
not violating the law," said Mark D. Rasch, the former head of
computer-crime investigations for the Justice Department and now the
senior vice president of Solutionary, a computer security company. But
"anytime a tool or a human is looking at the content of your
communication, it invades your privacy."
When asked for comment about the meetings in Silicon Valley, Jane
Hudgins, a National Security Agency spokeswoman, said, "We have no
information to provide."
Data mining is already being used in a diverse array of commercial
applications b whether by credit card companies detecting and stopping
fraud as it happens, or by insurance companies that predict health
risks. As a result, millions of Americans have become enmeshed in a vast
and growing data web that is constantly being examined by a legion of
Internet-era software snoops.
Technology industry executives and government officials said that the
intelligence agency systems take such techniques further, applying
software analysis tools now routinely used by law enforcement agencies
to identify criminal activities and political terrorist organizations
that would otherwise be missed by human eavesdroppers.
One such tool is Analyst's Notebook, a crime investigation "spreadsheet"
and visualization tool developed by i2 Inc., a software firm based in
McLean, Va.
The software, which ranges in price from as little as $3,000 for a
sheriff's department to millions of dollars for a large government
agency like the Federal Bureau of Investigation, allows investigators to
organize and view telephone and financial transaction records. It was
used in 2001 by Joyce Knowlton, an investigator at the Stillwater State
Correctional Facility in Minnesota, to detect a prison drug-smuggling
ring that ultimately implicated 30 offenders who were linked to Supreme
White Power, a gang active in the prison.
Ms. Knowlton began her investigation by importing telephone call records
into her software and was immediately led to a pattern of calls between
prisoners and a recent parolee. She overlaid the calling data with
records of prisoners' financial accounts, and based on patterns that
emerged, she began monitoring phone calls of particular inmates. That
led her to coded messages being exchanged in the calls that revealed
that seemingly innocuous wood blocks were being used to smuggle drugs
into the prison.
"Once we added the money and saw how it was flowing from addresses that
were connected to phone numbers, it created a very clear picture of the
smuggling ring," she said.
Privacy, of course, is hardly an expectation for prisoners. And credit
card customers and insurance policyholders give up a certain amount of
privacy to the issuers and carriers. It is the power of such software
tools applied to broad, covert governmental uses that has led to the
deepening controversy over data mining.
In the wake of 9/11, the potential for mining immense databases of
digital information gave rise to a program called Total Information
Awareness, developed by Adm. John M. Poindexter, the former national
security adviser, while he was a program manager at the Defense Advanced
Research Projects Agency.
Although Congress abruptly canceled the program in October 2003, the
legislation provided a specific exemption for "processing, analysis and
collaboration tools for counterterrorism foreign intelligence."
At the time, Admiral Poindexter, who declined to be interviewed for this
article because he said he had knowledge of current classified
intelligence activities, argued that his program had achieved a tenfold
increase in the speed of the searching databases for foreign threats.
While agreeing that data mining has a tremendous power for fighting a
new kind of warfare, John Arquilla, a professor of defense analysis at
the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, Calif., said that
intelligence agencies had missed an opportunity by misapplying the
"In many respects, we're fighting the last intelligence war," Mr.
Arquilla said. "We have not pursued data mining in the way we should."
Mr. Arquilla, who was a consultant on Admiral Poindexter's Total
Information Awareness project, said that the $40 billion spent each year
by intelligence agencies had failed to exploit the power of data mining
in correlating information readily available from public sources, like
monitoring Internet chat rooms used by Al Qaeda. Instead, he said, the
government has been investing huge sums in surveillance of phone calls
of American citizens.
"Checking every phone call ever made is an example of old think," he said.
He was alluding to databases maintained at an AT&T data center in
Kansas, which now contain electronic records of 1.92 trillion telephone
calls, going back decades. The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a
digital-rights advocacy group, has asserted in a lawsuit that the AT&T
Daytona system, a giant storehouse of calling records and Internet
message routing information, was the foundation of the N.S.A.'s effort
to mine telephone records without a warrant.
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would not comment on the claim, or
generally on matters of national security or customer privacy.
But the mining of the databases in other law enforcement investigations
is well established, with documented results. One application of the
database technology, called Security Call Analysis and Monitoring
Platform, or Scamp, offers access to about nine weeks of calling
information. It currently handles about 70,000 queries a month from
fraud and law enforcement investigators, according to AT&T documents.
A former AT&T official who had detailed knowledge of the call-record
database said the Daytona system takes great care to make certain that
anyone using the database b whether AT&T employee or law enforcement
official with a subpoena b sees only information he or she is authorized
to see, and that an audit trail keeps track of all users. Such
information is frequently used to build models of suspects' social networks.
The official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was
discussing sensitive corporate matters, said every telephone call
generated a record: number called, time of call, duration of call,
billing category and other details. While the database does not contain
such billing data as names, addresses and credit card numbers, those
records are in a linked database that can be tapped by authorized users.
New calls are entered into the database immediately after they end, the
official said, adding, "I would characterize it as near real time."
According to a current AT&T employee, whose identity is being withheld
to avoid jeopardizing his job, the mining of the AT&T databases had a
notable success in helping investigators find the perpetrators of what
was known as the Moldovan porn scam.
In 1997 a shadowy group in Moldova, a former Soviet republic, was
tricking Internet users by enticing them to a pornography Web site that
would download a piece of software that disconnected the computer user
from his local telephone line and redialed a costly 900 number in Moldova.
While another long-distance carrier simply cut off the entire nation of
Moldova from its network, AT&T and the Moldovan authorities were able to
mine the database to track the culprits.
Much of the recent work on data mining has been aimed at even more
sophisticated applications. The National Security Agency has invested
billions in computerized tools for monitoring phone calls around the
world b not only logging them, but also determining content b and more
recently in trying to design digital vacuum cleaners to sweep up
information from the Internet.
Last September, the N.S.A. was granted a patent for a technique that
could be used to determine the physical location of an Internet address
b another potential category of data to be mined. The technique, which
exploits the tiny time delays in the transmission of Internet data,
suggests the agency's interest in sophisticated surveillance tasks like
trying to determine where a message sent from an Internet address in a
cybercafe might have originated.
An earlier N.S.A. patent, in 1999, focused on a software solution for
generating a list of topics from computer-generated text. Such a
capacity hints at the ability to extract the content of telephone
conversations automatically. That might permit the agency to mine
millions of phone conversations and then select a handful for human
As the N.S.A. visit to the Silicon Valley venture capitalists this month
indicates, the actual development of such technologies often comes from
private companies.
In 2003, Virage, a Silicon Valley company, began supplying a voice
transcription product that recognized and logged the text of television
programming for government and commercial customers. Under perfect
conditions, the system could be 95 percent accurate in capturing spoken
text. Such technology has potential applications in monitoring phone
conversations as well.
And several Silicon Valley executives say one side effect of the 2003
decision to cancel the Total Information Awareness project was that it
killed funds for a research project at the Palo Alto Research Center, a
subsidiary of Xerox, exploring technologies that could protect privacy
while permitting data mining.
The aim was to allow an intelligence analyst to conduct extensive data
mining without getting access to identifying information about
individuals. If the results suggested that, for instance, someone might
be a terrorist, the intelligence agency could seek a court warrant
authorizing it to penetrate the privacy technology and identify the
person involved.
With Xerox funds, the Palo Alto researchers are continuing to explore
the technology.
Scott Shane contributed reporting from Washington for this article.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-25 19:40:49
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more  on WORTH READING "Total Information Awareness" 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-28 15:31:33
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Patriot Act E-Mail Searches Apply to Non-Terrorists, 
Going going -- ////
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-05 13:49:20
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] The connection between NSA wiretapping and telephone industry 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-01-14 10:10:41
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on   MS responds --more on Steve Gibson: MS WMF is a 
Backdoor, Not a Coding Mistake
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-01-16 17:28:05
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] our way of life is indeed in trouble: 
Americans Split on Wiretapping Controversy
latest news and polls
(Angus Reid Global Scan) ??? Adults in the United States are divided
over their federal administration???s decision to monitor specific
conversations, according to a poll by Gallup released by CNN and USA
Today. 50 per cent of respondents believe the government was right to
wiretap telephone conversations between U.S. citizens and suspected
terrorists without getting a court order.
On Dec. 19, U.S. president George W. Bush defended a secret domestic
electronic surveillance program that includes the wiretapping of the
telephone calls and e-mails of Americans suspected of having
terrorist ties. The president???s remarks came in response to media
reports that, since 2002, Bush has authorized the National Security
Agency (NSA) to operate this program without any judicial oversight.
Bush said the program is a vital tool in the war on terror and added
that "the fact that we???re discussing this (???) is helping the
enemy." The president also referred to the disclosure of the
program???s existence to the media a "shameful act."
The Patriot Act???passed by Congress and signed into law by Bush in
October 2001???enables the federal government to gather information on
suspected terrorists through court-ordered wiretaps and searches. 63
per cent of respondents believe the Patriot Act should either keep
all of its provisions or go through some minor changes, while 31 per
cent suggest enacting a major overhaul or eliminating the legislation
Polling Data
As you may know, the Bush administration has been wiretapping
telephone conversations between U.S. citizens living in the United
States and suspected terrorists living in other countries without
getting a court order allowing it to do so. Do you think the Bush
administration was right or wrong in wiretapping these conversations
without obtaining a court order?
No opinion
As you may know, shortly after the terrorist attacks on September 11,
2001, a law called the Patriot Act was passed, which makes it easier
for the federal government to get information on suspected terrorists
through court-ordered wiretaps and searches. Based on what you have
heard or read about the Patriot Act, do you think all of its
provisions should be kept, that it needs minor changes, that it needs
major changes, or that it needs to be eliminated completely?
Keep all provisions
Minor changes
Major changes
Eliminated completely
No opinion
Source: Gallup / CNN / USA Today
Methodology: Telephone interviews with 1,003 American adults,
conducted from Jan. 6 to Jan. 8, 2005. Margin of error is 3 per cent.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-17 16:48:24
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Mining for kids: Children can't opt out of Pentagon recruitment 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-01-23 05:44:26
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Logan to start express security program this summer / 
Participants register and pay yearly fee
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-01-23 21:32:52
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] More on Hayden on NSA program 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-24 10:12:55
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] More on Hayden on NSA program 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-31 17:19:38
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] New NSA Spying Map and White Paper] 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-13 18:09:40
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Markle Task Force Report | July 13, 2006 
Markle Task Force on National Security in the Information Age
Releases Third Report
"Mobilizing Information to Prevent Terrorism: Accelerating
Development of a Trusted
Information Sharing Environment"
July 13, 2006
The Markle Foundation Task Force on National Security in the
Information Age today released its third report with recommendations
on how to reconcile national security needs with civil liberties
requirements. The report offers a new "authorized use" standard for
government handling of legally collected information that bases
authorization to view information on how the information is going to
be used, rather than on the nationality of the subject or the
location of collection. The report also proposes a new risk
management approach to sharing classified information that balances
the risk of leaks of classified information with the security risk
that can come from failing to share information with those who need
it to understand the threats to national security. Further, the
report identifies examples of technology that can be used effectively
to provide appropriate oversight and accountability.
For a copy of the report, please visit our website at:  http://
To read the Markle Foundation press release, click here.
Web Policies | Copyright ) 2006 The Markle Foundation
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-14 08:54:48
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Proposed Surveillance Bill Would Sweep NSA Spying Programs 
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
For Immediate Release: Friday, July 14, 2006
Kevin Bankston
   Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   bankston at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x126
Kurt Opsahl
   Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   kurt at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x106
Lee Tien
   Senior Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   tien at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x102
Proposed Surveillance Bill Would Sweep NSA Spying Programs
Under the Rug
Bill Threatens Future of EFF Case and Other Legal
San Francisco - Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen
Specter said today that he has negotiated a proposed bill
with the White House regarding the NSA's illegal spying
program.  While the final bill is not public, a draft of
the bill obtained by the Electronic Frontier Foundation
(EFF) is a sham compromise that would cut off meaningful
legal review -- sweeping current legal challenges out of
the traditional court system and failing to require court
review or congressional oversight of any future
surveillance programs.
"This so-called compromise bill is not a concession from
the White House -- it's a rubber stamp for any future
spying program dreamed up by the executive," said EFF Staff
Attorney Kevin Bankston.  "In essence, this bill threatens
to make court oversight of electronic surveillance
voluntary rather than mandatory."
Although the bill creates a process for the executive
branch to seek court review of its secret surveillance
programs, it doesn't actually require the government to do
so.  The bill would, however, require that any lawsuit
challenging the legality of any classified surveillance
program -- including EFF's class-action suit against AT&T

@_date: 2006-06-01 14:47:00
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] US Attorney General demands ISPs snoop on customers to stop 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.750)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-03-02 11:21:14
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Stanford --Signaling Vulnerabilities in Law-Enforcement Wiretap 
Systems * 4:15PM, Wed Mar 08, 2006 in Gates B01
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.746.2)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-03-03 12:38:44
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Yep, it's the apocalypse: RFIDs are the "mark of the 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-03 15:25:40
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Department of Photo Security--Redux 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-05 16:01:50
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] an Orwellian future 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-06 16:09:30
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] NJ Bill Would Prohibit Anonymous Posts on Forums] 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-07 09:00:50
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Websites blocked by political stripes for Marines 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-10 05:56:13
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] NORAD orders Web deletion of transcript] 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-10 06:02:18
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Justice Dept e-mail on wiretapping program released 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-10 14:12:30
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Bush declares war on freedom of the press 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-10 04:14:16
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] An Open Letter to Google: Concepts for a Google Privacy 
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.749.3)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-05-10 15:04:22
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] President claims supreme power over laws, military -- 750 
'signing statement'
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.749.3)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-05-12 15:19:37
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on  COMMENTS REQUESTED -- Apparent large telco liability 
based on USA Today facts
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.750)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:
I doubt Peter expected us to find a flaw in his actual analysis since
all the loop holes have already been covered and under the most
extreme interpretations one would find it difficult to argue directly
against his reasoning.  If there is a defence possible for the telcos
it might be under yet-another discussion of the presidential
authority (or the limits thereof).  The difference I see in this one
(and I am most definitely not an expert on this) is the monetary
one.  The direct civil cause of action in the statute would seem to
incentive for this one to perhaps be taken further?
It will be interesting to observe, especially given Qwest's refusal
to  comply (apparently without sanction?).  If Qwest had concerns and
voiced them and was not forced to comply it would appear this could
be a difficult one, and not just for the telcos.
Dan Steinberg
SYNTHESIS:Law & Technology
35, du Ravin phone: (613) 794-5356
Chelsea, Quebec
J9B 1N1
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2006-05-15 11:01:48
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] more on Whistleblower outs NSA's secret spy room at AT&T 
[Whistleblower Protection]
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.750)
Reply-To: dave at farber.net
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2007-12-06 03:19:07
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] electronic voting in Japan 
Sent: Thursday, December 06, 2007 1:45 AM
Dave, for IP, if you wish...
There is an article in today's Yomiuri Shimbun (Japanese edition only --
page one, actually) about the possibility of electronic voting in
national elections next year.
(try feeding it to your favorite online translator for a Dadaesque
Electronic voting machines have already been tried here, in a few
prefectural (state/province) elections.  Apparently, all of the major
parties are in agreement on this.
I just got a glance at the print version, which had a picture; they will
be touch panel machines that offer you a simple choice, then I believe
print out a sheet for confirmation and actual submission.  I'm fuzzy on
these details, don't quote me there; the online article doesn't really
The article asserts that vote tabulation time can be dramatically
reduced, which seems unlikely, since the Japanese system is already
amazing efficient: results appear in as little as twenty minutes after
elections, despite being hand-counted.  There is a separate ballot for
each office, so they can be quickly sorted into boxes based on vote,
then the box is counted.  (Don't ask me how they verify validity.)
I asked some students about this, and one pointed me at a paper:
The Security Analysis of e-voting systems in Japan
Hiroki Hisamitsu, Keiji Takeda
Carnegie Mellon CyLab Japan
1-3-3 Higashikawasaki-cho, Chuo-ku, Kobe city, Hyogo prefecture, Japan
hhisamit at andrew.cmu.edu tkeiji at cmu.edu
Abstract To assess trustworthiness of e-voting practices in Japan,
security of e-voting systems and their operational procedures are
examined. Through these analyses we concluded that current e-voting
security is heavily depending on protection by operational process
rather than security feature of the system and it is confirmed that
the systems provide only limited security feature though there is
large room for technical improvement. Typical security issues are lack
of protection mechanism of programs and data on counting machines and
on tabulate machines. This vulnerability enables malicious poll worker
or manufacturer to insert malicious code to generate arbitrary
election result.
both Japanese and English, but the paper is only in Japanese,
                --Rod
P.S. I ran the Yomiuri article through Google's translator.  It has
gotten MUCH better recently (six months ago it was laughable and
unintellible, now it looks like poorly-written English), and offers the
user the original by hovering the mouse over a sentence, and even allows
the user to suggest a better translation.  Nice!
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-12-18 04:57:43
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Surveillance Camera Rights - Glenn Reynolds Op-Ed - Watching 
Sent: Monday, December 17, 2007 8:10 PM
Watching the Watchers: Why Surveillance Is a Two-Way Street
If governments and businesses can keep an eye on us in public spaces, we ought to be able to look back.
By Glenn Harlan Reynolds
Published in the January 2008 issue.
Suddenly, cameras are everywhere. As this month's cover story notes, the recent boom in video monitoringbby both the state and businessesbmeans we're all being watched. It's like something out of George Orwell's 1984. Except that, unlike Orwell's protagonist Winston Smith, we can watch backband plenty of people are doing just that. Which makes a difference.
The widespread installation of recording devices is not all bad: ATM cameras helped prove that Duke students accused of rape couldn't have committed the crime. And we all sympathize with the goals of preventing terrorism and crime, though it is not proven that security cameras accomplish this.
Nonetheless, the trend toward constant surveillance is troubling. And even if the public became concerned enough to pass laws limiting the practice, it's not clear how well those laws would work. Government officials and private companies too often ignore privacy laws. (In a notorious recent case, Hewlett-Packard executives were caught spying on the phone records of reporters covering the company.) Besides, the technology of surveillance is becoming so advancedbbiologists are now attaching tiny cameras to crows' tail feathers to observe the birds' tool use in the wildbthat in reality there's not much we can do to ensure privacy anyway.
Maybe that doesn't matter. Privacy is a recent phenomB-enon. For most of human history, people lived in small tribes or villages where everyone knew everyone else's business. Ubiquitous surveillance may be just a case of the past as prologue.
There's a difference, though. In the old days, ordinary people didn't have much privacy, but neither did big shots. By contrast, today's government officials and big corporations often want to watch us, but they don't want to be watched in return. Shopping malls are full of security cameras, but many have signs at the entrance telling customers that no photography or video recording is allowed. Police cars have dashboard cameras, cities and counties are posting red-light and speed-limit cameras, and it seems that the dream of many government officials is to put every public space under 24-hour video watch. But try shooting photos or video of police or B-other public officials as they go about their business and you might find yourself in wrist restraints.
In recent months such cases have been piling up. Brian Kelly of Carlisle, Pa., was a passenger in his friend's car when the police pulled the vehicle over for speeding. When Kelly began videotaping, he was arrested and charged with violating a state wiretap statute and thrown in jail overnight. Charges were dropped when the district attorney recognized that recording police in public isn't much like wiretapping. In addition, the DA said that the police had no expectation of privacy when they themselves were recording the incident. Michael Gannon, of Nashua, N.H., faced similar charges when he used a front-door security camera to record what he considered to be overly aggressive behavior by a detective. The charges against Gannon were dropped. That's the eventual outcome in most such cases, though sometimes photographs and video are lost in the process.
Of course, it's understandable that police might be skittish. Ever since the Rodney King case, police have known that video imagesbwhether recorded by citizens or by the authorities themselvesbcan provoke controversy. With video technology spreading so rapidly, such images are coming to light more often. In October 2007, an elite unit of the Chicago Police Department was disbanded after video emerged of its members shaking down barroom customers. A policeman in Puerto Rico is under FBI investigation because videobuploaded to YouTubebapparently shows him executing an unarmed man. And a Baltimore woman recently won a $180,000 false arrest and imprisonment lawsuit based on police videotape evidence that confirmed a different but similarly dressed woman was the one buying drugs.
Supporters of widespread surveillance often argue, "If you're obeying the law, you have nothing to fear." Why shouldn't the same go for police officers? The cases above all involve accusations of extreme misconduct or errors on the part of police. Let's hope those are rare. Far more common, I suspect, are cases where the existence of a video record helps protect honest cops from false charges. The "don't Tase me, bro" case became a YouTube sensation after footage emerged of University of Florida police using a Taser on an obstreperous student. But ultimately that same footage was instrumental in clearing the officers of charges of wrongdoing.
Under the law, citizens have no right not to be photographed in public places. So why should people who make their living on the taxpayers' dime enjoy greater freedom from public scrutiny than the taxpayers themselves? Civil liberties groups have begun supporting the trend toward a video-enabled populace. The Eastern Missouri chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union sends out volunteers with cameras, though they have faced police hostility at times.
Over the long haul, such efforts may be superfluous. The widespread availability of digital cameras and video-capable cellphones means that ubiquitous surveillance on the part of the little guys is moving, if anything, even faster than ubiquitous surveillance on the part of the big boys. And distribution tools like YouTube make it easier to get the footage to a large audience.
I think that's a good thing. Today's pervasive surveillance may seem like something out of 1984, but access to technology has become a lot more democratic since Orwell's time. Big Brother had a network of security cameras, but could that oppressive regime have survived a network of cellphones?
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-01-13 20:01:04
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Military Expands Intelligence Role in U.S. - New York Times 
[1]
   203bd3d1f0cd9644&hp=&ex=1168750800&partner=homepage&pagewanted=print
   January 14, 2007
   Military Expands Intelligence Role in U.S.
   By [2]ERIC LICHTBLAU and [3]MARK MAZZETTI
   WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 The Pentagon has been using a little-known power
   to obtain banking and credit records of hundreds of Americans and
   others suspected of terrorism or espionage inside the United States,
   part of an aggressive expansion by the military into domestic
   intelligence gathering.
   The [4]C.I.A. has also been issuing what are known as national
   security letters to gain access to financial records from American
   companies, though it has done so only rarely, intelligence officials
   say.
   Banks, credit card companies and other financial institutions
   receiving the letters usually have turned over documents voluntarily,
   allowing investigators to examine the financial assets and
   transactions of American military personnel and civilians, officials
   say.
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
   You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
   To manage your subscription, go to
   [5]
   Archives at:
   [6]Archives | [7]Modify Your Subscription | [8]Unsubscribe [9]Listbox
   Email Marketing
   Visible links
   1.
   2.
   3.
   4.
   5.    6.    7.    8.    9.    Hidden links:
  10.  ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-06-12 13:22:03
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Google reduces search log retention to 18 months 
Posted by Peter Fleischer, Global Privacy Counsel
Over the years webve taken many steps to protect our users' data and  privacy. For example, we have resisted overly-broad government  subpoenas; we've designed our services to give users a choice between  personalized services and general services; and we've engineered our  services to allow users to see and control how much data they wish to  share with us. Recently, we took another important step to improve  our privacy practices by announcing a new policy to anonymize our  server logs after 18 to 24 months, becoming the first leading search  company to publish a data retention policy. We also posted here to  explain the factors that guided our decision to retain server log  data for 18 to 24 months.
The Article 29 Working Party, an advisory panel composed of  representatives from all of the E.U.'s national data protection  authorities, has sent us a letter in response to our commitment to  anonymize server logs. In it, they're asking us to provide further  information about our new policy, and to explain why we feel that the  time period of 18 to 24 months is bproportionateb under European data  protection principles. For some time, we've discussed many things  with the Working Party, ranging from issues raised by Google products  like Gmail and Google Desktop to industry-wide concerns, such as the  challenges of protecting privacy in the Web 2.0 era. Webre pleased  that this most recent letter from the Working Party acknowledges our  ongoing engagement with the data protection community and, in  particular, our "readiness to consult with it [the Working Party] in  contrast with a relative lack of engagement by some of the other  leading players in the search engine communityb.
In the spirit of transparency, we're publishing our response to the  Working Party's letter. The Internet is a global medium, and the  principles at stake -- privacy, security, innovation and legal  obligations to retain data -- have an impact beyond Europe, and  outside of the realm of privacy. These principles sometimes conflict:  while shorter retention periods are good for privacy, longer  retention periods are needed for security, innovation and compliance  reasons. We believe webve struck a reasonable balance between these  various factors. Our policies are consistent with EU data protection  laws, which acknowledge the need to set data retention periods that  are proportionate and that enable companies like Google to comply  with legal requirements.
We have a legitimate interest in retaining search server logs for a  number of reasons:
    * to improve our search algorithms for the benefit of users
    * to defend our systems from malicious access and exploitation      * to maintain the integrity of our systems by fighting click  fraud and web spam
    * to protect our users from threats like spam and phishing
    * to respond to valid legal orders from law enforcement as they  investigate and prosecute serious crimes like child exploitation; and
    * to comply with data retention legal obligations.
After considering the Working Party's concerns, we are announcing a  new policy: to anonymize our search server logs after 18 months,  rather than the previously-established period of 18 to 24 months. We  believe that we can still address our legitimate interests in  security, innovation and anti-fraud efforts with this shorter period.  However, we must point out that future data retention laws may  obligate us to raise the retention period to 24 months. We also  firmly reject any suggestions that we could meet our legitimate  interests in security, innovation and anti-fraud efforts with any  retention period shorter than 18 months. We are considering the  Working Party's concerns regarding cookie expiration periods, and we  are exploring ways to redesign cookies and to reduce their expiration  without artificially forcing users to re-enter basic preferences such  as language preference. We plan to make an announcement about privacy  improvements for our cookies in the coming months.
As we build new products and services, we look forward to continuing  our discussion with the Article 29 Working Party and with privacy  stakeholders around the world. Our common goal is to improve privacy  protections for our users.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-06-18 17:33:04
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] EFF: Court Protects Email from Secret Government Searches  
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
For Immediate Release: Monday, June 18, 2007
Kevin Bankston
   Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   bankston at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x126
Court Protects Email from Secret Government Searches
Landmark Ruling Gives Email Same Constitutional Protections
as Phone Calls
San Francisco - The government must have a search warrant
before it can secretly seize and search emails stored by
email service providers, according to a landmark ruling
Monday in the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  The court
found that email users have the same reasonable expectation
of privacy in their stored email as they do in their
telephone calls -- the first circuit court ever to make
that finding.
Over the last 20 years, the government has routinely used
the federal Stored Communications Act (SCA) to secretly
obtain stored email from email service providers without a
warrant.  But today's ruling -- closely following the
reasoning in an amicus brief filed the by the Electronic
Frontier Foundation (EFF) and other civil liberties groups

@_date: 2007-11-23 15:27:03
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Re:   Good comments on (djf)  fingerprinting in Japan  
Begin forwarded message:
   From: Jonathan Weinberg <[1]weinberg at msen.com>
   Date: November 23, 2007 1:50:59 PM EST
   To: David Farber <[2]dave at farber.net>
   Subject: Re: [IP] Re:   fingerprinting in Japan    Joi's absolutely right (as were other folks who wrote to me off-list)
   that the US does requires photography and fingerprinting from folks
   *applying* for immigrant visas and green cards -- so it would be wrong
   to say that the US program is much  less privacy-intrusive than
   Japan's just by virtue of not requiring "every time" fingerprinting
   for green card holders.  (Joi's also right that the US program is
   broader than Japan's in that DHS makes even folks just passing through
   as transit visitors satisfy full visa and fingerprinting requirements,
   and in his broader point that US citizens complaining about Japan's
   program are finding a mote in another's eye while ignoring the beam in
   their own.)
   There's still something interesting going on here, though,
   regarding "every time" fingerprinting for green card holders.  Japan
   has instituted "every time" fingerprinting for permanent residents
   *even though* permanent residents in Japan have already been
   fingerprinted and photographed for their alien registration cards.
   That approach is consistent with a key professed reason for the US
   fingerprinting requirement, which is to ensure that the
   person presenting herself at the border is the same person to whom the
   travel documents were issued.  If the US DHS really, really took
   seriously its desire to make sure that people weren't entering the US
   with forged or stolen green cards, it would require "every
   time" fingerprinting of permanent residents just as Japan seems to
   be doing.  But it's apparently decided that it doesn't want to deal
   with the political fallout of such a move; in terms of their ability
   to push back politically, folks entering the US on temporary visas
   or through the Visa Waiver Program are an easier target.
   Jon
   Jonathan Weinberg
   Professor of Law, Wayne State University
   [3]weinberg at wayne.edu
   From: Joichi Ito <[4]jito at neoteny.com>
   Date: November 22, 2007 4:26:14 PM EST
   To: [5]dave at farber.net
   Cc: [6]ip at v2.listbox.com
   Subject: Re: [IP] Re:   fingerprinting in Japan
   The US requires fingerprints for many kinds of visas including some
   benefits for permanent residents. Also, I think they require a
   photograph showing your earlobe as another biometric. It's on your
   card. It is slightly different from requiring a finger print every
   time you enter the country, but it's not really true that
   "fingerprinting requirements don't apply to permanent residents."
   See: [7]
   c89243c6a7543f6d1a/?vgnextoid=b6629c7755cb9010VgnVCM10000045f3d6a1RCRD
   &vgnextchannel=b6629c7755cb9010VgnVCM10000045f3d6a1RCRD
   Also, as far as I know, the Japanese are not fingerprinting transit
   passengers. My understanding is that even if you are just connecting
   via a US city, you still have to fill out the forms and get scanning.
   Basically I think that expecting us to go through US fingerprinting to
   visit the US, then deciding not to go to Japan because of
   fingerprinting is slightly hypocritical unless you have been vocally
   opposed to the fingerprinting in the US.
   Anyway, maybe this is a good opportunity for American who travel to
   Japan to take a good look at what the US does to its visitors and be
   reflective. I think a lot of Japanese government behavior just tracks
   what the US does and often is "encouraged" by the US. See crypto
   exports, the new Japanese corporate law or "JSOX" and copyright terms
   for other examples.
   - Joi
     _________________________________________________________________
   [8]Archives [9][feed-icon-10x10.jpg] [10]Powered by Listbox    1. mailto:weinberg at msen.com
   2. mailto:dave at farber.net
   3. mailto:weinberg at wayne.edu
   4. mailto:jito at neoteny.com
   5. mailto:dave at farber.net
   6. mailto:ip at v2.listbox.com
   7.    8.    9.   10.

@_date: 2007-11-26 17:15:56
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] France Announces Massive Internet Surveillance by ISPs 
Sent: Monday, November 26, 2007 4:15 PM
           France Announces Massive Internet Surveillance by ISPs
               Greetings.  In a breathtaking act of arrogance reminiscent of the
heyday of Louis XVI (and likely to trigger similar public reactions
among many Internet users, though perhaps unfortunately absent the
"equalizing" influence of la guillotine), the French government and
its overseers (the entertainment industry), along with a cowering
collection of gutless ISPs, have announced an agreement for ISPs to
become the Internet Police Force in France.
Under the agreement (see below for links) ISPs will monitor users
for presumed illegal activities (read that as "file sharing") and
send reports on the accused to what amounts to an anti-piracy board.
This board could then mete out punishments as it sees fit, including
(attempted) banishment from the Internet (via what amounts to a
national blacklist).
To streamline the process, the entire procedure, as I understand it
right now, would operate -- at least initially -- on an
extrajudicial basis, without the messy intervention of courts,
judges, trials, or other post-Magna Carta niceties that might help
to assure that only the truly guilty are punished.
Proponents are arguing that this approach will avoid overly severe
judicial judgments, but in reality it's clearly an attempt to avoid
fixing broken laws, while kowtowing to entertainment industry
The utter idiocy and recklessness of this approach is pretty much
beyond description.  It is ripe for privacy abuses on a grand scale,
mistaken identities, false "convictions," and a long list of other
associated problems.
On the positive side though, the plan is likely to speed widespread
adoption of encryption, as even routine Internet communications move
to secure and in some cases cloaked channels to avoid these kinds of
repressive enforcement regimes.
It's one thing to use the conventional legal system to enforce
legitimate intellectual property rights, but it's something wholly
different to deputize ISPs into Network Monitors, feeding data to
what apparently could easily become a Star Chamber operating outside
the normal bounds of the conventional legal system.
More details from:
BBC: Le Monde (French):
   (Google translation): "Liberty, equality, fraternity"?
Lauren Weinstein
lauren at vortex.com or lauren at pfir.org
Tel: +1 (818) 225-2800
Co-Founder, PFIR
   - People For Internet Responsibility - Co-Founder, NNSquad
   - Network Neutrality Squad - Founder, PRIVACY Forum - Member, ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy
Lauren's Blog: Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-10-10 13:00:24
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Clock to tick down U.S. privacy 
A "Surveillance Society Clock" created by the American Civil  Liberties Union
will symbolize the encroachment of government spying on private  citizens as
part of the war against terrorism - and the ticktock is fast approaching
"The extinction of privacy is a real possibility," said Barry  director of the ACLU's Technology and Liberty Project. "We believe that
privacy is not yet dead - it is a patient on life support."
The online clock is patterned after the "Doomsday Clock," created by the
Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists in 1947 to warn against a nuclear
holocaust. Midnight symbolized a total "1984"-style "surveillance  "Every generation deserves its own clock," Mr. Steinhardt said in a
teleconference yesterday announcing the project and a new report on mass
surveillance by the government.
He said that an explosive increase in new technology and data mining is
fueling the trend and creating a false sense of security - from  to national-identity systems, the National Security Agency's warrantless
surveillance program, DNA data-banking and Web search engines that store
every query, even satellites.
"The false security of a surveillance society threatens to turn our  into a place where individuals are constantly susceptible to being  by data errors or misinterpretations, illegal use of information by  government workers, abuses by political leaders - or perhaps most
insidiously, expanded legal uses of information for all kinds of new
purposes," the report says.
"We are far too close to the midnight of a genuine surveillance  society, and
the second hand has not stopped sweeping around the dial," the report  The "surveillance" clock, a digital display viewable from the ACLU's Web
site, is now set at six minutes before midnight. The ACLU says it  will be
updated as events warrant moving the time closer or further away from a
"surveillance society."
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-09-22 13:04:29
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Collecting of Details on Travelers Documented - 
[1]
   007092102347.html?hpid=topnews
   Collecting of Details on Travelers Documented
   U.S. Effort More Extensive Than Previously Known
   By [2]Ellen Nakashima
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   Saturday, September 22, 2007; Page A01
   The U.S. government is collecting electronic records on the travel
   habits of millions of Americans who fly, drive or take cruises abroad,
   retaining data on the persons with whom they travel or plan to stay,
   the personal items they carry during their journeys, and even the
   books that travelers have carried, according to documents obtained by
   a group of civil liberties advocates and statements by government
   officials.
   The personal travel records are meant to be stored for as long as 15
   years, as part of the [3]Department of Homeland Security's effort to
   assess the security threat posed by all travelers entering the
   country. Officials say the records, which are analyzed by the
   department's Automated Targeting System, help border officials
   distinguish potential terrorists from innocent people entering the
   country.
     _________________________________________________________________
   [4]Archives [5][feed-icon-10x10.jpg] [6]Powered by Listbox    1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.

@_date: 2008-02-05 10:59:36
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] FBI Preps Award for Biometric Database - New York Times 
[1]The New York Times    _________________________________________________________________
   February 5, 2008
                    FBI Preps Award for Biometric Database
   By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
   Filed at 10:37 a.m. ET
   WASHINGTON (AP) -- Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and [2]IBM are
   vying for a multibillion-dollar contract to build a database for
   fingerprints and other biometric information that the FBI is set to
   award this week.
   [3]Lockheed Martin Corp. built and maintains the FBI's current
   10-fingerprint database and some analysts consider the nation's
   largest defense contractor the favorite to win the Next Generation
   Identification system contract mainly due to its incumbent status.
   But because the new system is expected to include other identifiers,
   including palm prints, iris scans and facial recognition, the teams
   led by [4]Northrop Grumman Corp. and [5]International Business
   Machines Corp. remain strong contenders, said Stanford Group Co.
   analyst Jeremy Grant. Northrop's team includes [6]BearingPoint Inc.,
   [7]General Dynamics Corp. and [8]Raytheon Co.
   An FBI spokesman on Tuesday said the contract is expected to be
   awarded this week but would not disclose its financial or other terms.
   The deal is viewed as a major upgrade to the FBI's Integrated
   Automated Fingerprint Identification System and should help the agency
   more easily share data supporting anti-terrorism efforts with domestic
   government offices and international partners. It will include data on
   known criminals and terrorists, as well as information on foreign
   visitors to the U.S. whose fingerprints and digital photographs were
   collected under a separate [9]Department of Homeland Security program
   that monitors people entering the U.S. via air, land and sea.
   Privacy advocates, however, say Congress must ensure that the FBI
   system will not infringe on citizens' rights before the government
   spends more than a billion dollars on it.
   ''This system is not ready for prime time,'' said Marc Rotenberg,
   executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
   ''Congress must ask tough questions about the impact on the privacy
   rights of Americans.''
   [10]Home
     * [11]World
     * [12]U.S.
     * [13]N.Y. / Region
     * [14]Business
     * [15]Technology
     * [16]Science
     * [17]Health
     * [18]Sports
     * [19]Opinion
     * [20]Arts
     * [21]Style
     * [22]Travel
     * [23]Jobs
     * [24]Real Estate
     * [25]Automobiles
     * [26]Back to Top
   [27]Copyright 2008 The Associated Press
     * [28]Privacy Policy
     * [29]Search
     * [30]Corrections
     * [31]RSS
     * [32]First Look
     * [33]Help
     * [34]Contact Us
     * [35]Work for Us
     * [36]Site Map
   [&t=&s=0&ui=0&r=http%3a%2f%2fwww%2enytimes%2ecom%2fapo
   nline%2ftechnology%2fAP%2dFBI%2dBiomterics%2dContract%2ehtml&u=www
   %2enytimes%2ecom%2faponline%2ftechnology%2fAP%2dFBI%2dBiomterics%2dCon
   tract%2ehtml%3fpagewanted%3dprint]
     _________________________________________________________________
   [37]Archives [38][feed-icon-10x10.jpg] [39]Powered by Listbox    1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26. file://localhost/tmp/mutt.html
  27.   28.   29.   30.   31.   32.   33.   34.   35.   36.   37.   38.   39.

@_date: 2008-02-07 04:36:21
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] New travel document requirements for USA citizens 
Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2008 6:55 AM
For IP... pls snip my name.
As a USG employee, I can give a little background on the passport issue.
The price primarily changed because Congress freaked when they found
that processing offices (in the U.S., usually the Post Office) charged
a little more than it cost to process the passports.  So State reduced
that fee, but increased the security fee.  The security involves all
those things that you didn't mention -- the huge amounts of data
crunching that makes sure that you're really an American, not a
terrorist, not selling your passport, and not owing child support,
among other things.  The biggest benefit of that is that it's only a
little bit more, but it's a nice round number.  And, truly... you're
traveling abroad.  You're probably buying a plane ticket.  You really
can't afford $10 per year? ($100 for a 10-year passport.)
The Passport Card goes under less scrutiny -- hence the lesser charge

@_date: 2008-02-07 22:45:12
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Spies' Battleground Turns Virtual 
Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2008 11:46 PM
"Over the last few years, "virtual worlds" such as Second Life and other role-playing games have become home to millions of computer-generated personas known as avatars. By directing their avatars, people can take on alternate personalities, socialize, explore and earn and spend money uncharted online landscapes."
"Intelligence officials who have examined these systems say they're convinced that the qualities that many computer users find so attractive about virtual worlds -- including anonymity, global access and the expanded ability to make financial transfers outside normal channels -- have turned them into seedbeds for transnational threats."
More new features than ever. Check out the new AOL Mail!
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-02-07 22:54:58
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] U.S. Agents Seize Travelers' Devices 
Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2008 1:46 PM
Dear Prof Dave,
Happen to read this link from slashdot, this is a disturbing news, a
direct assault on privacy...shocking that this could be real.
Clarity Sought on Electronics Searches
U.S. Agents Seize Travelers' Devices
By Ellen Nakashima
Washington Post Staff Writer
Thursday, February 7, 2008; Page A01
Nabila Mango, a therapist and a U.S. citizen who has lived in the
country since 1965, had just flown in from Jordan last December when,
she said, she was detained at customs and her cellphone was taken from
her purse. Her daughter, waiting outside San Francisco International
Airport, tried repeatedly to call her during the hour and a half she
was questioned. But after her phone was returned, Mango saw that
records of her daughter's calls had been erased.
A few months earlier in the same airport, a tech engineer returning
from a business trip to London objected when a federal agent asked him
to type his password into his laptop computer. "This laptop doesn't
belong to me," he remembers protesting. "It belongs to my company."
Eventually, he agreed to log on and stood by as the officer copied the
Web sites he had visited, said the engineer, a U.S. citizen who spoke
on the condition of anonymity for fear of calling attention to
Maria Udy, a marketing executive with a global travel management firm
in Bethesda, said her company laptop was seized by a federal agent as
she was flying from Dulles International Airport to London in December
2006. Udy, a British citizen, said the agent told her he had "a
security concern" with her. "I was basically given the option of
handing over my laptop or not getting on that flight," she said.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-02-12 04:50:54
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Travelers to Europe May Face Fingerprinting 
Sent: Tuesday, February 12, 2008 5:26 AM
Coincidentally ? the EU is also clamping down on flights from the US.
(with thanks to HJ Affleck who posted this Washington Post piece to
the FIPR list this morning.)
If US citizens do not have to provide fingerprint data when they ask
for a passport to travel out of the US then should the US government
want this data on their citizens I suppose they can always ask the
Europeans, Japanese, Brazilians .....
Washington Post
Travelers to Europe May Face Fingerprinting
By Ellen Nakashima and John Ward Anderson
Washington Post Staff Writers
Tuesday, February 12, 2008; Page A01
The European Commission will propose tomorrow that all foreign travelers
entering and leaving Europe, including U.S. citizens, should be
fingerprinted. If approved by the European Parliament, the measure would
mean that precisely identifying information on tens of millions of
will be added in coming years to databases that could be shared by
governments around the world.
The United States already requires that foreigners be fingerprinted and
photographed before they enter the country. So does Japan. Now top
security officials want to follow suit, with travelers being
and some also having their facial images stored in a Europe-wide
according to a copy of the proposal obtained by The Washington Post.
The plan is part of a vast and growing trend on both sides of the
to collect and share data electronically to identify and track people in
the name of national security and immigration control. U.S. government
computers now have access to data on financial transactions; air travel
details such as name, itinerary and credit card numbers; and the names
those sending and receiving express-mail packages -- even a
description of
the contents...
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-02-22 04:51:00
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] been there --  Cold Boot Attacks on Disk Encryption -- report 
Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 7:51 PM
I want to point out that this class of attacks (generically known as bFreon attacksb) have been known for some time, although the Princeton team has done great work in making the attack more practical. BitLocker offers operating modes that mitigate the risk of these attacks; for more details, check out the Microsoft Data Encryption Toolkit for Mobile PCs at . It details the various BitLocker operating modes and the specific threats that they do, and do not, protect against.
Disclaimer: I was the lead author for the Data Encryption Toolkit documents.
Begin forwarded message:

@_date: 2008-01-15 17:28:52
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] US fraction of world's traffic 
Sent: Tuesday, January 15, 2008 11:56 AM
I would think that the more interesting question is not the official
one, but the correct one.  To the extent that NSA uses this as a tool
for claiming that monitoring calls from country A to country B is
legitimate, the "correct" answer matters more.  There seems to be some
dim, secret ruling (perhaps in FISA) that says that it is legal to
intercept bits that pass through the US.
If I were the NSA, and I claim (without being able to prove the
negative) that I'm not, I would pursue the following strategy:
    1. find a way to tamper with foreign switches to route
communications through the US based facilities.  Easy - just send the
right routing-table updates - whether IP or SS7, this is pretty easy.
    2. install deep packet inspection equipment.  This is becoming COTS,
with sales to ISPs starting to drive costs down ane performance up.
    3. select and record into a high-performance RAID cluster.  COTS.
Same techniques work remarkably well for tapping and recording
competitor and economic target traffic.
Interesting thought.   To tap US-US communications, why not just route
the traffic out through Gitmo and back?   There also seems to be dim
secret rulings that allow spying on traffic that goes across the
border.   Supposedly the legal framework is about calls that "terminate"
outside the US.   But I'm sure that "terminate" can be carefully
redefined by good legal scholarship and a few pet lawyers in DoJ and DoD
to include something like storing on disk for one disk rotation (17
msec) and then resending it.
All hypothetically, of course.  :-)
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-17 05:09:10
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Re:  Automatic License Plate Recognition in BC 
Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 12:06 AM
I work as a volunteer policeman in Lincoln, CA. The word is we will
soon purchase a license plate reading system. The police in the
adjoining town already have two cars with devices on the roof of their
cars equipped to read license plates on cars moving in both
directions. Determining if the plate is not registered [usually means
the owner hasn't paid the license fee] or if it is listed as stolen,
is done by computer and is almost instantaneous. The system certainly
could be used in finding people suspected of crimes or for whom a
warrant has been sworn for their arrest. Whether thIs this an invasion
of privacy or an "illegal search" is beyond my scope. That won't stop
it from happening.
I think what I most dislike is not that the government is routinely
doing this and a LOT more at the federal level, but the fact that our
government [Congress to be exact] doesn't have the balls to declare
war. Of course we have a lot of people who think you can't declare war
on a "religion". We are effectively declaring war on an evil belief
system that honestly believes you have the right to kill hundreds of
people based on their not accepting your belief system. That is sort
of what war is all about and why it shouldn't be declared solely by
the executive branch without the consent, make that a legal
declaration, by Congress as I believe is required by the Constitution.
I'd have a hard time these days taking the oath of enlistment I swore
through my 20 years of service in the USAF, since we swore to protect
the Constitution, not the executive branch. Anyway, if a war is won,
the belief is that your rights under the Constitution are restored. I
think that too is a thing of the past.
I'm almost 70 and have more or less, mostly more, given up on the
belief that the country of my youth, exists in any meaningful sense
anymore. The sexual mores have certainly changed in ways I was so sure
was good when I was young and horny. When I hear of the lyrics  of the
songs sung by hip-hop jive ass scum or read of the escapades of the
likes of some of the current "stars", I am fairly sure we would be
better of with some restrictions on "free" speech, except in the
political arena. As for current societal behavior, there doesn't seem
to be any sense that the "stars" are acting improperly, just prurient
interest by the public in their unseemly behavior.
The public seems to have no sense that "rights" require
responsibility. Technology has changed a lot and from my point of view
more access to information is always a plus. That assumes the
information is used to help you make an informed decision. The current
administration has made a joke of the FOIA and almost any "right" to
federal documents or decisions. Thanks to the acts of terrorists, most
people correctly think it is the job of the government to protect us
from terrorists. I think they are right but think from a
Constitutional point of view this means we need to declare war. It
sure isn't like WW2 or Korea when the enemy was clearly defined and
the average American was totally willing to make the sacrifices
required to defeat the enemy. Well, maybe we better leave out Korea
and certainly every other "war" we have been involved in since then.
I guess in the end people will pay a price for giving up their
liberties short of having declared a war at which point you basically
have almost no rights. In the meanwhile because of the not unjustified
fear of terrorists, we have made mince meat of almost all our "rights"
and that is probably the sole reason we haven't had another attack
within the continental USA. Re our rights under the Constitution, I
wouldn't expect them back anytime soon, regardless of what we elect.
Thomas Roach
thomasbroach at mac.com
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-21 04:48:20
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Re:   Another way of making money using the net?  
Sent: Monday, January 21, 2008 7:40 AM
Dave, for IP:
Because Congress is currently debating retroactive telco immunity
for warrantless wiretapping, in which AT&T passed a full feed of everything
to the feds, and meanwhile AT&T is simultaneously proposing to filter
all traffic for copyright violations?
This would be the same administration that is proposing to get Congress
to pardon itself for war crimes:
 The same one that is still trying to lie us into a war in Iran.
This administration should bear the burden of proof that it is not lying.
Please point at any department or agency of the U.S. government
that is not completely controlled by political appointees of the
current administration, well beyond the political control exerted
by previous administrations.
Would that hardening SCADA would be the result.
The more likely result, unfortunately, would be legalization of
filtering of everything that goes over the Internet, looking for
bad guys about as effectively as airport security, and with
even more dampening effect on free speech and innovation.
People should be watching what goes into any FISA bill very closely.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-29 06:44:29
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Leaked UK government doc on ID card coercion plans 
Sent: Tuesday, January 29, 2008 9:43 AM
For IP, if you wish:
This claims to be an annotated leaked document outlining the marketing
methods to be used (which are used?) by the British government to
"coerce" the public into accepting national ID cards.
I have no idea if it's real, but it's interesting reading regardless.
                                - Adam
** Expert Technical Project and Business Management
**** System Performance Analysis and Architecture
****** [  ]
[  ] ................ Latest Venture
[  ] ............ Blog
[  ].. Experience
[  ] ... Photos
[  ].............Wiki
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-29 07:28:42
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] Technical risks of the Protect America Act 
Sent: Tuesday, January 29, 2008 10:20 AM
IP readers may be interested in a technical analysis of the
risks of the surveillance infrastructure envisioned by the
US Protect America Act, written by Steve Bellovin, Whit Diffie,
Susan Landau, Peter Neumann and me, to appear in the
Jan/Feb 2008 IEEE Security and privacy.   A PDF preprint
can be found at:
   My take is blogged at
   Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-31 11:17:45
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: [IP] US drafting plan to allow government access to any email or Web 
Sent: Thursday, January 31, 2008 11:17 AM
Dave, for IP:
The New Yorker article is available in HTML now:
 Bruce Schneier has nailed the "security vs. privacy" canard that
McConnell promotes:
 "The debate isn't security versus privacy. It's liberty versus control."
 And while people may think that AT&T should worry about losing liability
protection if it filters all traffic, if McConnell's plan goes through
AT&T and other telcos and cablecos will be able to wrap themselves in
the flag while they're doing it:
 Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2010-12-31 08:11:28
@_author: dave at farber.net 
@_subject: hyjbnigh 
The original message was received at Fri, 31 Dec 2010 08:11:28 +0530
from 126.52.138.25
----- The following addresses had permanent fatal errors -----
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of letter.zip]

@_date: 2012-08-31 21:02:08
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Lockheed Air-Traffic Upgrade Now on Track, FAA Chief Says 
A $2.4-billion replacement for the U.S. air-traffic control computers
plagued by delays and cost overruns will be completed within the revised
budget and 2014 deadline, said Michael Huerta, acting chief of the FAA.
[ERAM - En-Route Automation Modernization]  [Bloomberg, PGN-ed]
  (well maybe!!! djf)
  [Browse on the Subject line for the article.  Dave's comment might relate
  to the fact that some of our readers may remember the eventual cancelation
  of an earlier en-route ATC modernization effort, after the expenditure of
  $4 billion.  It's nice to know costs are coming down!  PGN]

@_date: 2013-11-23 14:56:20
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: [IP] NSA report 
[image: The New York Times] Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
