
@_date: 2013-09-08 17:47:31
@_author: David D 
@_subject: [Cryptography] Bruce Schneier has gotten seriously spooked 
References: <20130908134316.GS29404
The prior war did not occur in an environment with a semi-full disclosure of the enemy's capabilities.   Eliminating assumptions of capabilities and focusing solely on actual capabilities changes the battle field.   The current filtering/censoring of the NSA documents (by the journalists) is causing a lot of finger pointing, WAGs, and wasted time.  A full Wikileaks style document dump of the Snowden material is what is needed and a resulting "known good" list would allow those technologies to be expanded and the "known bad" to be discarded.    Snowden pieces I have been pondering:
1.  He was using Lavabit for at least one email account.  We do not know if he used Lavabit once or if he used Lavabit for everything.   Was he also using PGP on top of Lavabit?    He chose Lavabit for a reason...  Was it because of ECC or was it simply because it was not Gmail/Ymail/etc? 2.  Greenwald et al were/are using TrueCrypt.   (Source:  3.  Snowden would only talk to Greenwald via PGP.  (Source:     3.  Snowden stated, "Encryption works. Properly implemented strong crypto systems are one of the few things that you can rely on".  What his definition of "Properly implemented strong crypto" needs to be answered.
4.  It remains to be seen if Google actually gave the NSA a direct link or not.  Based on this comment, "By 2012, GCHQ had developed “new access opportunities” into Google’s systems, according to the document." I am not so sure.    Google is using SSL /w PFS on their web properties, TLS on outgoing mail to other TLS capable mail servers, POP3s, IMAPs, etc. etc.  If Google is -not- a bad actor and the NSA can pull mail off the wire/fiber then there are some fairly large security issues with SSL/TLS.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sunday, September 08, 2013 3:57 PM
I believe we're headed back to the crypto wars of the 1990's. Except, this time, the cypherpunks are going to have to battle both a technical and a political adversary along with a fearful public who's easily convinced of whatever the government wants them to believe.
Once end point security and end to end encryption get good enough to keep them out, they'll start pushing for new laws requiring a backdoor.
The FBI tried this already only a few years ago.
Get ready for CryptoWars II. It's right around the corner.
No virus found in this message.
Checked by AVG - Version: 2013.0.3392 / Virus Database: 3222/6632 - Release Date: 09/02/13

@_date: 2013-09-11 21:20:49
@_author: David D 
@_subject: NSA dumping unfiltered data directly to Israel 
References: It appears the tin foil crowd has been correct for years.

@_date: 2013-09-19 00:27:00
@_author: David D 
@_subject: [Cryptography] prism proof email, namespaces, and anonymity 
References: <20130918133522.GF10405
A slight drift OT...
Email services with limited market penetration, not backed by dollars, and
brutalized by a smear campaign stating that the service is -only- used by
criminals, terrrrrists, etc. will limit its reach quickly.   With a limited
reach you then have a much easier target for the govt.   If I was a deviant
working for the NSA I would create a selector for all people using:
 and spend a great deal of effort trying to break it.
They could also simply seize the domain or deliver a piece of paper
requesting all of the data.   One goal that we should all work for is to have ALL e-mail transport methods
encrypted.   This would create mountains of encrypted data and provide a
level of protection for all email that is now is lacking.   I am
specifically referring to TLS on SMTP, POP3, and IMAP.
This would require education on the systems side, working with the Linux/BSD
distributions to make TLS enabled by default, and to generate the cert/key
on install (unique per install please).    As a real world example...  I received a support ticket response last week
that included account information, logins, etc. and it was delivered to my
mail server without a TLS connection.  Aside from the obvious issue of
sending the data in an e-mail, they are sending all ticket responses
entirely in the clear on port 25.   What year is it?   A similar discussion for HTTP is also worthwhile.   Namely, TLS1.2 available
on all clients (Hello Firefox) and support for TLS1.2/PFS on the server side
(Apache 2.4).
