
@_date: 2014-07-07 07:00:54
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <1905994.9AY2VPz29W
 <40141628.DH0kgvvaSQ
2014-07-06 23:28 GMT+03:00 rysiek :
that indeed is stupid and so no one have solved it yet... for social
network or basically any IM/chat/etc to be usable it must have majority of
people (eg. your friends) users there, otherwise without people they are
totally useless so currently we're stuck with no-so-great
applications/protocols only because everyone already are on them like
Facebook and Skype. On that mailing list there were discussion about a
polyglot protocol/application which could support all networks so users
wouldn't be forced to migrate which I think is essential because a lot of
people won't bother. There was mention to Sockethub
seems quite cool, only for a bit different use case I would say.
Another thing I would like to mention is BitlBee  it is
a gateway between various IM/chat networks and IRC so you can chat with
friends on Facebook using your favorite IRC client, or post a tweet on your
Twitter and use various other protocols. It even supports OTR.

@_date: 2014-07-07 16:06:47
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <1905994.9AY2VPz29W
 <40141628.DH0kgvvaSQ
 <1404717084.15115.0
 <20140707084122.GQ6997
I don't agree, I think XMPP could be good solution, while yes attack
surface is quite large but it will be in any case, because even if you
create the very minimalist chat protocol possible (let's say basically use
asymmetric cryptography for messages which are plaintext without any
features) you still can have bugs in cryptography library, network stack,
OS/kernel. This part will be same no matter what messaging protocol you
use. So by changing plaintext to other payload such as XMPP we introduce
another layer but this layer could be parsed in a sandbox / virtual machine
thus even if you receive malicious message it couldn't exploit other parts
of your system and it would work exactly like that simple plaintext
protocol. Now but what if there's a bug in cryptography library, well you
have already lost even with your basic plaintext protocol...
2014-07-07 11:41 GMT+03:00 stef :

@_date: 2014-07-07 20:18:07
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <1905994.9AY2VPz29W
 <40141628.DH0kgvvaSQ
 <1404717084.15115.0
2014-07-07 10:11 GMT+03:00 edhelas :
be nice, but I haven't yet tried to run it, will do that someday. It looks
like you haven't really marketed it good enough because this is first time
I hear about it despite it being an somewhat old project. For example Tox
is pretty new but it's already quite popular and I keep hearing about it
every few months. I would suggest to post more on various social sites,
forums and just let people know it exists (eg. post to Reddit) Another
thing I would suggest is add a video to website of example usage so people
could see how it is actually used, explain various features and such as
users might not immediately discover some features.
Now I'll tell a few things, but that's only my personal opinion and most
likely a lot of people won't agree with it. So anyway firstly I'm not a fan
of PHP, it's just generally awful language (see  and
look at PHP src :D), I know it because I've been writing it for like 7+
years but now 2-3 years I'm PHP-less and happy about it :) Next it looks
like you aren't using any PHP framework but self-developed one which gives
you more work than is needed and obviously it's less battletested. But
overall code itself is nice and pretty, correctly uses MVC pattern. Bad
things are that you don't have separate public directory for frontend and
anyone can access PHP files directly, view templates for example (
 it's not a big deal, but still
not good idea (running version  Then in some
places HTML tags and entities are used directly rather than proper Unicode
which isn't a good idea and it means that string isn't later escaped and if
it gets mixed together with user-input or translation strings there's a
place for XSS. The worse thing probably is that sanitization is based on
regexp blacklists/filters, I'm talking about StringHelper.php, I didn't
look how it's actually used, but still even without trying I'm pretty sure
it would be possible to find XSS there, why? because Rails framework over 5
years have had ~20 XSS vulnerabilities and it's extremely good framework
used by dozens of projects and reviewed regularly, and it's even based on
whitelists, but still uses regexps for that which isn't good and I wonder
why no one does proper SGML parsing which they should. Just take a look at
to see how non-trivial it is. Anyway the whole idea of sanitization is
wrong, you should just escape all text and don't try to guess which tags
you should render. I suggest any web developer to read OWASP
 from A to Z it's a must for any web developer. Then
there's `?>` PHP end tags used at end of various files which are useless
and can introduce problems like famous "headers already sent" warning. So
seems that's about it with my quick look, but I might have forgotten to
mention some things. Another thing I don't like is that AGPL is used, I
really dislike all GPL family, but that's just me and I rather prefer
copyfree  so if there's similar projects then I'll
rather contribute to MIT than any GPL variant :P And I'm not a fan of
Bazaar nor LaunchPad but that's not the worst thing (someone should ban CVS
and SVN :D)
So to sum up about Movim, good parts:
   - Good idea
   - Quite decent code, MVC used correctly
   - Localization support
   - Pretty website
   - Open Source
   - Active development
   - SCM is used
and bad:
   - Not enough known, marketed
   - PHP is used
   - No PHP framework used but self-developed one
   - Some questionable and potentially vulnerable code in some places
   - Scripts and files accessible directly
   - Not my favorite (un)license
But yeah keep it up and continue developing it ;) I might use it some day...

@_date: 2014-07-07 20:52:58
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <20140707084122.GQ6997
 <1997735.1n1TTR1eli
security is always a trade-off with convenience/usability and IMO that
layer on top of plaintext protocol would be minimal comparing to already
your OS surface. And if you go in that direction then why not go further?
develop a basic custom minimalistic OS (in a way that compiled code could
be verified in case of compiler backdoor) for just single purpose for
secure messaging. It could be booted from CD-ROM or read-only flash, would
self-verify itself and PC hardware for known anomalies, present you with a
hash of environment so you've memorized it and if it ever changes you know
someone have touched something on your PC, maybe BIOS, maybe other firmware
maybe your boot medium etc. Then you would plugin your security token with
encrypted GPG key and you could securely message. But actually no, you
wouldn't use just general purpose computer, you would have developed a
custom computer from ground-up with every single chip and transistor to be
verifiable and it would serve only this single purpose of secure messaging.
But now what if your friend doesn't do the same? it's all bets off and
you've lost because it will be easier to "attach" to other end than you.
Anyway I see a reason for both of these use cases, encrypted feature full
messaging and just extremely secure basic plaintext messaging. But if you
go with latter then I wouldn't stop in middle that is I wouldn't use same
general OS but something trimmed down. I think currently Tails is pretty
good and it comes with Pidgin OTR and you can use it over IRC network which
is basically a simple plaintext protocol so your case is already covered I
So for this first case of feature full messaging, XMPP seems to be a good
2014-07-07 17:55 GMT+03:00 rysiek :

@_date: 2014-07-07 21:19:03
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <1905994.9AY2VPz29W
 <40141628.DH0kgvvaSQ
 <1404717084.15115.0
 <1404755047.15776.0
sounds great :) well, about frameworks I've tried really a lot of them over
years and I was satisfied only with FuelPHP  which I
think is the best one IMO, but I haven't heard about Laravel, seems to be
really new. About FuelPHP I really like idea of HMVC and it's very useful.
But as I said I haven't done anything with PHP for few years now. But
generally you've to choose framework when starting a project as it's
usually not easy to change it later. Yeah I forgot to mention that it's
really good that you're using Composer and have good object orientated code
About internationalization it depends which parts you want to cover. If
translated strings then look at transifex.com and crowdin.net they both offer free solutions to open source projects and
are quite good. If you want localized date and time formats then use CLDR
 you can either write a script to directly get
data from them or use some already made libraries for PHP, I don't know for
PHP, but for Ruby there's ruby-cldr and twitter-cldr-rb , for
example ruby-cldr can export CLDR data to yaml files and then you could
parse and use those in PHP. (twitter-cldr also uses that same exported data
from ruby-cldr)
2014-07-07 20:44 GMT+03:00 edhelas :

@_date: 2014-07-08 19:05:22
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <20140707084122.GQ6997
 <1997735.1n1TTR1eli <53BB899A.40408
yeah I agree that using XML was bad idea in XMPP design, there's no good
reason to use it, but XMPP is already thought out unlike any new protocol.
But actually I think could use same XMPP protocol and just map on different
encoding. What is XML?  basically it's just a language for data mapping (an
encoding) and it would be perfectly possible to use same XMPP protocol
concepts and map them on different data structure. And this is the thing I
think should be pursued for. Which encoding to use is debatable. I would
say using Google Protocol Buffers
 are perfect for network
protocols. I haven't investigated how good is MessagePack, but it could be
usable too. Only about JSON and similar I don't like that they're
"type-less", they have just some basic data types like String, Number etc
and you loose information that way, say you've uint32 and you store and
transmit that with JSON and on other end it will be probably int64 because
that CPU is 64bit, of course you could find shortest fitting type, but
that's not practical because you don't know limits of this field, maybe
next message it will be bigger. In Protobuf there's types for everything
int32, unit64 and so on.
2014-07-08 11:25 GMT+03:00 Zenaan Harkness :

@_date: 2014-07-08 22:53:06
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <20140707084122.GQ6997
 <1997735.1n1TTR1eli <53BB899A.40408
 <969fa7d4-d6b4-4d5c-bbbf-c5d7b6482746
I think it's unreal/unpractical and not worth going for and there's just no
benefits for it (just use proper binary serialization), JSON was meant as
human-readable serialization format and introducing binary format there,
then what was the point of using JSON in first place? Why not just some
proper binary serialization? (eg. Protobuf). It just really seems that
people throw a lot of stuff on JSON, XML and others even if it was never
intended to be used for those purposes. There are different tools each for
it's own specific purpose and people should not abuse them.
Current JSON parsers treat " as special token to separate strings, so if
you want to include " in JSON you've to escape, so it will be "\"" and now
with any binary encoding you're complicating this because either you've to
escape " or track whether you're inside binary data or not and it will
crash for non-binary aware parsers. Also what about NUL bytes? I bet most
parsers are implemented in C/C++ using typical char * null-terminated
string, how'll pass this JSON to someone? because well NUL...
2014-07-08 22:22 GMT+03:00 Cathal (Phone) :

@_date: 2014-07-10 01:27:14
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: Tox.im 
References: <53B84037.7030406 <20140707084122.GQ6997
 <1997735.1n1TTR1eli <53BB899A.40408
 <969fa7d4-d6b4-4d5c-bbbf-c5d7b6482746
 <53BCD390.9040303
2014-07-08 23:31 GMT+03:00 Lodewijk andré de la porte :
A lot of protocols are text based, often implemented using C strings and
that's what I mean, you can't embed a JSON with binary data containing NUL
there (because NUL will terminate that string), so you handle it like
typical binary file and then what's the point of JSON to use in first
place, because I don't see how it can be any better than any other proper
binary data. Such binary JSON gives only overhead but no advantages.
2014-07-09 7:25 GMT+03:00 Bill Stewart :
It's actually pretty good, but there are reasons why Protobuf was created
and used instead. The main benefit of Protobuf is that it's easily
extendable and can have optional fields. If you add or remove optional
fields to server all old clients will still work like nothing have changed.
But with XDR you can't do that unless you add another layer on top of it,
but that's more work comparing to just taking Protobuf and using it. Also
currently Protobuf is much more popular and have more libraries available
for dozens of langauges.
2014-07-09 8:30 GMT+03:00 "Łukasz \"Cyber Killer\" Korpalski" <
cyberkiller8 at gmail.com>:
The goal would be to create smaller overhead and thus be more performance
effective. Also it doesn't have to be incompatible. It could be
incorporated in XMPP so that new applications could use it but other's just
use same legacy XMPP and everything keeps working fine and people wouldn't
know what's happening under the hood, nor they would care. And I think it
would be trivial to convince people to use and enable this "Binary" XMPP
mode (if it's implemented in their client) which makes their chat client
app to use 100x times less bandwidth and 50x times less CPU time (spent in
parsing), thus your phone's battery would last longer. And yes XML overhead
is that big.
I guess you don't know that nothing is ever fast or good enough. People
will always want things faster. What about real-time video call in 4k @ 60
FPS ? It's unreal to imagine this in XMPP unless some really good binary
protocol is used so that it's not your software that creates a bottleneck,
but if it does then your software is bad and why would I use it over other
that can do it, the one that was designed for it, for example see Elemental
Demonstrates 4K HEVC Video at 60 fps in London
Anyway, I must admit that I haven't studied XMPP enough to know how good or
bad it is, but always should try to minimize any overhead, basically you
want to process as little as possible.
Here straight from wiki, weaknesses:
   - Does not support Quality of Service (QoS)
      - XMPP does not have the ability to set the timing flow of messages,
      preventing XMPP from becoming practical for many embedded distributed
      realtime, Machine-to-Machine, or IoT applications.
   - High overhead for embedded applications
      - As a text based protocol, XMPP has a relatively high computing and
      network overhead.
   - In-band binary data transfer is inefficient
      - Binary data must be first base64 encoded before it can be
      transmitted in-band. Therefore any significant amount of binary
data (e.g.,
      file transfers) is best transmitted out-of-band, using in-band
messages to
      coordinate. The best example of this is the Jingle
       XMPP Extension
      Protocol, XEP-0166 . This
      issue are being adressed by the experimental XEP-0322: Efficient XML
      Interchange (EXI) Format .
that sounds really really bad. But it's not all lost, Jingle
 actually seems
good as it have option to switch to Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP)
 and then it's
just pure binary stream with minimal overhead. And looks like they are
aware of these issues as EXI is being developed, but still while it's a big
step forward, it will never beat pure binary protocol.
Also from wiki, this is good idea:
A perhaps more efficient transport for real-time messaging is WebSocket
, a web technology providing for
bi-directional, full-duplex communications channels over a single TCP
connection. Experimental implementations of XMPP over WebSocket exist, and
a (now-expired) Internet-Draft documenting this approach was published at
the IETF but not yet standardized.
In my opinion the bottom line is - a small addition to existing xmpp has
Maybe yes, maybe no. I think if you've written specification in very clear
and understandable way and if you've reference implementation library which
everyone could just link against and if your protocol does it better than
current existing solutions then I don't see why it wouldn't get adapted.
Besides you don't need it implemented everywhere, you need it so that it's
in application you use and you could contribute there yourself.
2014-07-09 13:17 GMT+03:00 Lodewijk andré de la porte :
 That's true indeed, currently there aren't any decent XMPP client (atleast
I'm not aware of any). I mean from user's usability point (UX/UI). There
are good either proprietary clients (eg. Skype) or good open source clients
(eq. Quassel) that doesn't support XMPP :D
In fact I'm willing to bet everyone in the western world uses FB, Google
About which Western wold you're talking about? I don't know, but I would
assume that in Europe, Skype would be one of the most popular clients.
Atleast here MSN never was a thing and everyone have always been using
Skype and almost everyone still does. FB isn't really used that much (here
we've better alternative). And about Google Talk only some people are aware
that it even exists. I know that in Russia it's ICQ and in China it's QQ
that's dominating there. Anyway I think they don't implement XMPP because
it's too much work for too small benefit. Also then how they would compete
with others if they would be limited with XMPP if it doesn't do something
that they want to do. So own protocol might be safer bet for a lot of
companies. By the way Google Talk dropped XMPP support
I actually really hoped that Tox would succeed so that I could drop Skype
and convince others to do same :D But now I'm not so sure if there will be
some replacement in nearest future. Actually I think one of reason why Tox
created new protocol and didn't used XMPP is that generally XMPP consists
of client-server architecture and P2P support is only with extension which
isn't widely known nor implemented much. Also XMPP seems way too
complicated than it should be.
Pidgin really isn't good, it's just the only one out there. And it is still
I personally don't like Pidgin too. And about Office and LibreOffice they
both have their own advantages and disadvantages but I wouldn't say that
any of them would be significantly better or worse than other. Also it's
nothing to do with open souirce, it's just we've more users that want
everything to be perfect without any effort for free than go and help and
contribute to projects.
Ok, so anyway I've come to conclusion that I'm not sure anymore whether
it's better to try to fix XMPP or just create new much simpler and better
protocol. But in any case we really should summarize all our points about
what's bad in XMPP and send them to XMPP group and see if they're willing
to fix them and accept our proposals.
If we want to create a new protocol, then I've few ideas about it. Firstly
it's really a shame that a lot of things are getting reinvented over and
over again. So the main goal would be don't reinvent stuff but reuse as
much as possible from existing things. It would help a lot as there's
libraries for already everything and would just have to combine them. Next,
think about high-level differences between instant message, group message,
offline chat message, email, SMS, MMS, mailing list. What are differences?
Actually if you think about it, there are no differences at all, it's the
same message being delivered in various ways. But why single protocol
couldn't handle it all? In fact it could. We're already using browser for
all of that. It's just that there's no specification to unify it all in
single protocol. Imagine if we wouldn't need a separate application for
IRC, for email nor for other chats. It all could be handled by one general
protocol. And why stop here, actually calls, sound and video are also
exactly same. There's no really difference between text or sound/video,
it's just a data and it depends only how you interpret it. Also security,
there's only one option, just encrypt it all before sending. It's just so
This next generation protocol would be a superset of typical media
protocols and thus it wouldn't matter anymore what other people use. You
would just use some middle-ware protocol layer that would translate that
foreign protocol to this next-gen protocol and you simply use your favorite
client. From user's point of view it doesn't matter at all which protocol
is used under the hood.
So the main features and design goals of this protocol should be:
   - Support for peer-to-peer and client-server architectures over both TCP
   and UDP
   - Lightweight, minimal overhead, generally be just pass-thru
   - Efficient encoding, basically binary streams
   - Encryption by default with option for OTR
   - Data stream itself can contain anything: text, images, sound, video,
   animations, screen sharing (and even remote desktop control would be
   possible)
   - Dozens of events: joined, left, started typing and so on
   - One to one and one to many streams
   - maybe more things
So how that all would be possible? It's extremely simple. In client-server
architecture, open connection to server, establish TLS (for example) now
send this next-gen protocol header message (to specify what kind of data
you're sending) and then send your data, it could be for example a raw
Theora  stream (directly from your camera) or just
a text message. Then server just relays it to all parties.
I don't think it could be any simpler and nothing will beat this in terms
of performance. You've just some basic dependencies and what would be the
reason to complicate this? It's trivial to implement as there's already
libraries for those. In case of offline messages server would just store
them and in fact it could do same for sound and videos too. You know Vine,
Snapchat? what about YouTube, Soundcloud, basically it could support them
all. IMO this is millions worth idea :D
It's worth looking at WebSockets , WebRTC
 and probably other standards.
I really don't understand why currently it all have been made so
complicated because it isn't.

@_date: 2014-10-27 01:17:59
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: GamerGate 
References: 2014-10-26 14:26 GMT+02:00 John Young :
It looks like you don't really understand GamerGate at all.
Nothing you said is even remotely related to GamerGate.
For me it looks like you're just slamming your own views on it
without realizing it's not even related.
I just read that New York Times article and you can
clearly see it's written by anti-GamerGate like most
mainstream media does so. This is actually exactly why
GamerGate is such big movement and it's best described
with this quote:
The issue GamerGate is attempting to address is that the majority
of games publications take an unbalanced view of the industry,
injecting their political beliefs into stories they then report on as fact.
It's like if Fox, MSNBC and CNN were all ultra right (or left) wing and
that was the only news you were able to get.
I'm sure we all know that media/press is fourth power (Fourth Estate)
and it's bad when it starts pushing it's own agenda. And it's
actually happening not only with just gaming journalists but everywhere.
It used to be just government which could influence us in bad ways,
but now, media have such power that it can also influence our life.
If you won't be careful, you can easily fall for this. For example
there was published atleast *34* different articles with titles such as
"Gamers are dead" within couple of day span. No, I'm not joking,
you can see list of these articles here And those articles were published from various gaming and review sites
with more than just a few readers (well, now fewer :D) and in such short
timespan that there's no much doubt it was coordinated and that they
know each other somewhat and are trying to push same views.
But this is not, how you should treat your audience.
I'm a gamer, I enjoy gaming, but it's such a diverse group that you
can't really tell anything about them individually. Only thing that's
common is that they all love to play games and are interested in them.
Anyway GamerGate is really complex issue and it's not only
about journalism. My suggestion would be, look here
 for full story.
And note, that, it's not only gamers who support GamerGate, but
also game developers, including females (see

@_date: 2014-10-28 00:49:29
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: GamerGate 
References:  <45ac353359f0ad85f3a792faa499faba
2014-10-27 4:48 GMT+02:00 Griffin Boyce :
I don't really see how anything could be fixed or like what steps gamers
should take to fix it? Also I haven't seen any bribing accusations and if
someone would have a proof, I'm sure there would huge backslash and
probably lawsuit. Of course gamers know that EA is 2nd worst game company,
right after Ubisoft, but there's nothing really changeable about it as a
lot of people still buy their games and will continue to do so, because
they've some good games and others just don't care about it. Anyway people
talk most about what other's share and talk about so that's exactly why
there's nothing much about anything else, people just don't talk about it.
So you really need some controversially otherwise that story won't be
talked about, because there's nothing more to say than - "that's bad".
know only single such case about 1 game. And I haven't seen any harassers
admitting that they do it for GamerGate or journalism, but IMO they're just
trolls who like to use this opportunity. They like publicity (even if it's
bad) and that's what they're getting. I'm not sure if you can imagine this
mindset, but I can't deny that it must be exciting to read news story about
death threats you wrote. It actually encourages to do it again. There's
well know internet Rule 14 "Do not argue with trolls — it means that they
win." so as usual - Don't feed the trolls.
writing our opinions about it. Also if you've some recent examples of
you're named large gaming corporation wrongdoings then tell them and I'll
gladly share them with others.
2014-10-27 12:11 GMT+02:00 Cathal Garvey :
without precisely defined goal and means how to acquire it. It's somewhat
similar to Anonymous. Also why anti-GamerGate people can't be bothered
policing their own ranks? There are a lot of examples how they harass
GamerGate supporters, eg.
 and for a lot
more look   Like I said, trolls are
everywhere. And actually you're wrong about this, there are so called
" Harassment Patrol" where they report any harassment they see,
look at this
while anti-GamerGate just keep claiming how misogynistic GamerGate is
without doing anything else. To be honest, I don't see their point at all.
Let's assume that GamerGate indeed is all misogynists and so what? It's not
like anything will change because some feminists are offended.
admitting that they made mistake by presenting it as just a hate movement,
if that would be case, it would have ended a long time ago. Also about
accepting misogyny - I just don't see it. Some people have concentrated on
that so much that they don't see anything else.
Anyway I've too different opinion about this and IMO this discussion is
pointless timewaste. I would even say it could be classified as spam for
this list as I don't really see what's here related to Cyberpunk.

@_date: 2014-10-28 20:12:15
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?RMSBdmlzIE1vc8SBbnM=?= 
@_subject: GamerGate (because censorship is dumb) 
References:  <45ac353359f0ad85f3a792faa499faba
 <1a3afa12b6a0da5c252c12e213fc1244
2014-10-28 1:51 GMT+02:00 Griffin Boyce :
feeding the trolls, they can't stop writing about how many death threats
and harassers someone have acquired. I understand if it would be just one
time, but they just keep writing about it. They want more views and know
that this will gain them, but in same time it is also increasing amount of
trolls and other haters who participate in it and thus they can write about
it again :D
controversial enough. Only GamerGate supporters care about that. But with
Brianna and Anita everyone talks about it - GamerGate, Anti-GamerGate,
others and trolls. That's why there's way more tweets, because it's back
and forth talk. You provoke one side and get support from other and then
vice-versa. And only small percentage of those tweets are negative. Some
people really can't stand them because of bullshit they say and that have
nothing to do with that they're women, but that other's don't like their
opinion and them as a persons. Amplify this by media coverage. Do you
really think that if this wouldn't have been so publicized, all over media,
that it would still happen? I doubt that, not much people would care if
journalists wouldn't write so much about it. Also I truly believe and could
bet that if we would swap genders, they claiming how misandrists
Gamers/GamerGate are then nothing would be different and probably would get
even more threats. Anyway I fully agree that everyone has right to say
their opinion, no matter who you are. But you can't expect that there won't
be people who won't agree with it or won't get angry over it.
But that's not what GamerGate is about and that's not the problem
(regarding GamerGate), problem is that their opinions are published on a
lot of gaming and news sites. When I'm reading news about latest game
releases or game reviews, I don't want to hear what Anita thinks about
games. But currently large part of gaming sites publish such very
opinionated articles which cover only one side of it - article writers
side. This is also one of GamerGate issues, that gaming sites publish such
trash articles which goes against some gamers beliefs and journalists don't
do any research or ask what's gamers opinion about it.
  And if you don't want to be associated with abject harassment, then don't
Again, GamerGate is not about harassment, it's not a hate movement. I
really suggest everyone interested to read
it's best article I've read on this topic.
