
@_date: 1998-11-08 10:48:30
@_author: David Watts 
@_subject: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... 
Here's the definition of ISP in the legislation (H.R. 2281 at
`(1) SERVICE PROVIDER- (A) As used in subsection (a), the term
`service provider' means an entity offering   the transmission,
routing, or providing of connections for digital online
communications, between or among points specified by a user, of
material of the user's choosing, without modification to the content
of the material as sent or received.
   `(B) As used in this section, other than subsection (a), the term
`service provider' means a provider of online services or network
access, or the operator of facilities therefor, and includes an entity
described in subparagraph (A).
Subsection (a) deals with limiting ISP liability for transmitting
infringing material.  Other subsections deal with caching, hosting,
linking, taking down infringing material, liability for those who
knowingly misrepresent that material is infringing, and rights of
copyright owners to subpoena ISPs for identification information of
alleged infringers.  The requirement to register with the Copyright
Office and designate a contact person applies only as to liability for
hosted material.  However, in order to be eligible for any of the
liability limitations, ISPs must meet the following conditions:
  `(i) CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBILITY-
          `(1) ACCOMMODATION OF TECHNOLOGY- The limitations on
liability established by this section shall apply to a service
provider only if the service provider--
       `(A) has adopted and reasonably implemented, and informs
subscribers and account holders of the service provider's system or
network of, a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate
circumstances of
subscribers and account holders of the service provider's system or
network who are repeat infringers; and
       `(B) accommodates and does not interfere with standard
technical measures.
          `(2) DEFINITION- As used in this subsection, the term
`standard technical measures' means technical measures that are used
by copyright owners to identify or protect copyrighted works and--
     `(A) have been developed pursuant to a broad consensus of
copyright owners and service providers in an open, fair, voluntary,
multi-industry standards process;
    `(B) are available to any person on reasonable and
nondiscriminatory terms; and
   `(C) do not impose substantial costs on service providers or
substantial burdens on their systems or
networks.   problably be
ISPs, as
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-11-14 07:20:13
@_author: David Watts 
@_subject: U.S. Attorney Morgenthau on Money Laundering 
New York Times November 9, 1998, Monday  Editorial Desk 	
On the Trail of Global Capital By Robert M. Morgenthau
What are the five largest financial centers in the world? Many will
name New York, London, Tokyo and Hong Kong. But how many will guess
the fifth? It's the Cayman Islands -- or so, at least, its Government
claims on its Web site.
It's certainly the case that huge companies -- including hedge funds
like Long-Term Capital Management -- have made the Caymans their
nominal home. And bank regulators in the United States have confirmed
that bank deposits on the islands now total about $500 billion, twice
the amount of four years ago and more than the amount on deposit in
the New York Federal Reserve District. That is about $14 million for
every man, woman and child in the Caymans. The financial community
there consists of 575 banks and trust companies. More than 20,000
corporations are chartered on the Caymans.
What draws so many capitalists to so unlikely a spot? Secrecy, for one
thing. In the United States, capital markets are regulated by
requiring transparency in financial dealings. The Caymans, by
contrast, have no such openness, no tiresome restrictions on the
pursuit of wealth. With respect to regulation, the Caymans have won
the race to the bottom.
Take, for example, Long-Term Capital Management, which had to be
bailed out earlier this year. The fund's basic operations are
conducted in Connecticut, but it is chartered in the Cayman Islands.
The fund kept the details of its borrowings and investments secret --
a result not obtainable where there must be concerns for the curiosity
of regulators. The results were disastrous. No one knew the absurd
extent to which Long-Term Capital's confident superstars were
leveraging their assets -- until the bubble burst.
The Caymans' financial secrecy laws make it easy to hide suspect
dealings. It is now well known that the Bank of Credit and Commerce
International, whose collapse in 1991 was the biggest banking scandal
in history, took advantage of those laws. Beyond the assistance they
lend to criminals, secrecy laws aid reckless acts by high-rolling
But in fact, most of the ''offshore'' Cayman banks are run not from
the islands, but from New York. Amazingly, the Cayman Government Web
site itself boasts that, of the 575 banks and trust companies
''based'' in the islands, a full 106 actually have a physical presence
there! Resort to these institutions is a simple charade. What would
happen if a determined American bank inspector flew to the islands and
demanded to see the books of one of these institutions? He would be
arrested. It's the law.
There is yet another explanation for the remarkable blossoming of
financial institutions in the Cayman Islands. The islands have no
income tax, no capital gains tax, no value added tax, no sales tax, no
inheritance tax and no tax treaties. Sophisticated Americans place
billions in Cayman investment vehicles like Long-Term Capital that are
carefully structured to reduce American tax liability. Citizens of
other countries invest billions there so their incomes will be exempt
from American taxes.
Commendably, the Treasury Department recently resolved to study ways
to keep sham transactions from having an impact on tax liabilities,
and the Group of Seven industrialized nations has said that hedge
funds should ''possibly'' be subject to disclosure rules. But those
are only tentative steps.
More can be done. The Cayman Islands are a British dependency, and
both the governor and the attorney general are appointed by the
British Government. This means Britain can end the laissez-faire
practices of the islands. And since, from a financial perspective, the
islands are an American dependency, Washington can also stop the
offshore shenanigans -- for instance, by imposing more prudent
oversight of lenders doing business with Cayman entities.
The Caymans are only part of the problem. The Isle of Jersey, the
British Virgin Islands, Cyprus, Antigua, Liechtenstein, Panama, the
Netherlands Antilles, the Bahamas, Luxembourg and, of course,
Switzerland all offer ''offshore'' sanctuary. Until action is taken to
eliminate these havens, taxpayers and honest players in the financial
markets will be at a very unfair disadvantage. DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-11-16 08:35:50
@_author: David Watts 
@_subject: U.S. Attorney Morgenthau on Money Laundering 
Can't blame the Feds for this one; Morgenthau is actually the District
Attorney for Manhattan, not the U.S. Attorney.  My bad.
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:45:17
@_author: David Watts 
@_subject: WSJ on NYC Smart Card Pilot 
Technological Glitches Trip Up
New York Debut of Plastic Cash
By PAUL BECKETT Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
Smart cards invaded New York last year, when four of consumer
banking's most sophisticated players began one of the biggest
real-world trials of plastic cash.
But right from the start, the closely watched effort slipped on an
unforeseen banana peel: technology.
In a test with far-reaching implications, Chase Manhattan Corp.,
Citicorp --now part of Citigroup Inc. -- MasterCard International and
Visa USA co-sponsored the pilot program, which began last October.
They distributed about 96,000 smart cards embedded with computer chips
to residents of Manhattan's Upper West Side. Then they watched to see
how willing people were to use the cards instead of cash.
The answer is, not very, according to merchants and consumers. A big
reason was the support network of hardware was so riddled with
technical and logistical headaches that it often made using the smart
cards a hassle instead of a breeze. Usage has dwindled to a trickle.
More than a third of the 600 merchants who signed up for the pilot
either have quit or were eliminated from the test by the sponsors.
Many of the ones who remain are fed up.
Smart cards figure in an antitrust lawsuit the Justice Department
filed against Visa and MasterCard Wednesday. The regulators accuse the
bank-controlled credit-card networks of holding back on efforts to
develop new products, including smart cards. Visa and MasterCard
denied the charges and vowed to defend themselves.
The smart cards in the Manhattan test work like the long-distance
phone cards that vending machines in supermarkets sell. The cards --
either a Visa Cash card issued by Citigroup's Citibank unit, or a
MasterCard Mondex card issued by Chase -- are filled with cash from a
person's bank account.
Users draw on the card's stored cash as they pay for merchandise;
store clerks swipe it through a special terminal at the point of
purchase. Users can refill the card with cash at a bank or automated
teller machine. For the test, there are no annual or transaction fees
for customers or merchants.
Tough Customers
The sponsors chose as their guinea pigs the Manhattanites who live in
the swath of real estate between Central Park and the Hudson River, an
eclectic stew of millionaires, welfare families, and everyone in
between. Many of these tough customers quickly found smart cards were
actually pretty dumb. For a start, they weren't accepted in taxis,
buses, and subways.
There also is a harder-to-explain psychological resistance to the
smart cards. "It seems rather un-American to me," says Greg Knight,
who lives on the Upper West Side and works at NYCD Compact Disks. The
store participates in the smart-card program but doesn't record many
transactions. Mr. Knight says he has a smart card but doesn't use it.
A busy Duane Reade drugstore on Amsterdam Avenue should have been a
good testing ground, because most of what it sells is low-priced. But
the smart-card scanners installed at the checkout break down two or
three times a month, says store manager Sammy Austin. After calling
the program's "help desk," Mr. Austin says, he has waited as long as
six days for a repairman, plus two more days for replacement machines.
"If they could improve the system, I think plenty of customers would
use it," Mr. Austin says. "But in a city like New York, where it's
hustle and bustle, everybody wants to be treated one-two-three, and if
you can't accommodate your customers, they're just going to forget
about it. It turns you off."
Sponsors say one reason for the high drop-off rate among merchants is
that there was never any screening: The program was open to any
merchant who wanted to join. The sponsors themselves later culled out
merchants who were recording few smart-card transactions.
Few Purchases
Zabar's, an always-crowded gourmet food store on Broadway, had its
share of technological problems early in the program. When calling the
help desk didn't help, the store bowed out of the experiment for
several weeks, says Zabar's manager David Tait. The store has since
returned, and things have gone more smoothly. Still, it rings up only
25 smart-card purchases a day, Mr. Tait says.
Many of the payment terminals that malfunctioned were made by
Hewlett-Packard Co.'s VeriFone unit, the biggest of the pilot
program's three hardware suppliers. Machines made by the other two --
Hypercom Corp., of Phoenix, and IVI Ingenico Inc., a Canadian-French
joint venture -- had early technical problems, too, the sponsors say,
but on a smaller scale.
VeriFone spokesman Dan Toporek acknowledges the glitches. "There were
instances where the machines weren't installed or configured
properly," he says. Still, he says Verifone regards the terminals as a
Nick Massimiano, vice president at Chase Manhattan, says the sponsors
moved fast to address the delays in service. A software adjustment
fixed many of the problems with the Verifone terminals, he says. Foot
patrols of repair technicians check in with merchants to help
Fairway, a bustling supermarket on Broadway, stopped taking smart
cards after just a few weeks. Employees there said it was a hassle to
process transactions on the smart-card terminal, which is separate
from both the cash register and the credit-card machine.
Other merchants complain about having to reconcile their terminals
with the smart cards' central computer at the end of the day, so the
smart-card purchases will land in their bank accounts. For this task,
the sponsors had presented retailers with various options, but some
employees never got the hang of the task. So at many of the stores, it
became a bothersome after-hours chore for the boss.
Mr. Massimiano says adjustments in the modem timing of the terminals
has made it easier for stores to settle accounts at the end of the
day. But the real issue here is training, not technology, he says. The
sponsors issued desktop guides for making the fund transfers. The
roaming foot patrols also provide training assistance, he says.
'A Less Positive Experience'
"Lots of little things, when you add them up, can create a less than a
positive experience," concedes Ron Braco, senior vice president and
director of electronic commerce for Chase Manhattan's consumer-banking
division. Still, the program has yielded some victories, he says. For
the first time in any test program, the Visa and MasterCard smart
cards were accepted on the same terminals.
Lessons learned suggest the four partners will shy away from broad
efforts to blanket an entire neighborhood, focusing instead on
specific retail niches in which smart cards are especially useful.
"I would say the time for experimentation is probably passed now,"
says Richard Phillimore, senior vice president of MasterCard's
chip-business group. "This really points the direction toward rolling
out not necessarily by geography but by merchant sector."
One such sector is small-ticket purchases -- launderettes and
newsstands, for example. In the latest chapter of the Upper West Side
test, smart cards have been introduced in basement laundry rooms in a
few of the neighborhood's apartment buildings. So far, the backers
say, they have been a roaring success: Smart card users don't need
piles of quarters any more. Chase says on average 25% of the laundry
revenue at the participating buildings comes from smart cards, and in
some locations approaches 40%.
"Once the card generates some excitement, people won't care that Duane
Reade had a problem at some point in time," says Chase spokesman
Kenneth Herz. Adds Judy Darr, director of the smart card program at
Citibank, "Our commitment to smart cards remains strong."
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-10-20 04:29:25
@_author: David Watts 
@_subject: EU Privacy Directive 
Deadline for EU Data Privacy Law
Prompts Worry Among Businesses
By JENNIFER L. SCHENKER and JULIE WOLF Special to THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
The mounds of data that zap electronically across borders may face
some travel restrictions as a European Union law takes effect this
week. Three years of talks between the EU and the U.S. have failed to
find a compromise on how to protect the privacy of data, and that has
businesses and consumer groups worried.
The issue arose in 1995, when Citibank Deutschland AG came under
attack for a co-branded credit-card program with Deutsche Bahn AG. The
program, Germany's data police decided, invaded the privacy of
citizens because the sign-up questionnaire was too nosy and the data
was processed in the U.S. The bank made headlines by offering to allow
Germany's data police to come to the U.S. to inspect its
data-processing arrangements.
Citibank solved its problems in Germany, but the European Commission
reasoned national data regulators couldn't possibly travel to the U.S.
to verify the compliance of all of the companies in Europe that send
personal data abroad for processing. Instead, the commission passed a
law that gave national data regulators wide powers to control what
type of data can be processed abroad and let them halt exports of
personal data to countries that don't have adequate protection, such
as the U.S. EU member states were given three years to institute
necessary changes.
Intensified Negotiations
Businesses panicked at the prospect of having data flows cut off,
databases erased and huge fines levied. Negotiations intensified
between Europe and the U.S., which planned to ensure data protection
mainly through industry self-regulation.
Three years later, just days before the deadline, a solution has yet
to be found, and Citibank and other multinationals doing business in
Europe are back in the headlines again, the targets of privacy
advocates who want to inspect transborder data flows. At issue is how
U.S. companies operating in Europe can send data back to the U.S.
without running afoul of strict new EU legislation on data protection.
The issue won't be settled before the legislation goes into effect
Oct. 25 although U.S. and EU officials say they are hopeful enough
progress has been made to ensure that companies won't see their data
flows interrupted on Oct. 26.
"The message to business should be don't panic," advised Francis
Aldhouse, deputy data-protection registrar at the U.K.'s office of
data protection. "Nothing great and dramatic" is going to happen this
week when the directive goes into force, he said.
Threat of Legal Action
But uncertainty abounds, and big companies in Europe are worried they
could face legal action from a variety of quarters, including Privacy
International, a Washington, D.C.-based watchdog group that plans to
increase its activities in Europe.
"This is not a deal that can be cut between the White House and
Brussels," said Simon Davies, Privacy International's director. "The
data-protection directive establishes new constitutional rights in
Europe and gives us a mandate to move forward."
Between now and Jan. 15, Privacy International will meet with 25
multinational corporations and government agencies it has identified.
The group wants to examine data flows through available public records
to determine whether these companies are in compliance with the new
At the moment all personal data gathered from European clients that is
processed outside the EU is suspect. Hong Kong, Quebec and New Zealand
are the exceptions because they have received the commission's stamp
of approval for providing adequate protection. Only three EU countries
are expected to meet the commission's Oct. 25 deadline for
implementing the data-protection directive -- Italy, Greece and Finland.
"Business can not live with such uncertainty," said Mark Loliver,
legal adviser to the European Federation of Direct Marketing.
Possible Solutions
Solutions on the table include:
1. Setting up safe harbors, a compromise that would allow U.S.
companies operating in Europe to ship data back to the U.S. even
though the U.S. itself won't get the European Commission's stamp of
approval for adequate protection. The U.S. Commerce Department would
issue principles on data privacy, and companies agreeing to abide by
these would be allowed to transfer data from Europe to the U.S.
2. Drawing up model contracts between companies operating in Europe
and those that process data overseas. The foreign companies would have
to commit to meeting Europe's data privacy standards. 3. Implementing new software solutions that are designed to allow
companies that handle personal information about consumers to meet
privacy requirements. Both the U.S. and EU have shifted considerably from their original
positions. The commission is no longer insisting that the U.S. adopt
national data-protection legislation. And the U.S. now concedes that
consumers should be able to complain to an independent group about a
company's behavior.
The commission will have to get the support of member states for any
compromise at two meetings this month, the first of which will be held
Model Contract
Meanwhile the International Chamber of Commerce, British Federation of
Business and a number of other organizations are jointly working on a
model contract that could be drawn up between a company operating in
Europe and the company which processes data for it abroad, said Colin
Fricker, director of legal affairs at the U.K.'s Direct Marketing
Association and a member of the model contract working party of the
Confederation of British Industry.
Separately, some companies hope to tackle the problem with
technological solutions. NCR Inc., a Dayton, Ohio, data-warehousing
specialist said that beginning in January it will build in new
software features that will allow the auditing of computer databases
to ensure compliance with government data privacy regulations. Its
clients include financial institutions and retailers.
For its part, Privacy International says neither model contracts or
technological solutions offer adequate protection. "Companies in the
U.S. continue to maintain that industry code of practice and
privacy-enhancing technology afford protection and it does not -- it
is a very tiny step in the right direction," said Privacy
International's Mr. Davies. "The message we want to give the U.S. is
why are you following an outdated libertarian philosophy when you know
it is going to cost you dearly."
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-10-29 11:40:45
@_author: David Watts 
@_subject: California Court decision on freedom of association 
In re DAVID A. ENGLEBRECHT, JR., on Habeas Corpus. No. D030992 In the Court of Appeal of the State of California Fourth Appellate District Division One (San Diego County Super. Ct. No. N76652) PETITION for writ of habeas corpus following contempt finding by
Superior Court of San Diego County for willfully violating two
provisions of a preliminary injunction. John S. Einhorn, Judge.
Petition granted in part and denied in part.  Steven J. Carroll, Public Defender and DawnElla Gilzean, Deputy
Public Defender, for Petitioner.  Paul J. Pfingst, District Attorney, Thomas F. McArdle and Anthony
Lovett, Deputy District Attorneys, for Respondent. Filed October 26, 1998  In this proceeding, we are asked to decide the constitutionality of
two provisions of a preliminary injunction, which prohibit:  " Standing, sitting, walking, driving, bicycling, gathering or
appearing anywhere in public view with any other defendant herein, or
with any other known Posole [gang] member" and  " Using or possessing pagers or beepers in any public place."  We find the non-association provision is constitutional, but the
restriction on pagers and beepers is not. DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at
