
@_date: 1996-02-21 14:13:51
@_author: David A Wagner 
@_subject: PGP integrated into Z-Mail 
NCD/Z-Mail announces that they've integrated PGP support into their
popular email client.  This is good news, folks.
A chicken in every pot, and PGP on every desktop!
ObDisclaimer: I've not tried their PGP interface; I'm not associated
Press Contacts:
Mike Harrigan			Richard Burger/Shari Dupart
NCD Software Corporation		Miller/Shandwick Technologies
(415) 919-2886			415/962-9550
mikeh at ncd.com			rburger at millerwest.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
NCD Software Unveils New Integrated Security Solution for Z-Mail for Windows, Optimizing Internet Mail Protection
New ViaCrypt PGP Solution, Customized for Z-Mail, Brings Users Special Encryption, Decryption and Digital Signature Capabilities
Software Corporation today unveiled a new optional security feature for its Z-Mail for Windows electronic messaging client, offering users the best integrated point-to-point security now available for Internet e-mail.
Software to develop and customize the integration of Z-Mail for Windows and ViaCrypt(TM) PGP(TM) software.  With just a few clicks of the mouse, Z-Mail customers using ViaCrypt PGP can now encrypt the e-mail message bodies and arbitrary data file attachments they send, as well as apply digital signatures.  Receivers can use ViaCrypt PGP to decrypt the messages and files and to verify the signatures.  NCD Software unveiled the new person-to-person security feature today at E-Mail World, Booth 434, in San Jose, CA.
software.  Based on Internet-standard protocols that include POP, SMTP and MIME, Z-Mail has been acclaimed for its ease of use and highly integrated features, including a powerful scripting language, Z-Script, for enhanced customization capabilities.
messages by simple menu selection.  The integration of ViaCrypt PGP into Z-Mail was achieved through Z-Mail's exclusive scripting capabilities and a front-end built specifically for  by ViaCrypt.  Message bodies as well as arbitrary file attachments are secured through public-key cryptography:  only the person with the corresponding private key can unlock the encrypted file. by ViaCrypt PGP, allow  users to verify that the message they received was sent by a specific person and that the message was not altered.
comes to Internet mail," said Mike Harrigan, vice president of marketing at NCD Software.  "The integrated solution of Z-Mail and ViaCrypt PGP reflects our commitment to provide our corporate customers with an easy, secure e-mail "Combined with the new ViaCrypt PGP encryption and decryption features, Z-Mail now gives users a simple point-and click solution for assuring security when conducting critical business transactions via the Internet."
at $165 for single users and $95 per user for 200-user licenses.  ViaCrypt PGP, which includes the front end that integrates it with Z-Mail for Windows, is priced at $169.00 for single users and $50 per user for 200 to 499 user licenses.  It is available now from ViaCrypt and will be available from NCD in March.
available over NCD Software's site on the World Wide Web at  or via e-mail at info at z-code.com.  ViaCrypt information is available over the Web at Network Computing Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: NCDI).  The company provides desktop information access solutions for network computing environments.  NCD Software Corporations is a major supplier of network software products, including PC-Xware software integrating Microsoft Windows and DOS-based PCs into X/UNIX networks, Marathon, a TCP/IP network foundation, and Z-Mail, a cross-platform electronic-mail and messaging system for open systems

@_date: 1996-02-28 17:28:04
@_author: David A Wagner 
@_subject: fun with the web and security 
Really?  Could you give me any pointers to read up on?
I searched extensively at  and I did find the following
excerpt in RFC1738 under Security Considerations:
   A URL-related security threat is that it is sometimes possible to
   construct a URL such that an attempt to perform a harmless idempotent
   operation such as the retrieval of the object will in fact cause a
   possibly damaging remote operation to occur.  The unsafe URL is
   typically constructed by specifying a port number other than that
   reserved for the network protocol in question.  The client
   unwittingly contacts a server which is in fact running a different
   protocol.  The content of the URL contains instructions which when
   interpreted according to this other protocol cause an unexpected
   operation. An example has been the use of gopher URLs to cause a rude
   message to be sent via a SMTP server.  Caution should be used when
   using any URL which specifies a port number other than the default
   for the protocol, especially when it is a number within the reserved
   space.
I don't think this addresses exactly the same thing I was talking
about-- I'm talking about a way to exploit arbitrary security holes,
even against machines (normally) protected inside a firewall.
It is interesting to see the caution above, though-- I was unaware of
its existence.  I also found the following in the same RFC:
   Care should be taken when URLs contain embedded encoded delimiters
   for a given protocol (for example, CR and LF characters for telnet
   protocols) that these are not unencoded before transmission.  This
   would violate the protocol but could be used to simulate an extra
   operation or parameter, again causing an unexpected and possible
   harmful remote operation to be performed.
which Netscape violates in the gopher: protocol.  However, I also note
that the same RFC specifically addresses the gopher protocol in
Section 3.4.9, and concludes that the client needs to decode embedded
%-escaped newlines and send them as true newlines to the gopher server;
thus, the RFC appears to be self-contradictory, as far as I can tell.
Netscape follows Section 3.4.9.  Furthermore, I should point out that
even if clients were changed so that they didn't unencode %-escaped
newlines in URLs for the gopher: protocol, I believe sendmail bugs
could still be exploited-- Ian has discovered a way to send arbitrary
email messages with arbitrary headers to arbitrary hosts by abusing
the mailto: URL, which should be sufficient to exploit several sendmail
bugs behind a firewall.
So was that what you were talking about, or was there more discussion?

@_date: 1996-02-29 08:26:45
@_author: David A Wagner 
@_subject: fun with the web and security 
Here's a fun way to exploit security holes via the web:
A rough representation of its contents follow.
Whee! The web is awfully convenient for exploiting security bugs.... The following URL contacts your sendmail SMTP server and attempts to exploit
an old, well-known security hole, trying to gain root access. Click _here_
to try it. As it stands, clicking on the URL above does not do anything harmful to your
machine-- but it could! (This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
This is only a test.) We can get you to send arbitrary text, to an arbitrary port on an arbitrary
host, from your machine.  (If you are inside a firewall, we can thereby send
arbitrary text to any internal machine by getting you to click on the link
above.) The technique is simple: we list the host and port in a gopher URL,
and encode the text to be sent in the path. For instance, a successful exploit of the hole could leave a backdoor root
shell, and inform us via a pseudonym at an anonymous remailer. The exploit could be hidden by use of the JavaScript "width=1,height=1"
techniques pioneered at John LoVerso's _JavaScript security hole page_; then
you wouldn't even know when you'd been attacked. The exploit could be forced on you via many standard tricks: the Redirect:
or META-EQUIV Refresh: or JavaScript mechanisms work fine, for instance. This is most dangerous when you are behind a firewall. Typically, there will
be many machines inside a firewall which run insecure software. Normally,
that would be safe, since the firewall prevents an outsider from connecting
to the unsafe sendmail servers inside-- yet the example URL above allows
outsiders like us to exploit security holes on the inside of your firewall.
Nothing stops us from putting the IP address of a vulnerable machine inside
your firewall in the URL above, and waiting for you to click on it: the
firewall doesn't prevent connections from you to the internal vulnerable
machine, and thus can't stop this attack. Using JavaScript, we don't even
have to wait for you to click on anything. Furthermore, a JavaScript program
could systematically and invisibly try all the machines inside your firewall. We could have used many other well-known security holes: there's nothing
special about this particular sendmail bug (except that it was convenient
for us to implement). Be afraid. Be very afraid.
