
@_date: 1995-09-10 12:08:56
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: Precipice remailer open for business 
The Precipice Remailer is now open for business!
Below, I have included the remailer-help file.
You can get this file by sending a message to:
  mixmaster at mix.precipice.com
with a subject of "remailer-help".
- David C. Lambert
  dcl at panix.com
  dcl at mix.precipice.com
This remailer supports both type II (Mixmaster) and type I (Ghio)
cypherpunks messages.  Help files for both are below.
Both mailers have a 5 message reordering pool, with zero default latency.
Posting to Usenet is not supported.
I consider the following to be inappropriate use of this anonymous remailer,
and will take steps to prevent anyone from doing any of the following:
   - Sending messages intended primarily to be harassing or annoying
     (this includes spam/velveeta);
   - Use of the remailer for any illegal purpose
     (death threats, kiddie porn, etc).
Don't ruin this remailer for everyone by doing something stupid
and/or illegal, and I won't be forced to assist the authorities in
crushing you like an insect.
If you don't want to receive anonymous mail, send me a message, and I will
add your email address to the block list.
You can get a list of statistics on remailer usage by sending mail to
mixmaster at mix.precipice.com with Subject: remailer-stats
Have a nice day.
- David C. Lambert
  dcl at mix.precipice.com
The type I PGP key is:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
The Mixmaster key is:
precipice mixmaster at mix.precipice.com 05fef5887ac55dfe7379d0ef4a2a0c4b 2.0.1
-----Begin Mix Key-----
-----End Mix Key-----
TYPE II INFO (Mixmaster 2.0.1)
This is a Mixmaster remailer. It provides an extremely high level of security.
To use it, you must have a client program to produce the messages.
This software is available from ftp://nately.ucsd.edu/pub/remail
Read the README file for instructions. This file is export restricted,
so it can not be retrieved directly.
Some information can be sent to you by the remailer by including the
following commands (one per message) in the subject line of mail to the
  remailer-help		This file.
  remailer-stats	Usage statistics for the last 24 hours.
  remailer-key		The mixmaster key file for this remailer.
A list of remailers is available from ftp://nately.ucsd.edu/pub/remail,
 and will be posted periodically to
alt.privacy.anon-server and other privacy related groups.
TYPE 1 INFO (Ghio 2.0)
I have an automated mail handling program installed here which will take
any message with the proper headers and automatically re-send it anonymously.
You can use this by sending a message to mixmaster at mix.precipice.com, with the
header Anon-To: containing the address that you want to send anonymously to.
(Only one recipient address is permitted.)  If you can't add headers to your
mail, you can place two colons on the first line of your message, followed
by the Anon-To line.  Follow that with a blank line, and then begin your
message.  For Example:
The above would be delivered to beth at univ.edu anonymously.  All headers in
the original message are removed, with the exception of the Subject (and
Content-Type, if present).  She would not know that it came from Joe, nor
would she be able to reply to the message.
However, if Beth suspected that Joe had sent the message, she could compare
the time that the message was received with the times that Joe was logged
in.  However, this problem can be avoided by instructing the remailer to
delay the message, by using the Latent-Time header:
The above message would be delayed one hour from when it is sent.  It is also
possible to create a random delay by adding an r to the time (ie +1:00r),
which would have the message be delivered at a random time, but not more
than an hour.
Another problem is that some mailers automatically insert a signature file.
Of course, this usually contains the senders email address, and so would
reveal their identity.  The remailer software can be instructed to remove
a signature file with the header "Cutmarks".  Any line beginning with the
same text at in the cutmarks header, and any lines following it will be
You can add additional headers to the output message by preceeding them
with By separating messages with cutmarks, you can send more than one message
at once:
The two messages will be delivered separately.
For added security, you can encrypt your messages to the remailer with PGP.
The remailer software will decrypt the message and send it on.  Here is the
remailer's public key:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
To utilize this feature, create a message with two colons on the first line,
then the Anon-To line, then any other headers, such as cutmarks or latency,
then a blank line, and then the message.  Encrypt this with the remailer's
public key.  Then send it to the remailer, adding the header "Encrypted: PGP".
If you forget this, the remailer won't know that it needs to be decrypted.
Also be sure to use the -t option with PGP, or the linefeeds might not be
handled properly.
Any unencrypted text after the PGP message is also remailed.  This is to
allow sending to someone who is anonymous.  If you create a PGP-encrypted
message to yourself via my remailer, and then you give it to someone, they
can send you a message by sending the encrypted message to the remailer.
The remailer will then decrypt it and send it to you.  The message gets
anonymized in the process, so the sender will need to include a return
address if he wants a reply.
Messages sent this way can be encrypted using the Encrypt-Key: feature.
Any text following a line beginning with ** will be encrypted with this
key.  For example, if you put in your PGP message:
The appended message after the ** will be encrypted with the key "your_password", using PGP's conventional encryption option.

@_date: 1995-09-13 09:10:59
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: An opportunity not to be missed 
It has occurred to me with the approach of the presidential campaign
in the US (and its attendant press frenzy), that there is an an
unprecedentedly vast opportunity to bring certain items on the
cypherpunk platform into the public spotlight.
There are two planks of this platform that I believe:
  1. would benefit from this exposure;
  2. would be relatively easy to inoculate among the press
     and/or the candidates (actually, inoculation of the
     candidates, with subsequent propagation by the rabid
     campaign press).
The first of these has to do with net.censorship, and formal
recognition under law of ISPs' common carrier status.  The second
concerns remailers.  I'll deal with each in turn.
I believe that, given the hunger of the candidates for as much
exposure as possible, that one of them might be persuaded to take a
part in the Scientology fracas.  (This would have to happen fairly
soon, since it looks like the Church  is losing some major
battles lately - the brand new news from Denver re:FACTnet and the
ruling in VA concerning Arnie Lerma and the Washington Post).  The
desirable features of such a candidate might include: a certain amount
of current power, marginal current press exposure, fairly deep
pocketed financing, an anti- regulatory stance, and a smidgeon of net
awareness.  It should be fairly straightforward to convince such a
candidate that:
  1. there would be tremendous increase in exposure due to
     the songs of praise from netizens (whose influence is most
     likely to be overly discounted by campaign strategists,
     IMHO, at this point in time), and from the mainstream press
     (especially Time magazine and the Washington Post, for obvious
     reasons).
  2. that the exposure would be worth the peril of inviting
     the wrath of the Church .
The payback of the press coverage of such a candidate would be infection
of John Q. Public with the idea that ISPs are no more responsible for
content of carried messages than the phone company, and an anti-censorship
stance that does not make him (John Q.) pro-porn.  This last is a huge
flaw in the current battle for free speech on the net, IMO.  (Thank
you Marty Rimm.)  If this issue could be refocused, I think that
John Q. (and Jane) would find it much easier to support.
The second plank that could be potentially advanced is anonymity.  Anonymous
remailers in particular, but the benefits of anonymity to users of the
Net in general as well.
I propose that we get some likely candidate (actually, a similar candidate
to the one above) to advocate the benefits of anonymity on the net.  The
"spin" that would have to be used would depend on the particular candidate,
but let's for example we have:
     Candidate Posturing                    Required Spin
     -----------------------------------------------------------------
     Pro-business, tough on crime           anonymous crime tip e-mail
                                            a la Fed whistleblower stuff,
                                            and the SPA
     Pro-choice, womens' vote               anonymous support services
Of course, there are many more examples, but we'd have to see which postures
this campaign's candidates are going to pick.  Of course, I am somewhat
cynical in my advocation of the particular "Required Spins" (the SPA support,
especially), but I feel that the threats to privacy and public use of strong
encryption (which walks hand in hand with the use of the remailers, naturally)
are worth the potential risk on other fronts (the burgeoning software patent
silliness, eg).
You may ask why these candidates would be interested in this type of thing,
and my response is that they can be forced.  The religious right has no
problem bringing their agenda into the public spotlight and forcing their
issues onto candidates because of their willingness to use hyperbole and fanaticism (not to mention pressure on advertisers and other sponsors).
I believe that netizens in general, and cypherpunks in particular can
bring similar, and more reasoned, pressure to bear.  I think that our
job is easier than the religious right because it should be trivial to
enlist the support of the mainstream press on these issues, and to direct
the anti-federal ire that has been building in the US.  In addition,
Democratic candidates that are currently in office would love to have some
way of attacking the Republican plans for this session of Congress.  An
attack on net.censorship via the CDA and the telecomm bill could be seen
as the ideal place to attack the Republican agenda, and thereby the
success of Republican candidates in the presidential race.
Let the flames begin.
- - David C. Lambert
  dcl at panix.com
  (finger for public key)

@_date: 1995-09-13 11:57:21
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: An opportunity not to be missed 
This is a well made point, and I certainly do not claim to be one
of those who has an internal understanding of the political process.
I submit that the frenzied coverage of the presidential campaign
*severely reduces* the required knowledge, means and money, needed
to raise issues to the fore, and that furthermore, a lot of the "means
and money" that you mention are used for communication and organization.
Of course, an organized campaign on the Net is essentially free,
but for the cost in time.  It is my opinion that the political power
of the Net is just starting to awaken, and that a perception of
impotence in the political process, is just that - a perception.
David C. Lambert
dcl at panix.com
(finger for PGP public key)

@_date: 1995-09-14 07:28:31
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: Crimestoppers anon tip mailbox 
I might be.
Excellent idea.  Then it could be brought to the attention of a candidate
or two that have net.crime on their agendas.
                                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Well, I don't know about the last part - it seems to me that opinions
would be mixed.
The only thing that I'm not sure of is the use of ecash - mostly
because I haven't really been keeping track of the state of the
art.  Could some people who are better informed on the subject
discuss whether this is a feasible way to use it?
I wasn't actually thinking of rewards, mostly because you'd have to
arrange some sort of reply block from the anonymous tip mailbox.
Most people (even remailer users) don't know how or don't wish to
use these, so I don't know if that part would really fly.
David C. Lambert
dcl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-14 09:25:16
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: Crimestoppers anon tip mailbox 
Right - this was an abduction case in Florida, if memory serves.
I don't see that as a problem.  I'm about to set up at least one of these
myself, and I believe that there are others around - please correct me
if I'm wrong.
In any case, there needn't be a web page to do the actual reporting.
There can be web pages to advertise, and then a simple maildrop for
the tips.  You could even arrange that the maildrop send everything
to a remailer for delivery to a non-advertised address for an extra
layer of protection (in case someone forgot to use a remailer to send
the tip in the first place, or they screwed up in a way that revealed
their identity).
David C. Lambert
dcl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-15 13:36:37
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful 
Two of the responses to the "An opportunity..." post unapologetically
admitted that they refused to read the text of the message due to the
presence of the word "cypherpunk" in the first sentence.
Shows you what we're up against.
BTW, I'm not for changing the name of the list, but I do see the logic
in a more establishment-friendly name to use when lobbying the public.
David C. Lambert
dcl at panix.com
(finger for PGP public key)

@_date: 1995-09-17 10:16:06
@_author: David C. Lambert 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful 
I believe you misstate the point that people are trying to make.
I haven't seen anyone advocating the "watering down" of any so-called
"teachings" to "hide" any "true potential".  The only thing that people
have mentioned is that some of the less clueful out there have a knee
jerk response to the name "cypherpunk".  That's all.
No.  Please enlighten us.
And this matters because...?
What exactly is it that you feel "the citizens of their respective
nations" are doing right now, if not this?
If this is the case, then I'm at a loss to understand how you fail to see
the merit in a "term-sanitizing", as you put it, in order to make the use
of strong crypto desired and required by Joe Sixpack.  How do you expect
the legality of string crypto to survive unless Joe and his friends exert
political pressure to keep it alive?  Isn't it obvious that unless this
happens, that strong (unescrowed) crypto is on the path to being outlawed
(at least in the US, and several other countries)?
Elitist or not, this is beside the point.  People are bringing up political
and rhetorical concerns because they feel that political and persuasive
methods are required *right now* in order to preserve the *legality* of strong crypto.  I only care about whether Joe Sixpack wants strong crypto
because if I can't persuade him that he does, he won't help me keep it
legal in my country of residence.  Once it's legality seems safe(r) from
attack, he can go on using rot13 for all I care.
David C. Lambert
dcl at panix.com
(finger for PGP public key)
