
@_date: 1994-12-02 21:40:01
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: ERIK HUGHES: EGOTISTICAL PRICK 
FWIW, I know Eric and can spell his name properly. From the numerous times
I've been in his presence, it's my humble opinion that he's about the
furthest thing from the bozo described in this flame that I can imagine.
Whoever posted this rudeness is cruelly clue-challenged about Eric's
character. From the content of his/her attack, this person should really
apologize, but from the puerility of it, I doubt the author is mature
enough to admit it. BTW, Eric was and is an early and consistent
contributor of quality thinking to this list as far back as I can remember,
which is early '92, has donate a lot of time and effort to helping maintain
it, and I have no problem with him being photographed or known as a
"founder." He's never in any way abused or even preened about it, afaik,
and seems appropriately non-egotistical at all times, both in person and in
I'm pretty sick of ad hominem attacks like this on the net, but they usualy
emanate from sleep-deprived teenagers with no manners who post anonymously,
and not from responsible individuals trying to add a voice of humility to
an important debate. Laugh it off, Eric, and ignore it (as I know you
As for the idea of mandatory signatures: on the surface it's a pain and I
don't much like it, but then, it does do an important thing in promoting
"verifiable" posts. I don't post much material to the list (mostly I learn
from you guys), and don't find it particularly onerous. Someone who
contributes regularly might find it an inconvenience. Lots of things are
way more inconvenient, if you ask me (like applying for an FOIA report). I
think it might have the positive side-effect of providing an incentive for
people to post meaningful information, and not lots of noise to the list
(thereby somewhat diminishing the high volume). What effect does it have on
anonymity, though? That could be a serious sticking point: as much as I
dislike flames and idiocy from anonymous posters, I will defend their right
to post anonymously regardless of how unpleasantly it smells.
   dave
 "Even the mad scientists called me crazy!"

@_date: 1994-12-09 08:56:24
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: BofA+Netscape 
I thought many of you would be interested in the text of this story. I'm
wondering if anyone has any comments on the excryption mechanism (i.e.
"eavesdropping" protection) being used. I believe, from my visits to the
Netscape (formerly Mosaic) Communications Inc. offices that they are using
RSA, but I'm not sure how *secure* their implementation is (eg. key size,
etc.). I'll be contacting my local branch to inquire as to how soon I'll be
able to use the service and will post my experiences with it as soon as
This development certainly signals a major breakthrough in E$ technology.
   dave
 "Money is the root of all Evil. Send $9.95 for more info."
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= cut here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Bank of America Goes Online With Credit Card Service
By David Einstein, Chronicle Staff Writer
   In a major step toward electronic commerce, Bank of America announced
yesterday it will launch a system next month for processing credit card
transactions on the Internet.
   The bank, second largest in the United States after Citicorp, will use
software from Netscape Communications to make it safe for merchants and
consumers to do business online.
   Lack of a secure way to transmit credit card information has been the
biggest obstacle to conducting business on the Internet, a global computer
network reaching some 30 million people.
   "Secure payment processing is a critical element to making elec tronic
commerce happen," said Netscape spokeswoman Rosanne Siino. She called the
BofA announcement "a pretty big deal for us." Netscape's software
incorporates data encryption that protects online communications from
eavesdroppers. It also gives both parties in a transaction the ability to
verify each other's identity.
   BofA intends to market its new service to merchants for whom it
currently processes ordinary credit card transactions. The service will be
free to consumers, who will be able to make purchases with almost any
major credit card.
   Officials of the San Francisco based bank said they do not expect online
processing to generate a flood of business immediately. "We anticipate
that the maturity of this product is going to take a year if not years to
develop," said Jim Aviles, vice president of marketing for BofA Merchant
   Electronic shopping is not expected to catch on until the public gains
widespread, low-cost access to the Internet. Full access is still
expensive and not available everywhere.
   Netscape, an 8-month-old company based in Mountain View, is one of the
leading makers of software used to navigate the Internet via a Windowslike
interface. One of the company's founders is Marc Andreessen, the
23-year-old whiz kid who developed Mosaic, the navigation program that
ignited interest in the Internet last year.
   Yesterday's announcement was the latest in a series of deals involving
Netscape. Late last month, MCI said it would use the company's technology
as the core of its planned internetMCI electronic shopping service.
San Francisco Chronicle  6 December 94
(Business) Section D, Pg 1 ("D1")
- -30-

@_date: 1994-12-09 13:34:08
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Netscape SSL protocol URL 
Check out:
   First few lines reproduced below. Sorry no sign on this one, must jet now!
   dave
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= cut here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
The SSL Protocol
The SSL protocol has been submitted to the W3O working group on security
for consideration as part of a general security approach for the Web, and
we are actively working within the W3O and with many of its member entities
on establishing open security standards for the net.
This protocol specification was last revised on November 29th, 1994. Recent
changes include:
        a fundamental correction to the client-certificate authentication
            protocol,
        the removal of the username/password messages,
        corrections in some of the cryptographic terminology,
        the addition of a MAC to the messages [see section 1.2],
        the allowance for different kinds of message digest algorithms.
Internet Data Security Document
Experimental                                             Kipp E.B. Hickman
Request For Comments: XXXX                   Netscape Communications Corp.
                                              Last Update: Nov. 29th, 1994
                                  The SSL Protocol
Status of this Memo
       This RFC specifies a security protocol for the Internet community,
and requests discussion and suggestions for improvements. Distribution of
this memo is unlimited.
       This document specifies the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, a
security protocol that provides privacy over the Internet. The protocol
allows client/server applications to communicate in a way that cannot be
eavesdropped. Server's are always authenticated and clients are optionally

@_date: 1994-12-13 01:44:02
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: THREAD X: subject y 
"And Now, For Something Completely Different"
I wish all subject fields in msg headers had two parts:
   1. the THREAD begin referred to.
   2. the SUBJECT of that particular msg.
That way, I might be able to follow some of these discussions better. Sure,
I can hear you saying it right now: "Jeeze, Dave, dontchaknow MIME can do
that?" Sure, but we all know that's beside the Real Issue. We on this list
once, looong ago, experimented with META: prefixes to do this, but no one
here (or anywhere, to be fair) seems disciplined enough to stick to this.
I don't have any proposal anymore. I gave up on trying to fix the world a
long time ago. I just struggle along with everyone else and occasionally
whine a bit to my Congressperson. No that's a lie: I'm MAD as hell and I'm
not gonna take it anymore! Yeah! That's it!
   dave
 "You can put your shoes in the oven, but that don't make 'em biscuits."

@_date: 1994-12-13 21:08:11
@_author: ddt at lsd.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
X-PGP Key ID: 4AAF00E5
X-PGP Fprint: 30D81F3484E6A83F 6EC8D7F0CAB3D265
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
A Keyserver Dilemma:
Through the good graces of one Craig Steinberger, I discovered that the
keyserver Michael Graff runs at Iowa State has an old, defunct key for me.
Naturally, I've tried to update it, but am not sure if I was successful
yet, but here's my question: Is there a mechanism for deleting your own key
from a keyserver's ring without revoking it? I think not, on the surface of
it, it goes against general key hygiene procedures. History: I sent that
512 key to two people almost two years ago as a test and never used it
since. Apparently it got put on someone's keyring and transferred to Iowa
at some point. (Note: _I_ never added it to any keyserver, so there's a
problem with posting other people's keys and not telling them that also
needs addressing here.) Now, since I never expected to use that key again,
I deleted the secret half of the pair, and hence am unable to revoke it.
Asking Michael nicely to remove it from Iowa (which requires a certain
measure of trust most keyserver-owners might not extend under normal
conditions) is fine. But what about all the other keyservers that propagate
the bogus key all over (and back to Iowa)? How can one deal with that
Key management is one of my _least_ favorite aspects of PGP. grrrrr...
BTW, my (good) key is available at:
   ftp.netcom.com:/pub/dd/ddt/crypto/ddt-PGP-key.txt
My apologies to anyone who hasn't been able to verify my signatures because
of the bogus key.
   dave
 "To solve a maze, start at the cheese and mouse backwards."

@_date: 1994-12-13 21:08:28
@_author: ddt at lsd.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
X-PGP Key ID: 4AAF00E5
X-PGP Fprint: 30D81F3484E6A83F 6EC8D7F0CAB3D265
Well, yes, it does get a BIT junked-up at times (mea culpa).
No, I don't rely on Netcom to store it for me, I POP back it to my home
machine and fill the nooks and crannies on my HD before I archive it all to
big, monthly searchable text files (which lay compressed at the botton of
another drive hanging off my home ether). But that's just me: when I first
subscribed in 92 from Budapest (gaak! telecom hell!), I had a very funky
and expensive connection and it was a "nagy" pain in the ass. Of course,
the volume back then wasn't quite as... "intense."
I'm sympathetic to that: if there's a better way to do it, I'm all eyes.
As far as trial balloons float, it's not a horrible one, BUT: while I
applaud the intent, the method sorta suc-er-(let's see...  on Engineer's
New Terminology list...from October's FUN10 list ... ah here we go: "WE
WILL LOOK INTO IT"(1). Besides the feasibility problems that Timothy
mentioned (Netcom bonking files after a while), I'm just convinced that
getting Netcom to do somthing this _complex_ would be *UTTERLY IMPOSSIBLE*.
I mean, they don't return phone calls, they don't answer support mail
(well, almost never), and it took them three-and-a-half-months (yes, you
read that correctly) to find the 2 minutes to set up an anon ftp directory
for one of my clients (still no explanation for that, btw). Not to mention
that certain dept managers there have a tendency to "work around the
truth." Now, you tell ME that they can handle something like a local ng (no
smirking, now!). Hell, they can't handle the quotidian business they HAVE
much less something "technical." Uh, flame off. Yikes. Sorry 'bout that,
lads. It's just that I can think of other things I'd prefer to RAM up my
butt than more Netcom hassles. Wait a minnit: isn't this alt.netcom.sucks?
Oh dear, I wanted the room down the hall. Excuse me.
Also, did someone (Tim?) mention that Netcom filters all our packets to the
NSA? I'd like to know how anyone could ping that out, but maybe it might be
a good idea all the same if we just try to set up our own box overseas. If
it could give us a bit more security/fewer intrusions, I'd send the
Hack-Tik boys (fer example) in A'dam some fraction of my pathetic bank
account to get it up (in the red light district, perhaps, wouldn't _that_
be appropriate?), and/or maybe someone who shall remain nameless with the
initials JG might be overcome by philanthropism (yet again) and help us put
an old unused box online "somewhere". I'm just thrashing here, but maybe
there's kernel of a worthwhile idea here (all puns intended, always). What
about Arthur Abraham? Arthur?
This might be viable, but sick puppy that I am, I LIKE getting all this
mail dumped on my machine from Eric's remailer. I kind of understand Tim's
point: with the files local, I can browse/search at will at greater speeds,
etc. And ruthless deletion is the only way to survive the onslaught. Of
course, this all means I can never go on vacation unless I unsub for the
duration, or else I DO get those dorky "your mailbox is full" msgs from
you-know-who.  s i g h
Screeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-oops, sorry, forgot to turn my radio down.
   dave
[1] Which means: "Forget it! We have enough problems right now."
 "I'm quite confident about the Republicans salvaging the Economy:
  heck, look what a swell job they're doing down in Orange County!"

@_date: 1994-12-15 06:55:18
@_author: ddt at lsd.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
X-PGP Key ID: 4AAF00E5
X-PGP Fprint: 30D81F3484E6A83F 6EC8D7F0CAB3D265
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
[parts from a separate thread w/ Derek]
Why is it possible for someone other than ME to add MY key to a keyserver?
I realize that at some point (perhaps only the first time you submit a
key?), there has to be some trust model employed, but it seems like this
anyone-can-submit-anyone-else's-key situation offers a very obvious attack:
anyone could propagate bogus keys across the net by just generating bogus
keys with someone else's email/name on them, leading to massive
impersonation problems.
Maybe I'm missing something obvious, but it seems like there should be a
more rigorous method available to, and employed by, keyserver operators for
verifying someone's identity before accepting a key submitted (supposedly)
by them. Shouldn't the key submission msg itself at minimum be required to
be contained within a signed msg from someone with enough "nearness" in
trust levels from some trusted introducer known to the keyserver op? I
thought this sort of situation was precisely the reason for the trust level
system in PGP in the first place.
This may be a can of worms (or not), but if cpunks require fairly decent
methods for verifying the identities of people who want to trade keys with
them personally, then it seems keyservers should require at LEAST that
level of verification (or better).
I'd like to CLEAR/REMOVE ALL keys from ALL keyservers that are:
  - attributed to me by others (without my knowledge)
  - added by others (unknown to me)
  - purporting to have been generated by me)
and start with a tabula rasa. Maybe in a few weeks, once all these (what I
consider to be) bogus keys are GONE, I can add my actual key to a
There doesn't seem to be any elegant mechanism available for doing this
yet, but I'm ready to be educated on this point. Any comments?
   dave

@_date: 1994-12-17 07:41:04
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: MACPGP: developers? 
Could the folks currently working on the (new?) MacPGP implementation (any
version, any country) please identify themselves to me in private email? I
have some brief questions, and have not been able to raise Zig (nor do I
want to bother Phil). Thanks!
    dave
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-12-17 08:49:28
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: LIST: calmness 
Let me be brief so you can hit the "d" key quickly...      :)
Please don't go, Tim. You are a very valuable asset. Lurk if you must...
Everybody: _please_ tone down the "language," and focus, focus, focus.
Let's all try to be more diplomatic. There's value in diplomacy.
Let's continue to discuss Netscape, but NICELY. They deserve some respect.
Enough MIME stuff for now! MIME is nifty, but this is about Crypto.
Reset brain to a low-emotion state, post calmly. Let it stew before sending.
Keep this list alive, tend it like a garden. It's important.
   dave

@_date: 1994-12-19 10:32:39
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: FTP: qwerty site gone, crypto files needed 
Michael Paul Johnson  and I are wondering what happened to
. He's apparently dropped his Netcom account and thus
the handy Crypto-related files he used to keep there are not available to
the world. If anyone has any idea of the whereabouts of Mr. Qwerty and/or
his files, please contact me at  and fill me in, so I can
arrange to put the files back up in my FTP directory as a public service
and so Mike can update his "Where to get PGP" FAQ to reflect the new site.
  dave

@_date: 1994-12-20 01:28:15
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Callback phones 
----- The following addresses had delivery problems -----
  (unrecoverable error)
   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
... while talking to halcyon.halcyon.com.:
<<< 550 ... User unknown
550 ... User unknown

@_date: 1994-12-20 18:01:52
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: GUI: PGP vs novices 
It's time for dave's quarterly "why are we here" post:
Well, the good news is that people in "the mainstream" are beginning to
notice PGP and discuss the need for its existence. The bad news is that PGP
is not really ready for them.
As a system administrator for many novice users (hundreds at a time in the
past), I can say with humble authority that PGP, no matter how trivially
simple it may seem to us, is well beyond the ken of most users (I won't
attempt to put a %age on them, let's just say it's well into the 90's).
And it's not like no-one's noticing either:
- From a pure cost:benefit ratio, PGP is not yet a useful tool for most
users. I hate to frame it in such "'mersh" terms when the flow on this list
is largely fascinating crypto-math or splendidly colorful insults, but
let's admit our dirty little secret: PGP won't be widespread, people won't
really appreciate all the good crypto work being done here and repressive
government agencies and paranoid lawmakers will continue to whittle away at
electronic privacy rights until the day that PGP becomes a widely-used,
viable commercial utility. All you ViaCrypt people just sit tight: I'll get
to you below. :)
I was particularly dis-Mayed by the initial reception that the Netscape
folks received here. The Netscape/BofA posting I made recently obviously
touched a nerve and well it should. I can certainly understand why Timothy
would get CPO (completely pissed off) and want to take a vacation after
some of the flotsam I saw drifting by here. As others have noted, some of
your remarks were ill-considered and lacked tact. That doesn't make you bad
people: I open mouth and insert foot now and then myself, but it's a good
thing to consider next time an earnest startup working on a devilishly
fasttrack schedule and trying to incorporate crypto comes online here.
Let me take this opportunity to offer an olive branch to the Netscape
people. Your first shot with SSL is "okay," and I'll do what little I can
to help you find/implement/test something better (even if you never return
my phone calls, Tom Paquin!).
Now then, if you'll bear with me:

@_date: 1994-12-23 15:21:31
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: B-PGP: news/requests 
Note: I'm meta-prefixing this "B-PGP" to indicate the "Beginner-PGP" thread.
FYI, any of you who haven't heard should be pleased to know that Steve
Dorner is working with Zig Fiedorowicz on integrating ViaCrypt PGP/Mac
functions into Eudora (on the Mac, at least, which is a good starting
point). This is a major step forward, since Eudora is so POPular :) and
this could certainly increase sales of ViaCrypt's s/w as well. In the
meantime, I'm looking at the AppleEvent scripts that have been made public
and will make comments on them soon.
Anyone who's up-to-date on current Mac or Windows version development (Hal
Hildebrandt?) is encouraged to contact me, per Phil's request. I just want
to make sure everyone gets what they need and that the left hand knows what
the right hand is doing, etc. I'll set up an FTP directory "somewhere" for
a central repository if anyone feels it's necessary (location to be
announced elsewhere).
BTW, I'm starting work on a Beginner's PGP-FAQ and would appreciate any
question/answer pairs anyone would care to submit. Please keep them simple:
they are aimed at an AOL-ish user level. The final document should be
extremely non-technical, non-threatening and about three pages long
maximum. In it, I will describe the History of the Entire Cryptographic
World in 4000 words or less. :)  I'm calling the 3-Minute Shakespeare
Troupe next week for pointers on how to accomplish this...
Speaking of AOL, does anyone know anyone on the current Internet
development team there? I used to exchange email with some
internet-oriented guys there back in '90-'91 but I wonder if anyone is in
current contact - I'd like to discuss the possible integration of PGP into
the AOL client software. That would effectively put PGP in a couple of
million users hands PDQ. With all the bidness activity there of late, it
seems to me there's a need that could be filled quite nicely.
Notice Brad didn't even mention his MOM yet. I once tried to explain PGP to
my Mom. "That's very nice, dear," was about the breadth of her reaction,
but I still put a box on her desk and set her up with a key, even if she
won't use it yet (ever? hey, she's a mom, Okay?). Now, if it was a real
point-n-click maneuver, it might have a snowballs' chance in hell with her,
but until then...
Indeed. I'm hoping the upcoming versions of mainstream PGP (Mac/Win) will
allow for a bit more modularity in the apps. I.e. it would be nice if you
could "plug in" various functions, so that you could build up the app's
features as a user gained more sophistication, but this may be way beyond
the v3.0 scope. More on this idea later, as it more directly relates to
system software extensions than PGP application stuff.
Let me describe briefly for you all (and everyone is encouraged to type up
a similarly brief log of what they do on their machines so we have a UI
comparison table) what I deal with when I encrypt a msg on the Mac. Keep in
mind that I have worked very hard to streamline the process as much as
possible, and that this is before installing the AppleEvent scripts. It's
not difficult for me, but for someone without a clue... well, they get two
steps in, stare at the screen and eventually bag it.
type msg body (in Eudora).
select text
copy to Mac clipboard (system)
switch to PGP with macro
Encrypt (or Sign) menu command
[PGP reads the clipboard here, a wonderful improvement thanks to ...Zig?]
enter passphrase
[PGP outputs encrypted text to clipboard, wipes temp file]
macro back to Eudora.
paste clipboard back into msg body
Now, all of this is easily scriptable: I once did it with a long
complicated macro, but it was s l o w, so I bagged that idea - it didn't
even use system level events. I'm hoping the new AE scripts will handle
most of this, but it SHOULD all be done in the application layer by Eudora
with direct calls to PGP in the bg (see above annc re Steve Dorner), which
is the current direction. Let's hope ViaCrypt's new AE support will allow
for this (Zig? hello?).
IMPORTANT: Anyone currently working on an PGP versions is hereby requested
to mail me regarding the coordination of development efforts. Mail Phil
with questions about this.
ALSO: There will/should be a group discussion at the upcoming physical
meeting on the 14th which both Phil and I will be attending. Please bring
your keys/laptops/floppies for signing.
Over and out,
   dave
Speaking of "term limits," hasn't Rush Limbaugh gotten enough attention?

@_date: 1994-12-24 05:39:21
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: FRAUD: Progress & Freedom on the Web-Frontier? 
Apologies for this not-so-crypto posting, but this is highly interesting
for those who might've missed it. Note the references to our new $4M
Newtonian Speaker of the House...
   dave
Speaking of "term limits," hasn't Rush Limbaugh gotten enough attention?
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= cut here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                T H E  N E T W O R K  O B S E R V E R
  VOLUME 1, NUMBER 12                                DECEMBER 1994
  The future of network politics.
  In the December 1994 issue of Wired (page 121) there appears
  an ad for something called The Progress and Freedom Foundation.
  Under the headline "Cyberspace: It's Nobody's Highway", this
  advertisement announces the availability of a "Magna Carta for
  the Knowledge Age".  Small type at the bottom informs us that
  this document ...
    ... emerged from an August 23-24 conference in Atlanta,
    Georgia.  Participants included Jerry Berman, Esther Dyson,
    John Gage, George Gilder, Jay Keyworth, Lewis Perelman,
    Michael Rothschild and Alvin Toffler.  Major support for the
    conference was provided by BELLSouth and the Competitive Long
    Distance Coalition.  Additional support was provided by Agorics
    Enterprises, Inc., AT&T, Cox Enterprises, J.L. Dearlove and
    Affiliates, Forbes, Scientific Atlanta, Video Tape Associates
    and Wired.  Creative Consulting and Ad Production by J.L.
    Dearlove & Affiliates, Chicago, IL.
  Regarding the Magna Carta itself, it provides the e-mail address
  PFF at aol.com and some phone numbers,
    or, if you must, cross your fingers and send POM to 1250 H St.
    NW, Suite 550 Washington, DC 20005.
  Listen to the language.  If you must?  It's as though they're
  trying to talk jive to ingratiate themselves with the kids on the
  street.  They don't even have a home page.
  So who are these folks?  The ad says that:
    The Progress & Freedom Foundation believes cyberspace is a
    frontier, not a government project.
  We can learn a little more by turning to journalistic accounts.
  For example, in the 12/12/94 Wall Street Journal's article on
  Republican plans for the Food and Drug Administration (page A16),
  we read the following:
    In September, Rep. [Newt] Gingrich [incoming Speaker of the
    House] told a biotechnology trade group that he was launching
    a project to design a replacement for the FDA.  Leading the
    effort is the Progress and Freedom Foundation, whose head,
    Jeffrey Eisenach, formerly ran Gopac, Mr. Gingrich's political
    action committee.  Without apology, Mr. Eisenach acknowledges
    that drug companies are financial contributors to the
    foundation, and notes that drug companies will be involved in
    the project.  And he dismisses suggestions that drug-company
    involvement could taint the results.  "So I should go to Ralph
    Nader and do it?" he says.  "That's silly".
  So the Progress and Freedom Foundation is active on more than
  just telecommunications issues.  But it is not just an industry
  lobbying organization.  In particular, the connection to Gopac is
  not at all coincidental.  The purpose of Gopac has been to train
  conservative Republican candidates in the particularly aggressive
  style of politicking that Mr. Gingrich pioneered during his early
  days in Congress, and the Progress and Freedom Foundation may
  contribute to a generalization of this model.
    [By 1994] "Newt World" was now far-flung, from GOPAC to the
    National Republican Congressional Campaign Committee; the
    Friends of Newt Gingrich campaign committee; a weekly TV show
    on the conservative cable TV network, National Empowerment
    Television, and a think tank called the Progress and Freedom
    Foundation.
    Its messages were coordinated with talk-show hosts such as
    Rush Limbaugh and with Christian Coalition groups.  [...]
    "The goal of this project is simple", Jeffrey A. Eisenach,
    director of the Progress and Freedom Foundation, wrote in a
    fund-raising letter.  "To train, by April, 1996, 200,000-plus
    citizens into a model for replacing the welfare state and
    reforming our government."  (LA Times 12/19/94, page A31)
  What can we expect from this rising army?  The Gopac's record
  provides some evidence.  Much has been written about the tactics
  that Gopac suggested to its candidates.  An article about Gopac
  leader Joe Gaylord (Wall Street Journal, 8 December 1994, page
  A18), for example, says:
    Mr. Gaylord is one of the brains behind Gopac ... .  [He]
    wrote its how-to textbook, which urges challengers to "go
    negative" early and "never back off".  They must sometimes
    ignore voters' main concerns because "important issues
    can be of limited value".  The book suggests looking for a
    "minor detail" to use against opponents, pointing to Willie
    Horton as a good example.  Though it says a positive proposal
    also can be helpful, it counsels candidates to consider the
    consequences: "Does it help, or at least not harm, efforts to
    raise money?"  Mr. Gingrich has called the book "absolutely
    brilliant".
  Even more has been written about the most famous Gopac document,
    ... a memo by Gingrich called "Language, a Key Mechanism of
    Control", in which the then-House minority whip gave candidates
    a glossary of words, tested in focus groups, to sprinkle
    in their rhetoric and literature.  For example, it advised
    characterizing Democrats with such words as "decay, sick,
    pathetic, stagnation, corrupt, waste, traitors".  (LA Times,
    12/19/94, pages A31)
  In my view, though, the most significant feature of Newt World
  is not its language, which is certainly fascinating, or its
  association with industry, which is hardly surprising or novel,
  but rather its use of technology.  Mr. Gingrich is a pioneer in
  the use of new technologies to build a political movement.  I do
  have to hand it to him -- he has worked hard and he has a genius
  for political organizing.  Having observed in the early 1980's
  that candidates spend a lot of dead time on the road traveling
  around during campaigns, he hit upon the idea of sending them
  videos and other materials about campaigning.  This is what Gopac
  did.  As time went on, they generalized this model to include
  scheduled conference calls and video broadcasts in which
  Mr. Gingrich and others would provide campaigners with advice
  about messages and methods.
  How does this model scale to 200,000-plus people?  Well, at that
  point it starts to sound a lot like the information superhighway
  -- a technology for centralized broadcast of programs to a group
  that isn't the "mass audience" of conventional TV broadcasting
  but is distributed across the country.  More tailored programming
  could be distributed as well -- to particular geographical
  regions, to activists on particular issues, and so forth.  It's
  not a decentralized model like the Internet, but then it's not
  the political vision that normally goes with the Internet either.
  It's closer to the asymmetrical distribution model found in the
  plans of many cable and regional phone companies -- some of whom,
  you might recall, sponsored the Progress and Freedom Foundation's
  conference.
  This is not to say that Newt Gingrich and company are engaged
  in a conspiracy against the Internet.  After all, Mr. Gingrich
  has made some encouraging statements about making Congressional
  materials available to citizens on the Internet, and this
  is certainly a good and laudable thing.  The situation and the
  participants' views are often complicated.  The point is that
  technologies are not neutral.  Technologies certainly do not
  determine how they will be used, but neither are they simply
  tools that can be used for any old purpose at all.  Rather,
  technologies and social forms evolve together, according to the
  affordances of the machinery and the forces of the social system.
  None of this coevolution goes simply or smoothly in practice, of
  course, nor is any of it inevitable.  As the Internet illustrates
  extremely well, machines frequently have uses that nobody ever
  thought of, and these can often be resources for people wishing
  to engage in genuine, bottom-up democracy.  The machines can't
  restore the health of our democracy, though -- we have to do that
  ourselves.  And in doing so, we need to be aware of the complex
  and ambiguous interactions between the workings of our machinery
  and the forms of our political life.
  In particular, we should not assume that the Internet's open
  and decentralized architecture necessarily makes it a force
  for democracy, or that it necessarily levels the field for
  all players.  The practice of politics on the Internet is
  increasingly complicated, with new kinds of players and new
  variations on the existing games.
  As a case study in these issues, let's consider an organization
  called the Wireless Opportunities Coalition.  The WOC has
  circulated an alert on the net seeking support for a certain
  position in a fairly arcane regulatory fight within the FCC
  over the rules in certain frequency bands for digital wireless
  communications.  The WOC's materials are also available on WWW:
      The basic idea of the WOC's arguments is that companies with very
  sensitive communications devices shouldn't be able to displace
  other users of certain frequencies, including low-power digital
  wireless communications used for educational purposes, for
  example in local community networking in areas that do not have
  high rates of telephone service.  This certainly sounds like a
  good cause, and it probably even *is* a good cause.
  But note that the Wireless Opportunities Coalition, is a creation
  of a public relations firm called Issue Dynamics Inc, whose
  largest clients include Bell Atlantic and a lobbying alliance of
  the US regional phone companies.  (To be fair, they also include
  the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.)  I couldn't find
  this information by searching through the WOC web pages, but
  you can verify it easily enough by aiming your web client at the
  underlying index:
      As recently as December 9th this page was entitled "IDI Index";
  it is now, as of December 20th, called "Policy.Net".  Click on
  "Issue Dynamics", read down to the bottom, and click on the IDI
  logo, which will take you to:
      Why is it "idi.net" and not "idi.com"?  Never mind.  My point
  is not that these folks are evil or that they have no right
  to speak.  My point is that they are a public relations firm
  practicing their craft on the Internet.  In the future, I expect
  that ordinary citizens using the Internet will want to inform
  themselves about who's behind all of those slick web pages.
  Public relations and its place in society is a fascinating and
  important topic, and I encourage everyone to learn more about it.
  If you're interested, here is a brief reading list:
    Edward L. Bernays, The Engineering of Consent, Norman:
    University of Oklahoma Press, 1955.
    Bill Cantor, ed, Experts in Action: Inside Public Relations,
    New York: Longman, 1984.
    Oscar H. Gandy, Jr., Beyond Agenda Setting: Information
    Subsidies and Public Policy, Norwood, NJ: Ablex, 1982.
    Jack A. Gottschalk, Crisis Response: Inside Stories on Managing
    Image Under Siege, Detroit: Visible Ink, 1993.
    James E. Grunig and Todd Hunt, Managing Public Relations, New
    York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1984.
    Elizabeth L. Toth and Robert L. Heath, eds, Rhetorical and
    Critical Approaches to Public Relations, Hillsdale, NJ:
    Erlbaum, 1992.
  Finally, let me close with a pertinent quote:
    "One practice which I believe should be eliminated is that of
    the so-called "paper front".  A client is advised to finance
    an "organization" to promote or fight for its cause under the
    guise of an independent and spontaneous movement.  This is
    a plain public deceit and fraud and of course is a technique
    developed with consummate skill and in great profusion by the
    Communists.  In a free country any interest with a cause has
    a right to present its case to the public, to inform and, if
    possible, to persuade to its heart's content.  But that right
    of free speech also carries the obligation that the source of
    it will be in the open for all to see.  Attempts to fool the
    public by making it believe an "organization" existing only
    on paper is really a vociferous group favoring this or that
    cause have helped to cast a shadow upon the business of public
    relations counseling.  No counsel who wants to preserve his own
    reputation will ever be a party to the issuance of any public
    statement by a client unless the source is clearly set forth.
    Obviously, when a client is involved in a public relations
    controversy, supporting statements are welcomed from every
    responsible source.  But such statements should be issued by
    real-live people or organizations and not phoneys."
  This quote is from the autobiography of John W. Hill ("The Making
  of a Public Relations Man", recently republished by NTC Business
  Books, pages 139-140), who founded one of the largest public
  relations firms, Hill and Knowlton.
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= end here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

@_date: 1994-12-24 05:39:33
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: FYI: (Meeks) Berman leaves EFF 
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= cut here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
CyberWire Dispatch // Copyright (c) 1994 //
Jacking in from the "Back to the Future" Port:
Washington, DC -- The Electronic Frontier Foundation has fired its Policy
Director Jerry Berman and will soon release a sweeping new agenda for 1995
that promises to return the organization to its original grassroots
Asked to comment on his firing, Berman bristles and says: "I think that's
baloney." Then he quickly adds: "Did you ever think I might have wanted to
Berman has, in fact, left EFF, to head a new, as yet unannounced, policy
group called the Center for Democracy and Technology. His departure from
EFF and the creation of CDT will be made public this week in a joint
announcement with EFF, sources said. The official line that will be spun to
the public is that the two came to a "mutual parting of the ways."
That benign statement, however, doesn't reflect the long hours of the
behind the scenes deliberations, in which the language of the press
releases will be a cautiously worded as an official State Department
Heroes and pioneers always take the arrows; EFF lately has looked more like
a pin-cushion than its self-appointed role as protector of all things
Cyberspace. The beleaguered organization has over the course of the past
two years endured often withering criticism from the very frontier citizens
it was sworn to uphold and protect.
The reason: A perceived move away from its grassroots activism to the role
of a consummate Washington Insider deal maker.
Berman is the man largely responsible for cutting EFF's policy cloth. He
wears the suit well. Maybe too well. Although he has the political acumen
to arm-wrestle inside-the-beltway, it comes at the expense of his
management style, EFF insiders said. Those shortcomings came at the expense
of EFF's day-to-day operations and didn't go unnoticed by its board of
The EFF board in October fired Berman for mismanaging the group's
organizational and fiscal responsibilities. No impropriety or malfeasance
was alleged, the board was simply dissatisfied with Berman's day-to-day
managing of the shop.
In a precursor to the board's October decision, it split Berman's job,
giving him charge of just the policy arm, which board members said played
to his strength. They then hired Andrew Taubman as executive director to
oversee the day to day tasks.
Separate from the organizational and fiscal misgivings, the board also
couldn't brook with priority on policy affairs that Berman had engineered.
Although Berman expertly navigated EFF through the choppy political waters
of Washington, that course increasingly steered the organization away from
its original vision as a populist group.
Never was the hardcore policy-driven slant of EFF more apparent than during
the two-plus year political firestorm that surrounded the FBI's infamous
Digital Wiretap.
The political wrangling during that time, in which Berman brokered the
influence of EFF with the backing of the telephone, computer and software
industries, to reach a compromise with legislators and the FBI on the
bill's language, increasingly drove a wedge between the organization and
its grassroots membership.
Nobody within EFF interviewed for this article disagreed with how Berman
ran his policy tour de force. In fact, the board was generally in agreement
that Berman did an excellent job in helping to broker a less nefarious
version of the FBI's wiretap bill than would have otherwise passed without
his involvement on EFF's behalf.
As effective as Berman was in shuffling between the political and
ideological interests of EFF and its members, the "inside baseball"
political bullshit was largely lost on the community of the Net, who viewed
it as a kind of betrayal.
The fact that there would be a backlash from the Net came as no surprise to
Berman and EFF, who recognized the fine line they had to walk in dealing
with a politically charged issue rivaled only by the Administration's
insipid Clipper Chip encryption policy.
You see, the Net community is a binary braintrust, a world of ones and
zeros -- either on or off -- in which shades of grey are rarely an option.
Yet it is exactly these shades of grey in which Berman excels and thrives.
It is a skill -- and damn near an art form -- to be able to move among the
shadows and Washington's land of a thousand different agendas. And that's
right where Berman had steered EFF.
However, it's not where the EFF board thought the organization belonged.
And so, in a few days the Net community will read a grand announcement in
which EFF and Jerry Berman state they've had a "mutual parting of the
ways." The announcement will be several fold, including:

@_date: 1994-12-25 05:25:21
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: PSWD: "The Girlfriend's Opinion" 
Both interesting questions... and self-cancelling ones. As far as I know,
Cypherpunks define their own personal positions and don't impose theirs on
any one else, as you yourself seem to have done, Uni. Your argument, much
like your "standard" is somewhat suspect in my view.
Regarding your language: please tone it down a little? Rely less on ad
hominem flames and the word "shit" and more on the strength of your
arguments and I'd be more inclined to respect your opinions. Once I pick
through your invective, you "seem" to have a point, but you really do go on
a bit, making it a lot of work... are you sober as you write these things?
On the topic: let me relay an interesting little tidbit I heard recently on
radio (Fresh Air/NPR): the forensic psychiatrist who interviewed Jeffery
Dhaumer (sp?) noted that he declines in his book(s) to describe the precise
methods utilized by the killers he investigates in his book, because he
feels that this will provide specific information directly to other
psychopaths on how to be more effective in committing horrible crimes and
eluding law enforcement. I think this rather closely parallels the posting
of specific information on how to compromise the security of systems.
Personally, I support his practice: while he does a very good job of
describing things so that you can understand _why_ a killer did his deeds
and possibly something of _how_ so that _you_ can avoid being killed by
someone trying the same things, he doesn't compromise his responsibility as
a physician. An interesting parallel.
Privacy is Privacy, even if it's your intimate friend's privacy. Just
because someone trusts you, it doesn't give you any rights to their
personal data. I've had supposed "friends" try to break into my personal
files before, so I wouldn't presume to pontificate on who deserves more
privacy: everyone does. The free flow of information on system security is
important, but when it sacrifices someone's privacy. If you intend to post
information on how a system can be compromised, it seems to me that the
responsible thing to do (as a cypherpunk or a physician) is to first notify
the sysadmin or password-owner so as to make sure they've been able to
close their doors, and THEN post the info to others judiciously using only
enough detail as is necessary for educational purposes (like the doctor
Uni, you don't work at a nuclear site, do you?   ;)
Ahem.  Let's move on...
BTW, a collective "thanks" to the few of you who have so far sent in Q&A
material for the Beginner's PGP-FAQ. By and large, they are all helpful
suggestions. My only feedback for now is to remind you all that this has to
be VERY basic conceptual material. As the rest of you (hopefully) send me
stuff, please keep this in mind. Imagine you're explaining WHY crypto to a
five-year-old, and HOW PGP to a six-year-old. :)  We really have to aim low
on this one. I'll be working on this for a while and will post a draft for
you all to review as soon as it's ready.
   dave
"Rudeness is the penultimate refuge of the Incompetent; violence, the last"

@_date: 1994-12-25 06:07:03
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: No privacy with DigiCash 
Interesting. I too have made four requests and still not received any
software. Can you say "vapor?"
   dave
 "You can put your shoes in the oven, but that don't make 'em biscuits."

@_date: 1994-12-26 05:49:11
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: good blaze quote 
I was just going through some old mail and found this nice quote from one
of our own.
BTW, thanks for those pointers to Rivest's RC5 materials...I'm just getting
around to them but they're very educational.
   dave
I have a flawless philosophic/scientific model of reality.
Unfortunately, it's actual size.

@_date: 1994-06-02 00:33:37
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: QUERY: who is this man? 
Can someone please post the id of this "MIT Scientist?"
Also, any comments (however brief) on the NIST discussions?

@_date: 1994-06-02 00:34:07
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: funny-byte 
"Yeah, I worked for the Phone Company back then, an' I guess it was an OK
job, but I didn't much like the way they calculated my paycheck: I got
$11.50 for the first hour, and twenty-five cents for each additional
 [w/apologies to Charles Kozar, the Angry Black comic]

@_date: 1994-06-03 03:18:07
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: CLIP: flaw found? 
"Nothing can be made to be foolproof: fools are far too ingenious." -dave

@_date: 1994-06-03 03:24:50
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: MacPGP 2.6ui yet? 
Has David Sternlight's worst nightmare made it to a Mac version yet?
   dave

@_date: 1994-03-29 15:42:48
@_author: David Del Torto 
@_subject: RANDOM>Quantum Randoms? 
Listen, I've been lurking the list for many moons, but will be visiting more regularly again, so please forgive if this has already been discussed. However much I tilt at Life's many windmills, I never for a moment lack interest in Crypto matters, so natcherly I noticed the juicy tidbit below in Sci Am with great interest (what jumped out at me was the part about "'truly' random numbers").  I OCRed it and am posting it to see if any of you saw it and what comments you might have about its implications for the future generation of randoms... not to mention for regular computing.
   dave
******* David Del Torto                        *******
******* Level Seven Development       *******
******* "If you don't like your Government, grow your own." *******
Quantum Computing Creeps Closer to Reality
More than a decade ago a small group of physicists, among them Richard P. Feynman, began wondering whether it would be possible to harness quantum effects for computation. Until recently, such investigations have been highly abstract and mathematical. Now Seth Lloyd, a researcher at Los Alamos National Laboratory, has proposed in Science how a so-called quantum computer might actually be built.   Lloyd points out that in one sense "everything, including conventional computers, and you and me, is quantum mechanical," since all matter obeys the laws of physics. One feature distinguishing quantum computers from conventional ones, Lloyd explains, is the way they store information. Conventional computers use electrical charge or its absence to represent 0's or l's used in the binary language of data storage.   In a quantum machine, information would be represented by the energy levels of individual particles or clusters of particles, which according to quantum mechanics occupy discrete states; the ground, or "dow
n," state could signify a 0 and the excited, "up" state a 1. Lloyd says such computers could be made out of materials with identical, repeating units that behave quantum mechanically, including long organic molecules, or polymers; arrays of quantum dots, which are clusters of atoms with precisely controllable electronic properties; and crystals. "Something as simple as a salt crystal might do," he states.   Input is supplied by pulses of light or radio waves, which would nudge the atoms, molecules or quantum dots into energy levels representing, say, a particular number. More pulses of light would cause the system to carry out a computation and disgorge an answer. Because quantum systems are notoriously susceptible to disruption from external effects, an error-correction program would monitor the progress of a computation and put it back on track when it goes awry.   Such a computer would be much smaller and faster than any current model, Lloyd contends. It could also perform certain tasks beyond the range o
 any classical device by exploiting a bizarre quantum effect known as superposition. Under certain precisely controlled conditions, a particle can briefly inhabit a "superposed" energy state that is, in a sense, both down and up. It has a 50-50 probability of "collapsing" into one state or the other.   Computers that can store information in a superposed form, Lloyd suggests, could generate truly random numbers, a task that has proved fiendishly difficult for classical computers. They could thus solve certain problems with a probabilistic element-such as those involving quantum mechanics-more accurately than can conventional machines.   Rolf Landauer of the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center, an authority on the limits of computing, has "a number of reservations" regarding Lloyd's scheme. Landauer argues, for example, that Lloyd's error-correction method will destroy the very superposition that he seeks (for reasons related to the fact that mere observation of a quantum system alters it). Yet Lloyd's work is still "a step forward," Landauer says. "He's given us something to evaluate in more detail."  -John Horgan
Scientific American, April 1994, Page 18
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-05-25 21:13:49
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Response to Uni's "Lawsuit" Message 
I like it.  I'd be willing to participate and refer users to the service.
   dave

@_date: 1994-05-27 06:28:12
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: (fwd) FBI infiltrates Connected.com 
Personally, I'm very, very distressed by reports like this.
As far as I'm concerned, no FBI agent will _ever_ be "invited" to "roam"
around MY systems.  In fact, they'll have to tie me down, beat me with
rubber hoses and put electrodes on my private parts to get anything out of
me beyond my name, job title and PGP fingerprint (and that's WITH a very
specific warrant and clear explanation of what they intend to do).
FYI, I post the following message prominently on my systems when they boot:
I'm not sure *exactly* what legal protection this entitles me to, but I
(perhaps foolishly) at least _feel_ better when I see that screen come up
before a system asks for the password to continue booting/mounting volumes.
If one of us has the text of those particular passages in the USC, or the
ftp site where they reside, I would be interested in fetching and reading
the specific text and posting it for all my users to read.
I wonder if:
[1] connected.com users have been made aware of this "invitation"
[2] they intend to remain after the staff has done this
[3] anything illegal was in fact discovered and WHERE
[4] the FBI has followed up on anything they discovered
I hope you keep us informed about this, Jim...
   dave
   dave
--- Dave Del Torto ----------- "drag me, drop me, treat me like an object" ---
    Level Seven Design                                 +1.415.334.5533 vox
    80 Alviso Street/San Francisco CA 94127-2841 USA   +1.415.334.0700 fax
---  ------------------------------------------------------------
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-05-28 07:45:40
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: removed from list.... 
Can't Majordomo implement passwords for individual users so that only
*they* can unsub themselves?  It seems ironic that the Cypherpunks list
would be vulnerable to this sort of "attack" from miscreants like [insert
bozo-of-choice here].
As an aside: I've set up a filter that immediately trashes anything from
the above-mentioned "person."  I just don't need that kind of noise.
   dave
ssibly, PGP 2.6 is doing a great deal more longer term
Absolutely valid, Matthew: I recommend that we do our best to resolve what
will be done to counter this tactical move against PGP here on this list -
without spreading confusing rumors around to the benefit of RSA Labs - and
meanwhile provide a simple, patched version of 2.3 for all platforms that
both offers fully-2.6-compatible ciphertext and 2.6-impersonating keys.
   dave

@_date: 1995-08-29 10:26:50
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: TLA Menu! 
Time to use your imagination, because...
It's the TLA Phone Menu!                       pair-o-dee by [   A french horn version of "The Lion King" fades in quickly, and a       ]
[   smarmy male voice reminiscent of that 415.777.FILM guy comes on...     ]
"Welcome to the Three Letter Agency's Help Line!
- If you're calling to report a threat to National Security, please press
  "1" now...
- If you're calling to threaten the life of the President of the United
  States, please have your manifesto ready to fax and press "2"...
- If you're calling to report a bomb that's been left somewhere at a TLA
  complex, please have your five-digit terrorist group identification code
  ready and press "3" now...
- If you're calling to report an imminent nuclear emergency within the
  territorial borders of the United States, please press "4" now...
- If you're calling to find out what "Squeamish Ossifrage" means,
  please press "5" now...
- If you're calling to inform on Phil Zimmermann, please press "6" now...
- If you're calling to report an Internet security problem that may affect
  our ability to packet-filter your local network, please press "7" now...
- If you're calling to donate money to Senator Exon's re-election campaign,
  please press "8" now...
- If you're a member of any State Militia or paramilitary group needing
  assistance with plans to overthrow a state government, please have your
  copy of the US Constitution ready and press "9" now...
- If you're submitting a new encryption algorithm challenge, please visit
  our website at  or press "0" now...
- If you're calling to report any unauthorized use of cryptography by
  pornographers, drug dealers, terrorists and/or religious cults, please
  press the "star" key now, or stay on the line, and a National Security
  Analyst will be with you in a moment..."
[   Naturally, we press the "star" key... a few mournful moments pass      ]
[   as, in the background, a valiant attempt is made by 40 melancholy      ]
[   strings and an antic saxophonist to produce a Musak rendition of       ]
[   Rockwell's "(I Always Feel Like) Somebody's Watching Me," when         ]
[   suddenly the Musak fades back...                                       ]
"...Thank you for your patience. All of our jack-(and jill!-) booted agents
are busy cracking other citizens' shopping-lists or reverse-tracing your
phone number at this time, but your call _is_ important to us, so please
remain on the line, and a National Security Analyst will be with you

@_date: 1995-12-03 11:34:40
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: EXO_ner 
Exon, Exoff, XON, X-off, Exxon, ex-off.
   dave
"Packwood's supporters were left groping for answers." --news anchor

@_date: 1995-12-03 12:41:42
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: a foot here, a foot there -- pretty soon your mouth is *really* full (was: Re:Netscape, Corporations, and GAK Support) 
I watched him in acquisition mode once upon a time and I rather doubt this:
I imagine that he's giving this considerable thought (he has the time while
counting stacks of shares on his bed every night ;), watching this space
and letting the "petty officers" navigate through this reef for now. His
statements so far indicate nothing more to me than that he's just playing
his cards very close for now so as not to alienate anyone: this is what a
captain should be expected to do when the waters are potentially this
"dangerous." Why would/should he chop the Feds off at the knees until he
knows exactly which way _their_ smoke blows? They're still trying to figure
out what the hell we're up to, and if we can manage to stay ahead of their
lumbering giants (Freeh, et alia), it'll pretty much stay that way for a
long time.
Anyway, no policy statements coming from Netscape NOW can be a reliable
indicator of where they're going to be -- even in a year -- on crypto
policy or on the internal development. All we're seeing for the forseeable
future is trial balloons and other strategic positioning. I bet Jim's read
the Book of Five Rings...
Jim may "appear" a tad "hawkish," but he's no dope. Look, a 70% share, even
with momentum behind it, can slim down mighty fast with bad choices and
lots of fast dogs at his heels and he knows it. Let me put it this way:
"the higher they sell, the faster they drop."
Tim, you're absolutely right that speaking out NOW (and directly at him) is
the surest way for him and others to have data on which to base their
future decisions. If there are other solutions for modules Netscape intends
to provide (like...NS2.0's Mail module + GAK vs a c-neutral Eudora with an
optional MOSS translation plug-in), then he'll lose market share
proportional to how much we scream about it in public (I'm doing daily
vocal exercises, just in case ;). If he makes enough bad choices, like
throwing his full weight behind GAK and other atrocities, he'll end up like
DigiCash *would* if they kept/keep the bank protocol hidden. I just refuse
to believe he hates his work that much. At the worst, I see a special
"gaak" version for the Feds, but I sure as hell wouldn't buy it (and I
bought my copy of Netscape).
It would be nice to hear from him here directly, though. One can only
tolerate so much pussyfooting around before one becomes snippy.
   dave
"I prefer a _real_ whorehouse to The Theatre." --Dorothy Parker

@_date: 1995-12-04 04:43:33
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: GAK the Spooks not the Civilians 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/pgp
Size: 10401 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1995-12-06 23:47:12
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Persona PCMCIA URL? 
Does anyone have a URL for data sheets on the Persona cards?

@_date: 1995-12-07 18:46:52
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [FYI] FBI Training Eastern European Police 
[much elided]
Hey "Alice,"
This is a very persipicatious set of observations about Budapest, a city I
lived/worked in for a while (you sound like you know it rather well
yourself). The level of technical CS knowledge in Bp is comparable to, or
better than, many other cities (except maybe for Moscow and St. Petersburg)
in the former Bloc. Your comments also provide good insights into why it's
technically and geographically important to cypherpunks: it's the petri
disk for many of our cpunk brethren over there.
The fact that the FBI has chosen Bp as one of their entry-points into the
region impacts our policy discussions here, particularly since our LE types
are making contact with the former secret police in that region, and
especially so given the stationing of US Troops in Kaposvar as we type
(southern Hungary) for easy entry into Bosnia. Anyone who attended CFP 95
may also remember some of Esther Dyson's lunchtime comments about the
Russian mafia (which has a strong presence in Bp) and the growth of
crypto's use both by the gangsters and LE officers. Some of the most
powerful crypto may be emanating from these regions and it would be wise
for us to try and track TLA activities in that area.
I won't drag this topic out any further, but if anyone comes across similar
info about our various TLAs operations over there, I hope they'll at least
share it with me, if not the list.
   dave
PS: I hope Perry's paying attention. ;)

@_date: 1995-12-08 22:50:54
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [FYI] Corp.Spooks Outed + W3 Proxy Filters 
PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL's BIG BROTHER INCORPORATED. A Report on the Int'l
Trade in Surveillance Technology and its Links to the Arms Industry.
"WebFilter" (formerly "NoShit")

@_date: 1995-12-30 23:51:51
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: last straw 
I've decided to cancel my CrampuNerve account and send the weasels a msg to
telling them why. I encourage everyone here to do the same with your CI$
account (if you still have one). These [insert colorful expletive here]s
only understand one thing: cold ca$h. Thus, the only effective way to send
them an indication of one's displeasure at their poor precedent-setting is
to vote with one's wallet.
Any who are still unfortunate enough to rely on CI$ for Internet/Usenet
access are getting reamed price-wise anyway, not to mention suffering poor
reliability and now access, so maybe a few of them could also take this
opportunity to migrate to an ISP with some real "backbone."
CI$ is becoming redundant and now they're making themselves unappealing.
Convenient, economical dialups are now available to Europeans and any of us
Yanks who have to travel to Europe regularly through various
non-anus-kissing ISPs (xs4all, iSYS, etc.). Back in '90-'92 CI$ used to be
somewhat handy when travelling to Europe, but even then it was horribly
expensive when you tallied up their "surcharges" for dialing in through
Frankfurt, etc.
Good riddance, say I.
   dave
"I prefer a real whorehouse to The Theatre." -Dorothy Parker

@_date: 1995-01-05 16:13:34
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: C-LIT: Vernor Vinge's "A Fire Upon the Deep" (was: Re: True Names) 
Amazing that you should mention this, Angus: I *just* finished reading "A
Fire Upon the Deep" and it is not only exeedingly gnarly, but also features
a universal net, galactic-wide relays and Netscum-like service providers
and associated user kvetching, a sinister-billions-of-years-old-AI-virus,
newsgroups, lists populated by aliens - and even _crypto_ as the key to the
whole shebang. There's also a great futuristic "dig" on pub key encryption
buried in it. Neural net stuff. A possible explanation for the existence of
both God and Newt Gingrich...and I could go on.
Great read, true anus-clenching adventure... and this from one who does NOT
normally read anything more sci-fi than certain software manuals. :)
Strongly recommended for c-punks who can last 600 pages (after the first
ten, you're hopelessly hooked if you have half a brain left afdter reading
this list for a year or two).
I _WISH_ I had VV's email address! I'd like to send the guy a big thank-you
and ask if he's writing a sequel (yet). If anyone does know it, puh-LEEze
mail me. First book of his I've read, first of it's kind I've enjoyed in a
very long time. I'll scan my favorite crypto-related (legal-length) excerpt
and post it next week, howzat?
  dave
 Big books small
 Books high books tall
 Just give me a good
 Little book,
 That's all.
     -Truman Capote (age 11)
C-LIT = Cypherpunk LITerature. Gitcher mind outta the gutter there, Lancelot.

@_date: 1995-01-09 11:48:43
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: HUMOR:...and we thought _PRZ_ had troubles! 
My apologies for this non-crypto posting, but I just _couldn't_ resist
sharing. Ironically (incredulously?), paranoia does nothing to improve
one's grasp of adjectives and adverbs... Anyway, please, please restrict
your replies (if any) to private email amongst yourselves and don't follow
my poor example and post anything more about it to the list.
BTW..."Half" street?!
    dave
 "Fascinating, Captain." -Mr. Spock
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= cut here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
I found the following disturbing post on a BBS in the Washington DC area:
Msg #  48 of  83                 Date: Fri 12-03-93,  6:29 pm
Forwarded From: 1900 Half Street, SW
The story I am about to relate may seem incredulous in many ways even
thought it is true and I solemly attest that it is true despite the fact
that it seems incredulous in many ways there is verifiable evidence and i
urge you to verify the evidence on your own if you should find this
incredulous which is the natural response.   I am a victim of government
sponsored terrorism and racism sponsored by the us government and big
corporations which actually work HAND IN HAND with the us government towards
these ends.  This of course includes the liberal media although some cells
of independence remain and not all individual journalists are accessories to
the conspiracy.  Suffice it to say that democracy does not in any way exist
in the United States of AmeriKKKa.   The government has been out to get me
ever since I was born in 1966 as a result of a specific genetic coding
abnormality which makes me unique among the 99.9999 th percentile of the
American population and makes people like me marked for harrassment.  The
abnormality may have been spawned by mass CIA mind control tests conducted
in 1961, which affected certain birth patterns. They actually have
attempted to cause me to try to kill myself on several occasions and have
attempted to drive me crazy by chemical and psychological means including
retroactive radio control from the future (any scientist will tell you that
radio waves which move faster than light speed are capable of moving
backwards in time and thus controlling the past). The constant chemical
assaults on my well being mean I cannot leave my apartment except in dire
circumstances and then I must breathe through a gas mask.  Not only that
but people are strategically placed at all places I interact with people
out of necessity (I cannot avoid such encounters entirely) to make me self
aware and paranoid.  These efforts are futile and I continue to defy the
Amerikkkan government.   On June 11 1986 they deliberately influenced me by
radio to be present at the intersection of Sherman Avenue and Harvard
Street NW at precisely 1:42 am and I had to cross seven blocks of territory
that had been sealed by the police.   This is documented.  I witnessed
seven police forces engaged in a shootout that lasted three hours.   THe
police forces were shooting at EACH OTHER and I counted at least thirty
verifiable casualties.  Although this has never made the newspapers due to
the government/corporate conspiracy the information is readily obtainable
but must be sought through FOIA requests at the FBI.   The files are
disguised as traffic fatalities and the true cause of death is not noted.
Also documentable is my genetic trait which Johns Hopkins in Baltimore will
provide upon demand.   I am considered a threat to the CIA because of my
superior evolutionary status and my radical thoughts.   In 1971 the United
States abandoned the Bretton Woods system of fixed exchange rates and
secretly implemented a dual currency system along with ruling elites from
other major countries including the USSR and Red China. I know this because
agents have tried to buy me off with this currency which exists solely in
the form of informational transactions and has no physical manifestations
yet makes a mockery of the valueless Dollar.   I am a man of integrity and
I refused to participate in this plot.   Needless to say the federal
deficit is measured in dollars and is therefore nonexistent and irrelevant.
 The secret currency system is solvent. In 1987 the Wall Street Journal
documented the cataclysmic stock market crash but made no mention of the
real underlying factors behind it, which again represented a government
conspiracy.  After I wrote to the Wall Street Journal to point this out,
attempts to kill me trebled.   There are also listening devices implanted
everywhere to monitor my actions and junk mail sorted with DMSO and curare
arrives daily.  I remove the mail with tweezers and leave it on the counter
for the mailman as unreturnable.  He wears gloves of course. The only
reason I am still alive is because I persist in making my case public at
every opportunity, which means the government does not directly try to kill
me but relies on third-party means which I have so far avoided. A rental
car I obtained in Sausalito in 1989 was irradiated with depleted uranium
which increased the total mass of the car by 33% d would have caused me to
go over a cliff were it not for the normal precaution I take of always
driving 15 mph under the speed limit. But it is this kind of insidiousness
which I am consdtantly faced with.   I also can only cross the street in
crosswalks so that any attempt to kill me with a vehicle could not be
blamed on pedestrian error.  The only reason I am still alive is because I
persist in making my case public at every opportunity, which means the
government will not try to kill me directly, since that would verify my
claims instantly in the public's eyes.   For that reason I urge all of you
to write to the media, contact your senators, and do everything you can to
let the conspirators know  that my story has been heard, and that the eyes
of the public are upon the conspiracy.  It is only through concerted
collective action that I can remain alive and the AmeriKKKan government
which has been ruling illegitimately since a secret coup in 1947 (documented
at the Library of Congress) can be brought down and freedom restored.

@_date: 1995-01-13 10:24:16
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Pgp where? 
FYI, I keep the most recent version of Mike Johnson's excellent guide on
where to find PGP in:
  ftp.netcom.com:/pub/dd/ddt/crypto/crypto_info/where_is_pgp?.txt
This is a plain text file, but (for Mac users) the file:
  ftp.netcom.com:/pub/dd/ddt/crypto/crypto_info/where_is_pgp?.txt.sea.bin
is a self-expanding Mac archive (faster transfer time). There're some other
informational files in that dir, and any cpunks who know of a
quintessential PGP info file is encouraged to let me know so I can post it
there. Remember, this "archive" is oriented toward new PGP users who need
friendly information on why/how/who/where/when etc.
If you're in the US or Canada, you can also find the most up-to-date
version of the MacPGP application in this directory:
  ftp.netcom.com:/pub/dd/ddt/crypto/NOT_FOR_EXPORT
Be sure to read the ReadMe files detailing the export restrictions, since
transfer of this software to a system or machine outside of the US or
Canada is strictly verboten.
Send email to  if you have further questions.
   dave
 "Civil Liberty Through Simple Cryptography."

@_date: 1995-01-17 06:32:57
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Jude Milhon in WIRED 
Anyone with any dang sense left at all knows that St. Jude is the secret
CypherGoddess behind this whole eff-in' thing, besides being the Patron
Saint of Hopeless Causes...    ;)
   dave
"There are three sides to every issue: my side, your side and the side of
 the truth." -Babatunde Olatunji

@_date: 1995-11-10 08:13:42
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: European Online Development list 
[In case this interests any of you. -dave]
................................. cut here .................................

@_date: 1995-11-16 23:00:00
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: e$: Financial Cryptography for Dogs, pt. 2.  OpenDoc Kitchen, anyone? 
In Reply to the Message wherein it was written:
That was at Apple in Cupertino, 11-13 NOVEMBER, not December. Whoops...I
heard about it from Jose Carreon earlier and should have spoken up sooner,
but there'll be another.
Attendance by Marcel and/or Felix at such a "kitchen" would be an
*excellent* idea. An OpenDoc-ish model will uncoubtedly be the one many
different OS designers (can you say "redmond?") at least copy someday for
look and feel, so it would be smart for DigiCash/Ecash to be in on the
early payment models. And anyway, Marcel could use a relaxing visit to
sunny California so he can hand-lob a grenade at my house. ;)
You're on _exactly_ the right track, Robert. I hope everybody listens to
you. As DC -- or perhaps whatever commercial client development company DC
chooses to license the Ecash technology to for spreading this
valuable-to-humanity technology far beyond the reach of "only" the big
financial companies -- well knows, the version _after_ the next version of
the Ecash client will have to be as easy to use as a smartcard if anyone
really expects to [insert your favorite politically-sensitive verb here]
the worldwide flow of value, perhaps making it more convenient for everyone.
The register idea is an interesting one, but I think the belt coin-changer
interface is more to the point, both graphically, and metaphorically. The
non-expert Person in the Street (maybe even the street-people) will do very
well with something like that.
   dave

@_date: 1995-11-18 09:31:27
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [BOOK] "SPYWORLD" (was: Re: CSE gets flak on TV) 
In Reply to the Message wherein it was written:
Dear Alice,
To the few on the list who have not already had the pleasure, I'd put
"SPYWORLD" in the "Puzzle Palace" category of must-reads. Before recently
leaving our own Wunderland for a course in advanced bird-watching off in
the Canary Islands, Michael Sattler was kind enough to loan me his
hardcover of this pithy little 1994 history/expose on the Canadian spook
community by one of their first key propeller-heads, "Mike Frost." After
being unceremoniously dumped by the Canucks a few years back, he decided to
"share" about it all to work out his frustrations. Though I assume it was
'tidied up' by various government censors in pre-publication, and according
to the inside page was printed and "bound in the U.S.A." ;), I must say it
was nevertheless an arousing read, albeit a bit nit-sloppy with the ghost
writing/editing here and there.
It paints a colorful picture of the TLA gang-bang that resulted in the
conception of the Canadian black budget intercept operations. The potent
schtuppingvermachen of the American and British, each waiting patiently for
sloppy seconds is, to say the least, pruriently fascinating. "Frost"
manages to (un)cover, in pleasurably lurid detail, some of the tools used,
and policies openly violated, during such intercepts as "Stephanie" in
Moscow. There are even some descriptions of the scenes behind the green
doors of the NSA and CIA. Frankly, all it really lacks is a nude picture of
the American Ambassador in Ottowa pulling his pants up _before_ drawing the
shades for the last time. If you do read it, use protection.  ;)
 Subtitle: Inside the Canadian and American Intelligence Establishments
 By: "Mike Frost" as told to Michel Gratton
 ISBN 0-385-25494-6
 Doubleday Canada Ltd.
 105 Bond Street
 Toronto, Ontario
 M5B 1Y3
   dave
PS: Don't worry, Mike, none of the pages stick together. :)
"If you're ever robbed of your virtue, trust me: it was an inside job."

@_date: 1995-11-26 16:46:58
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [FYI] FBI Training Eastern European Police 
[ from: The Hungary Report  free weekly, direct from Budapest ]
[ retransmitted to list without permission to increase distribution ]
  FBI School Teaches New Tricks to Old Enemies
  By Susan Milligan   Copyright (c) 1995
  In matching navy blue polo shirts, the students sat transfixed as
  they watched slides showing the destruction of the Oklahoma City and
  World Trade Center bombings.
  "God forbid you should ever have anything like this happen over
  here," American instructor Ed Burwitz told his Central European
  class, outfitted with headphones for simultaneous translation of the
  lecture. "It is a tough task for any
  freedom-loving country to prevent terrorism," he added.
  The class on forensics is typical of what goes on in law enforcement
  academies across America. But in this classroom, the instructors are
  teaching crime-fighting tactics to students from onetime enemy
  nations.
  "This could not have happened five years ago," said Laszlo Simon, the
  Hungarian director of the International Law Enforcement Academy here.
  "We don't preach or teach," said Leslie Kaciban, the American
  director of the newly-opened facility. Instead, the American
  instructors - culled from the FBI and other law enforcement agencies
  - share information and experiences with the students for them to
  adapt to their systems.
  Students from Hungary, Russia, Poland, the Czech Republic and other
  Central and Eastern European nations attend ILEA's 8-week sessions,
  the first of which began in April.
  The United States fronted $2.5 million to renovate the campus, which
  includes a brand-new gym, classrooms, dormitories and one of
  Hungary's few indoor tennis courts. The Hungarian government
  contributed $500,000 to renovate the facility,
  but the U.S. will pay the $3.5 million yearly cost to operate the
  center, which is modeled after the law enforcement training center in
  Quantico, Va.
  The facility looks like any other college campus - students go on
  field trips together, take "wellness" physical fitness class
  together, and will have a yearbook and alumni newsletter.
  The idea is to help the Eastern Europeans with their burgeoning
  crimes problems, as well as to foster cooperation on international
  crime problems.
  "I'm amazed at the freedom of travel that is possible" after the
  opening up of the Eastern nations, Burwitz said. But "that means
  criminals can travel as well," he said, allowing them to traffic
  drugs and contraband. "The more interaction we have with these
  countries in law enforcement, the better it will be for emerging
  democracies," Kaciban said.
  Class topics range from "human dignity" - how to treat a crime
  suspect - to undercover operations and fraud. April's bombing of the
  federal building in Oklahoma City is being used as an example in
  several classes.
  In "crisis management," students will learn "how to contain it (a
  crisis) and keep it from erupting," said instructor Stephen Brooks,
  who helped handle the Oklahoma City bombing. Big-scale bombings are
  not common to this part of the world, students said. But they said
  they learned a lot about how to fight organized crime, which is
  mushrooming in the aftermath of the fall of communism. "They told
  they have a lot of problems (with organized crime), and that it's
  better if we learn from their mistakes," said Hungarian student
  Vilmos Szeplaki.
  Organized crime is doubly damaging to the emerging nations, because
  it undermines their economies, Kaciban said. Investors are naturally
  reluctant to dump money into a nation if they believe there is
  rampant corruption. Some teachings do not translate for the European
  students. For example, there is no Russian RICO - the Racketeer
  Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act that is one of the strongest
  American legal tools against organized crime.
  Eastern European crime syndicates tend not to be based in crime
  families, instructors said. And organized crime in Russia and Ukraine
  is so much a part of the society, that it's hard to stop it, said Amy
  O'Neil, a State Department official not involved in the ILEA. "Under
  the communist system, you basically did what you could get away with.
  Everyone broke laws," O'Neil said. "That's how you survived."
  Both students and teachers said there was a remarkable similarity,
  however, in the use of evidence and investigatory tools among the
  countries. Eastern Europeans are very familiar with the use of DNA
  testing, for example, to identify suspects, although they don't
  always have the money to do it, Burwitzsaid."There are different
  orders of laws between the U.S. and here," said a Czech student who
  would identify himself only as Milan. "But essentially, we have the
  same methods of investigation."
                                                * * *
  Susan Milligan  is a free-lance writer and
  stringer for the Boston Globe, the San Francisco Examiner, Business
  Central Europe and Hollywood Reporter.

@_date: 1995-09-22 06:27:36
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Press release 
I think a media contact group is a good idea too, but I think we should
handle it by having a special address  that
media people can send to to request information and that it should split
the incoming mail and route it to a group of volunteers who could then
respond. Question from media people are usually NOT going to be heavily
tech-oriented, and this sort of press list would give the lesser
cryptologists among us, who nevertheless have a significant amount of
knowledge about public policy issues concerning crypto, a chance to be
BTW,  is still operating, and the small group of
knowledgeable cypherpunks there all see the mail that comes in and cc the
list when someone asks a PGP question and gets it answered by one or more
of the volunteers. This would be a good model to expand on, imho. Everyone
learns something, people go away impressed by the quality answers, etc. :)
   dave

@_date: 1996-04-10 07:06:10
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NOISE] Federal Bureau of Indigestion 
[forwards mercifully elided]
The following is a direct quote from the Center for Strategic and
International Studies report on GLOBAL ORGANIZED CRIME; the author who
introduces the story swears it's true.
FBI agents conducted a raid of a psychiatric hospital in San Diego that was
under investigation for medical insurance fraud. After hours of reviewing
thousands of medical records, the dozens of agents had worked up quite an
appetite. The agent in charge of the investigation called a nearby pizza
parlor with delivery service to order a quick dinner for his colleagues.
The following telephone conversation took place and was recorded by the FBI
because they were taping all conversations at the hospital.
Agent:	   Hello. I would like to order 19 large pizzas and 67 cans of soda.
Pizza Guy: And where would you like them delivered?
Agent:	   We're over at the psychiatric hospital.
PM:	   The psychiatric hospital?
Agent:	   That's right. I'm an FBI agent.
PM:	   You're an FBI agent?
Agent:	   That's correct. Just about everybody here is.
PM:	   And you're at the psychiatric hospital?
Agent:	   That's correct. And make sure you don't go through the front
PM:	   And you say you're all FBI agents?
Agent:	   That's right. How soon can you have them here?
PM:	   And everyone at the psychiatric hospital is an FBI agent?
Agent:	   That's right. We've been here all day and we're starving.
PM:	   How are you going to pay for all of this?
Agent:	   I have my checkbook right here.
PM:	   And you're _all_ FBI agents?
Agent:	   That's right. Everyone here is an FBI agent. Can you remember
Pizza Guy: I don't _think_ so...  >click<

@_date: 1996-04-14 08:49:04
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Tips on Tapping Taps 
What's your thinking on some privacy protection measures for these types of
"embedded systems?" Shouldn't these kinds of "instruments" (one
ringy-dingy) have some user-defeats or -definable permissions settings
built in from Day One?
Do we risk e$ accounts being billed automatically by water/gas/electric
meters on a daily basis without the possibility of users disputing the
readings in a timely way? Is anyone proposing permissions on such boxes?
What're the proposals, if any, for how the automated calls they make get
billed, get scheduled and show up on customer phone bills? I wonder if the
bills decrease, since this all saves the companies lots of money?
I'm all for "smart houses" but I'd prefer they learn the tricks _I_ teach 'em.
   dave
................................. cut here .................................

@_date: 1996-04-14 10:29:24
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: unsubscrive - Let's make a special list for these people! 
In Reply to the Message wherein it was written:
This is so deliciously and diabolically clever it approaches genuine
Satanism. I salute you, Sir.
And here, all I was imagining was a pro-rated (to the number of parsable
errors in the sender's attempt) automated mailbomb (min 10 identical msgs)
with full instructions at every step of the way how to avoid each and every
land-mine... I grovel in humbleness at your screen. ;)
   dave
Two cannibals are eating a clown and one asks the other:
"Hey...does this taste kinda funny to you?"

@_date: 1996-04-14 11:11:13
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: US crypto laws? Need help! 
In Reply to the Message wherein it was written:
Don't take this as legal advice, since I'm neither a lawyer nor French, but
if you're a French citizen, there may be more restrictions concerning
"utilisation du systemes cryptographique" placed on you by your _own_
government - no matter what your location is worldwide - than the US' ITAR
regs (governing "export" of crypto restrictions will place on you when
working here in the US).
Especially if you're _working_ in the US, (depending on the exact length
and specifications listed on your work permit itself - see the nearest
embassy*) I believe you're allowed to _use_ crypto systems _here_ (it might
even help if it was part of your work), as long as you are supervised in
some way and do not take them away with you (clearly a serious violation
under ITAR). Someone please correct me if I err here.
You - or better yet, your company's legal representative - should contact
the U.S. Department of State, Office of Defense Trade Controls (ODTC) at
**. At the _very_ least, you enjoy an
slightly overlong yet entertaining bureaucratic journey.
Bon Voyage! ;)
   dave
The Embassy of France (in the US):
4101 Reservoir Road, NW, Washington D.C. 20007;
telephone (202) 944-6000; fax (202) 944-6072.
US Embassies in France:
The U.S. Embassy in Paris is located at 2 Avenue Gabriel, telephone (33)
1-43-12-22-22, fax (33) 1-42-66-97-83. The Consular Section is located one
block away, across the Place de la Concorde, at 2 Rue St. Florentin, fax
(33) 1-42-61-61-40.
The U.S. Consulate in Marseille is located at 12 Boulevard Paul Peytral,
telephone (33) 91-54-92-00, fax (33) 91-55-09-47.
The U.S. Consulate in Strasbourg is located at 15 Avenue d'Alsace,
telephone (33) 88-35-31-04, fax (33) 88-24-06-95.
There is a Consular Agent in Nice, at 31 Rue du Marechal Joffre, telephone
(33) 93-88-89-55, fax (33) 93-87-07-38.
**relax, you don't have to visit netscape.com for the new html spec, it's
just a joke. Well, for now, anyway... ;)
"A furore Normannorum libera nos"

@_date: 1996-04-16 23:48:43
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NEWS] Security Dynamics Buys RSA 
For information about RSA:
Patrick Corman or Lisa Croel
Corman/Croel Marketing & Communications (415) 326-9648 or (415) 326-0487
Corman at cerf.net or Lcroel at mediacity.com
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Security Dynamics to Acquire RSA in Transaction Valued at Approximately
$200 Million
Cambridge MA and Redwood City, CA -- April 15, 1996 -- Security Dynamics
Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: SDTI) and RSA Data Security, Inc. today
announced that they have signed a definitive agreement for Security
Dynamics to acquire RSA, a Redwood City, California vendor of encryption
software. The transaction is intended to be carried out by the merger of
RSA and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Security Dynamics in a tax-free
transaction accounted for as a pooling of interests. For the year ended
December 31, 1995, RSA had revenues and net income of approximately
$11,6000,000 and $950,000, respectively.
Upon consummation of the merger, Security Dynamics will issue or reserve
for issuance 4,000,000 shares of its Common Stock in exchange for all of
the outstanding shares and options to acquire shares of RSA. Based on the
closing price of Security Dynamics Common Stock on the Nasdaq Market on
April 12, 1996, the transaction is valued at approximately $200,000,000.
The transaction is scheduled to close in June 1996.
The consummation of the merger is subject to approval by the stockholders
of both Security Dynamics and RSA and the satisfaction of antitrust and
certain other conditions. In connection with the merger agreement, certain
RSA stockholders, who currently own approximately 70% of the outstanding
shares of RSA, have agreed to vote their RSA shares in favor of the merger.
"RSA's technology is an excellent fit with Security Dynamics'
enterprise-wide security solutions," said Charles R. Stuckey, Jr.,
President and Chief Executive Office of Security Dynamics. "In the rapidly
growing Internet and Intranet markets, security has become on of the major
issues. The merger of RSA and Security Dynamics combines our user
identification and authentication technology and RSA's public key and
encryption technology, each of which is a de facto standard. We believe
this brings into a single organization the management and technical talent
needed to bring to market the most effective security applications."
"The synergy between the two companies is outstanding," said Jim Bidzos,
President and Chief Executive Officer of RSA. "RSA and Security Dynamics
technologies must be delivered as an integrated solution to corporate and
Internet users. The best way to accomplish this is for the two companies to
become one."
According to both executives, RSA will continue its existing license
business as a subsidiary of Security Dynamics.
Security Dynamics Technologies, Inc.
Security Dynamics designs, develops, markets and supports a family of
security products used to protect and manage access to computer-based
information resources and is the de facto standard for secure user
identification and authentication. The Company's family of products employ
a patent-protected combination of super smart token technology and software
for hardware access control products to authenticate the identity of users
accessing networked or stand-alone computing resources. The Company's
customers include Fortune 500 companies and financial institutions as well
as academic institutions, research laboratories, hospitals and federal,
state and foreign government organizations.
RSA Data Security, Inc.
RSA is a recognized world leader in cryptography, with millions of copies
of RSA software encryption and authentication technologies installed and in
use worldwide. RSA's encryption technology is embedded in Microsoft
Windows, Netscape Navigator, Intuit's Quicken, Lotus Notes, and hundreds of
other products. RSA technologies are part of existing and proposed
standards for the Internet and World Wide Web, CCITT, ISO, ANSI, and IEEE
as well as business, financial and electronic commerce networks around the
world. RSA develops and markets platform-independent software developers'
kits and end-user products and also provides comprehensive cryptographic
consulting services.
Founded in 1982 by the inventors of the RSA Public Key Cryptosystem, the
company is headquartered in Redwood City, Calif.

@_date: 1996-04-16 23:53:20
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: carrick, Blowfish & the NSA 
PGPfone currently offers Blowfish (fast, iffy) and TripleDES (slow, secure).

@_date: 1996-04-16 23:55:04
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [IRS] Elvis in Escrow 
[from SF Examiner somewhere around 12-14 April 96]
"IRS Worker Took Peek at Celebrities' Records"
[Associated Press]
  Memphis - A former IRS employee who said boredom had led him to peek at
the tax records of President Clinton, Elvis Presley and other famous people
has been acquitted of federal charges.
  Robert Patterson, 38, said it wasn't malicious - he was just trying to
learn how to better use the Internal Revenue Service computers.
  "I was sitting there bored, so I started punching up names," said Patterson.
Hmmm. _We_ do it, it's "malicious cracking/hacking" and they toss us in the
clink... _they_ do it, and it's "practice" (and they get acquitted). And
_these_ are the people who want to escrow _my_ keys? As IF!
Not only that, but also if the guy's so damn _bored_, why doesn't he spend
some time FIXING the damn computer systems at IRS (see current cover of
Information Week mag). Not that I particularly WANT them to fix the
infernal revenue suckers...
BTW, where do they _find_ these people? He's hacking around in Clinton's
tax records and he _doesn't_ expect Secret Service agents crawling up his
yin-yang within minutes? Obviously, "thinking too much" is _not_ this
chap's problem.

@_date: 1996-04-18 10:55:05
@_author: Dave Del Toasto 
@_subject: [NOISE] Toast Fishing in America 
[from "If _____ Made Toasters" ...my edits]
    If The Rand Corporation made toasters...
      They would be large, perfectly smooth, seamless black cubes.
      Each morning, exactly as much toast as you could eat would
      appear on top of your toaster. Their service department would
      have an unlisted phone number and the cube's blueprints would
      be highly-classified government documents, but the "X-Files"
      would have an episode with a partially disassembled toaster
      remarkably similar to it visible in the background.
    If the NSA made toasters...
      Your toaster would have a secret crumb-door on the back that
      only the NSA could open in case they needed to inspect your
      toast for breakfasts of a national security nature.

@_date: 1996-04-18 15:09:16
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: LolitaWatch v1.1 
[ Newt Gingrich and his ilk being the mensches they are, I expect v2.0 may  ]
[ add support for the "Jew," "Nigger," "Kike," "Fag," "Nerd" and "Wop" bits ]
[  -dave                                                                    ]
Sunnyvale, CA. Nubility, Inc. is pleased to announce the availability of
"LolitaWatch," a filter program for the Web and Net which alerts users
about the presence of nubile, young teens (and even younger!). LolitaWatch
operates by checking the federally-mandated "age bit."
No longer will you be frustrated in trying to contact that 12-year-old
girl, only to eventually learn she's a 44-year-old male playing mind games.
The President of Nubility, Pete Ofeil, said "Hey, the government says that
they have to wear a sign announcing their age...all we're doing is offering
a service to our customers."
(There is still the problem that the girl may be a boy, or vice versa,
depending on your preferences, but this is likely to be solved as the
"Fairness to Women and Other People of Color Protection Act," which
mandates that a "gender bit" be set.)
"LolitaWatch allows me to cut quickly to the chase, screening out the
hags," says Roy G. Biv, appreciator of young girls. "I've even rigged up my
copy of LolitaWatch to automatically alert me when one of these nubile
young things enters an IRC chat room!," he added with a sly grin.
LolitaWatch is available immediately for Windows and Macintosh. No Unix
version is planned because Unix users are, well, unix.

@_date: 1996-04-20 02:34:53
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: no help for the clueless 
I submit that the "info" command should be implemented with a little ReadMe
for clueless "subscrivers"... this is part of the idea, right?
   dave
................................. cut here .................................

@_date: 1996-04-20 13:26:10
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NOISE] sign-off instructions 
[author unknown, fwds elided]
Uni, take note... Might make an amusing periodic auto-post to the clueless
list. ;)
   dave
................................. cut here .................................
"HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE"
This is what you need to do.  Please read these instructions carefully
before beginning.
tools needed:
  one Hammer
  one scredriver
  one pair of pliers
  one heavy-duty pair of wire cutters
  one bucket of saline water
  a box of sani-wipes
Step  Stop payment on any checks that you may have sent to your Internet
Service Provider (GOD).
Step  If GOD is unresponsive and you are still receiving mail from this
list, you will need to find the "mailhost". This is a machine usually
located in a locked office. Every day around noon, the mailman will deliver
a box of diskettes with that day's mail messages, including yours from this
list, to this machine. Typically, only a handful of people have keys to the
"mailhost". The reason why this machine is locked up is because this is
typically the best, fastest, most powerful computer at your facility and
the people with keys don't want to share it. If you must, break or pry the
door down with one (1) hammer (you did get all the tools needed?).
Step  Find the ON/OFF switch for this machine. Using the pliers, set the
switch to the OFF position by tugging downwards until the disposable
plastic switch breaks away from the computer casing. Discard the disposable
plastic switch in an environmental-friendly manner. This will alert the
mailman to not deliver the diskettes with the messages to the "mailhost"
not unlike the little red flag found on mailboxes. This should resolve your
mail problem immediately.
Step  You may experience a recurrence of mail within 72 hours. If this
should happen, you will need to disable the "mailhost" once again with more
forceful measures. Repeat Step  Don't be suprised if there is a sturdier
door in place than the one you destroyed previously. This is due to the
fact that the "Have Key" clique found out that someone has seen their
private stash of computer equipment.
Step  After you have once again regained entry into the "mailhost" room,
open up the back of the "mailhost". There may be a large tv-like device on
top of the "mailhost" You will need to remove this first. Take your wire
cutters, and cut any cables binding the tv-like device to the "mailhost".
Set the tv-like device to the side. With your screwdriver, remove each and
every screw that you can find on the "mailhost". Once this is done, the
"mailhost" should break away into two or more pieces.
Step  Find a large box with a fan attached to it. It will be clearly
marked with the following labels: "Danger" "High Voltage" "Do not open - no
user-servicable parts". Don't worry, these labels are merely in place to
satisfy OSHA requirements and you are not in any danger at all. Take the
bucket of saline water and pour it into any vents or ports that the large
box may have. Any extra water should be poured directly into the computer
chassis, be sure to properly soak each and every component.
Step  In the event of fire (OSHA has been known to be right on
occassion), douse any flames with the sani-wipes.
This solution is provided without warranty. It is not bio-degradable or
fat-free. In the event of sudden death, contact a physician immediately.

@_date: 1996-04-20 13:26:33
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [EVENT] cheap date w/Bob Dole 
Calling All Cypherpunks:
An interesting "special event" just showed up on the radar. Sorry for the
noise if you've heard about it already.
   dave
................................ cut here .................................
"Public Policy Issues Forum on Information Security"
(aka "Celebration of 20 years of Public Key Cryptography" 1976-1996)
 Cylink Corporation
 The Churchill Club
Date & Place:
 Monday, April 29 (6-10 PM)
 Marriott Hotel, Burlingame (spittin' distance from SF Airport)
 $20 for club members
 $35 for non-members
 Menu includes [mad cow] steak dinner and wine
 Cash bar
Speakers include:
 - James Freeman
FBI Special Agent in Charge of the San Francisco Region; on the $100
billion annual loss to U.S. business from industrial espionage.
 - David Morris
Vice President of Cylink; on advanced security systems needed today beyond
firewalls which are only partial solutions; five requirements a truly
secure information protection system must have.
 - Senator(s) Larry Pressler (and Bob Dole?*)
on new legislation (The Encryption Communications Privacy Act of 1996) to
loosen restrictions on strong crypto in the U.S.; need to allow U.S. firms
to export long-key-length crypto.
[yes, Virginia, _that_ Senator Pressler, the one who made the Bottom Ten list]
 - Senator Conrad Burns (R/Montana)
on his proposed bill (Promotion of Commerce On-Line in the Digital Era)
which could include preventing government from becoming an escrow registry
[of CFP96 cowboy-hat voicelink fame]
 - Congressman Robert Goodlatte
on his "Security and Freedom Through Encryption Act" (SAFE) legislation.
 - Paul Raines
Project Manager with the U.S. Postal Service; previewing the USPS
Electronic Postmarking System (1st nationwide use of PKC in a
consumer-based public service, includes a certificate authority registry).
 - Whitfield Diffie
 - Martin Hellman
 - Ralph Merkle
the three inventors/original patent-holders in the field of Public Key
Cryptography on a panel discussing the future of cryptography, 3DES and
"other issues."
If you're planning on being hungry on 29 April, get more info or RSVP and
reserve a seat by calling:
The Churchill Club
2323 South Bascom Ave
Campbell CA 95008
408.371.4460 voice - ask for Lisa (try pressing  at the menu)
408-371-4180 fax
There's a suggestion that you _could_ pay by sending your credit card info
over the net (ironically, I see no public key being provided, but that's
AOL for you...). For the foolhardy, the address is: Alternatively, you can send it to  or
  ;)
* Sen. Dole hasn't confirmed yet, but he's co-sponsor of the Encryption
Communications Privacy Act, so if there are no high-visibility Senate votes
or major campaign babies to kiss on-camera, chances are he'll paint a
target on his back and kick it with us.
The speakers alledgely include representatives from all three Congressional
legislation groups. Expect the Press to attend.
Other confirmations are still coming in from additional participants.
For the price of a Van Halen ticket, this should be worth a giggle or two.

@_date: 1996-04-24 01:58:32
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: EFF member discount @ Forum on Information Security, Apr. 29 
That reminds me: I believe Jim Freeman is the FBI-SAiC who supervised the
local UNABOM case investigations. This could be an explosively interesting
evening, (metaphorically speaking _only_, Officer Friendly!). See you there.
   dave
"I _do_ speak for my employer: _I_ founded the whole %*& company!"

@_date: 1996-04-25 04:31:01
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [PASSWD] good MCI password..."1234"? 
[from RISKS 18.06]
................................. cut here .................................
Taking advantage of yet another incentive offer, I recently switched my
long distance carrier to MCI. They sent me the standard
yet-another-piece-of-plastic-to-stick-in-my-wallet calling cards. The way
these cards work is that you call an 1-800 number and type in your code
consisting of your phone number followed by your PIN (Personal
Identification Number) which happens to be printed on the card.
Enclosed with the cards was a piece of paper in which MCI wisely suggests
that you change your PIN to something other than what they assigned to you
and printed on the card:
  Customizing your PIN
  Choosing your own four-digit number is the best way to assure you'll
  never forget your PIN. Make it the month and year of a loved one's
  birthday or use the same password you have for your voice mail or
  computer. We'll quickly replace the PIN we assigned you with any four
  digits you choose - just call 1-800-476-7306
For some strange reason MCI is recommending you to do exactly the opposite
of what good security practices would proscribe! Not only do they suggest
that you use an easily-breakable password such as an important date, but
they recommend a practice that would weaken the security of potentially
more sensitive information in a voice-mail or computer system.
Of course, what probably prompted note from MCI was a desire to prevent
MCI's customer service department from being inundated with calls from
people who forgot their PINs. This alludes to the associated risk of
requiring people to remember Yet Another Password (YAP).

@_date: 1996-08-08 14:35:57
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [STEGO] Your_Name in This Space 
fellow 'punks,
An artist named Zoltn Szegedy-Maszk is doing some interesting work for an
organiztion named "C3" (the "3" is a superscript and it's pronounced
"see-cubed") in Budapest, Hungary. C3 is an arts/culture/net.communication
organization funded by the Soros Foundation, SGI and Matav (the Hungarian
telephone company). They have a nice little Silicon Lab with an Onyx and a
few Indy's, PC and Macs, and Zoltan has a page up on one of the Indy that
demonstrates his "Cryptogram" generator:
This project takes ASCII text strings and converts them into 3D models by
assigning vertex coordinate values based on the ASCII codes encrypted by
what I'll call a "key model." Essentially, it's a simple 3D steganography
engine. It's rather intriguiging from a cryptographic perspective (pun
intended). Zoltan sees it as a way of transferring .wrl fies among VRML
afficionados, but also as a way of embedding messages. Definitely worth a
peek: try your own name in VRML, light sources and all. :)
Also check out C3's main site at: .
   dave
Cryptography is the entertainment branch of the computing industry.

@_date: 1996-12-02 12:00:38
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Looking for "PrOduct Cypher" 
"PrOduct Cypher,"
I need to get in touch with you to discuss your PGP library work.
Please email me ASAP (my key's on the MIT keyserver). Thanks.
   dave
PS: Pls excuse the x-post.

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:34:19
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Apology and clarification 
[explanation of keysniffing intentions elided]
I took your posting in the spirit it was intended, I think, since it was
obviously not directed at a c'punk audience. You may remember, BTW, that I
did some information-gathering on keystroke sniffers early in 94. I, too,
did not feel comfortable spreading the info too widely, however, though
now, to a select audience, it might be timely.
Thanks for pointing out a very valid set of attack parameters, BTW.
I do not doubt it for an instant. I even know some Eastern Eudopeans who
might be at it as we speak.
   dave

@_date: 1996-02-06 12:16:32
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: CONTEST: Name That Program! 
If I were you, Nathaniel, I'd drop that petard of yours on the ground, grab
a very absorbent hankie and run like hell. ;)
 [elided]
Actually, for those who don't know, one of the most ubiquitous anti-viral
utilities for Macs (Symantec Antivirus for Macintosh, aka "SAM") also
offers a mode that constantly watches for any generic attempt to modify
crucial file/app/system resources -- and offers the opportunity to deny
such attempts. Thus, it doesn't _only_ offer protection against "known"
attacks. It even specifies which application/virus is trying to modify
which file, allows the user to teach it that certain mods are verboten and
halts activity until the user decides how to proceed. This makes it all but
impossible (if a Mac is so-protected) to even introduce a
trojan-keystroke-sniffing-credit-card-transmitter, much less use it to take
over the TCP stack (MacTCP) without the user's knowledge.
As for FV's recent "discovery:"
[a] I'm glad if FV _really_ wants to educate the public, but I hope they
find a better way next time than a "hey, we found this really simple way to
hack the universe, but we're not telling all you 13-year-old juvenile
delinquent hacker-wannabes" broadcast (talk about yer invitations!),
[b] confused why NB didn't anticipate the fuss and prepend a short
disclaimer onto his posting of it to cpunx (how about _thrice_ burnt,
[c] unimpressed by all the vitriol it stirred up and the glee exhibited by
everyone in slamming Nathaniel and Co. (lighten up, even if it was
deserved) and
[d] bummed that no-one remembered my keycapture utility survey of nearly a
year and a half ago...as in "gee, I wish _I'd_ thoughta that." ;)
Frankly, I wonder if, in the long run, FV's stunt hasn't wrought more harm
than good: I got a late-night call from a worried but clueless friend
asking me to clarify this "credit card sniffer thing" he'd heard about from
someone else: he was all worried that there was an invisible virus on his
machine. >sigh< It's seems the brush has been set afire: now which way will
the winds blow?
   dave
"With annual interest, compounded every nanosecond, that'll be $0.02000018."

@_date: 1996-02-07 00:19:23
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NOISE] Paranormally Good Privacy 
[  Sorry, but I couldn't resist these excerpts from The mini-Annals of  ]
[  Improbable Research ("mini-AIR" Issue  Feb, 1996)  --dave   ]
................................. cut here .................................
1996-02-06	PGP-Y
Our paranormal testing program has already had one commercial spin-off. Our
engineers have developed a truly foolproof data security protocol. It is
called PGP-Y -- "Pretty Good Parasychology." The mechanism is simple. You
imagine that you have transmitted data to someone; that person then
imagines that he has received it. Using PGP-Y, any type of information can
be transmitted over the Internet with complete security. The key is that
the data is transmitted high over the net -- so high that the data actually
travels above the net rather than within it. The data is transmitted
telepathically (and for those who distrust electronic funds, we also have a
scheme for transmitting cash and gold plate telekinetically.)
................................. cut here .................................
   dave
"OK, now everybody who believes in Telekinesis, raise my hand."

@_date: 1996-02-11 13:13:34
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Req. for soundbites 
I don't have soundbites per se, but since Senator  (Larry Pressler)
described in the Bottom Ten Congresspeople post below is a leading CDA
Goose, this might be worth a gander...
   dave
................................. cut here .................................
The Ten Most Dimwitted Members of Congress
BY  KEN SILVERSTEIN  (As published in The Progressive)
H.L. Mencken once wrote that since elections produced such dreadful
results, citizens should stop wasting their time voting and simply pick
their representatives at random from the phone book.  Mencken's barb has
even more sting these days since the quality of political leadership seems
to have dropped precipitously, as a few random hours watching C-Span
quickly reveals.
     Identifying the ten most dimwitted members of Congress was a
difficult task.  To do so, I canvassed several dozen sources-- liberal
and conservative, Democrat and Republican-- on Capitol Hill. Seven
freshmen and one sophomore won a place on the list. Thanks to the sheer
brute stupidity of these newcomers, world-class contenders like New York
Senator Alfonse D'Amato and California Representative Bob Dornan didn't
even come close to making the final cut.
     Before turning to the roll call, a few caveats.
     First, I intended to create a bipartisan list, but was unable to come
up with any suitable Democratic candidates. This in no way reflects the
high intellectual caliber of the party, which has its fair share of
nitwits.  However, I found that while Democrats were eager to point to
Republicans, the opposite was not the case: Republicans fingered their
own.  "That's the luxury you have when you're in the majority," one
Democratic staffer complained bitterly.
     Second, while most of the members here come from the GOP's right wing,
it would be a mistake to conclude, as many liberals do, that conservatives
are generally dumb: Newt Gingrich and Jesse Helms are anything but stupid.
     Finally, while the distinguished members of the list may enrich the
nation's political folklore, their foolishness is dangerous.
     That said, the winners are:
No. 10 - Representative Martin Hoke - Ohio (first elected in 1992)
     Hoke, a millionaire businessman, was a political unknown when he
defeated Representative Mary Rose Oakar in 1992.  He's accomplished
little in Washington and would likely still be unknown if it weren't for
his frequent blunders.
     After President Clinton's 1994 State of the Union address, Hoke and a
Democratic colleague, Eric Fingerhut, were asked for comment by a local
network affiliate.  The pair was wired up by producer Lisa Dwyer.  As she
walked away, Hoke-- unaware that his observations were being recorded by an
open microphone-- exclaimed in a mock accent, "She has the beeeeeg breasts."
The day after this slip, Hoke expressed a certain relief when an escaped
Ohio convict went on a murder spree, suggesting to a reporter that the
killings might knock his remark about Dwyer off the front pages of local
     This was not Hoke's only slip in the area of gender politics.
Interviewed by The New York Times's Maureen Dowd about the life of the
single man on Capitol Hill, Hoke, a divorcee, replied, "I could date Maria
Cantwell or Blanche Lambert- they're hot."  Cantwell and Lambert, fellow
members of Congress, were not amused.
     Hoke fervently attacks "big government," but sometimes seems unfamiliar
with his target.  In 1992, he was demanding urgent reform at the Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, an agency abolished three years
     When Hoke defeated Oakar he had the band at his victory party play,
"Ding Dong, the Witch Is Dead."  Commenting on Hoke's D.C. exploits, Oakar
has suggested that the Congressman should change the tune to another song
from The Wizard of Oz: "If I Only Had a Brain."
No. 9 - Representative Don Young - Alaska (1973)
     The new head of the House Resources Committee, Young is best known for
his rabid attacks on ecologists.  Animal-rights advocate Mary Tyler Moore
once read a poem about the cruelty of steel-jaw leg-hold traps before the
Merchant Marine subcommittee, where Young previously served.  Accompanying
Moore was Cleveland Amory, who periodically inserted a pencil in a trap,
causing it to snap shut.
     The moment was highly charged and Young, as a hunter and trapper,
realized dramatic action was required to turn the tide.  His solution
was to place his hand into a trap he had brought along to the hearing, and
then begin to calmly question a witness as though nothing unusual had
happened.  "I never told a anyone, but it hurt like hell," Young later
confided to a Congressional staffer.
     Young also made use of a visual aid at a 1994 hearing.  Young waved an
18-inch oosik-- the penis bone of the walrus-- at Mollie Beattie, director
of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.  Beattie had suggested that Alaskan
Natives should be able to sell oosiks only as handicrafts, not uncarved, a
proposal Young derided.  The incident was especially embarrassing because
Beattie is the first woman to head the Service, and the hearing marked her
debut on the Hill.
     Earlier this year, a group of students in Fairbanks invited the Alaskan
wild man to speak about the GOP's "Contract with America."  Young expounded
on a number of his favorite topics, including the need to slash federal
funding of the arts.  The government, Young said, has funded "photographs
of people doing offensive things" and "things that are absolutely
ridiculous."  One student asked Young what sort of things he had in mind.
"Buttfucking," the Congressman replied (a reference to a 1990 exhibit of
Robert Mapplethorpe photographs in Cincinnati supported by the National
Endowment for the Arts).  Young defended his remarks, saying he was merely
"trying to educate" the inquisitive youngsters.
No. 8 - Representative Sonny Bono - California (1994)
     Sonny Bono, the new Representative of California's forty-fourth
district, is best known in his post-Cher incarnation for his four guest
appearances on Love Boat.  He didn't enter politics because of any keen
desire to better the world.  He was simply mad about how long it took to
get a permit to open a restaurant in Palm Springs.
     Bono's mental shortcomings have long made him a subject of scorn among
California politicians.  During his run for Congress last year, Palm Desert
councilman Walt Snyder called Bono a "laughingstock," and Representative Al
McCandless charged that he took "pride in not having studied [the] issues
until just a few months ago."  Snyder and McCandless, incidentally, are both
Republicans, and they both supported Bono in his race against Democrat Steve
     Bono served as mayor of Palm Springs between 1988 and 1992.  His
public-relations director, Marilyn Baker, later revealed to the Los Angeles
Times that she had to rewrite the mayor's agendas into script form so Bono
could conduct official business. "For call to order, I wrote,  'Sit.'  For
salute the flag, I wrote, 'Stand up, face flag, mouth words.'  For roll
call, I wrote, 'When you hear your name, say yes,"' recalled Baker, who quit
after three depressing months of service.
     Bono's current legislative director, Curt Hollman, is charged with the
Herculean task of summarizing complex issues in short, simple memos that
Bono can comprehend.  Unfortunately, Hollman can't watch during all of his
assignments.  At one Judiciary Committee hearing, Bono complained, "Boy,
it's been flying in this room like I can't believe today.  We have a very
simple and concise bill here, and I think it would be to everyone's pleasure
if we would just pass this thing."  This prompted New York's Charles E.
Schumer to dryly reply, "We're making laws here, not sausages."
     On another occasion, Bono complained that his colleagues were becoming
needlessly bogged down in "technical" matters and legalese.  This about the
Judiciary Committee, which writes laws and deals with trifling matters such
as constitutional protections.
No. 7 - Representative Jack Metcalf - Washington (1994)
     Metcalf describes himself as "a guy willing to take some kamikaze
runs," a statement reflected in some of his policy stances.  He has
advocated, for example, a return to the gold standard and the abolition of
paper money.  Even The Wall Street Journal once mocked Metcalf for keeping
company with "gold bugs, tax protesters, and conspiracy theorists," and
noted with concern that he had secretly buried in the woods thousands of
dollars in silver coins in expectation that "a cataclysm of some sort [will]
engulf the nation."
     Metcalf frequently adopts positions that don't square with his actions.
He is an ardent champion of term limits, yet he has served for twenty-four
years in the Washington state legislature.  During the 1994 campaign, he
pounded his Democratic opponent, Harriet Spanel, with charges that she
opposed the death penalty and was generally indulgent of the criminal
element.  Then, during the final days of the race, the Metcalf camp covertly
contracted prisoners at the Washington State Reformatory to conduct its
telemarketing operation.
     The sixty-seven-year-old Metcalf is an old-fashioned sort, as seen in
his views on curbing teen pregnancies.  As he told interviewers from
Republican Beat-- a fictitious youth magazine dreamed up by Spy-- people
under sixteen "need to be closely chaperoned by their parents.  They won't
like that, but what causes teenage pregnancies all over that we're worried
about is unchaperoned kids. Period."
     Despite his lack of brain power, the courtly Metcalf is popular in
Congress, where he is seen as a well-meaning simpleton.  "Jack wants to do
the right thing," says one House staffer.  "He just doesn't have a clue as
to what the right thing is."
No. 6 - Representative J.D. Hayworth - Arizona (1994)
     A former TV sportscaster and football player, Hayworth, like Gerald
Ford, appears to have forgotten his helmet one too many times.  At a
recent convention of People for the West!, a group linked to the Wise Use
movement, Hayworth said that logging was a particularly beneficial activity
because forests are a fire hazard.
     Hayworth's entire political philosophy can be boiled down to "Big
government, bad; less government, good."  The Arizona Republic has said that
"substance has never been a strong suit of Hayworth's (even by sportscasting
standards)," and that he even has "to read his cliches from a script."
     Hayworth's major activity since coming to Washington-- and one that
invariably sets off waves of anguished head-slapping on the floor-- is his
daily one-minute statement.  His attempts at humor elicit groans, as when
he suggested to the opposition party that it "lure Freddy Krueger as the
new liberal Democrat spokesman" and "set up a new political-action
committee, the 'Whine Producers.' "
     Though decidedly dumb, Hayworth is also smooth and relentless.  "You
can't have a real debate with Hayworth," says one Democratic staffer.  "He
talks as passionately about his need to take a No. 1 as he does about the
need to cut government spending."
No. 5 - Representative John Hostettler - Indiana (1994)
     Hostettler's dumb roots run deep.  He's an enthusiast of Dan "Potatoe"
Quayle, who campaigned on Hostettler's behalf.  And he has Quayle's penchant
for putting his foot in his mouth.
     In opposing gun control to a group of high-school students, he
suggested that the Second Amendment allowed for the private ownership of
nuclear weapons as well as handguns.  He alienated Jewish voters when, at
a candidates' forum he made reference to the people "who killed Jesus
     Hostettler sometimes cites historical precedent in pushing the Contract
with America, though his grasp of the subject is shaky at best.  He blithely
supported slashing government spending, including deep cuts in social
programs, saying in a speech on the House floor on March 16 that "American
society can and will take better care of its needy without the interference
of the federal government."  To back this assertion, he referred to the
progressive era, when "local charitable agencies" looked after the poor.
     (Never mind progressive-era books, like Lincoln Steffens's The Shame
of the Cities and Upton Sinclair's The Jungle, that detailed the urban
misery that private charities failed to dent.)  "The signature notion of
the progressive era was the demand for government regulation to ameliorate
society's injustices," says Josh Brown, a historian and media director of
Hunter College's American Society History Project, "Hostettler's got his
history all wrong."
No. 4 - Representative Frank Cremeans - Ohio (1994)
     "The Greeks and the Romans were homosexuals.  Their civilizations did
not stand.  Did they come in contact with a social disease like AIDS? I
don't know the answer.  But I wonder."  This was Frank Cremeans pondering
the enigmas of history during the 1994 campaign against Democrat Ted
Strickland.  Comments like this prompted the Dayton Daily News to call
Cremeans "a bad joke" whose election would constitute "a mockery of
     Cremeans has continued to make bizarre statements since taking up
residence in the Capitol.  He once declared his opposition to sex before
marriage, saying that "marriage is a very sanctimonious commitment."  In an
interview with a radio station in Marietta, Ohio, during which he discussed
Congress's first 100 days under Newt Gingrich, Cremeans excitedly declared
to the show's host, "Just think about it, Mike, we're advancing backwards!"
     Cremeans might have ranked lower here but, unlike some of his
competitors, he is smart enough to know he's dumb.  He wisely refuses
to answer any substantive questions from the press or public, referring all
such inquiries to his chief of staff, Barry Bennett, a prominent Ohio
Republican who is viewed in Washington as Cremeans's babysitter-- "His
handlers can tell him anything and he'll simply repeat it over and over,"
says one committee staffer familiar with Cremeans.  "He takes direction well
but when he tries to think on his feet he quickly gets into trouble."
No. 3 - Senator Larry Pressler - South Dakota (1978)
Pressler, the only Senator to make the list, is considered to be a
hopeless nitwit by virtually all of his colleagues.  Ted Kennedy once asked
a former Senatorial colleague of Pressler, "Has he had a lobotomy?"  South
Dakota's other senator, Thomas Daschle, said of Pressler, "A Senate seat is
a terrible thing to waste."
     Pressler has had repeated difficulties with closets.  On one occasion
he fell asleep in one and arrived late to an important hearing.  In
another incident he rose from a meeting with colleagues in the Commerce
Committee and mistook a closet door for the exit.  He realized his mistake
but apparently thought the best strategy would be to wait to emerge until
everyone else left the room, a tactic that failed when his companions
decided to wait him out.
     Pressler has sponsored virtually no important legislation during his
two decades in Washington, a fact he seeks to obscure by issuing
frequent press releases touting his meager achievements.  One example: "New
York Times Carries Pressler Drought Letter."
     Parliamentary procedure has never been one of Pressler's strong points.
During the recent mark-up of the Omnibus Telecommunications Bill, lobbyists
assisting the proceedings on TV from a Commerce Committee anteroom roared
with laughter as Chairman Pressler mangled the hearings.  To keep him from
participating in committee affairs, Republican staffers distract Pressler
with a constant stream of unimportant memos.
No. 2 - Representative Helen Chenoweth - Idaho (1994)
     Chenoweth-- an ultraconservative who prefers to be called Congressman--
is a close political and philosophical ally of the loonier sectors of the
militia movement.  Earlier this year she claimed that federal agents
enforcing the Endangered Species Act were landing black helicopters on
ranchers' properties in western states.
     On the campaign trail last year, Chenoweth held fundraisers where she
sold baked Sockeye Salmon, an endangered species.  Asked if she believed
the Sockeye were truly threatened, she said, "How can I, when you can go in
and you can buy a can of salmon off the shelf in Albertson's?"  According
to Chenoweth, "It's the white Anglo-Saxon male that's endangered today."
     To one group of scientists who testified before the resources
committee, Chenoweth said, "I want to thank you for all being here and
I condemn the panel."  At a field hearing on the Endangered Species Act in
New Bern, North Carolina, she apologized to a witness, saying, "I didn't
understand everything you said.  You all talk so funny down here."  On the
House floor, she once protested, "Excuse me, but can someone please explain
what an ecosystem is?"
     Chenoweth blindly attacks any proposal emanating from the White House.
She once arrived badly late to an energy subcommittee hearing, and quickly
began attacking Administration officials who were testifying about a
proposed bill that she opposed.  The acting chair, John Doolittle of
California, finally cut Chenoweth off to inform her that the officials
shared her position.
No. 1 - Representative Jon Christensen - Nebraska (1994)
     Unquestionably the dumbest man to serve in the 104th Congress,
Christensen rails against the "liberal elite," whom he claims is out of
touch with the daily struggles of common folk.  Christensen himself has no
achievements to speak of, and, prior to his election, lived off the interest
income of his wife, Meredith, who springs from a rich Texas clan.
     After graduating from law school, Christensen twice failed the Nebraska
bar exam, finally squeaking through on his third attempt.  No law firm would
hire him (except for clerking duties), so Christensen was forced to sell
insurance.  He supplemented his income by peddling lawn fertilizer out of
his garage.  In a brazen display of resume inflation, Christensen now
describes his past positions as "Insurance Marketing Director" and
"Fertilizer Holding Company Executive."
     During the 1994 campaign, Christensen held a question-and-answer
session at Omaha's Westside High School.  Apparently fearful that their man
would wither under pressure, Christensen's aides prepared questions in
advance and handed them out to students who were volunteers for his
campaign, telling them to clutch their pens in their  hand so the candidate
would know who to call on.  Other students learned of the fix, and foiled
Christensen's plot by holding pens in their hands when asking questions.
"If he can't stand up to a roomful of seventeen-year-olds, how is he going
to stand up to the U.S. Congress?" Westside senior Joey Hornstein asked the
local press.
     During a radio interview in Nebraska, Christensen vigorously attacked
welfare recipients, saying he favored cutting all government "hand-outs and
subsidies" to "eliminate people's reliance on government."  When the host
pointed out that Christensen had outstanding student loans of between
$30,000 and $100,000, the Congressman feebly replied, "Well, I wouldn't have
been able to go to school if I didn't have a student loan."
     In another staggering display of imbecility, Christensen once called
a press conference to announce his personal deficit-reduction plan, which
called for cuts in government spending of $1.5 trillion.  When informed by
a reporter that $1.5 trillion was the entire budget, a bewildered
Christensen hastily changed topics.

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:28:25
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [S1567] Leahy vs CDA 
[This was Senator Leahy's reply to my mail to him on the CDA. -dave ]

@_date: 1996-01-20 20:43:58
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NOISE] FIG_newt/on CIA 
[ This came to me from someone at Apple, through our pal Stephan Somogyi ]
[ ...another "your tax dollars hard at work" story... heh.    --dave     ]
................................. cut here .................................
There's an easter egg in the 2.0 Newton (MessagePad 120) which was
"censored" by, yes, the CIA.
Back in '94, one of the Newton software types make a trek to the (very)
small town of Rachel, Nevada, which is located at the edge of a secret
government airbase. The base, called "Area 51," is thought by
UFO-enthusiasts to be filled with alien technology which the government is
in the process of reverse engineering. Meanwhile, the government denies the
very existence of the base, in spite of widespread media coverage ("Larry
King Live from Area 51", etc.).
We figured it'd be funny to put a reference to Area 51 in the Newton --
especially given the substantial overlap between conspiracy buffs and
computer nerds. So, in the "Time Zones" application, contains a world map,
we put an entry for Area 51 in its correct location. Later, we added a
twist -- if the user picks Area 51 from the map, the icons in the datebook
application take on an alien theme. Normally, meetings are represented by
an icon of two people face-to-face, events are represented by a flag, etc.,
etc. But when Area 51 has been chosen, the icon for a meeting is a person
facing an alien, the icon for an event is a flying saucer, a to-do task is
represented by a robot, an so on.
Okay, cute enough. Now cut to August 1995, when the 2.0 ROM has been
declared final, seed units have been in customers' hands for a little
while, and the release is just about ready to go. One of the seed units, it
turns out, was sent to a cryptographer working for the CIA. When he found
that Area 51 was listed at the correct latitude/longitude, he complained to
Apple, demanding the removal of the easter egg and threatening to have his
superiors take the issue to Spindler if necessary. In the end, Newton
management caved in to the demand, and decided to pull the joke out of the
But the ROM was already done -- so the feature was hidden by a software
patch ("System Update") -- but this part of the patch can itself be
removed, and "Area 51" returned to its rightful glory. Here's how to get
the easter egg back:
1) Open the Extras drawer.
2) Switch the folder of the Extras drawer to "Storage".
3) Tap on the icon "Time Zones" and press the "Delete" button.
   Warning -- any cities you've added to your Newton will be lost.
4) Switch the folder of the extras drawer back to "Unfiled icons."
5) Tap on "Time Zones."
You'll find that Area 51 is on the map -- just tap near Las Vegas and
choose Area 51 from the popup. Now look at the icons in Dates. (To purge
the aliens from your PDA, open the back and press reset).

@_date: 1996-01-29 19:30:55
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NOISE] FIG_newt/on CIA 
[ This came to me from someone at Apple, through our pal Stephan Somogyi ]
[ ...another "your tax dollars hard at work" story... heh.    --dave     ]
................................. cut here .................................
There's an easter egg in the 2.0 Newton (MessagePad 120) which was
"censored" by, yes, the CIA.
Back in '94, one of the Newton software types make a trek to the (very)
small town of Rachel, Nevada, which is located at the edge of a secret
government airbase. The base, called "Area 51," is thought by
UFO-enthusiasts to be filled with alien technology which the government is
in the process of reverse engineering. Meanwhile, the government denies the
very existence of the base, in spite of widespread media coverage ("Larry
King Live from Area 51", etc.).
We figured it'd be funny to put a reference to Area 51 in the Newton --
especially given the substantial overlap between conspiracy buffs and
computer nerds. So, in the "Time Zones" application, contains a world map,
we put an entry for Area 51 in its correct location. Later, we added a
twist -- if the user picks Area 51 from the map, the icons in the datebook
application take on an alien theme. Normally, meetings are represented by
an icon of two people face-to-face, events are represented by a flag, etc.,
etc. But when Area 51 has been chosen, the icon for a meeting is a person
facing an alien, the icon for an event is a flying saucer, a to-do task is
represented by a robot, an so on.
Okay, cute enough. Now cut to August 1995, when the 2.0 ROM has been
declared final, seed units have been in customers' hands for a little
while, and the release is just about ready to go. One of the seed units, it
turns out, was sent to a cryptographer working for the CIA. When he found
that Area 51 was listed at the correct latitude/longitude, he complained to
Apple, demanding the removal of the easter egg and threatening to have his
superiors take the issue to Spindler if necessary. In the end, Newton
management caved in to the demand, and decided to pull the joke out of the
But the ROM was already done -- so the feature was hidden by a software
patch ("System Update") -- but this part of the patch can itself be
removed, and "Area 51" returned to its rightful glory. Here's how to get
the easter egg back:
1) Open the Extras drawer.
2) Switch the folder of the Extras drawer to "Storage".
3) Tap on the icon "Time Zones" and press the "Delete" button.
   Warning -- any cities you've added to your Newton will be lost.
4) Switch the folder of the extras drawer back to "Unfiled icons."
5) Tap on "Time Zones."
You'll find that Area 51 is on the map -- just tap near Las Vegas and
choose Area 51 from the popup. Now look at the icons in Dates. (To purge
the aliens from your PDA, open the back and press reset).

@_date: 1996-03-31 10:34:49
@_author: ddt at lsd.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
References: Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Sender: New Millennium Communications / Boulder, CO.
X-PGP-KeyID-Fprnt: 4AAF00E5 - 30D81F3484E6A83F  6EC8D7F0CAB3D265
X-PGP: X-Floppyright: (f)1995 Unlicensed retransmission prohibited.
I agree: this sort of ad hominem attack has no place in a civilized,
reponsible debate on an important topic.
As for Unicorn's end-runs around the govt: I support anyone who challenges
his (or any other) government in order to keep it honest, to the extent
that they do so constructively. I hope you act responsibly, Uni.
Jim, I think you owe Unicorn a public apology, and I think it ought to be
now. If I don't see one, I'm going to feel quite OK about filtering you out
of my future archives of cpunks. Let's see how civilized you're capable of
being: we know you can talk through your "other" orifices.
   dave

@_date: 1996-03-31 19:37:27
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Electronic locksmiths are watching you (Belgium's ban onPGP) 
IMHO, this represents a very America-centric, and a rather innacurate, view
of the world. Sure, we live in a great country in many ways. Sure, we still
enjoy many priviledges, such as owning and using strong crypto. In point of
fact, though, the US is by far the most "behind" country in the wired world
as far as Privacy protections and legislation.
In New Zealand, Hong Kong, the Nederlands, Taiwan, Hungary, most of the EC,
there is a well-defined privacy policy that protects - proactively - the
citizens from intrusive practives by government. Only here in the US do we
suffer under proposed/pending/established legislation such as the CDA. One
might argue that the few loopholes that the other nations allow for
"violations" of personal privacy are egregious (national security, etc),
but they represent the real-world concerns of governments not so
"insulated" by geography, etc as the US. The charge of "restraint" IMHO is
premature, and is more of a projection (in the psych sense) than a reality.
Canada, I've learned here at CFP, has defined a progressive national
privacy policy that proactively protects people -- where we do not
implicitly -- against "processing" of personal data for any purpose other
than a "specific use for which it was gathered. Does the US have such a
p-p-policy? No. Can you argue that other protections in place under the US
Constitution already cover those areas? You could, but there are so many
holes in that argument, and so much is yet to be done by the FTC, that we
now have the phenomenon of "toy" companies putting out 5-page survey web
pages for 5-year-olds that ask what careers they plan and what shoes they
wear. Amazing. I would not argue that myself.
Cypherpunks like Jim need to keep doing their homework before they make
such quasi-factual statements.
   dave

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:02:42
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Test case for RSA t-shirts 
FYI, PRZ mentioned to me last night that the CJR on the OCR-able book of
PGP source is still pending. The "15 days" has stretched into about a year
in that case, if I don't have my dates/the facts wrong. Bob Prior at MIT
would know.
So much for expediency in commerce.

@_date: 1996-05-02 02:33:03
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [LONG] Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
Nice summary, Bill. Now I don't have to do it. ;) I hope this is OK with you...
   dave

@_date: 1996-05-02 19:29:42
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [LONG] Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
V2 now includes your comprehensive notes in HTML. :)
   dave

@_date: 1996-05-15 22:22:15
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [NOISE] Unsub Kit 
Grin-noise of the Day. Typos are (sic) as found. Reply-noise to me, not the
list (please). Don't forget to rinse and repeat.
   dave
................................. cut here .................................
First, ask your Internet Provider to mail you an Unsubscribing Kit.  Then
follow these directions.
The kit will most likely be the standard no-fault type. Depending on
requirements, System A and/or System B can be used. When operating System A,
depress lever and a plastic dalkron unsubscriber will be dispensed through
the slot immediately underneath. When you have fastened the adhesive lip,
attach connection marked by the large "X" outlet hose. Twist the silver-
coloured ring one inch below the connection point until you feel it lock.
The kit is now ready for use. The Cin-Eliminator is activated by the small
switch on the lip. When securing, twist the ring back to its initial
condition, so that the two orange lines meet. Disconnect. Place the dalkron
unsubscriber in the vacuum receptacle to the rear. Activate by pressing the
blue button.
The controls for System B are located on the opposite side. The red release
switch places the Cin-Eliminator into position; it can be adjusted manually
up or down by pressing the blue manual release button. The opening is self-
adjusting. To secure after use, press the green button, which simultaneously
activates the evaporator and returns the Cin-Eliminator to its storage
You may log off if the green exit light is on over the evaporator . If the
red light is illuminated, one of the Cin-Eliminator requirements has not been
properly implemented. Press the "List Guy" call button on the right of the
evaporator . He will secure all facilities from his control panel.
To use the Auto-Unsub, first undress and place all your clothes in the
clothes rack. Put on the velcro slippers located in the cabinet immediately
below. Enter the shower, taking the entire kit with you. On the control panel
to your upper right upon entering you will see a "Shower seal" button. Press
to activate. A green light will then be illuminated immediately below. On the
intensity knob, select the desired setting. Now depress the Auto-Unsub
activation lever. Bathe normally.
The Auto-Unsub will automatically go off after three minutes unless you
activate the "Manual off" override switch by flipping it up. When you are
ready to leave, press the blue "Shower seal" release button. The door will
open and you may leave. Please remove the velcro slippers and place them in
their container.
If you prefer the ultrasonic log-off mode, press the indicated blue button.
When the twin panels open, pull forward by rings A & B. The knob to the left,
just below the blue light, has three settings, low, medium or high. For
normal use, the medium setting is suggested.
After these settings have been made, you can activate the device by switching
to the "ON" position the clearly marked red switch. If during the
unsubscribing operation, you wish to change the settings, place the "manual
off" override switch in the "OFF" position. You may now make the change and
repeat the cycle. When the green exit light goes on, you may log off and have
lunch. Please close the door behind you.

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:46:13
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Eudora 3 EMS API stuff 
Anyone interested in creating plug-ins for Eudora 3.x that provide
encryption/remailer/etc support needs this information.
   dave
................................. cut here .................................
ABOUT THE API
The EMS API is one of several complimentary facilities available for
integrating 3rd party applications and services with Eudora email.
"Plug-ins" interface with Eudora via the EMS API. For Windows the plug-ins
are DLL's and on the Macintosh they are Components.
Abstractly speaking, the EMS API is most suited for performing
transformations, conversions and some other forms of processing on email
messages as they are sent and received by Eudora.
In practice it is very useful for encryption, digital signatures, and
compression. These are all processes that involve encapsulating a message
attachments and all. The EMS API is also very useful for text processing
and conversions. These might include simple formatting and sorting
utilities, or human language translation, and some forms of text-based
encryption. EMS API plug-ins can be used to do data format conversions on
things ranging from graphic images in attachments to international
character sets.
Another interesting category are plug-ins that process messages in some
way, but don't necessarily change them. For example, a plug-in could be set
up so that it scans certain messages for updates to a database like a
catalog and automatically makes the change in the local database. Another
could be used to scan incoming message attachments for viruses. In a sense,
plug-ins can function as filters.
DOCUMENTS AND SDK
As of the end of July we have documentation and support available at
 as follows:
  emsapi1.pdf     - Adobe Acrobat document describing  API version 1
                    (current on Mac)
  emsapi2.pdf     - Acrobat document describing the API version 2
                    (current for Windows)
  chngs2.pdf      - Acrobat document showing changes between version 1 & 2
  EMS-API-SDK-1.0b3.hqx   - Macintosh developer's kit
  ems1b2.zip              - The Windows software developer's kit
The developers kit includes a number of support utilities and source code
for four sample plug-ins.
CURRENT STATUS
As of the end of August, Macintosh Eudora Pro 3.0 is shipping and supports
the EMS API version 1. The current Macintosh Eudora Lite (the free version)
does not support the EMS API, but it will and a beta version is expected in
early September if not sooner. Version 1.0b3 of the SDK for the Macintosh
is currently available from our FTP site.
Windows Eudora 3.0 is in beta test right now and supports EMS API version
2. A copy can be obtained from our ftp site. Version 1.0b2 (a public beta
release) of SDK for the API is also now available from our ftp site.
MAILING LIST AND MORE INFORMATION
If you have specific questions about the API you can write to
If you'd like to keep up to date on the API you can join a mailing list we
have for announcements and discussions. To join, send a message to
. This mailing list is manually
administered and is not a listserv, majordomo or listproc, so no special
formatting is needed in the request message.

@_date: 1997-07-08 22:40:53
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Surveillance Modules 
[From the TSCM-L Technical Security Mailing List]
................................. cut here .................................
TSCM Intelligence Update - Spread Spectrum Surveillance Modules
New Spread Spectrum Surveillance Modules
There are some new spread spectrum products coming into the US by way of
China, and are starting to show up in Spy Shops on the West coast, Chicago,
and Miami area.
Two sided, four layer, surface mount PCB, several RF and audio IC's,
several pots, coils, etc. Device is a raw module, designed for covert
installations in an office or SOHO environment.
SM connector for antenna, micro molex connector for power and
computer/serial interface.
PCB is 1.5 mm wide, 3.25 mm long, and .5mm thick.
Products are all based on a cordless telephone chip set, 780 Mhz to 980
Mhz, Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum (BPSK/QPSK?).
Analysis of RF section indicates good response from 610 Mhz to 1090 Mhz.
Serial data rates between 56 kb/s and 784 kb/s (12 full audio channels
Devices have a two way RS422 serial port to facilitate setup prior to field
Programmed RF power levels range is spec'd between 50mw and 250mw, suspect
the circuits will operate as low as 5mw. Evaluation of the RF amp indicates
that RF section should support a full watt of power with no problem.
Recommended voltage is 3/6vdc, but circuit should work fine on 9 or 12vdc.
Connections for two or three wire transducers. Audio path is thru pre-amp,
compander, CODEC, and controller. Looks like it can support two elements,
each with its own tunable preselector.
Large amount of 60 hz filtering, suspect they were originally designed for
installation into power strips (APC, Best, Woods, etc).
Look for the low level multihump signature on the spectrum analyser, and
take a REAL hard look at all surge protectors.
Be sure to "box" all electrical artifacts encountered on a TSCM sweep.
Well engineered, suspect cost to manuf. is under $35, should be popular,
most of the spy shops are selling these for $1500 to $3000.
More details to follow after the holiday, should have an update by that
time regarding the VLF devices being built by Thompson, and E-Systems.
 --James M. Atkinson

@_date: 1998-04-08 20:23:32
@_author: ddt at lsd.com 
@_subject: House Democrats, ACLU criticize Clinton on crypto stand 
There is some value in having a 900-pound software industry gorilla like
NAI pushing at the foolishness of current export policy in a 100% legal
way: it demonstrates to more and more of the citizenry (and business
leaders with influence) just how empty, archaic and damaging to US
interests that the current policies are.
It also gives Loyal Members of the Opposition such as the House Demo's and
the ACLU ample "ammunition" (excuse the expression) to discuss the details
of said Administration foolishness in full public view.
[ Excerpts below from ACLU's CYBER-LIBERTIES UPDATE 7 April 98           ]
[ for more details, see   ]
House Democrats Criticize Clinton Position on Encryption
Twelve Democratic members of Congress last week sent a letter to President
Clinton telling him that they "strongly support legislation that would
substantially reform the Administration's export restrictions on
American-made encryption products."
The letter further states that the members are not satisfied with the
Administration's decision to attempt to resolve the current impasse on its
position on encryption by holding meetings with industry rather than
through legislation.
The letter also criticizes the administration's position on encryption
requiring strict restrictions on export of encryption programs despite the
widespread global availability and the impact of such restrictions on
privacy and commerce.
The letter further states:
Two developments in only the last two weeks illustrate the futility in
banning encryption's export or use. Network Associates, the nation's
largest independent maker of computer security software, has announced that
its Dutch subsidiary will sell an international version of its strongest
encryption program. In addition, an MIT scientist, Ronald Rivest, has just
proposed a new technique for securing computer files and communications,
called "chaffing and winnowing," which doesn't involve encryption at all.
The point is that the Administration can hardly control the proliferation
or direction of technology in the digital age. Consequently, the
discussions with industry will succeed only if the Administration commits
itself in these discussions to a major overhaul of its current export
policies and to policies that do not mandate or compel domestic controls on
encryption. Rather, government should recognize that in the coming decades
the protection of our nation's critical infrastructure and national
security interests demand foremost that American industry retain its global
leadership in the digital arena. A strong domestic high-tech industry -- in
cooperation with national security agencies and law enforcement officials
which have been granted sufficient resources by our government for meeting
the challenges of the digital age -- is the foremost priority for ensuring
American security and global leadership in the Information Age."
The letter was signed by the following Members of Congress:
Richard A. Gephardt, M.C.
Zoe Lofgren, M.C.
Vic Fazio, M.C.
Martin Frost, M.C.
Sam Gejdenson, M.C.
John Conyers, Jr., M.C.
Edward J. Markey, M.C.
Anna G. Eshoo, M.C.
Rick Boucher, M.C.
Calvin M. Dooley, M.C.
James P. Moran, M.C.
Adam Smith, M.C.
ACLU Report Challenges Clinton Scare Tactics on Encryption
Charging that the Clinton Administration is using scare tactics to acquire
vast new powers to spy on all Americans, the ACLU has begun circulating a
white paper on the escalating battles over wiretapping in the digital age
to key members of Congress.
The new ACLU report -- Big Brother in the Wires -- says that the current
struggle over cryptography policy holds far-reaching and possibly
irrevocable consequences for all Americans. It makes an impassioned case
for limiting the government's ability to seize and review private
communications -- whether they are telephone conversations, FAX messages,
electronic mail, electronic fund transfers or medical records -- by
permitting the use of strong encryption.
The report comes as Congress grapples with fundamental disagreements over
encryption policy. On one side of the policy impasse are the law
enforcement and national security agencies -- the Justice Department, the
FBI, the National Security Council, the Drug Enforcement Agency and many
state and local agencies. On the other side are the communications
industry, the country's leading cryptographers and computer scientists and
civil liberties and privacy advocates.
"We are now at an historic crossroads," the report says. "We can use
emerging technologies to protect our personal privacy, or we can succumb to
scare tactics and to exaggerated claims about the law enforcement value of
electronic surveillance and give up our cherished rights, perhaps forever."
"If President Clinton and federal law enforcement authorities have their
way, new technology will make possible a much more intrusive and omniscient
level of surveillance than has ever been possible before," said ACLU
Legislative Counsel Gregory T. Nojeim. "Congress must reject this blatant
power grab and keep Big Brother out of our wires."
The ACLU report can be found at:
 -end excerpts-

@_date: 1998-04-28 02:18:53
@_author: ddt at lsd.com 
@_subject: kid informers 
"Hi, kids! My name is Harry Recon, and this is my twin sister, Aerial.
  She's going to tell you about the History of the CIA in another section
  of the kid's page. We know some great books, too! Read all about it!
  My parents named me after President Harry Truman, who created the Central
  Intelligence Agency when he signed the National Security Act on Sept. 18,
  1947. My family has always supported the Agency and its predecessor, the
  Office of Strategic Services (OSS), roosting wherever it was camped and
  keeping an eye out in defense of our country, too.
  In 1961, when the Agency moved from downtown Washington, DC, to Langley,
  Virginia, we naturally followed. My dad says that we Recons have been in
  the intelligence operations business throughout US history:
  With Paul Revere on his midnight ride.
  With Virginia Hall as she arrived in France during World War II.
  Winging along side the U-2 as it took off to gather overhead pictures.
  Let Aerial tell you more about where we live and work and about our
  family history."
  "This is not an effort to recruit," a spokesman for the spy agency
I wonder what genius came up with this idea.

@_date: 1998-08-18 19:31:34
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: Firm X 
This came to me via subliminal channel. I am neither the author of it, nor
do I make any claim that I have vetted the material. I'm posting it only to
honor the request of the sender. I can make no assertions as to its
validity, only that I'm forwarding it as I received it, without any
modifications save my signature and the space I prepended to the key block's
header and footer lines to avoid the normal signing-of-key problems some
might have.
   dave
................................. cut here .................................
'firm x' - as part of its development research effort - is soliciting
interest from technical professionals in the fields of cryptography,
information protection, physical security, network architecture and
security policy.
in connection with its advanced payment system development project and
related network architecture design requirements 'firm x' anticipates a
near immediate need for-
5-7 full time network/software research and development hires
interested parties should possess the highest abilities in symmetric and
asymmetric cryptography, and implementation, network security, hardware
security, network penetration and network architecture design.
3-4 full time hardware research and development hires
interest parties should possess the highest abilities in secure hardware
design and development, tamper resistance, and related fields.
2-3 technical strategy and management directors
interested parties should possess an in depth knowledge of cryptography,
cryptography policy, and information security issues.
candidates must be willing to undertake relocation to 'firm x' offices in
switzerland or bordering nations.
salaries consummate with salary history and experience
distinctive benefits include:
swiss 'b residency permits' for employee and all members of employee's
immediate family firm and cantonal sponsored path to swiss citizenship by naturalization
firm sponsored international tax consulting assistance
firm and cantonal subsidized mortgage assistance
firm sponsored language and integration assistance
3 week winter development workshop on site at firm faculties in noted
european ski region
parties responding to this survey will receive preferential treatment
during the actual recruiting process.
please note that this is a solicitation of interest only and not to be
confused with a notice of available positions.
interested parties should reply by email with cv/resume to:
firmx at hotmail.com
pseudonymous responses will be accepted
encrypted responses are encouraged
 -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
 -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-12-10 19:17:19
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] SF Bay Area Cypherpunks Dec '98 Physical Meeting 
Hash: SHA1
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks, 80th Chairborne Regiment
December 1998 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
  Sat 12 December 1998
  1:00 - 6:00 PM
  Mrs. Fields' Cookies shop*
  Embarcadero 4, Embarcadero Center complex
   - A few paces east of Drumm and Washington St.
   - Ground floor, North side
   - Near the payphones
   - (* Ever been to a 2600 meeting? Same location. Follow your nose.)
   The December Physical Meeting of the San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks
   will be held on Saturday 12 December 1998 from 1-6 PM. This is an "Open
   Meeting on US Soil" and, as always, members of the Public are encouraged
   to attend.
Meeting Agenda:
   "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
 1:00-2:00
   Informal pre-meeting gathering
    - Accepting cookies from strangers, etc.
 2:00-6:00
   Agenda TBD on-the-fly at the meeting... Suggested topics:
   EFF UDHR Event post-event discussion    Wassenaar recent news discussion
   Anonymous Coward conferencing systems
   Non-US based crypto archives/CD-burning
   The recent Dutch "Hippiepunkje" visit (some XS4ALL folks were here)
   Zero-Knowledge Systems beta update    Securify, Inc.    Harmless Little Boxes discussion
   CryptoRights Foundation (brief update)
   CIPHR'99 conference update    RSA 1999 Data Security Conference planning
   PGP Keysigning session:
    - Bring a printout of your key's fingerprint/keyid/size + photoID
    - Load your key info into your Pilot or Newton for IR beaming
 6:00-?
   Dinner at a nearby restaurant usually follows the meeting (see    meeting notes below).
Featured Speakers:
   (TBD)
Meeting Notes:
   At the December meeting, if there's consensus that it's cold outdoors
   at 2 PM, we'll probably move to the Uno's Pizzeria or Chevy's on the top
   level of the Embarcadero Complex (not the top floor of the tower, more
   like the fourth floor, accessible via the escalators or elevators).
   Someone please bring a GPS unit!
   If you haven't seen it yet, "Enemy of the State" is playing in SF at:
     AMC Kabuki 8          1:30-5:00-7:45-8:10-10:35
     Blumenfeld Regency   12:00-2:35-9:00
     Empire 3             11:30-2:15-5:00-7:45-10:30
Location Info:
   Southbound on Market St. from the Embarcadero/Steuart.
   HARD RIGHT on Drumm St. (not left on Spear).
   Beat it down to Washington St. (a block or two).
   RIGHT on Washington, into cul-de-sac.
   You can almost smell us from there. Or the cookies.
   The best way to get to Mrs. Fields' is to park _under_ it in the
   Embarcadero 4 parking lot, accessible from the cul-de-sac.
   NOTE: Get your PARKING VALIDATED and it's FREE!
   Food (non-magic cookies) and beverages are available at Mrs. Fields'.
   There are several other places nearby to grab a snack during the meeting.
Location Maps:
   Mrs. Fields' Cookies:
     (red star over Mrs. Fields)
IMPORTANT HEADS-UP for January!
The January Physical Meeting WILL NOT be held on the usual second Saturday of the month, but rather on 16 January 1999 (the THIRD Saturday) to coincide with the RSA 1999 Data Security Conference
 from 17-21 Jan), for which many cypherpunks
will be in town from all over the world.
We're currently scheduled (pending confirmation from the RSA conference chief, which seems likely) to have the meeting from 12 Noon until 6 PM in the "B1" room (or possible "B2") in the SJCC (San Jose Convention Center), which is, conveniently, precisely where the RSA conference is being held.
Final meeting info will be available (here) at:
If you have any questions, please send them to the Jan co-organizers:
 Bill Stewart  Dave Del Torto

@_date: 1998-03-27 04:37:28
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: anti-snoop RF detector 
Anyone have any info on this "Series Technology" company?
   dave
................................. cut here .................................
[ WhiteBoard News Excerpt: Wed 18 March 1998 ]
Taipei, Taiwan:
Taiwan's high-tech "peeping Toms" may have met their match in the form of a
pocket-sized device designed to detect pornographers' hidden cameras.
The "Discovery I" device, which resembles a pager, detects radio waves
emitted by the wireless remote-control cameras that criminal groups have
installed some hotel rooms, toilets and department store fitting rooms to
spy on unsuspecting patrons.
Pictures taken by such cameras of couples having sex or women trying on
garments are widely available in Taiwan's underground pornography market.
"Hopefully this device can give people more assurance when they are in
public establishments," said a representative for Series Technology, which
launched the detector Tuesday.
Several cases have come to light in Taiwan in recent weeks in which people
have bought pornographic videotapes, only to discover themselves as the
featured attraction.
Police are cracking down on the illegal practice, using far more
sophisticated scanners, and have made numerous arrests.

@_date: 1998-10-07 17:05:19
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Bay Cypherpunks Mtg, Sat 10 Oct, Stanford 
Online version: October 1998  Physical Meeting
General Info:
  Sat 10 Oct
  1:00 - 5:00 PM
  Stanford University Campus (Palo Alto, California)
    - Tressider Union courtyard
   The October Physical Meeting of the San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks
   will be held on Saturday 10 October 1998 from 1-5 PM. This is an "Open
   Meeting on US Soil" and, as always, members of the Public are encouraged
   to attend.
Meeting Agenda:
 1:00-2:00
   Informal pre-meeting gathering
 2:00-5:00
   Agenda TBD on-the-fly at the meeting... Some suggestions:
   CIPHR'99 conference announcement
   MacCrypto'98 summary
   Yet Another Snake-Oil cluster-jerk. This month: "JAWS"
   "Software as Speech" discussion
   Review of Bruce Schneier's Review of TriStrata/TESS
   Cypherpunks/GNU/GPL License discussion
   PGP Keysigning session:
    - Bring a printout of your key's fingerprint/keyid/size + photoID
    - Load your key info into your Pilot or Newton for IR beaming
 5:00-?
   Dinner at a nearby restaurant usually follows the meeting.
Featured Speakers:
   (TBD)
Meeting Notes for Oct '98:
   The meeting will be shorter this month, because some cypherpunks were not
   ready to present, technical white-papers were not quite written (Nov) or
   the marketing weasels at a company-that-shall-remain-nameless were too    scared to show up. ;)
   MacCrypto'98 is being held this week nearby at Apple in Cupertino:
   several out-of-town cypherpunks are lurking. Therefore, it's extremely
   likely that agenda items will arise in realtime, so
   "you must be present to win."
   Because of the loose agenda, the meeting will begin slightly later than
   normal: 1:00 pm pre-meeting (instead of noon), 2:00 pm for the meeting.
   This is probably our last outdoor meeting for 1998.
   Unless I'm mistaken, this is our seven-year anniversary meeting(?).
Location Info:
   The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
   meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford    University campus, at the tables outside Tresidder Union, at the end of
   Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
   We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the    horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
   is and they'll help you find it.
   Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tressider.
Location Maps:
   Stanford Campus (overview, Tresidder highlighted).
       Tresidder Union (zoomed detail view).
       Printable Stanford Map (407k).

@_date: 1998-10-08 07:59:27
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Bay Cypherpunks Mtg, Sat 10 Oct, Stanford 
Online version: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks
October 1998  Physical Meeting
General Info:
  Sat 10 Oct
  1:00 - 5:00 PM
  Stanford University Campus (Palo Alto, California)
    - Tressider Union courtyard
   The October Physical Meeting of the San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks
   will be held on Saturday 10 October 1998 from 1-5 PM. This is an "Open
   Meeting on US Soil" and, as always, members of the Public are encouraged
   to attend.
Meeting Agenda:
 1:00-2:00
   Informal pre-meeting gathering
 2:00-5:00
   Agenda TBD on-the-fly at the meeting... Some suggestions:
   CIPHR'99 conference announcement
   MacCrypto'98 summary
   Yet Another Snake-Oil cluster-jerk. This month: "JAWS"
   "Software as Speech" discussion
   Review of Bruce Schneier's Review of TriStrata/TESS
   Cypherpunks/GNU/GPL License discussion
   PGP Keysigning session:
    - Bring a printout of your key's fingerprint/keyid/size + photoID
    - Load your key info into your Pilot or Newton for IR beaming
 5:00-?
   Dinner at a nearby restaurant usually follows the meeting.
Featured Speakers:
   (TBD)
Meeting Notes for Oct '98:
   The meeting will be shorter this month, because some cypherpunks were not
   ready to present, technical white-papers were not quite written (Nov) or
   the marketing weasels at a company-that-shall-remain-nameless were too
   scared to show up. ;)
   MacCrypto'98 is being held this week nearby at Apple in Cupertino:
   several out-of-town cypherpunks are lurking. Therefore, it's extremely
   likely that agenda items will arise in realtime, so
   "you must be present to win."
   Because of the loose agenda, the meeting will begin slightly later than
   normal: 1:00 pm pre-meeting (instead of noon), 2:00 pm for the meeting.
   This is probably our last outdoor meeting for 1998.
   Unless I'm mistaken, this is our seven-year anniversary meeting(?).
Location Info:
   The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
   meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
   University campus, at the tables outside Tresidder Union, at the end of
   Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
   We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
   horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
   is and they'll help you find it.
   Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tressider.
Location Maps:
   Stanford Campus (overview, Tresidder highlighted).
   Tresidder Union (zoomed detail view).
       Printable Stanford Map (407k).

@_date: 2000-12-05 22:58:25
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: "Hello, You're Dead" 
"...Hitting the 5, 6, 7 and 8 buttons on the phone gun fires
  four .22-caliber rounds in quick succession. ..."
OK, so I can accept that only Mad Dogs & (Home Office) Englishmen may
be looney enough to sit around under the noonday press coverage after
someone's leaked their classified plans to store seven years' worth
of everyone's communications (Ministry of Silly Flippin'
Traffic-analysis... MSFT?), and maybe Viagra is responsible for all
this US presidential madness (how else could two old white guys hold
an election for so long? ;) -- but what the hell is going on when you
can't order a damned pizza over the phone without risking that you'll
blow your own salami off?
   dave
"It's not the Voting that makes Democracy, it's the Counting." -Tom Stoppard
