
@_date: 1992-12-18 09:52:02
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: positive reps and paranoia 
I'm just a lurker on this list, trying to pick up on what's happening in this
subset of computing and communications, but my chain's been yanked, and the
subject merits a reply. On the matter of the discussion that's been going on vis-a-vis reputations
versus kill files, I'm afraid we're regressing to the bad old days when
everyone was considered bad and worthy of suspicion until they demonstrated
that they were good and trustworthy. I'd personally rather believe people
are basically good than otherwise. Even if I must occasionally suffer getting
burned, it's easier on the nerves, attitude, and karma to assume the best
in those I interact with. I think it's significant that there are really so
few of us on the net who are actually insufferable and refuse to be shouted
down to reasonable behavior by the civil rest of us. Those few who are will
not be prevented from troubling us by the measures being advocated - positive
reps, scores on 1-to-10 scales, etc. - any more than weapon makers are
deterred by manufacturers of armor. someone who really wanted to could still
flood our group with vitriol, using multiple artificial identities vouched for
by other artificial identities. If such neurotic vengeful behavior were really
likely on the net, we'd have seen it already. What, other than good sense and
a low threshold of boredom, prevents any of us from flooding any and all news
groups with garbage? And if it ever becomes a problem, we'll just have to
appoint a moderator, perhaps on a rotating basis, from among those of us who
are personally acquainted with each other.
My point here isn't that we shouldn't prepare for the worst, but that we
shouldn't get crazy about it. The theoretical aspects of the discussion are
interesting to me, but I just thought it was getting a little close to the edge
not to comment.
Tom DeBoni
(Once I figure this stuff all out, I'll get a "protected" identity, too.)
deboni at llnl.gov

@_date: 1992-11-30 12:53:42
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: tutorial needed 
Howdy! I'm in need of a tutorial text that will bring me up to date on
the current methods and terminology in the crypto arena. Any and all
suggetions are welcome, and since this is probably an old and tired topic on this list, feel free to mail them to me directly.
Tom deBoni
deboni at diego.llnl.gov

@_date: 1993-02-05 12:44:58
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: hardware scramblers 
I don't know a whole lot about this subject, but I'd like to hazard a suggestion
about hardware scramblers. I once upon a time saw an article in some source,
perhaps Popular Science or the like, on how to build a cheap voice scrambler
for telephones using a circuit called a ring demodulator (or something like
that). The curcuit had a ring of diodes, looking like a bridge rectifier,
with the voice and noise source feeding in and some function of the inputs
feeding out. The idea was to pick a radio station at random, use its audio as
a noise source, and let your partner at the other find the station that
renders the signal comprehensble. This only works if both parties have access
to the same radio signals, and can easily be defeated in short order by any
eavesdroppers with radios, but taping your conversation does them no good.
Further, it's cheap, requires no compression or sophisticated hardware, and
uses the whole telephone voice bandwidth.
I've never tried this, so I don't know how well it works, but since it's an
old idea, perhaps it could be dressed up for modern needs.
Tom DeBoni
deboni at llnl.gov

@_date: 1993-01-21 14:59:21
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: privacy vs. public servants 
This is a very interesting thread. But should university academicians working
for state-supported institutions be subject to the same constraints on privacy
and freedom from arbitrary search and seizure in their email and computer files
as high federal governmental officials? I submit that the amount of (real or
potential) oversight should be somehow proportional to the potential for harm
or abuse of power available to the individual involved. Surely Ollie North
or Richard Nixon had much greater abilities to subvert the democratic process
or otherwise break the law than Professor Smith of the Chemistry Dept. of State U.
Tom DeBoni
(a state and federal employee with no power whatsoever)

@_date: 1993-07-22 22:05:17
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: Macpgp 2.3 
I just fetched macpgp 2.3 from soda, and wound up with a file ending in
the suffix "gz". This is a new one on me, and I don't know how to decode
it. Can anybody inform me? Inside whatever it is is a binhexed compactor
file, and I can deal with those formats, but the outside wrapper defies
every decompressing utility I've got.
Tom DeBoni
deboni at llnl.gov

@_date: 1993-07-26 09:26:26
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: thanks for the help on MacPGP 
To all who emailed me with helpful info and advice, thanks! You're too numerous to mention. To all who sent me unencoded versions and the old version
of MacGZ, thanks, also! I've got it squared away, now.
Tom DeBoni
deboni at llnl.gov

@_date: 1993-07-26 14:37:14
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: T-SHIRTS 
Gold on Black sounds very stylish, but if it costs no more, why not go for
some sort of symbolic coat or arms or logo, along with the words? I like the
sword-and-pen idea, myself, although a big-brotherish eye/telescreen with a
red slash through it grabs me, too.
I'm definitely interested in the idea of t-shirts, in general. There is no
unity without a t-shirt and/or a coffee mug, IMHO.
Tom DeBoni
deboni at llnl.gov

@_date: 1993-05-11 10:58:46
@_author: Tom DeBoni 
@_subject: book reference request 
A month or so back, there appeared on this list a reference to a book on
the history of cryptology in telecommunications in the country. If memory
serves me (and it may well not) its title was something like "The Invisible
Weapon". Could some knowing person please send oe the full reference, or
otherwise unconfuse me?
Tom DeBoni
deboni at llnl.gov
