
@_date: 1996-04-10 16:38:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Background on Singapore net-censorship 
Michael, here's the message I was forwarded. Thanks to Joon-Nie for corrections to the articles I included, mainly from the NYT/WP and the Reuters/AP wire.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Spotted this in a newsgroup, but I would caution readers against wholesale
reliance on its contents without some official verification as not all of
it may be entirely correct (at least the Singapore bits weren't - which I
have amended). =========BEGIN FORWARDED MESSAGE=========
In soc.culture.singapore, "Declan B. McCullagh"        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This phrase is at best vague. My guess is that he's referring to the news conference on 5 Mar 96 given by S'pore's Information and the Arts Minister Brig-Gen George Yeo where it was announced that S'pore would be implementing a regulatory framework to inter alia, block off objectionable sites, deem all content providers (except those "acting in personal capacity" - yet to be defined) as licensed, and requiring certain types of content providers (those publishing religious, political or racial content/discussions on websites, and certain online newspapers, in particular those already selling hardcopy versions in S'pore) to register themselves with the S'pore Broadcasting Authority.	
BG Yeo did not in any way "condemn" the internet. On the contrary, if my memory serves me correctly, he said S'pore was going full steam ahead with providing people with access eg. through schools, and that there were already an estimated 100,000 internet users in S'pore.
For full text of the news release, see:
Again, this is not entirely accurate. If I recall correctly, Malaysian Information Minister said some censorship was necessary and agreed with S'pore that ASEAN should work tog to come up with some standards. A day or two later, M'sian Prime Minister Mahathir said something to the effect that censorship was not possible and that education was the key. No active measures by M'sia as far as I'm aware of. Perhaps TM Tan can enlighten us. :)
This was in relation to the news conference on 5 Mar 96 mentioned above on the *planned* regulatory framework. Details and legislation have yet to be tabled in Parliament so none of the proposals mentioned in the release have been carried out as yet although S'pore IASPs have, for several months now, been blocking off access to some 40-50 "objectionable sites" (read: pornographic) from a list given to them by the authorities. Framework details are expected within the next 2 months. Meanwhile a S'pore netter has submitted on 30/3/96 a petition supported by 40 signatories to the authorities against inter alia, regulation of political, religious, racial expression of ideas, and suggesting that govt ministries set up PR depts to counter such ideas if need be.
=========END FORWARDED MESSAGE=========
"Even God has a Geiger-complex"
- Dr Aaron Shut, Chicago Hope -

@_date: 1996-08-03 10:32:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Stop the presses -- the other shoe didn't drop. Despite a flurry of
last-minute hyperbole, the House passed an anti-terrorism bill this
afternoon without the ominous encryption or wiretap provisions. Now
the bill lies in the lap of the Senate, which probably will approve it
later today or tomorrow before they leave town for the August recess.
In the wake of the dual bombings, Congress wanted to be seen as taking
*some* action before they adjourned, and last weekend Clinton and the
Dems started lobbying hard for the heinous measures they wanted in an
anti-terrorism bill. Vastly expanded state-snooping capabilities:
multipoint wiretaps, warrantless short-term wiretaps, dialed-phone
number recorders, and black and smokeless powder taggants. Even
possible of anti-crypto language that Jamie Gorelick, deputy attorney
general, has been shopping around for months.
The Net owes its thanks to the House Republicans for stopping these
fool Dems in a fine backroom political maneuver late last night.
They did it through the House Rules Committee, which in the wee hours
of the morning reported a rule allowing the GOP leadership to introduce
the terrorism bill on the floor today -- without letting Democrats see
it, amend it, or even send it back to committee. It was a good plan --
coordinated by Rep. Chris Cox -- keeping the legislation away from the
hands of the Big Brother Dems.
The Democrats waxed pissy. Rep. David Bonior, the party's whip, called
the majority's maneuvering "extrordinary." John Conyers, the ranking
Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, blasted Gingrich and the
Republican leadership for "bringing a meaningless bill to the House
Conyers said to reporters at 1 pm: "It's a hoax on the American
people. It is all bark and no bite... This bill is missing the
important wiretapping provisions that would allow law enforcement to
find and stop terrorists before they kill. The House Republicans and
the NRA say we should not have emergency authority for surveillance
even if we know terrorists are about to blow a plane out of the sky.
They also say that we should not have wiretap authority for terrorists who
use more than one telephone to make their deadly plans."
Of course, this is political grandstanding at its finest -- or worst.
Conyers conveniently neglected to add that law enforcement officers
already have the right to use roving wiretaps with court approval.
Also, there was a mixup over Digital Telephony funding, compounded by
the text of the legislation's being kept secret until the last minute.
Summaries distributed to reporters early this afternoon said: "The bill
authorizes the FBI to use enhanced telephone technology to investigate
suspected terrorist activity. Funding for equipment purchase was
provided in the 1996 omnibus appropriations measure enacted earlier
this year." But the DT provisions weren't in the final draft of the bill.
Silly Congressperns. The House had *already* approved the DT slushfund
on July 24 as part of the 1997 Commerce, Justice, State departments
appropriations bill.
Now the 1997 CJS appropriations bill goes to the Senate, which will
decide how much cash to give Digital Telephony when they return in early
What's going to happen? Well, Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont), a former
prosecutor and longtime proponent of Digital Telephony, said yesterday
at the Intelligence Committee hearing on terrorism: "I was proud to
have worked with the FBI director to ensure passage of the
Communications Assisatance for Law Enforcement Act, sometimes called
the digital telephony law."
With Republicans like the ones in the House, who needs so-called "civil
libertarian" Democrats?

@_date: 1996-08-07 14:03:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Waiting Game on wiretapping and crypto, from HotWired 
Reply-To: Declan McCullagh Sender: owner-fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu
We have a four-week reprieve until the Senate returns. As I say in the
full article at the URL below, they've been worse than the House when it
comes to wiretapping/crypto/censorship. For instance, senators already
passed the Feinstein Amendment banning bomb-making info (on- and off-line)
as part of a defense appropriations authorization bill.
HotWired, The Netizen
Waiting Game
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 5 August
   In a last-minute legislative crunch before the summer recess, House
   Republicans on Friday outmaneuvered their Democratic counterparts and
   coughed up a surprisingly reasonable anti-terrorism bill, which the
   Senate will act on when Congress returns next month.
   But the Senate has begun its own four-week vacation without voting on
   the measure, and they'll have plenty of time to reintroduce the
   missing [wiretapping] language when they return.
   The outlook, frankly, is dismal, says Don Haines of the American Civil
   Liberties Union. "The Senate has been much more interested in giving
   the FBI a blank check. They've been much more sympathetic to
   increasing wiretapping. They've been much less interested in
   protecting privacy," Haines said.
   Meanwhile, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) - a staunch opponent of
   the Communications Decency Act - continues to tout his Digital
   Telephony legislation, which he shepherded through Congress in 1994...
   Perhaps Harry Browne, the Libertarian Party's candidate for president,
   had it right when he said last week: "If we're not careful, half of
   the Bill of Rights will fall victim to the frantic desire of
   Republican and Democratic politicians to appear tough on terrorists."
   The last few years have seen several murderous acts of terror on
   American soil - and now, with the explosion of TWA Flight 800, in
   American airspace. Americans should brace themselves for even more...
   Whether the terror is foreign or domestic in origin, one thing's for
   certain: cries for a government crackdown will mount.
   But by granting their government police-state powers, Americans will
   have awarded terrorists their first substantial victory in the United
   States.

@_date: 1996-08-08 09:29:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: G7 Threat Alert from international Net-coalition (8/7/96) 
[Redistribute widely. Add'l info at  --Declan]
   ALERT FROM A COALITION OF ONLINE CIVIL LIBERTIES ORGANISATIONS
            G7 THREAT TO ONLINE FREE SPEECH AND PRIVACY
      IN THE NAME OF COMBATING TERRORISM THE G7 IS PLANNING TO
     CURB THE FREE SPEECH RIGHTS AND PRIVACY OF INTERNET USERS
                           7 AUGUST 1996
   PLEASE REDISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT WIDELY WITH THIS BANNER INTACT
 REDISTRIBUTE ONLY IN APPROPRIATE PLACES & ONLY UNTIL 30 SEPTEMBER 96
IN THIS ALERT:
  Summary
  Background
  What You Can Do
  Where Can I Learn More?
  Organisations
On July 30th the G7 group of nations met in Paris to discuss terrorism.
Among other responses the G7 have endorsed a number of restrictions and
controls on the Internet.  These include the prohibition or censorship
of sources that may contain "dangerous" information, restrictions on
the electronic speech of unpopular political organisations, and the
imposition of "key escrow" or other means of allowing governments to
violate privately encrypted correspondence.
This particularly serious threat, which originates from recent events
such as a bombing at the Atlanta Olympics and the crash of TWA Flight
800, is another case in a long list of attempts to restrict freedom of
speech in electronic networks, of which there are alarming examples in
many countries including Australia, Belgium, China, France, Germany,
Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the USA and Vietnam, under a variety of
pretexts ranging from "pornography" to "terrorism" and incorrect
political opinion.
* The "offensive" material being targeted is no different from similar
material available in libraries and bookshops.  *What is legal offline
must also be legal online*.  If material cannot be censored at the
newsstand or the university library, it must not be censored in the
online newsstands and libraries of our future.
* Legislators and agency officials are pushing for speedy passage of
censorious and privacy-harming laws, capitalising on fear of terrorism
to exclude meaningful public input in the process and substance of
these regulations.
* Because the Internet is global, and every culture has its own rules
about what is and is not permissible, the open nature of the Internet
must be protected.  No local jurisdiction should be allowed to impose
its rules on the rest of the world.
This alert is being issued by a coalition of online civil liberties
organisations that support online privacy, freedom of speech and human
rights.  The organisations are listed at the end of this alert along
with contact details.
Since its inception the Internet has more than doubled in size every
year.  If this growth continues, more than one billion people will be
using the Internet by the turn of the century.  Each of these users can
as easily publish material as they can read it.  The Internet has the
potential vastly to improve the workings of democratic government and
to spread liberty across the globe.
In light of recent bombings in the US and elsewhere, there are again
calls to ban from the Internet information on explosives, as well as
any other issues that can be related to "terrorism".  Anti-terrorist
hysteria has become the excuse for governmental attempts to circumvent
online freedom of expression, guaranteed by constitutions, laws, and
the UN Declaration of Human Rights.
Information on how to make bombs, as well as other things that would be
"banned", is widely available, often from the very governments pushing
for censorship.  Banning such publications from the Internet won't
make it any less widely available.  However it could become the tool
for the censorship of any debate or opinion which happens to displease
the authorities, or "pressure groups" that do not share those opinions.
This is a pure and simple violation of free speech, no matter how it
is disguised.
Currently, communicating via the Internet is like sending messages on
postcards.  Anyone between the sender and receiver can read the
message.  Encryption (data scrambling) technology can be used to ensure
the privacy of communications.  It's like placing  messages in
envelopes.  Although widely available the technology has not yet become
a part of the Internet because of pressures from the "intelligence" and
law enforcement agencies.
Some countries, such as the United States, treat cryptography as if
were a weapon, like missile or a machine gun, and ban its export.
Other countries, such as France, have an outright ban on cryptography.
Such policies threaten to undermine information infrastructure not only
locally, but globally, leaving computer networks open to industrial
espionage, and as we are seeing in recent news of electronic spying on
the European Parliament, even governmental espionage, as well as
criminal exploitation.
What the G7 have called for is a way to read all messages sent by
terrorists.  The only way they can achieve this is to have some way of
reading messages sent by anyone.  What the G7 are demanding is that the
privacy of all communications be compromised in the name of protection
from terrorism.  However, no real terrorist is going to use such a
compromised system when uncrackable alternatives already exist and are
freely available.  Effectively G7 are demanding that we all compromise
the privacy of our communications - for NO benefit.
WHAT YOU CAN DO
1. Be alert to what your government is doing or planning.  Contact your
   law-makers and urge them to protect privacy and free speech on the
   Internet.  Write to or call publications in your area and suggest
   that they report on any anti-freedom government action you hear
   about.
2. Join an online civil liberties organisation.  See the end of this
   release for contact information for several such organisations.
3. If there isn't an online civil liberties organisation in your
   country, why not start one?   Some suggestions on how to start an
   online civil liberties organisation are available at:
      and
   WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE?
Further details on the G7 meeting and its effect on the Net can be
found in a press release from the Global Internet Liberty Coalition:
  For a summary of efforts around the world to censor the Internet see
the "10 May 96 Silencing the Net" report on the Human Rights Watch
gopher site:
  gopher://gopher.igc.apc.org:5000/11/int/hrw/general
For background on global efforts to muzzle the Net see these web sites:
      For information on global and international online freedom issues see
the Electronic Frontier Foundation web site:
  Translations of this alert will be available as follows:
  Catalan:    French:   pforsans at in-net.inba.fr
  Italian:    Spanish:  The following organisations have issued this alert:
ALCEI - Electronic Frontiers Italy * CITADEL - Electronic Frontier France * pforsans at in-net.inba.fr
EFF-Austin (Texas) * Electronic Frontier Foundation (USA) * Electronic Frontier Canada * Electronic Frontier Ireland * Electronic Frontiers Australia * Elektronisk Forpost Norge (Electronic Frontier Norway) *
  Fronteras Electronicas Espan~a (Electronic Frontiers Spain) *
  HotWired * Human Rights Watch * Reporters sans frontieres * Press Contacts:
Please choose an organisation above and visit their web site for contact
                           End Alert

@_date: 1996-08-15 10:07:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HRW letter to Singapore government; German telecom URL 
Attached is the letter Human Rights Watch/Asia sent to Singapore yesterday.
Kudos to HRW for taking the lead in calling attention to the actions of the
censorhappy Singaporeans. More background is at:
  Also, you can find an English version of the German telecommunications act
  August 13, 1996
BY FAX: +65-375-7765
Mr. George Yeo
Minister for Information and the Arts
460 Alexandra Road, 37th Story
PSA Building
Singapore 119963
Dear Mr. Yeo,
     I am writing on behalf of Human Rights Watch/Asia to protest the recent
decision by the Singapore government to establish strict controls on Internet
use. The implementation of the Class License Scheme, which, according to a
July 11 government news release, "will focus on content which may undermine
public morals, political stability and religious harmony,"ensures a leading
role for Singapore among international promoters of online censorship. This is
a particularly unfortunate role for Singapore, which has been a leader in the
development and promotion of Internet use in Asia. It places Singapore in the
same category as countries like China, where Internet users must endure
onerous restrictions.
     One of the most unique and valuable characteristics of the Internet is
its ability to establish easy, inexpensive and practically instantaneous
communication between the farthest points of the earth. By prohibiting
connections between its citizens and various Web sites outside its borders,
Singapore is in essence removing itself from the global Internet. If, as will
surely happen, its example is followed in other countries, the Internet, which
held such promise as the world's first truly global medium, will be nothing
more than a set of country-specific networks where local prejudices and fears
are reinforced by technology.
     Our specific objections concern Singapore's decision to regulate the
Internet as if it were a broadcast medium. Unlike broadcast media, the
Internet is the first truly mass medium. Through e-mail, it allows individuals
with nothing more than a computer and a modem to express their views to an
international audience. Even the World Wide Web differs significantly from a
broadcast medium in that individuals are not confronted with a particular site
upon connecting to the Web--they may choose whichever sites they choose to
visit. As with other forms of Internet communication, anyone may put up his or
her own site on the Web. The Singapore government's own use of Web pages
demonstrates how the Internet can be used to propound a particular point of
view. Its citizens, so long as they are not using their site to incite to
violence, should have the same opportunity to express views as their
government. As stated in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human
     Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression: this
     right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and
     to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any
     media and regardless of frontiers.
     We are particularly concerned that restrictions have been placed on
Singaporeans who wish to discuss religious and political ideas online. It is
only through unrestricted discussions of such serious topics by all members of
society, no matter how unpopular their views, that these subjects become less
explosive. Forbidding discussion--in effect, treating its citizens like
children--will, on the other hand, ensure that dangerous topics remain just
     We are also concerned that the extraordinarily broad categories of
forbidden content, as outlined by the SBA, will encourage arbitrary
restrictions on communication. According to the Internet Content Guidelines,
the following topics are banned.
     Public Security and National Defense
          a.   Contents which jeopardize public security or national
               defense.
          b.   Contents which undermine the public confidence in the
               administration of justice.
          c.   Contents which present information or events in such a
               way that alarms or misleads all or any of the public.
          d.   Contents which tend to bring the Government into
               hatred or contempt, or which excite disaffection
               against the Government.
     Racial and Religious Harmony
          a.   Contents which denigrate or satirize any racial or
               religious group.
          b.   Contents which bring any race or religion into hatred
               or resentment.
          c.   Contents which promote religious deviations or occult
               practices such as Satanism.
          Public Morals
          a.        Contents which are pornographic or otherwise obscene.
          b.        Contents which propagate permissiveness or
                    promiscuity.
          c.        Contents which depict or propagate gross exploitation
                    of violence, nudity, sex or horror.
          d.   Contents which depict or propagate sexual perversions
               such as homosexuality, lesbianism, and pedophilia.
By banning such subjects a chill will be sent through the online community in
Singapore, and will render the Internet essentially useless in allowing any
kind of serious discussion.
     In addition to forbidding particular content, the government has also
announced that some sites will be banned. Internet service providers were
given the deadline of September 14, 1996,  to begin using proxy
servers--devices that can prohibit connections to specified sites--to
connect all their
     Although the government has promised to use a light hand in regulating
the Internet, its activities even at this early stage indicate otherwise. A
July 12 posting in the Usenet newsgroup "soc.culture.singapore" was reportedly
removed at the request of the SBA, who asked local Internet service providers
for its removal because it alleged that lawyers at a local law firm were
incompetent. The request came, according to the Straits Times, after the law
firm complained to the government. Despite the removal from the newsgroup, the
message is still widely available to Singaporeans through other Internet
sources, indicating that content control will be difficult unless Internet
access is restricted even further.
     We hope that the Singapore government will retract these repressive new
regulations, and support the development of an unfettered Internet. Instead of
using its power to restrict Internet use, the government could play a truly
useful role by devising ways to expand its use to even the most disaffected
members of its population.
                                   Sincerely,
                                   Sidney Jones
                                   Executive Director
cc:  Mr. Goh Liang Kwang, Chief Executive Officer, Singapore Broadcasting
       Authority
     Ambassador Bilahari Kausikan, Permanent Mission of Singapore to the
       United Nations

@_date: 1996-08-22 08:18:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Republican and Democratic party platforms on technology 
Attached is an excerpt from the GOP's 1996 platform, provided by a
Republican Senate staffer. All keystroking errors mine -- this plank
doesn't seem to have been nailed into the rnc.org web site yet.
While the Republicans certainly are no fast friends of online liberties --
recall Dole cosponsored an "anti-cyberporn" bill worse than the CDA --
they've been moving in the right direction on crypto. This plank shows that
as a party, they're starting to take online privacy seriously.
Let's see what the Democrats do at their convention. I've attached relevant
excerpts from the platform committee's report, but the only coherent theme
I found is increased government spending.
(Contrast both parties with the Libertarians, which have a sterling
commitment to online civil liberties, reflected in the platform approved at
their convention last month.)
[The rest of the platform is at                      The 1996 Republican Party Platform
     Excerpt: Science, Technology, and Innovation in the 21st Century
Our goal is to empower the American people by using the benefits of
advanced science to improve their quality of life without undue restraint
from government. Our bottom line is more jobs, better jobs, and a higher
standard of living for the families of America.
We believe the marketplace, not bureaucrats, can determine which
technologies best meet the needs of the public.
The communications revolution empowers individuals, enhances health care,
opens up opportunity for rural areas, and strengthens families and
institutions. A Dole-led Congress passed the Telecommunications Act of 1996
to promote the full and open competition and freedom of choice in the
telecommunications marketplace. In contrast, the Clinton-Gore
Administration repeatedly defended big-government regulation. This
micromanagement of the Information Age is contrary to America's Information
Super Highway.
We support the broadest access to telecommunications networks and services,
based upon marketplace capabilties. ***The Internet today is the most
staggering example of how the Information Age can and will enhance the
lives of Americans everywhere. To further this explosion of new-found
freedoms and opportunities, privacy, through secured communications, has
never been more important. Bob Dole and the Republican Party will promote
policies that ensure that the U.S. remains the world leader in science,
technology, and innovation.***
[Emphasis mine. --Declan]
               The Report of the Platform Committee to the 1996
                        Democratic National Convention
                   Today's Democratic Party: Meeting
                    America's Challenges, Protecting
                              America's Values
                   THE 1996 DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL PLATFORM
Technology. We know investments in technology drive economic growth,
generate new knowledge, create new high-wage jobs, build new
industries, and improve our quality of life. In the face of Republican
efforts to undermine America's dedication to innovation, President
Clinton and the Democratic Party have fought to maintain vital
investments in science and technology. We remember that government
investment in technology is responsible for the computer, for jet
aircraft, and for the Internet -- no investments have ever paid off
better, in jobs, in opportunity, or in growth.
Technology in the classroom. We must bring the 21st century into every
classroom in America. There is a vast realm of knowledge waiting for
our children to tap into. Computers are powerful tools to teach
students to read better, write better, and understand math. President
Clinton and Vice President Gore understand that technological literacy
is essential to success in the new economy. The only way to achieve
that for every student is to give them all access to a computer, good
software, trained teachers, and the Internet -- and President Clinton
and Vice President Gore have launched a partnership with high-tech
companies, schools, state, and local governments to wire every
classroom and library to the Information Superhighway by the year 2000.
The Clinton Administration is working to put wanted lists of parents
who owe child support in the post office and on the Internet. President
Clinton and Democrats in Congress insisted that the toughest possible
child support enforcement be part of the new welfare reform plan --
including the President's plan to deny drivers licenses and
professional licenses to people who do not pay their child support.

@_date: 1996-08-23 02:58:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Republican and Democratic party platforms on technology 
Dole's cosponsorship of Pro-CODE was a way to land some California votes
and a way to differentiate himself from Clinton, nothing more.
A statement he released on May 2 bashed the White House: "The
administration apparently thinks very little of the right to privacy -- it
presumes the government is entitled to all the so-called 'keys'  or secret
passwords which protect computer generate [sic] information from prying
I predict that if he were to win, we'd see the fastest policy turnaround
ever. The moment he was inaugurated, Dole would pick up where Clinton left
off. Clipper IV, here we come...
But the benefit of having a pro-privacy statement in the platform (which in
fact was watered down significantly from that originally proposed by
advocates on our side) is that the platform covers Republican Party
candidates for any office, not just the presidency.
I'm told that the a Dem convention speaker may talk about privacy issues,
Tim writes, quoting me:

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:26:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Freedom on Trial," from October 1996 Playboy 
[Some excerpts follow. Pick up the October issue for the full article. --Declan]
Playboy, October 1996
"Freedom on Trial: how the communications decency act played in court"
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Day 1 (March 21)
In the shadow of the Liberty Bell in downtown Philadelphia, the future of
online liberty is being decided. A panel of federal judges has gathered
to hear a challenge to the Communications Decency Act, which bans
"indecent" or "patently offensive" material from being transmitted or
displayed online where minors might access it. That means just about
anywhere online.
Day 2 (March 22)
A key witness today is Robert Croneberger of the Carnegie Library of
Pittsburgh. The judges are pleased with his description of the
Internet as a library -- finally, someone who isn't using technobabble.
Croneberger testifies about the difficulties and expense of implementing
the CDA, noting that his library would have to hire 180 people to review
and censor the 2 million listings in its catalog. Russotto, the
government lawyer, is skeptical. During her cross-exam, she tries to make
the case that the job wouldn't be so difficult as Croneberger portrays it.
Q: Can you do a keyword search through your catalog for words related to
sex or for the seven dirty words [to find material to restrict]?
A: It depends.
Q: But a keyword search on sex wouldn't turn up books about physics,
would it?
A: I doubt it.
Q: And a search on sex isn't going to turn up books about gardening?
A: Obviously plants proliferate and flowers grow, but it depends on the
words you're using.
Q: Would a search on sex turn up a biography of Abraham Lincoln?
A: I've read many articles about his supposed sex life, or lack thereof.
Q: Would a search on sex turn up any books about geology?
A: Only if "rock" is put together with "roll."
Croneberger's point is subtle but clear. Sex can't be taken out of a
library any more easily than it can be separated from life.
Day 4 (April 12)
The government witnesses take the stand. First up is Howard Schmidt,
an Air Force special agent who says he has conducted 30 to 50
investigations of online porn. The judges are growing weary of
demonstrations and sex, so when Schmidt offers to download provocative
images from Usenet groups, the panel asks for G-rated animals instead.
After the second or third waterfowl image, Judge Sloviter rules, "I think
we've seen enough ducks."
Beyond its sheer stupidity, [Carnegie Mellon University computer scientist
Dan Olsen's -L18 self-labelling scheme] seems to be built with prudery
rather than technology. During cross-examination, the judges didn't appear
to take him seriously:
Q: If you thought about posting a centerfold from Playboy, would you
think the image might be indecent or patently offensive for persons under
A; If we consider the local community that consists of Dan, Dan would be
Q: And how about the seven dirty words.
A: Dan would be offended.
Judge Buckwalter: Who's Dan?
Judge Sloviter: Yes, who's Dan?
A: That's me. I'm sorry.
Judge Dalzell: Oh, he's the community. He is an expert on what would
offend him.
A: It's a relatively small community, but it's the one I know best.
Buckwalter: I thought Dan was an acronym.
A moment later, our lawyers show Olsen a list of Internet addresses and
ask if they appear to be porn sites deserving of unsuitable-for-children
tags. He hesitates, then says, "I don't know, but I wouldn't go there."
Looking over the list, Judge Dalzell adds the punch line. "Chick of the
Day could be poultry," he suggests.
"You really are in for ducks and poultry," says Judge Sloviter.
"It's a leitmotif."
Bruce Ennis, counsel for the ALA, asks Olsen how content providers would
verify the ages of those who visit their sites. Olsen stammers a bit and
then hits on an idea. Ask the Social Security Administration! It keeps
records of such things.
Big Brother couldn't have said it better.
Day 5 (April 15)
The government has a tough road ahead. It has to convince three skeptical
judges that enforcing the CDA would not become a boondoggle. Olsen, at least,
believes it can be done. When asked if his rating system would slow the
growth of the Net, he quickly responds, "Absolutely not!"
But everyone in the courtroom seems to feel Olsen is being a weasel.
Judge Dalzell, the most Net-savvy judge and the only one with young kids
(I'm guessing the two are related), helps pin the inventor down. "Assume
a chat group -- say, students from 13 to 18 -- is talking about the CDA.
In the course of the chat, an 18-year-old is exasperated and types in
'Fuck the CDA.' Is it your proposal that before he types the message, he
should tag it -L18?"
Dalzell is paraphrasing Cohen v. California, a First Amendment case in
which the Supreme Court overturned the conviction of a teenager who wore
a jacket that read "Fuck The Draft."
Some of Dalzell's other questions were equally astute. "If in one issue of
The Economist the word 'fuck' appears," he asks Olsen, "the library
putting it online would have to go through the entire issue?"
"Somebody would have to make that judgement," Olsen replies. He suggests
that librarians band together to censor material. He insists his plan is
"flexible." To that, Bruce Ennis reponds testily, "Is it flexible if you,
the librarian, risk going to jail for two years if you make the wrong
judgment and put material online that is found to be patently offensive
for a minor?"
Sloviter isn't finished. After Olsen claims that a voluntary rating
system developed at MIT is unfeasible because it will "slow the flow"
online, she asks how an adult could show -L18 tagged materials to a
mature teenager. Olsen replies that a "teacher or parent could log on."
"Wouldn't that slow the flow?" the judge asks.
Flustered, Olsen suddenly discharges a series of staccato high-pitched
giggles. It's the damnedest thing that I have ever heard -- it sounds
like a rabbit being tortured to death. The galley stares in horror.
Thus ends the testimony of our best witness -- and we didn't even call
him to the stand.
Day 6 (May 10)
During closing arguments, Justice attorney Tony Coppolino dances around
providing a legal definition for indecency. He hints that it would
include only hard-core porn but concedes the government can't guarantee
that an ambitious prosecutor somewhere wouldn't take on an absurd case.
Judge Sloviter is growing impatient: "I've been taking the position for
17 years that people should know what they can be prosecuted for," she
says "I still don't understand" what indecency means under the CDA.
"We've been trying to get at this for 40 minutes," grumbles Judge
We have won -- for now. The government's appeal will reach the Supreme
Court during the next few months. If the Court upholds the lower court
decision, outraged right-wing groups will demand action. Congress will
spring to attention. Bills will be drawn up, campaign funds raised, and
porn once again waved in the Senate chamber.
Censorship is often championed by adults who want to protect children
from a world the adults do not understand. During the hearing, Judge
Buckwalter raised this issue while discussing the computer gap between
parents and children that helps fuel fears of online dangers. "In another
generation that will fade from the picture, don't you think?" he asked.
Archaic restrictions over what we can share online, however, may not.

@_date: 1996-09-01 06:04:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
The attached article was reposted to fight-censorship with the permission
of the Los Angeles Times, which ran it on the front page today. It's a good story. Compare it to the Reuters dispatch, which yowled about child porn but didn't even mention threats from the Church of Scientology:
 >Finn To Close Net Remailer After Child Porn Claim
 >
 >HELSINKI - A Finnish Internet specialist said today he's closing his
 >remailer, or anonymous forwarding system, after rejecting allegations  >it was being used as a conduit for child pornography.  [...]
Note Esther Dyson's comments:
         "The damage that can be done by anonymity is far bigger" than in
   any other medium, said Esther Dyson, chairwoman of the Electronic
   Frontier Foundation. "In the end, you need to be able to get at
   somebody's identity to enforce accountability, and the question is how
   do you also enforce freedom of speech and freedom from prosecution for
   unpopular opinions."
Also, on the "Mick Williams Cyberline" radio show I was on this afternoon, we heard an unconfirmed report that Helsingius is suing the Observer, but I haven't seen it on the wires yet...
Los Angeles Times
Saturday, August 31, 1996
Internet Figure Pulls Plug   (- 0p9)
on His Anonymity Service   (- 0p6)
By AMY HARMON TIMES STAFF WRITER Byline ends here.
        Johan Helsingius, an Internet icon who for 3 1/2 years has
   championed anonymous communication over the global computer network by
   running a service that makes it possible, pulled the plug Friday on
   the machine known as anon.penet.fi.
         Civil liberties advocates said the move, prompted by a Finnish
   court decision that the anonymity of the service could be breached by
   court order, raised serious concerns about the future of anonymous
   speech on the rapidly growing network.
         A strong privacy ethic has prevailed on the Internet since its
   early days as a tool for academics and the military. The network was
   largely self-policed, and anonymous services--including
   Helsingius'--explained to users that they were not to be used for
   criminal activity, otherwise they would get shut down.
         But the recent explosion of electronic commerce and community
   has raised the stakes. Law enforcement agencies, as well as
   anti-pornography advocates and many others, maintain that total
   anonymity provides too much shelter for a variety of criminal
   activities.
         Based in Helsinki, the Finnish capital, Helsingius' service was
   the biggest of its kind in the world, with more than half a million
   users and with 7,500 messages passing through it each day.
         Frequent users included suicide counseling groups, human rights
   organizations and "anyone who wanted to discuss anything without their
   neighbors and employers looking on," Helsingius said.
         The amorphous structure of the Internet, which ignores
   international boundaries, means that users throughout the world will
   be affected by the shutdown. They will be offered the option of
   revealing their true identities or finding another service--there are
   about 40 others worldwide.
         The idea of an anonymous remailer is to protect the
   confidentiality of its users' identities. When a piece of e-mail was
   sent to anon.penet.fi, its identifying information was stripped off
   and a code number was substituted. The message was then forwarded to
   the individual, mailing list or discussion group for which it was
   intended.
         The only link between the real and assumed identity resided on
   the computer in Helsingius' home.
         More sophisticated remailers use encryption software to create a
   new identity and route messages through a string of several computers
   around the world, never recording the transactions. That way no
   individual operator has a record of the original sender.
         But Helsingius' service was notable because it allowed others to
   respond directly to the sender via the pseudonym on anon.penet. It
   also did not require any special software programs--and it was free.
         *
         In a telephone interview Friday from Helsinki, the 35-year-old
   Finn--known by his e-mail handle, Julf--said he was discouraged by the
   court's interpretation of the communication privacy laws in a case
   that involved a petition from the Church of Scientology, which wants
   Helsingius to reveal the identity of an individual who is alleged to
   have posted its copyrighted material on the Internet through
   Helsingius' remailer.
         "The court made it quite clear that the privacy of electronic
   mail isn't covered in Finland anymore," Helsingius said. "I would be
   running to the courtroom all the time because the suspicion of a
   crime, however minor, would be enough grounds to get a court decision
   to have the sender revealed. What's the point?"
         The Scientologists' petition underlines the heightened
   threat--and potential benefit--of anonymity on the Internet. While
   anonymity is possible via traditional mail or over the telephone, the
   Internet provides far greater reach for far less cost than any other
   medium, and it is technically much harder to eavesdrop upon.
         Helsingius, who has run the remailer in his spare time, has for
   three years been fending off requests from law enforcement authorities
   to discover the identity of his users. He was forced last February to
   provide Finnish authorities with the name of a user who was alleged to
   have broken into the church's computer to steal copyrighted
   information.
         The legal protection for digital anonymity has not yet been
   tested in U.S. courts, but Internet legal experts expect that it will
   be soon. The American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia is currently
   seeking to restrict the application of the new Georgia Computer
   Systems Protection Act, which broadly prohibits the use of pseudonyms
   on the Internet.
         The issue of how to deal with anonymity is a crucial one for
   those trying to establish the medium as a place to work, play and live
   in the coming decades.
         Internet-spawned activists such as the Cypherpunks argue that
   the system will collapse without a guarantee of secure and private
   communication. And advances in cryptography have made that, for the
   most part, technologically possible.
         But other Internet enthusiasts disagree.
         *
         "The damage that can be done by anonymity is far bigger" than in
   any other medium, said Esther Dyson, chairwoman of the Electronic
   Frontier Foundation. "In the end, you need to be able to get at
   somebody's identity to enforce accountability, and the question is how
   do you also enforce freedom of speech and freedom from prosecution for
   unpopular opinions."
         Anonymous services have in fact been used for
   "mail-bombing"--crashing computer systems by overloading them with
   e-mail--and for obscene postings to discussion groups that are
   tantamount to broadcasting obscene phone calls.
         Anti-pornography advocates have also begun to target anonymous
   Internet services, which they blame for enabling the easy distribution
   of illicit material over the network.
         Last week, in a front-page headline, the London weekly newspaper
   the Observer called Helsingius "the Internet middleman who handles 90%
   of all child pornography."
         Helsingius says the sensational article had nothing to do with
   his decision, but he is clearly tired of the situation. Most anonymous
   remailers, included anon.penet.fi, he says, filter out the
   transmission of large image files that are likely to contain
   pornographic pictures.
         "I have personally been a target because of the remailer for
   three years. Unjustified accusations affect both my job and my private
   life," he said.
         After setting up his server so that it can be used on a limited
   basis by certain nonprofit groups, Helsingius plans to set up a task
   force to discuss the practical problems related to ethical and civil
   rights issues on the Internet.
         Meanwhile, many Internet denizens mourned the passing of
   anon.penet on Friday and hailed Helsingius as a "net.hero."
         "This is a sad day in the history of the Net," wrote Declan
   McCullagh, who runs a widely distributed electronic mailing list
   called "fight-censorship." "Hundreds of thousands of people had
   accounts on Julf's pseudonmyous server and many netizens relied on it
   daily to preserve their privacy online."
         "[Helsingius] has done a lot of good work. He's been attacked on
   all sides, and he's hung in there," said Sameer Parekh, founder of
   Community Connexion in Berkeley, which hopes to build a business out
   of providing anonymous remailer services.
         "It's too bad that he had to shut down. But we believe there's a
   demand for anonymity, and use of these systems is only going to
   increase."
        BACKGROUND
         Anonymous remailers make it possible to send messages over the
   global Internet computer network without revealing who or where they
   come from. Anyone with an Internet account can contact a remailer
   service and register for an account. Then, when sending electronic
   mail or posting messages to an electronic discussion group, the
   subscriber addresses it to the remailer as well as to the final
   destination. The message travels to the remailer computer, which
   automatically strips off the originating name and address and forwards
   it to the final destination. Some remailers also allow the recipient
   of an anonymous message to respond anonymously, so that the entire
   exchange is "double-blind."
   Copyright 1996, Los Angeles Times

@_date: 1996-12-04 09:40:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Singapore Sling -- A second look, from The Netly News 
The Netly News
December 4, 1996
SINGAPORE SLING
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   ����Singapore seems to possess no more resolution than some primitive
   VR world. There is no dirt whatsoever, no muss, no furred fractal
   edge to things. Outside, the organic, florid as ever in the tropics,
   has been gardened into brilliant green, and all-too-perfect examples
   of itself.
   ����At least that's what William Gibson wrote about the country in
   Wired magazine three years ago. I'm in Singapore now to find out what's
   happened since then.
   ����Marvin Tay stands at the exit to the airport, waving a copy of the
   December issue of Wired in semaphore, as animated and affable as the
   corridors of the Changi Airtropolis are chilly and sterile. Marvin
   works at Information Frontiers Ltd, a local Internet firm. He's also
   my self-appointed tour guide and critic. "You've developed quite a
   reputation around here," he tells me on the drive into town. To
   Marvin, my criticisms of Singapore in previous columns were too harsh.
   The country is not a police state. Gibson was wrong. Singapore is not
   "Disneyland with a death penalty."
   ����Marvin is one of Singapore's growing number of digerati. Glued to
   his handphone, he tears around the island in a late-model Alfa Romeo
   that, thanks to the astronomical auto taxes, cost him more than I make
   in three years. "The government is basically very paternalistic," he
   says. "Like your government and J. Edgar Hoover in the 1950s." He
   doesn't seem to mind. Business is good. We drive on.
   ����Indeed, Singapore is like the U.S. of four decades ago. It's like
   flying into a kind of twisted central-planning father-knows-best time
   warp. Lining the streets next to such quintessentially American stores
   as Reebok, Esprit and Timberland are government agencies like the
   Board of Film Censors and buildings housing the "Social Development
   Unit" government-run dating service and the "Home Ownership for the
   People Scheme." Yet Singapore is aggressively marketing itself as an
   information city of the future. Data will flow through its
   cyber-byways and as an online hub the nation will prosper as it did as
   a 19th century trading center. At least that's the plan.
   ����Singapore's commitment to free trade is long-standing. Settled by
   the British in 1819, the 585-square kilometer island quickly became
   Fortress Singapore, the empire's key southeast Asia trading post.
   After WWII and independence from the crown came Prime Minister Lee
   Kuan Yew, a censor-happy kind of politico whose accomplishments
   include a ban on jukeboxes. Lee Kuan Yew believes that this tiny
   island-nation prospers best under a blend of economic freedom and
   strict social controls. Political liberty is to be shoved aside in
   favor of strengthening economic muscle. As Ian Buruma writes in a
   recent issue of TIME Asia, now that Asians are in power themselves,
   they endorse the essentially colonial idea that Asian people are not
   yet ready for freedom. The public must become better educated, or
   wealthier, or more disciplined, or more virtuous. The point is that
   for an authoritarian government, people are never ready for freedom,
   not just yet.
   ����The traffic light turns yellow. We screech to a stop. Marvin
   glances at me. "Here we slow down for a yellow light," he explains.
   All is proper. Order is king.
   ����That's why criticizing Singapore is almost too easy. Chaos is
   verboten. Chewing gum sales are prohibited. Sell drugs, you face the
   gallows. Canings are routine. Playboy, Penthouse and Cosmo all are
   banned. (The offending article in Cosmo was the one giving women tips
   on how to commit adultery and not get caught.) Even a recent episode
   of "Friends" was censored. This summer, of course, the Singapore
   Broadcasting Authority (SBA) decided to regulate the Net. Now Internet
   traffic crossing the border must flow through filters blocking sites
   that may cause impure thoughts.
   ����But still. . . People live here. What do they think of this?
   ����In the five days I've spent here so far, at cafes on the
   Boat-quay, in government offices lining Orchard Road and over
   Indonesian oxtail soup, I've learned that netizens in Singapore are
   slightly embarrassed. They don't particularly care for the SBA's regs,
   yet they defend them with the lackluster effort that Americans might
   reserve for justifying the wackier actions of the U.S. Congress.
   "Americans distrust the government," the locals say. "Singaporeans
   don't. You know they'll do it right. The government has a track record
   of success." Small surprise; nobody likes to hear outsiders
   criticizing their culture.
   ����What's more, goes the argument, the SBA has only extended existing
   rules to the Net. "How can we argue for Net freedom without attacking
   the existing laws?" one lawyer asks me. Marvin suggests an answer: you
   can't. "Outwardly, Singaporeans may look like any western people. But
   by culture, by value, they're still Asian," he says.
   ����"Do we look repressed here?" a group of soc.culture.singapore
   denizens asks me. Marvin has driven me to one of the cyber-cafes
   overlooking the waterfront. I rest my $4 lime juice on one of the Sun
   Sparcstation 4s tied into a T-1. "No," I say.
   ����Perhaps it's that wealth, the economic riches so evident in the
   glittering glass-and-steel office towers, that permits Singapore
   cyberians to tolerate broad restrictions on online speech. Or perhaps
   it's the fact that the nation has no First Amendment tradition -- its
   constitution includes explicit provisions for government censorship.
   Besides, the restrictions arguably aren't overly burdensome. Only
   about 100 overseas sites are blocked by the proxy filters, and
   circumventing these automated border police is a snap.

@_date: 1996-12-09 09:15:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Malaysian Netropolis and Net-regs, from The Netly News 
The Netly News
December 9, 1996
The Malaysian Solution
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       My first thought when I arrived in Kuala Lumpur was that it was
   dirty, at least compared to whisper-clean Singapore, where I had just
   been. Yet the city was fully alive -- not just with hawker stalls but
   with a newfound sense of optimism.
       That's because Malaysia, long a sleepy jungle backwater, is
   carefully preparing an area just south of the capital to be the Asian
   technology center, a no-taxes-here free trade zone, the place to be
   for all things cyber. It will be patterned after Penang, an island off
   Malaysia's northwest coast that's home to one of the largest
   collections of chip manufacturers in the world. The way Prime Minister
   Mahathir Mohamad describes it, fiber will line the streets of the $8
   billion "Multimedia Super Corridor" and dollars will flow into the
   coffers of Western businesses that settle here. Malaysia is busy
   crafting a Netropolis.
       Dr. Tommi Chen, the CEO of asiapac.net, explains the government's
   plan to me over satay and bowls of chee cheong fun. We're waiting out
   the monsoon rain in one of the countless Malay-Chinese eateries in
   Petaling Jaya, a town about 15 miles from the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
       "This region is exploding," he says. "Everyone is competing to be
   the information-technology hub. The government is trying to attract
   the best to create another Silicon Valley." Sun Microsystems, Ernst &
   Young and Microsoft have already announced plans to shift Asian
   operations to this tropical city. That influx will doubtless be
   hastened in February when intellectual property and digital signature
   laws are set to be introduced.
       To attract firms, the government is unabashedly pro-business. "I
   think Malaysia will leapfrog other countries in the region as a
   business center," Chen says. "The prime minister and the deputy prime
   minister championed the Internet themselves."
       Yet just like everywhere else that embraces rapid datafication, a
   Net connection brings with it overseas ideas and values that alarm
   authorities in this strict Islamic state, which still refuses to sign
   the International Declaration of Human Rights and has a police force
   that can indefinitely detain individuals deemed a threat to national
   security. In a country where chaste kisses -- a tepid buss on the
   cheek! -- are chopped out of television broadcasts, what's a poor
   government censor to do when images from
   alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.pornstar flow through Malaysian
   cyberspace?
       The answer may lie in the history books. North of Singapore, south
   of Thailand, straddling the South China Sea, Malaysia was settled by
   the British in 1795. The country won its independence in 1957, but an
   internal Communist uprising quickly destablized the young government.
   Then, on May 13, 1969, members of a Chinese political party took to
   the streets of Kuala Lumpur to celebrate a strong showing in a
   parliamentary election. Malay-Chinese riots flared for four days and
   hundreds died. The government responded by taking extreme measures to
   reduce ethnic friction, echoes of which exist today in draconian laws
   punishing people (such as newspaper editors) who "incite" racial
   tension.
       In this atmosphere, Prime Minister Mahathir prospered. Once a
   critic of autocratic government, he dismantled the formerly
   independent judiciary after a court threatened his grip on power in
   1987. His other censor-happy feats include once banning the Wall
   Street Journal and the Far East Economic Review. No viable opposition
   party exists. Lim Guan Eng, an opposition leader, is being tried for
   sedition. Local newspapers are uniformly pro-government. Issues of
   Western magazines with articles critical of Mahathir somehow never
   make it to newsstands.
       Malaysian netizens have a ready answer for these criticisms of
   their country. To them, Malaysia may not be ready for the kind of
   freedoms the West enjoys. "Most Asians see Westerners as being too
   liberal with too many things," a Chinese manager at a technology firm
   told me. The country's perception of liberty, I begin to understand,
   is seen through the lens of communist threats and the May 13 racial
   riots. With freedom, perhaps, comes instability, uncertainty... chaos.
       That's why Mahathir is faced with an exquisitely delicate
   balancing act: providing enough freedom to attract Western companies
   and American-educated workers accustomed to it, while meeting the
   demands of powerful Islamic fundamentalists who would put Senator Exon
   to shame.
       "The pornography laws exist. They will just extend these laws to
   the Net," says Chen. The rain has slowed to a light patter. We're
   almost ready to return to his office, across the street, where a score
   of 20-somethings work late into the night. He concludes: "Malaysia is
   Muslim. They have to do it -- they have no choice. They know there is
   no foolproof control, but they have to do it anyway."
       My next visit is to the office of Dr. Mohamed Awang Lah, the head
   of Jaring, the only other licensed and government-approved Internet
   provider in Malaysia. Like asiapac.net, Jaring is owned by the state.
   (Three illicit providers, however, apparently exist.)
       "We block about a hundred web sites, otherwise people complain,"
   Awang Lah tells me. This, then, is the balancing act: "If we are too
   open, people complain. If we are too closed, people complain." This is
   an epiphany for me: the Notorious 100, presumably the same web sites
   blocked by the government of Singapore! It's a token gesture, not too
   much, not too little. In a lot of ways, it's a far better solution
   than the U.S. Congress's ham-handed Communications Decency Act, now on
   the Supreme Court's calendar.
       "The government will not regulate the Internet," Awang Lah says.
   "The only part we don't like, that is not acceptable to the culture,
   to the religion, is pornography... There are also some restrictions on
   religious content. But there is no intention to regulate the free flow
   of discussion." (Except for anti-Islam or anti-Mahathir criticisms,
   I'd wager.)
       Still, Malaysia seems to follow a pattern of strict laws and lax
   enforcement. Sure, sexually explicit materials may be banned by law.
   But just a block from my hotel in downtown Kuala Lumpur, I was able to
   buy three porn videos -- two American, one Japanese -- for 50 ringgit,
   or U.S. $7 each, from a sidewalk vendor. Perhaps there's some hope for
   the Net after all.

@_date: 1996-12-20 12:55:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The CyberSitter Diaper Change, from The Netly News 
[From this morning's Netly News. Check out the HTML version of the article
at netlynews.com for links to the threatening letters, etc. --Declan]
The Netly News
December 20, 1996
The CyberSitter Diaper Change
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Brian Milburn is angry. The president of Solid Oak Software,
   makers of the CyberSitter Net-filtering software, has seen his
   company's product come under heavy fire this year. Its offense?
   Critics say that CyberSitter has reached far beyond its mandate of
   porn-blocking and instead has censored innocuous, even invaluable web
   sites.
        I admit I'm one of its critics. In a CyberWire Dispatch that
   Brock Meeks and I published in July, we revealed that the censorware
   bans such places as the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights
   Commission and the online home of the National Organization for Women.
   Our Dispatch showed the world -- or at least our readers -- that the
   makers of CyberSitter have a clear political agenda. The article
   prompted follow-ups in CyberTimes and the National Law Journal and an
   editorial in the Washington Post with an exchange of letters to the
   editor between a NOW executive and a representative of Focus on the
   Family, a conservative group that markets CyberSitter.
        To Milburn's mind, our act of revealing the truth about his
   company's product was, literally, criminal. In August, he told us that
   he had asked the U.S. Department of Justice to launch a criminal
   investigation into the publication of our article. He was particularly
   upset with one paragraph that included a fragment of his database
   demonstrating that CyberSitter expressly bans info about gay society
   and culture.
 "Your willful reverse engineering and subsequent
   publishing of copyrighted source code is a clear violation of US
   Copyright law. While we would easily prevail in a civil court in
   seeking damages... we will seek felony criminal prosecution under 17
   USCS sect 503(a) of the Copyright Act, and are preparing documentation
   to submit with the criminal complaint to FBI [sic]."
        Milburn was upset because CyberSitter's database is scrambled to
   prevent kiddies from grabbing addresses of porn sites from it. It's
   lightweight encryption, sure, but just enough to frustrate Junior. The
   scrambled database also allows Solid Oak to add and delete banned
   sites without the user's knowledge -- something that we believe is a
   dangerous practice. Now, I should point out here that neither I nor
   Brock did the actual decrypting; we had received a copy of the
   descrambled filter list from a confidential source.
        In any event, Dispatch's attorneys replied to Milburn, saying
   that the article was "protected by the full force of the First
   Amendment to the United States Constitution" and fell squarely within
   the copyright act's "fair use" provisions. We never heard back from
   him or the FBI.
        But that nastygram from Milburn wasn't his last. As criticism of
   CyberSitter becomes more intense, he's stepped up his counterattacks,
   threatening legal action, blocking critics' sites, or both.
        Take Bennett Haselton, a college student who cobbled together a
   site called Peacefire in August. This fall he started an
   anti-CyberSitter page that listed some of the more controversial
   actions of the software.
        Milburn complained. On December 6 he wrote to Haselton's Internet
   provider, Media3 Technologies, and tried to persuade them to give
   Peacefire the boot. His e-mail said: "One of your subscribers has made
   it his mission in life to defame our product as he appearantly [sic]
   has a problem with parents wishing to filter their children's access
   to the internet." Another charge was that Haselton had linked to a
   copy of our Dispatch.
        Solid Oak then added Peacefire and Media3 to its list of blocked
   sites. To Marc Kanter, Solid Oak's marketing director, it was
   necessary. "The site directly has links to areas that have our source
   code decoded on it.... There's no reason that our users should be able
   to go to sites that effectually inactivate our program," he said.
        Milburn also accused Haselton of reverse-engineering CyberSitter
   to get the text of its database -- that is, of being the confidential
   source for the CyberWire Dispatch. "Reverse engineering had to have
   been done in order to get the information, and we believe Mr. Haselton
   was the one who did it," Milburn wrote.
        Note to Millburn: Haselton wasn't our source.
        Then there's the case of Glen Roberts. His web page giving
   instructions on how to disable CyberSitter is now banned -- as is his
   Internet service provider. That's because CyberSitter differs from its
   competitors CyberPatrol and SurfWatch, which can restrict access by
   URL; instead, CyberSitter has to block access to the entire ripco.com
   domain.
        So what's my problem, really? If people don't want to use
   CyberSitter or other nanny apps, they don't have to. It's voluntary.
   It's effective. It protects children, and it sure is better than the
   Communications Decency Act.
        I have one major objection to all of the software filters
   currently on the market: Consumers have no way of knowing what's being
   blocked. Without knowing what's on the filter list, parents can't know
   what Junior will or won't be seeing. When reporters who try to reveal
   that information are faced with potential criminal investigations, the
   press's ability to shed light on these companies is threatened.
        Such programs also give parents near-complete control over what
   their children can and can't read. Traditionally, kids have been able
   to browse the stacks of a library away from parental supervision. But
   when the library is online, access can be completely controlled by
   censorware. Pity the closeted gay son of homophobic parents, prevented
   by CyberSitter from accessing soc.support.youth.lesbian-gay-bi.
        Finally, it's a kind of intellectual bait-and-switch. The "smut
   blockers" grab power by playing to porn, then they wield it to advance
   a right-wing, conservative agenda. Family values activists would never
   have been able to pass a law that blocks as many sites as CyberSitter
   does. Besides censoring alt.censorship, it also blocks dozens of ISPs
   and university sites such as well.com, zoom.com, anon.penet.fi,
   best.com, webpower.com, ftp.std.com, cts.com, gwis2.seas.gwu.edu,
   hss.cmu.edu, c2.org, echonyc.com and accounting.com. Now, sadly, some
   libraries are using it. Solid Oak claims 900,000 registered users.

@_date: 1996-12-30 19:28:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto reg clarification from Commerce Department 
I believe that Kutz is speaking the truth. Keep in mind the paragraph with
which you're concerned is not the meat of what's being amended. That lies
in the next line, Section 736.2(b)(7)(ii), which reads:   You may not, without a license from BXA, provide
  certain technical assistance to foreign persons with
  respect to encryption items, as described in
  Sec. 744.9 of the EAR.
"Technical assistance" is still troubling, but not as much as investment
would be. Assistance is aimed at training, and the regulations somewhat
exempt classroom discussions. Of course, the uncertainty and the potential
chilling effects are good reasons to continue with the court challenges.

@_date: 1996-02-20 20:31:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Banned Zambian newspaper now on the Web 
We now have the banned February 6 issue of _The Post_ online!
Frank Stuart kindly provided a copy of the text. I've HTMLized it, added
background documents and information about other international censorship efforts, and put it online at:
     Zambia's president-cum-tyrant Frederick Chiluba has plenty of practice
censoring local dissidents, broadcasters, and newspapermen. Now, if he
likes, he can take on the Net. I've copied this message to the state news service, Zambia Today. Please
redistribute as appropriate.

@_date: 1996-02-21 20:22:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bravo, mostly (Re: Banned Zambian newspaper now on the Web) 
You assume I did little research; this assumption is incorrect. Did you
actually read the documents your search turned up, including the ones in
Swedish? I spent a few hours last night reading documents that Altavista found,
including the U.S. State Department's report on human rights in Zambia
under Chiluba. It says in part:      Police often ignore procedural requirements and engage in abusive
     and brutal behavior, including beating and at times killing criminal
     suspects and detainees... The press and other media continued to run
     afoul of legal restraints on freedom of expression and suffered
     political reprisals for expressing independent views.
I also read enough back issues of _The Post_ to get a feel for their
editorial tone, and even if they had ties to the former dictator (an
assertion you don't back up), their recent coverage of events was not
unfair, IMHO. I've also read three reports by the Media Institute of South Africa
(MISA), calling for sanctions and a withholding of foreign aid to Zambia
for their human rights abuses, especially of members of the media. I
agree, and I also called for pressure through foreign aid. You seem to be unduly critical of my report. *shrug* I don't expect
everyone to agree with me, and I suppose I should be happy that you think
I'm "95% right," whatever that means.

@_date: 1996-02-23 03:58:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stop by HotWired's Club Wired tonight... 
In the spirit of unabashed self-promotion... -Declan
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I'm spreading the word about our HotWired discussion tonight... if you
want to post the info anywhere, here's the extract:
Electronic Frontiers Forum, Club Wired
telnet://chat.wired.com:2428                                Thursday, 22 February:
                7 p.m. PST (Friday 03:00 GMT)
                Online activist Declan McCullagh discusses recent
                attempts at direct and indirect censorship of content on
                the Internet.
Jon Lebkowsky                       Electronic Frontiers Forum, 7PM PST Thursdays Vice President, EFF-Austin

@_date: 1996-07-02 10:54:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Technology and Privacy 
The June 11 letter was from Jack King, a quite clueful and thoughtful D.C.
attorney who has been diligent in tracking the war on (some) drugs. Hardly
an alarmist.
Why can't I quite bring myself to trust "Barrie A. Vernon?"

@_date: 1996-07-03 16:25:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CWD -- Jacking in from the "Keys to the Kingdom" Port 
CyberWire Dispatch // Copyright (c) 1996 //
Jacking in from the "Keys to the Kingdom" Port:
Washington, DC -- This is a tale of broken codes, betrayal of a social
contract, morality run amuck, and a kind of twisted John Le Carre meets
the Crying Game encounter.
For a range of companies producing so-called "blocking software"
designed to keep kids from accessing undesirable material in
cyberspace, the road to such a moral high ground turns out to be a
slippery slope. These programs, spawned in the wake of the hysteria
over how much porn Junior might find on the Net, have chosen the role
of online guardians. The resulting array of applications, including
names like SurfWatch, CyberPatrol, NetNanny and CyberSitter, acts as a
kind of digital moral compass for parents, educators, paranoid
Congressmen, and puritanical PTAs.
Install the programs and Junior can't access porn. No fuss, no muss, no
bother. "Parental empowerment" is the buzzword. Indeed, it was these
programs that helped sway the three-judge panel in Philly to knock down
the Communications Decency Act as unconstitutional.
But there's a darker side. A close look at the actual range of sites
blocked by these apps shows they go far beyond just restricting
"pornography." Indeed, some programs ban access to newsgroups
discussing gay and lesbian issues or topics such as feminism. Entire
*domains* are restricted, such as HotWired. Even a web site dedicated
to the safe use of fireworks is blocked.
All this might be reasonable, in a twisted sort of way, if parents were
actually aware of what the programs banned. But here's the rub: Each
company holds its database of blocked sites in the highest security.
Companies fight for market share based on how well they upgrade and
maintain thhat blocking database. All encrypt that list to protect it
from prying eyes --- until now.
Dispatch received a copy of each of those lists. With the codes
cracked, we now held the keys to the kingdom: the results of hundreds,
no, thousands of manhours of smut-surfing dedicated to digging up the
most obscene and pornographic sites in the world. And it's in our
possession. But it didn't come easy...
I'd just spent the better part of a muggy Washington night knocking
back boilermakers in an all-night Georgetown bistro waiting for a
couple of NSA spooks that never showed.
I tried to stumble to the door and an arm reached out and gently shoved
me back to my table. At the end of that arm was a leggy redhead; she
had a fast figure and even faster smile. There was a wildness about her
eyes and I knew it was the crank. But something else wasn't quite
As I fought with my booze-addled brain, struggling to focus my eyes, I
noticed her adam's apple.
"Who needs this distraction," I thought, again wondering what kind of
comic hellhole I fell into that put me in the middle of yet another
bizarre adventure.
"I have something for you," she/he deadpanned. Red had the voice of a
baritone and a body you could break bricks on.
No introductions, no chit-chat. This was strictly business and for a
moment I thought I was being set up by the missing spooks. The hair on
the back of my neck stood on end.
Out from Red's purse came a CD-ROM. She/he shoved the jewel box across
the table. It was labeled: "The keys to the kingdom." What the fuck was
this? I must be on Candid Camera.
Red anticipated my question: "I can't say; I won't say. Just take it,
use it. That's all I'm supposed to say." And she/he got up, stretched
those mile-high legs, and loped into the night.
The next morning I slipped the disc in my Mac and the secret innards of
the net-blocking programs flowed across my screen. CyberPatrol,
SurfWatch, NetNanny, CyberSitter. Their encrypted files -- thousands
and thousands of web pages and newsgroups with the best porn on the
Net. Not surprising, really -- the net-blocking software companies
collect smut-reports from customers and pay college kids to grope
around the Net for porn.
This shit was good. Even half-awake with a major league hangover, I
could tell the smut-censoring software folks would go ballistic over
Red's delivery. To Junior, these lists would be a one-stop-porn-shop.
Susan Getgood from CyberPatrol emphasized this to Dispatch. She said:
"The printout of the 'Cybernot' list never *ever* leaves this
building. It's under lock and key... Once it left this building we'd
see it posted on the Net tomorrow. It would be contributing to the
problem it was designed to solve -- [it would be] the best source of
indecent material anywhere."
She's right. A recent version of CyberPatrol's so-called "Cybernot"
list featured 4,800 web sites and 250 newsgroups. That's a lot of
balloon-breasted babes.
CyberPatrol is easily the largest and most extensive smut-blocker. It
assigns each undesirable web site to at least one and often multiple
categories that range from "violence/profanity" to "sexual acts,"
"drugs and drug culture," and "gross depictions."
The last category, which includes pix of syphilis-infected monkeys and
greyhounds tossed in a garbage dump, has some animal-rights groups in a
tizzy. They told Dispatch that having portions of their sites labeled
as "gross depictions" is defamatory -- and they intend to sue the bastards.
"We're somewhat incensed," said Christina Springer, managing director
of Envirolink, a Pittsburgh-based company that provides web space to
environmental and animal-rights groups. "Pending whether [our attorney]
thinks we have a case or not, we will actually pursue legal actions
against CyberPatrol."
Said Springer: "Animal rights is usually the first step that children
take in being involved in the environment. Ignoring companies like Mary
Kay that do these things to animals and allowing them to promote
themselves like good corporate citizens is a 'gross depiction.'"
CyberPatrol's Getgood responded: "We sent a note back to [the
Envirolink director] and haven't heard back from him. Apparently he's
happy with our decision. I still think the monkey with its eye gouged
out is a gross depiction."
Rick O'Donnell from the Progress and Freedom Foundation is amazed that
Envirolink would threaten legal action. "It's new technology. It's
trial-and-error... There will be glitches."
"Filtering software firms have the right to choose whatever site they
want to block since it's voluntary... Government-imposed [blocking] is
censorship. Privately-chosen is editing, discernment, freedom of
choice," he said.
The Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) is as unhappy
as Envirolink. When Dispatch spoke with GLAAD's Alan Klein and rattled
off a list of online gay and lesbian resources that the overeager
blocking software censored, he was horrified.
"We take this very seriously," said Klein. "Lesbian and gay users
shouldn't be treated as second-class users on the Net. These companies
need to understand that they can't discriminate against lesbian and gay
users... We will take an active stance on this."
CyberPatrol blocks a mirror of the Queer Resources Directory (QRD) at
 and USENET newsgroups including clari.news.gays
(home to AP and Reuters articles) alt.journalism.gay-press, and
soc.support.youth.gay-lesbian-bi, Red's list revealed. CyberSitter also
bans alt.politics.homosexual and the QRD at qrd.org. NetNanny blocks
IRC chatrooms such as  and  presumably discussions by San
Francisco and Australian gays.
GLAAD told Dispatch they were especially surprised that CyberPatrol
blocked gay political and journalism groups since the anti-defamation
organization has a representative on the "Cybernot" oversight
committee, which meets every few weeks to set policies. However,
Dispatch learned the oversight group never actually sees the previously
top-secret "Cybernot" list. They don't know what's *really* banned.
Why should alt.journalism.gay-press, for instance, be blocked? There's
no excuse for it, said GLAAD's Klein. "A journalism newsgroup shouldn't
be blocked. It's completely unacceptable... This is such an important
resource for gay youth around the country. If it weren't for the Net,
maybe thousands of gay teens around the country would not have come out
and known there were resources for them."
He's right. Even a single directory at the QRD, such as the Health/AIDS
area, has vital information from the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, the AIDS Book Review Journal, and AIDS Treatment News.
In response to Dispatch's questions about these sites being blocked,
CyberPatrol's Getgood said: "It doesn't block materials based on sexual
preference. If a site would be blocked if there are two heterosexuals
kissing, we'd block it if there are two homosexuals kissing."
Fine, but we're not talking about gay porn here. What about some of the
political groups? "We'll look into it," said Getgood.
NetNanny is just as bad, argues GLAAD's Loren Javier, who called the
software's logging features "dangerous." (The program lets parents
review what their kids have been doing online.) "If you have someone
who has homophobic parents, it gives them a way of keeping tabs on
their kid and possibly making it worse for their children," said
Worse yet, CyberPatrol doesn't store the complete URL for blocking --
it abbreviates the last three characters. So when it blocks the
"CyberOS" gay video site by banning children are barred from attending the first "Cyber High School" at
~cyberhi, along with 16 other accounts that start with "cyb." In
attacking Shawn Knight's occult resources at
 the program cuts off 23 "sha"
accounts at Carnegie Mellon University, including Derrick "Shadow"
Brashear's web page on Pittsburgh radio stations.
The geeks at CMU's School of Computer Science had fun with this. In
March they cobbled together a "Banned by CyberPatrol" logo that they
merrily added to their blocked homepages:
NetNanny also has a fetish for computer scientists. For instance, it
blocks all mailing lists run out of cs.colorado.edu -- including such
salacious ones as parallel-compilers, systems+software, and
computer-architecture. Guess those computer geeks talk blue when
they're not pumping out C code.
Dispatch asked Getgood why CyberPatrol blocks access to other seemingly
unobjectionable web sites including the University of Newcastle's
computer science department, the Electronic Frontier Foundation's
censorship archive, and the League for Programming Freedom at MIT, a
group that opposes software patents.
Getgood replied via email: "I'll forward this message to our Internet
Research Supervisor and have her look into the specific sites you
mention..." She said there is a "fair process" for appeals of
unwarranted blocking.
But CyberPatrol doesn't stop at EFF and MIT. It also goes after gun and
Second Amendment pages including   and
 according to a recent "Cybernot"
The last site is run by the National Rifle Association (NRA) Members'
Council of Silicon Valley, and bills itself as "the NRA's grass roots
political action and education group for the San Jose, Santa Clara,
Milpitas, and surrounding areas."
Peter Nesbitt, an air-traffic controller who volunteers as part of the
Silicon Valley NRA group, says "it's terrible" that CyberPatrol blocks
gun-rights web sites. "The people who are engaging in censoring gun
rights or gun advocates groups are the opposition who want to censor us
to further their anti-gun agenda."
An unlikely bedfellow, the National Organization of Women (NOW) ain't
too pleased neither. Of course, they're unlikely to feel any other way

@_date: 1996-07-04 06:13:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CWD -- Jacking in from the "Keys to the Kingdom" Port 
Sameer's  is not blocked -- yet, at least. Some of the
programs release weekly updates, so as soon as it's reported by some
Net-groping pornhound, I'm sure it'll end up in there.
But the blocking apps do more than just check on URLs -- which do
constitute most of the databases. (I mentioned that CyberPatrol lists 4,800
web sites.) They also block by keywords. So going through a URL-redirector
to "playboy.com" or "xxxpix" would fail.
CyberPatrol is free for the download. Check it out!

@_date: 1996-07-04 10:47:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: blocking software & brock meeks 
Since I wrote most of the dispatch M. Nuri is talking about, I'll take a
moment to respond to his points below.
First, neither Brock nor I intends to "harass" the blocking software companies.
Seocnd, I wouldn't be nearly as skeptical of their efforts if they'd
honestly admit what they block. Right now, parents don't _know_ the extent
to which Junior is kept from educational and political sites.
This was the point of the article; I fear you missed it entirely.

@_date: 1996-07-07 03:27:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
"We are writers, not crytographers."
              July 6, 1996
              Reporters Claim to Have
              Lists of Blocked Sites
              By PAMELA MENDELS
              Reporters Brock N. Meeks and Declan B.
              McCullagh say they've got a little list.
              Several actually.
              The lists
              are of Internet
              sites that,
              in the eyes
              of several companies making parental control
              software, could be considered inappropriate
              to children. The lists are supposed to be
              secret.
              But Meeks and McCullagh say they have
              obtained lists compiled by Microsystems
              Software, Inc., the Framingham,
              Mass.-based manufacturer of Cyber Patrol;
              Los Altos, Calif.-based SurfWatch
              Software, a subsidiary of Spyglass, Inc.,
              and Santa Barbara, Calif.-based Solid Oak
              Software, Inc., maker of CYBERsitter --
              three of the leading producers of parental-
              control filtering software.
              McCullagh said that he and Meeks were able
              to view the complete Cyber Patrol and
              CYBERsitter lists and part of the SurfWatch
              list.
              In an article published this week in
              CyberWire Dispatch, a report on
              Internet-related issues distributed through
              e-mail, Meeks and McCullagh wrote that
              they had taken a peek at some of the sites
              contained on the lists and had then contacted
              groups that might be concerned about the
              listings.
              Representatives of organizations ranging in
              advocacy from feminism to gun lobbying to
              animal rights said they been disturbed to
              learn that some sites they endorse had made
              the lists.
              Kim A. Gandy, executive vice president of
              the National Organization for Women, said
              Friday that she was upset to learn that
              CYBERSitter blocks access to NOW's Web
              site. Further, she said she did not like the
              company's rationale: that the NOW site
              contains links to, among other things, sites
              about homosexuality.
              "It's ridiculous," Gandy said. "It's insulting.
              And I think most parents would not approve
              of that kind of censorship. Lots of parents
              don't want children surfing pornography,
              but would not think of denying them access
              to legitimate information."
              Marc E. Kanter, director of marketing for
              Solid Oak, confirmed Friday that NOW's
              site had been included on the CYBERsitter
              not-for-children list because of its links
              leading to "sexual preferentation" sites. "This
              is what our users want," he said. "If they
              don't want to restrict access to this material,
              they don't have to buy it or they can simply
              turn it off. We are not trying to play any
              political role. We are simply providing a tool
              for parents." Officials of the Gay & Lesbian
              Alliance Against Defamation were also upset
              that the Cyber Patrol list blocked several
              Internet discussion groups devoted to news
              of interest to the gay community.
              "We feel that this is the kind of thing
              important to gay and lesbian youth, to read
              about our community," said Lauren R.
              Javier, director of information systems for
              the Gay & Lesbian Alliance, adding that the
              newsgroups contained little if any sexually
              explicit material.
              Javier added that Cyber Patrol officials had
              been responsive in the past to complaints, so
              he wanted to give them "the benefit of the
              doubt" and intended to contact them about
              the matter.
              For his part, Nigel R. Spicer, president of
              Microsystems, said he had not examined the
              reasons that all the gay newsgroup sites
              named by the article were included on the
              Cyber Patrol list. The one site he did check
              after reading Meeks' report, however, was
              on the list because it contained links to
              personals ads, he said.
              McCullagh is keeping mum about how he
              and Meeks got the lists in the first place,
              although he denies that either of them
              personally decoded the software. "Brock and
              I are not cyptographic analysts," he said.
              "We don't spend our days de-encrypting
              files. We are writers, not crytographers."
              Spicer was less than happy about the
              prospect that Cyber Patrol's list may have
              fallen into outsiders' hands. He said that, so
              far, he had been unable to confirm whether
              the reporters had the true list for Cyber Patrol
              and, if so, how they had managed to obtain
              it.
              "It's always a concern if you believe people
              are getting access to material you've gone to
              the trouble to not make available," he said.
              "If we believe the encryption scheme has
              been compromised, we will make another
              one."
              Kanter, of CYBERsitter, said the list
              mentioned in the Cyberwire Dispatch article
              was, indeed, his company's. "I hope that list
              doesn't get out beyond where it was," he
              said.
              Jay S. Friedland, vice president of marketing
              for SurfWatch products, said Friday that he
              had not yet read the article. He said the
              blocking companies keep their lists secret for
              two reasons: to prevent their misuse and to
              keep their competitive edge.
              "Clearly, each company has a proprietary
              advantage," Friedland said. "One of our
              competitors could take and use the same
              information."

@_date: 1996-07-09 14:21:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HotWired -- "Third Choice" for Netizens may be Libertarian Party 
HotWired: The Netizen
"Third Choice" -- Campaign Dispatch
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 8 July    The nervous sweat of US voters forced to choose between
   character-impaired Clinton and vision-impaired Dole may distill into
   fuel for the Libertarian Party. At the party's ragtag convention last
   week, Harry Browne began to make a case that the Libertarian Party
   isn't just for cyberheads and conspiracy theorists.
   It was a refreshing departure from the highly scripted 1992 Democratic
   National Convention - more an exercise in infotainment than anything
   else - where party insiders worked quietly to block a loudmouth Jerry
   Brown from speaking unless he signed an agreement pledging fealty to
   Bill Clinton...
   Not so with the Libertarian convention, which netizens attended in
   force. Phil Zimmermann, author of Pretty Good Privacy, appeared at a
   privacy workshop on Saturday where delegates received PGP on floppies.
   On Thursday, Jim Ray, a cypherpunk and Libertarian delegate from Coral
   Gables, Florida, introduced a motion to strengthen the party's stance
   on encryption by condemning "government access to keys" - a mandatory
   backdoor for the Feds. "Or GAK, as we call it on Cypherpunks," Ray
   told the other delegates, who passed the revised crypto plank
   unanimously.
   The so-called Year of the Net marches on, but the Libertarian Party
   now stands as the only serious political party with a commitment to
   defending the rights of netizens.

@_date: 1996-07-10 10:13:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rep. Sonny Bono speaks at NPC on online copyright 
I just got back from hearing Rep. Sonny Bono (R-Calif) speak at the
National Press Club this afternoon.
The topic was "Intellectual Property" -- timely enough since Bono sits
on the House subcommittee considering the online copyright bill
(HR2441) I've railed against in the past. As a former member of the
entertainment industry, he's a stauch supporter of that ill-advised
legislation, which is opposed by the Digital Future Coalition.
Given the topic of his speech, I kinda expected him to talk about,
well, maybe intellectual property.
I was wrong. He spent most of an hour rambling incoherently about his
life ("I had to lug beef to get started in the music business") and how
he really wasn't a politican after all. Not to put too fine a point on
it, he's a bit of a dimwit. (Someone sitting at my table told me that a
recent Washingtonian mag dubbed him the dumbest member of Congress.)
Bono is one of the few politians that could make Bob Dole sound
intelligent and eloquent.
I brought a friend along to the banquet. (Since I'm a member of the NPC

@_date: 1996-07-12 20:32:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HotWired -- "A Browne Study" 
When Harry Browne was in my office for an interview on Tuesday, he talked a
good line, stressing his unabashed support for free speech (online and
offline) and government nonintervention in crypto. Read the full article in
today's HW/Netizen at the URL below for details...
Also in today's Netizen, John Heilemann reports on how "wired" Dick Lamm
is, saying that as long as Lamm's politics are in touch with the future,
it's good for the Net:
  I happen to disagree; I think that if a candidate for president wants to
portray himself as "wired," he should venture into c-space himself. At
least we know Browne's cyber-clueful -- after all, he told me he bookmarked
HotWired. :)
HotWired, The Netizen
"A Browne Study"
Campaign Dispatch
by Declan McCullagh
Washington, DC, 10 July
   The newly anointed Libertarian candidate for president dropped by
   HotWired's Washington bureau yesterday. With netizens appropriately
   regulation-shy after the Communications Decency Act brouhaha, the
   White House's Clipper III proposal, and calls from the Justice
   Department for a new cabinet-level agency to rein in the Net, it was
   clear the guy knows how to woo online voters.
   "Can you imagine if I got to the debates, and I made Bill Clinton and
   Bob Dole justify censoring the Internet - made them justify their
   blatant disregard for the First Amendment of the Constitution?" Harry
   Browne asked.
   No doubt about it, the Libertarian party has its flaws - little
   things, like that they'd gut environmental laws and auction off
   America's national parks and wildlife refuges if given half a chance.
   But it's also pretty obvious that this is the only party that actually
   understands the Net.

@_date: 1996-07-15 16:01:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HotWired -- "Crypto Storm Warning" 
below. Gorelick spoke last Friday at the Freedom Forum in Virginia.
The Netizen
"Crypto Storm Warning"
Campaign Dispatch
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 14 July    The Clinton administration escalated its cyber-fearstorm today when
   a top Justice Department lawyer slammed the Net for "transmitting
   child pornography into our homes" and for allowing hackers to possibly
   "shut down the banking system."
   At the same time, [Jamie] Gorelick edged away from the hard-line
   rhetoric the administration used to defend the Communications
   Decency Act.
   Gorelick's cybercondemnations play against a backdrop of political
   jockeying inside the Justice Department. Reno disclosed last November
   that she has Parkinson's disease, and Gorelick is her logical
   successor if Clinton stays in office next term.
   After Gorelick completed her speech and sat down, I leaned over and
   asked her: "Could I have your email address?"
   She didn't know it. "I don't go into it that often," Gorelick said,
   adding that the Justice Department doesn't use email much, for
   "security reasons." "Call me and I'll give it to you," she promised.
   Gosh, what a surprise: The US government's leading spokesperson on the
   dangers and the evils of the Net doesn't even log in.

@_date: 1996-07-16 02:32:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Seek-and-Destroy 
Do NOT visit:
  The sysadmins for xxx.lanl.gov don't like robots visiting their web site,
so they've published a statement on indexing at:
  Remember, do NOT click on:

@_date: 1996-07-17 00:38:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Post -- "Block but Verify" 
[An editorial in today's Washington Post, about blocking software and the
CyberWire Dispatch that Brock and I sent out earlier this month. --Declan]
Editorial: "BLOCK, BUT VERIFY"
Monday, July 15 1996; Page A18
The Washington Post
   THE NEXT generation of highly publicized Internet products may have
   less to do with what you can get from the Net than with what you can
   protect yourself against getting. In the wake of the concern over
   pornography that sparked the now-overturned Communications Decency
   Act, vendors have rushed to market software with names like SurfWatch
   and NetNanny.
   Some incidents of what might be called over-screening are accidents
   resulting from the overzealous use of keywords or other sweeping means
   by the inexperienced. Others are exactly what the products' makers
   intend...
   An on-line article by cyberjournalists Brock Meeks and Declan
   McCullough reported on a product called CyberSitter, marketed by the
   conservative group Focus on the Family, that blocks access to any
   discussions of homosexuality. It's advertised as a product for
   families who want just that: a relatively G-rated version of
   cyberspace.
   The feasibility and ready availability of such products is, of course,
   a strong argument that the government needn't meddle. Anyone, not just
   those worried about porn, should soon be able to find software that
   edits what a family wants edited and lets through what it wants to
   read. One pitfall, though, as Messrs. McCullough and Meeks observe, is
   the commercially inspired reluctance of many of these producers of
   software to specify exactly what they are blocking. Though
   understandable, this raises obvious dangers that products meant to
   block one type of transmission -- violence, for example -- will in
   fact muffle wider areas of debate. Smart consumers will want, and
   demand, to know what they're not getting, the better to make use of
   the information they have.

@_date: 1996-07-18 02:37:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Surf-filter lists 
Flamboyant prose? Moi? Never!
More to the point, as I wrote at the end of the original CWD, it's a
bait-and-switch maneuver. Go after porn, they say, but the censor political
And you don't know about it.

@_date: 1996-07-18 08:16:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
The emerging consensus is, in fact, nonexistant.
Gorelick trotted out the same fiction when she, Leahy, Sen. Kyl, and White
(deputy defense secretary) testified before the Senate permanent
subcommittee on investigations this morning.
(Note that Leahy is only occasionally a friend of the Net. His original
crypto bill had troubling additional criminal penalties; he shepharded
Digital Telephony through Congress; he is a co-sponsor of the vile
copyright bill pending right now. In sum, he'd hurt the Net more than help
it. This becomes a problem when netizens hold him up as an champion of our
freedoms -- and then when DT II comes along his fellow senators think it's
okay to vote for it 'cuz Mr. Net, Leahy, is a cosponsor.)
My rebuttal to Gorelick's fantasy is: well, what about Japan, where the
country's constitution forbids wiretapping?

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:20:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Russian foreign intelligence CD-ROM 
LOOKING FOR A GREAT GIFT IDEA? The Russian Foreign Intelligence Service
 (SVR) announced yesterday that it is releasing a six-hour long CD ROM that
 tells the stirring 75-year history of Soviet and Russian foreign
 intelligence. The CD ROM will be released in Russian and English versions
 and sell for about $120. It promises to provide buyers with access to SVR
 headquarters, and contains interviews with dozens of heretofore mysterious
 intelligence officers described as having helped shape the existing world
 order. (Itar-Tass, Interfax, July 16)

@_date: 1996-07-18 13:57:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Zimmermann's open letter and Congressional crypto-musing 
Phil Zimmermann has an open letter to Congress on ProCODE and HR3011 in
today's "The Hill" newspaper, on page 17. Excerpts follow.
Unfortunately, no matter how wonderful the ProCODE bill may be (and it is),
it isn't going anywhere this year. There's no time left. And in the Senate,
national security interests have strong allies who would move to block the
bill if it suddenly slithered out of committee.
But at least netizens have been able to educate Congress, and the debate is
shifting in our favor. Take Sen. Nunn's cyberscare hearing yesterday, where
Deputy Attorney General Jamie Gorelick cried that "we will have a cyber
equivalent of Pearl Harbor in time." During the hearing, Sen. Carl Levin
(D-Michigan) mused: "Part of the problem is we have competing goals...
Encryption is one way to secure that data. But law enforcement wants access
to that data... It's not just a matter of [strong] encryption. We are torn
between these conflicting goals."
So while the Hill is waking up, American businesses are losing out. By the
time Congress moves on this issue in 1997, it may be too late.
The Hill, July 17, 1996, page 17
"Democracy in the Information Age"
I urge you to support S.1726, the Burns-Leahy ProCODE bill to lift export
controls on cryptographic software, or Goodlatt's House version of the
bill, H.R. 3011...
...U.S. software makers cannot incorporate good cryptography features into
their products if that results in their inability to export such
products... It also threatens the competitiveness of the entire U.S.
computer industry, as we lose entire systems sales to foreign competitors,
because we cnanot supply systems to our foreign customers if those systems
contain cryptographic components.
Cryptogrpahy has become the most pivotal technology for privacy and civil
liberties in the information age. It is for this reason that I wrote Pretty
Good Privacy, now called PGPmail, and published it for free on the Internet
in 1991...
Privacy is a human right that appeals to everyone across the political
spectrum. It offers a rare combination of moral high ground and political
safety. The onlyway to hold the line on privacy in the information age is
strong cryptography, strong enough to keep out major governments. And
S.1726 is our best home for giving Americans access to this essential tool
of liberty. Let us bequeath to our children a society that lets them
whisper in someone ear, even if the ear is a thousand miles away.
PHILIP R. ZIMMERMANN
Chairman and Chief Technology Officer
Pretty Good Privacy, Inc.
555 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 570
Redwood City, CA 94065

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:49:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Surf-filter lists 
Fine, call it "blocking," "restricting access to," or "muzzling." My point
still stands.

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:53:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Philippine government moves to block incoming net-porn 
The attached note appears to have been sent to all ISPs in the
Philippines. It asks them to report back on how they can "block entry of
pornographic materials through the INTERNET." Note how it equates censoring porn with preventing sex tourism.
General information about international net-censorship is at:
    Thanks to David Sobel for forwarding this.
15 July 1996
M E M O R A N D U M
TO: ALL REGISTERED VALUE ADDED SERVICES PROVIDERS
RE: REQUEST OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TO BAR OR BLOCK
    ENTRY OF PORNOGRAPHIC MATERIALS THROUGH THE INTERNET
The Special Committee for Children, constituted pursuant to E.O. 275 dated
14 September 1995, is tasked to ensure the special protection of children from all forms of neglect, abuse, cruelty, exploitation, discrimination and other conditions prejudicial to their development. Said Committee takes action on specific issues involving the implementation of the provisions of
R. A. 7610 which covers several areas of concern, among others, child prostitution and other sexual abuse; child trafficking; obscene publications
and indecent shows using children as performers or models; other acts of
neglect, abuse, cruelty or exploitation and other conditions predjudicial
to the child's development.
The Committee has raised the concern on the INTERNET being used as a very convenient medium for advertising sex tourism in the Philippines, with particular focus on the alleged availability of Filipino children for sexual
liaisons and entertainment. Some materials used in the network for the afformentioned puprose were given to this Commission.
Secretary Teofisto T. Guingona, Jr., Department of Justice, requested this
Commission to bar or block entry of pornographic materials through the In view of this, you are requested to give your comments/position and suggestions on this matter, particularly on the possibility of barring or blocking pornographic materials through the INTERNET, and submit the same to this Commission by 18 July 1996 attention to Director Edgardo V. Cabarios,
CCAD at fax no. 921-7128.
Your cooperation and prompt action on this matter is greatly appreciated.
Simeon J. Kintanar

@_date: 1996-07-20 23:40:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Singapore officials censor U.S. newgroup posting 
This move by Singapore to censor a newsgroup posting is a good example of
the overbreadth of government censorship. It's a bait-and-switch maneuver:
say you're going after porn but censor "offensive" speech.
Of course, this gives the lie to the Singapore government's assertion
that "we are not censoring discussion groups."
Some excerpts from the recent regulations requiring the registration of
political or social groups: "Political and religious organisations are free to
conduct discussions provided they guard against breaking the law or
disrupting social harmony.
The regulations ban contents that "tend to bring the Government into hatred
or contempt," are "pornographic," or "depict or propagate sexual
perversions such as homosexuality, lesbianism, and paedophilia."
I have more information on the regulations at:
    Singapore Internet Regulators Take First Action, Censor Posting
July 19, 1996
AP-Dow Jones News Service
SINGAPORE -- In its first action since assuming powers this week to
police the Internet, the Singapore Broadcasting Authority has yanked
off a newsgroup's posting that criticized some lawyers, a newspaper
reported Friday.
The SBA acted on a complaint by an unidentified law firm, which said
the contents of the anonymous posting defamed some of its lawyers in
Singapore, according to a report in the Straits Times newspaper Friday.
The newspaper said the posting on the newsgroup was apparently made by
a disgruntled client who claimed he lost a case even though his lawyers
told him he could win it. The client also questioned the ability of the
lawyers who belongs to one of the oldest firms in Singapore, the
Straits Times said.
Under new SBA regulations that came into effect Monday, the government
agency has the power to ask Internet service providers to remove
material that it considers objectionable. A government-appointed panel
of prominent citizens decides what is objectionable.
The Straits Times said the posting is believed to have been made from
the U.S., which means the SBA, in keeping with its own rules, will not
be able to take action against the offender.
The SBA says its rules are mainly directed against pornography,
anti-government or seditious views, racially motivated slurs and
articles that could inflame religious passions.
Since Monday, Internet providers, political parties that maintain Web
sites, groups and individuals who run discussion sites on politics and
religion, and on-line newspapers are deemed to have become
automatically licensed. This means refusal to follow the SBA rules will
result in fines. The amounts are yet to be determined.

@_date: 1996-07-23 08:34:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada investigating Net-regulations -- call CBC-Radio now! 
[David Jones is the head of EF-Canada. Call CBC Radio with your comments
now! (I did, and left them on the voice mailbox that Morning Edition
graciously provided.) --Declan]

@_date: 1996-07-26 15:39:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cyber Rights Non! -- French Net-Censorship 
Attached is a portion of the lead article from today's HotWired on the
French government's net-censorship.
I'm pleased to say I just received word from a French correspondent that
the French "Conseil Constitutionnel" has blocked the part of the law
creating "Le Conseil Supï¿½rieur de la Tï¿½lï¿½matique" to decide what should be
blocked online.
(From what I've been able to gather, that court reviews laws to ensure
they're constitutional. On June 27, the Conseil heard arguments from
senators that the law violated articles of the French constitution.)
I have more on other international net-censorship attempts at:
    Read the full article at:
  The Netizen
Cyber Rights Non!
by Jerome Thorel
Paris, 24 July
   Early last month, at a time of day when typical netsurfers are just
   hitting their mouse-clicking stride - around 3:30 in the morning - the
   French Senate voted on the final version of the new Telecommunications
   Regulation Act. A little-remarked section of the act, introduced as an
   amendment a few days before, represents the French legislature's first
   plunge into the digital ocean. It creates a kind of administrative
   oversight of Internet speech, Web sites, and online services. The
   law's effect is to create a council - le Conseil Supï¿½rieur de la
   Tï¿½lï¿½matique (CST) - to dictate or arbitrate guidelines regarding
   Internet content.
   It turned out, however, that the move by Telecommunications Minister
   Franï¿½ois Fillon, sponsor of the French Telecom Act, was a little
   hasty. France had been shaken this spring by two investigations into
   pedophilia and Holocaust revisionism (both considered crimes in
   France) on the Internet.
   For months, Fillon had promised French Internet service providers that
   they would no longer bear responsibility for the content they
   transmit. The law does settle that question. But no one imagined that
   this guarantee would include as its condition the creation of the CST.
   To be safe from indictment, ISPs will be obliged to follow CST's
   guidelines - a policy typical of France's strong tradition of
   centralized administration.
   The French Net-regulation bill became law on 7 June - the same week
   that US federal judges declared the Communications Decency Act
   unconstitutional....
   Jerome Thorel, a Paris-based freelance reporter, writes frequently
   about technology and society. Andy Oram, in Cambridge, Massachusetts,
   contributed to this article.

@_date: 1996-07-26 15:57:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Princeton University muzzles students 
Kudos to Brock for writing about Princeton University's attempt to
muzzle student online speech -- by citing IRS regulations.
Sure, Princeton isn't bound by First Amendment strictures since it's
not a state university and there is no state action. Nevertheless, it
should abide by the fundamental and long-standing principles of
academic freedom. Especially as a supposedly leading institution of
higher education, Princeton should stand head and shoulders above the
rest in fighting for free expression on its campus. To its shame,
it didn't.
The university attorneys should have at least read the two relevant IRS
revenue rulings (they didn't) before announcing such a restrictive
policy. And this isn't the first overbroad censorial policy that
Princeton has on the books. Carl Kadie comments on another one at:
  gopher://gopher.eff.org:70/00/CAF/policies/princeton.edu.critique
The Justice on Campus Project ( has similar info.
When Princeton administrators claimed they followed the letter of the
law, in truth they used the law as an excuse to muzzle their students.
Read the full article at:
  The Netizen
Poison Ivy
Campaign Dispatch
by Brock N. Meeks
Washington, DC, 24 July
   Princeton University is apparently prohibiting students from
   exercising their First Amendment rights by going after folks who set
   up Web pages in support of presidential candidates, Dispatch has
   learned.
   Princeton launched its preemptory strike against free speech on 19
   July in a statement issued by its general counsel's office, which
   warns that a violation of the school's policy against politicking
   "will result in appropriate disciplinary action."
   Small problem: the IRS disagrees. Although there is no direct IRS
   ruling involving the use of a university's computer resources by its
   faculty, staff, or students to set up political Web pages, agency
   spokesman Wilson Fadely said there are two previous rulings "that may
   apply." The first deals with a student newspaper that directly
   endorsed one candidate for office over another. Despite the fact that
   the newspaper was published with university resources, "that was
   deemed not to be intervention," Fadely said.
   So where does Princeton get off riding its tax-exempt hobby horse as a
   de facto means to trample free speech? "No comment at this time," said
   Howard Ende, a Princeton attorney and co-author of the 19 July
   statement. When informed of the IRS rulings, Ende's reply was an
   enigmatic, "Oh, really."
   The one saving grace of the scenario is the perverse pleasure one can
   take in realizing that an elitist Ivy League school is so
   anal-retentive that it makes the IRS look reasonable. Go figure....

@_date: 1996-07-26 16:13:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fireworks expected, missed at Senate crypto hearing 
Precedence: bulk
Contrary to the Reuters report excerpted below, there weren't any fireworks
at today's ProCODE crypto hearing before the full Senate Commerce committee

@_date: 1996-07-27 03:17:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fireworks expected, missed at Senate crypto hearing 
He criticized the committee staff for not preparing a balanced summary. Harsh words, from a Repub.
If his comments yesterday are indicia, he won't vote for Pro-CODE.

@_date: 1996-07-30 06:53:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
Feinstein today introduced an amendment revisiting her 1995 net-censorship
amendment tacked onto the anti-terrorism bill. Seeks to ban bomb-making
info from the Net and is being marketed in those words, but is not

@_date: 1996-07-31 09:00:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Nat'l Law Journal and The Independent on CWD and net-filters 
Attached are portions of two articles from the National Law Journal and
London's The Independent following up on the CyberWire Dispatch that Brock
and I put out earlier this month on the rather unusual behavior of
net-filtering software.
The original CWD is at:
     (eventually)
The National Law Journal
Monday, August 5, 1996
Page A13
By Ann Davis
...Civil libertarians are demanding to know: since when were the National
Organizaton for Women or the Endangered Species Coalition in the same class
as devil worshippers? How can photos posted by animal rights groups be
categorized as "gross depictions"? Caught in a dragnet of blocking software
are web sites on everything from the safe use of fireworks to safe sex,
according to a report by the Internet-based news service CyberWire
To blocked groups' disappointment, however, Internet legal experts say any
lawsuit against private computer censors may be a losing proposition...
[Mike Godwin is quoted.]
...A cyber-Deep Throat recently leaked the lists to two Internet
investigative reporters, Brock N. Meeks and Declan B. McCullagh.
Blacklisted sites include a Silicon Valley council of the National Rifle
Association and Cyber High School, whose web address is similar to that of
a gay video site... [Snapshot of CyberHigh's web page included]
As a lawyer for CompuServe, Inc., Mr. Cunard meets potential legal
challenges with skepticism. The free speech angle? Implausible against a
private entity, he said. Discrimination claims? Difficult, unless you can
prove the Internet is a place of public accomodation. Tortious
interferrence? not likely, because most web site operators don't require
subscriptions and therefore don't have a duty to those who access their
The Independent (London)
Monday, July 22, 1996
By Charles Arthur
REAL ALE IS TOO STRONG FOR THE AMERICAN MORALISTS
Programs to protect children from Net porn are keeping them out of
a vast range of sites, says Charles Arthur
        Since last July, programs such as Cyber Patrol, NetNanny and
Cybersitter have sold thousands of copies. Some have distribution
agreements with organisations such as BT and CompuServe. The makers boast
that their products "includes a bad site list of thousands of Wed sites
that are not suitable for children" and "allow parents to censor what their
children access on the Internet."
        So far, so good - except that many of those "banned" sites include
many British sources holding very useful or entirely innocent information.
And the morality underlying many of the bannings is very American, and
quite unlike that which a British parent might be expected to apply.
        Among the British sites on the World Wide Web which your child
would be unable to access when using the programs are the Campaign for Real
Ale (Camra), the Prison Lexicon (which provides information about penal
reform), the computing department of Queen Mary and Westfield College,
Imperial College, the University of Stirling, the Internet connection
companies Demon and Zetnet, and Telephone Information Services - which
offers weather and share reports but not sex lines.
        Between them, the programs prevent access to tens of thousands of
sites on the Internet. But they effectively apply an American system of
morals - on religion, weapons, drugs, alcohol and sex - to the data which
British children might be expected to know about, or could obtain from
        None of the operators of any of the sites mentioned above was aware
that they were "blocked", and all were mystified by it.  "Which
self-selected Mary Whitehouse put us on their list?" asked Iain Lowe,
research manager of Camra.
        In Camra's case, the answer is a team of researchers at
Microsystems Software, based in Farmingham, Massachusetts, which has been
selling Cyber Patrol since July 1995, and now claims 80 per cent of a
fast-growing market. "Camra's site is blocked under our code for beer,
alcohol, wine and tobacco," said Dick Gorgens, the company's chief
executive. "It was added on June 10 when it was advertising a beer
        Mr Lowe responded, "We don't promote underage drinking. But pubs in
this country are allowed to apply for childrens' certificates: all the
family can go. And we have had inquiries to our site from GCSE students
doing projects on the economics of the brewing industry."
        Mr Gorgens denied that the program was imposing American morals
onto British users. However, the panel which reviews the banning of sites
includes no Britons, although it does include representatives from the
National Rifle Association and the right-wing anti-pornography Morality in
Media group.
        "A close look at the actual range of sites blocked by these
programs shows they go far beyond just restricting 'pornography'," said
Brock Meeks, an Internet journalist and consultant who, with fellow
journalist Declan McCullough, obtained a decoded list of the sites banned
by the programs earlier this month, July, and revealed their
indiscriminate breadth in an Internet mailing list, Cyberwire Dispatch.
        Steve Robinson-Grindey, who runs the Prison Lexicon site, said "It
is effectively an electronic encyclopaedia of everything concerning prisons
and penal affairs in England and Wales. It is extensively used by schools
and universities for information. Even the People's Republic of China allow
access to the site." He thought it might be banned because "obviously they
rely on search words for filtering - in which case they would discover the
words sex, AIDS, homosexual, and so on. But they failed to realise these
words were being used in serious material."

@_date: 1996-08-01 14:03:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Plague of Freedom" on G-7 from Internet Underground 
Yesterday in Paris government ministers from the G-7 countries met and
approved a 25-point plan calling for close cooperation in moving to
"intensify exchange of operational information," particularly "the use
of communications technologies by terrorist groups."
 "In case there is any
question about the United States's position, Attorney General Janet
Reno said: 'We obtained the agreement of the eight (countries at the
conference) to develop means of lawful government access to and
decoding of scrambled or coded communication transmitted by
terrorists.'" German delegates also blasted the Internet.
The ACLU reports that: "Proposed measures apparently include
investigations of charities and political organizations with radical
political points of view -- threatening their rights to free speech."
I've attached part of a cover story I have in the latest _Internet
Underground_ magazine ( that talks
about the G-7 process and how countries around the globe are moving to
stifle the Net. Pick up a copy of the physical mag for the full text of
this article, plus some wonderously horrific graphics including a mouth
shown shut with steel wire.
And for more info, check out my net-censorship archive at:
  Internet Underground
August 1996 / Issue 09
"PLAGUE OF FREEDOM"
The Internet's being disinfected for your protection
(pages 28-33)
By Declan McCullagh
declan at well.com
Call it an unlikely parable for today's Internet.
Daniel Defoe's "A Journal of the Plague Years" isn't about cyberspace.
Written in 1665, the book sketches a ghastly picture of a London under
Defoe tells how rats from foreign ships have invaded the city, carrying
with them the bubonic plague. Authorities resort to desperate measures,
barricading families inside their homes in a desperate attempt to halt
the onslaught.
It doesn't work. "Setting watchmen thus to keep the people in was,
first of all, not effectual, but that the people broke out, whether by
force or by strategm, even almost as often as they pleased," Defoe
So it is with the sprawling expanse of cyberspace in 1996. Governments
around the globe are rushing to barricade their borders, dam the flow
of foreign data, and create a new world information order. For good
reason: an uncensored 'net connection can be as deadly to a 20th
century government as the plague was three centuries ago.
And it may be just as infectious.
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS
The most influential international body involved in cyberrulemaking is
the G-7 group of industrialized nations. Truth be told, it's obscure
outside financial circles and is seen even inside them as becoming
irrelevant in a global financial system dominated by multinational
corporations, not by governments.
Yet the seven member nations have already started using the G-7
umbrella to engage in a sort of joint head-scratching about what to do
with cyberspace.
It started in February 1995 in Brussels, at a meeting called the "G-7
Ministerial Conference on the Information Society." There the telecom
honchos from G-7 nations and several smaller countries gathered to chat
about online copyright, cultural pollution, universal access, free
speech, and encryption policies.
At least the principles were lofty. "While the rhetoric of the
conference was progressive, there was no serious discussion of free
expression or other human rights concerns," wrote one American who
attended the conference.
Instead, the G-7 nations said they were considering how to deal with
inappropriate material on the 'net. Canada reminded the other countries
that it wasn't as permissive as the U.S. in dealing with
"hate-mongering materials," saying that when such publications appear
online "they are much easier to obtain but are more difficult to
monitor and take action against." The European Union decried copyright
pirates: "Some form of international cooperation is necessary to
supplement the existing legal systems governing intellectual property
rights." Saying the 'net is "not without risks," France stressed that
cyberspace "must not result in a standardization in content, or a
leveling of cultures."
Only Vice President Al Gore tossed a bone to cyber-rights advocates.
"[Cyberspace] is about protecting and enlarging freedom of expression
for all our citizens... Ideas should not be checked at the border,"
said Gore.
Gore didn't do this in a vacuum. "Our big victory at Brussels was that
we pressured them enough so that Al Gore in his keynote address made a
big point of stressing the importance of free speech on the Internet,"
says Ann Beeson of the American Civil Liberties Union.
Beeson should know -- she's been one of the few cybersavvy activists
who has been fighting globally for an unshackled Internet. Now a
principal attorney on the ACLU's legal team challenging the
Communications Decency Act, Beeson previously worked at Human Rights
Watch and crafted a letter the group sent to Gore before the Brussels
conference. Citing Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, it said: "Everyone has the right... to seek, receive and impart
information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.
Unfortunately, the only G-7 voices supporting this today are a silent
The G-7 information ministers met again in South Africa in May 1996 and
plan to meet in Egypt later this year, but no international
'net-advocacy group has been tracking the proposals discussed at the
meetings. U.S. cyberliberty groups have been preoccupied with the CDA
battle, and they have no international counterparts.
That's finally about to change. Two global 'net-alliances are emerging
and have held their initial planning meetings at Internet conferences
this summer in Canada.
The ACLU co-founded one group, called the Global Internet Liberty
Campaign. "We have to face the fact that while ultimately it's
extraordinarily difficult for governments to control the 'net, they're
going to try," says Barry Steinhardt, associate director of the ACLU.
"The best thing that governments can do is to stay out if it."
Not so, says Bruce Taylor, the chief architect of the CDA and a
professional cyber-scaremonger. The former Federal porn-prosecutor
believes that "not all censorship is bad."
"Foreign countries have an obligation to restrict obscenity and child
pornography on the Internet by the treaty of 1911," says Taylor. "It's
an agreement between the states to cooperate and to use international
laws to prosecute obscenity." And to Taylor, books and copies of
Penthouse magazine can be obscene.
FUTURE REGULATIONS
David Post is a likeable, bearded fellow who once studied yellow
babboons in Kenya and wears tennis shoes with his suits. Now the
co-director of the Cyberspace Law Institute, Post is one of the
few lawyers who's made a serious study of the international
evolution of the 'net.
To Post, the 'net is at a fork in its development: the two paths are
self-regulation or an international government crackdown.
"It's the central problem the 'net faces today," says Post. "How does
it relieve itself of the conflicting claims of soverigns whose power is
based on geographical boundaries -- something the 'net doesn't
Eric Freedman, a constitutional law professor at Hofstra Law School, is
anything but optimistic. Freedman remembers how governments already
have crafted a complex constellation of little-known treaties and
agreements governing everything from satellite placement to the world
banking system and postal services.
"I'm worried that the governments are ahead of us," says Freedman.
"There's a humongous potential to get absolutely screwed here... If 100
countries agreed on this, they could get this done in a week. It's
easier for them to coordinate, agree, and implement than it is for us
to stop them from doing so."
That's why the ACLU/American Library Association lawsuit challenging
the CDA is vital. If the Supreme Court upholds the law, Congress and
the White House can craft international "decency" agreements for
cyberspace. But if the high court slams the law as unconstitutional,
Clinton would be barred from signing a CDA-type treaty. "It's a
principle of constitutional law that any treaty has to conform to the
Constitution," says Freedman.
A victory in the CDA case would, in a sense, turn the U.S. into a safe
haven for controversial content from all over the world.
Freedman urges 'netizens in every country to launch similar fights
against government 'net-censorship. "Win as many national victories as
possible to get ahead of the governments of the world," he says. "If
the German or Australian supreme courts were to rule that freedom of
speech principles apply to the 'net as they do to a newspaper, that
would be very helpful."
In the near future, that's the best way to forestall the world
information order. The first time a country proposes such a formal
treaty, it has to die from lack of support.
But pressure to regulate the 'net will always exist, and a new way of
looking at cyberspace may have to emerge. Some precedents exist.
Maritime law, for example, says that no single nation has jurisdiction
over the oceans. Medieval Europe recognized a separate law for
merchants that had its own judicial system. Antarctica is not governed
by any single country's laws. The Catholic Church is a multinational
institution that largely rules itself.
The Cyberspace Law Institute's Post argues for this model. "We should
treat cyberspace as a distinct location and allow our own distinct
legal and moral systems to evolve," he says.
He's right. As the 'net matures, no other solution will work.
Daniel Defoe described governments locking citizen inside their homes,
to no avail: "It was impossible for one man so to guard all the
passages as to prevent the escape of people made desperate... And that
which was still worse, those that did thus break out spread the
infection farther."
The infection cyberspace spreads today is far more virulent than the
bubonic plague. Anathema to government, the 'net carries the virus of

@_date: 1996-06-04 14:25:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CWD: "Jacking in from the "One that Got Away" Port 
(By Brock Meeks / brock at well.com / Archived at  CyberWire Dispatch // Copyright (c) 1996 //
 Jacking in from the "One that Got Away" Port:
 Washington, DC -- President Clinton call your spooks, get FBI Director
 Louis Freeh on the phone.   Tell them to order in pizza.  Bill, it's
 going to be a long night.   All your plans to hold the U.S. crypto
 market hostage have just been fucked... and you didn't even get kissed.
 A virtual tactical nuke was hurled into the arcane subculture of
 encryption technology Monday when RSA President Jim Bizdos revealed
 that his company's Japanese subsidiary had developed a monster chipset
 capable of scrambling voice and data real time with a so-called "key
 length" of up to 1024 bits.
 That key length stuff is just so much gibberish to those playing
 without a scorecard, so let me drill down on it for you.  Basically,
 the longer the key length, the harder it is for a message to be broken
 by "brute force" automated attacks.  Current U.S. laws prohibit the
 export of any encryption device with a key length longer than 40-bits,
 or roughly the equivalent of  Captain Crunch decoder ring. For hardcore
 math types, I'm told that a 1024-bit key length is 10 to the 296th
 power more difficult to break than 40 bits.
 Bizdos, speaking during lunchtime at the Electronic Privacy Information
 Center (EPIC) 6th Cryptography and Privacy conference, told how his
 Japanese based company, Nihon-RSA, developed a set of two chips capable
 of scrambling messages at a level that will make the spooks in the
 Puzzle Palace (the National Security Administration) cough up hair
 balls that would make the First Cat Socks envious.
 Bizdos seems to have found crypto's magic bullet;  a legit way to
 essentially give the finger to U.S. export laws for crypto product. For
 years now the White House has been locked into a kind of crypto war.
 The Administration insists that strong encryption products must not be
 exported for fear that "terrorists, child pornographers and drug
 barons" and a rabble of assorted "bad guys" would snag the technology
 and proceed to plot the destruction of the "World As We Know It"... or
 at least Western Democracy, if the inbred Iranians got in line first.
 The White House crypto-fascist team, led by the NSA, FBI and assorted
 military hawks, have offered braindead compromise plans, including
 three versions of the "Clipper Chip."  This is a plan whereby you can
 buy strong locks for your data with the simple caveat that when you buy
 and use the products, you have to put the decoding key "in escrow."
 This way if a law enforcement agency ever has the need to unscramble
 any of your messages -- without you knowing it -- they can simply ask
 for these escrowed keys and have them handed over.  Yes, even your
 local sheriff's department can ask for the keys.
 Now, the government promises it will use this power only for good and
 never for evil.  Honest, that's what they say.  Of course, the Justice
 Department, in writing the rules for getting the keys, totally absolves
 any law enforcement agency of all harm if this power is abused in any
 way. Oh.. and if that power is abused, the sheriff or the FBI or
 fucking Park Police for that matter,  can still use any "evidence" they
 gin up on you.  Honest, I'm not making any of this stuff up.
 So the battle has raged.   The industry has been loathe to develop such
 products only for the American market because the cost of producing
 essentially duplicate products for domestic and foreign markets just
 wouldn't be cost effective.
 So, you and I are stuck having to use some pretty tedious encryption
 technologies, such as PGP (Pretty Good Privacy), which is great, but
 tough to use.  Or we can use the Captain Crunch Decoder ring
 equivalents available off the shelf. In the meantime, other countries
 are happily making and distributing robust encryption technologies, at
 a possible loss of up to $60 billion for U.S. companies.
 In fact, it's a crime even to put a program like PGP on your laptop and
 go overseas.   The State Department calls that "exporting."  The
 government recently dropped a case against Phil Zimmermann, the
 inventor of PGP, after putting him through several hellish years in
 which they threatened to toss his ass in jail.  There Phil would  no
 longer be a threat to society at-large, but instead become a
 "girlfriend" for a 265 pound felon named Spike.   Phil's "crime"??
 That somehow his PGP app had been uploaded on to the Internet and
 whisked around the world.  Phil didn't do it, but the U.S. government
 cried "export violation," anyway, eventually telling him, "Oh, never
 mind."
 So Bizdos, tired of fighting the wars here, enlisted the help of the
 Japanese.   After setting up his Japanese unit, he hired a crack team
 of Japanese crypto experts who essentially "reverse engineered" the
 company's own U.S. crypto product, according to Kurt Stammberger, RSA
 director of technology marketing.  It was a brilliant move.   Bizdos
 can't be slammed by the State Department for violating crypto export
 laws because, well, he didn't export a damn thing, except some U.S.
 greenbacks, which of course, could have gone to U.S. cryptographers,
 but let's not quibble about jobs.
 Anyone want to kick around the subject of global competitiveness?
 What's happened here is the Japanese have now trumped the entire world
 on the crypto market.   What's more, Clinton's brain-dead allegiance to
 the FBI, et al., has now allowed the Japanese government, which still
 owns a large share of NTT, which owns a minority share of RSA's
 Japanese subsidiary, to have a lock on the world's strongest encryption
 technology.   Can you say "Remember the VCR"  or "Remember the
 Semiconductor" or how about "Thanks, Bill.  We're fucked."
 The boys in the Pentagon made a stink a few years ago when a Japanese
 company made a play for Fairchild, a top defense contractor.  It was
 feared that the Japanese, by swallowing up the U.S. company, would also
 gain access to technologies vital to the U.S. military.   The deal was
 squashed.  Natch... now it looks like the G.I.'s with the stars on
 their shoulders have just put their spit-shined combat boots up their
 own ass by supporting Clinton and his continued ban on crypto exports.
 "We truly have ceded this market Japanese companies," Bizdos said.
 "It's almost too late to turn it around."  Some 15 COUNTRIES have
 already placed orders for these chips, Bizdos said, adding that the
 Japanese will not build the chips with a key escrow function.
 EPIC Director Marc Rotenberg said he was told by a Japanese
 representative that the country's constitution wouldn't allow key
 escrow because it doesn't allow wire-tapping.  Umm... maybe the
 Japanese just don't have *really* bad guys like the FBI assumes we have
 here.
 What's more, Bizdos says the deal with NTT is "no coup."  He says the
 Germans and French "aren't far behind" in developing similar
 technologies.   The RSA bombshell "fuels the argument that this stuff
 can't be contained in our own borders," said PGP's Zimmermann.
 Just how the relationship between NTT and RSA works out isn't set,
 Bizdos acknowledged.  "They'll pay us a royalty for the chips they
 sell," he said. "We're working it all out."
 Meanwhile, from my office window here in DC I've already counted 17
 Domino's Pizza delivery bikes go screaming by on their way to the White
 House.  Through my telescope I can see the White House balcony;  it
 looks like Bill is sick, like he's just heard some "really bad news."
 And behind him, just inside the double-doors, on a persian rug placed
 there by Warren G. Harding, I think Socks the Cat has just coughed up a
 hairball... or maybe it was Louis Freeh.  From this angle, I just can't
 be sure.
 Meeks out...
 ------------
 Additional reporting by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)

@_date: 1996-06-04 15:42:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Markoff in NYT on NTT/RSA chip 
Heh. You read it first in the CyberWire Dispatch Brock and I put out earlier tonight. :)
Japanese Data-Scrambling Chip Renews Debate
      By JOHN MARKOFF
     W ASHINGTON -- Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp. has quietly
     begun selling a powerful data-scrambling chip set that is likely to
     undermine the Clinton administration's efforts to restrict the
     export of the fundamental technology for protecting secrets and
     commerce in the information age.
     The existence of the two-chip set, which will have broad potential
     application for local computer networks, the Internet and telephone
     switching networks, was disclosed in Washington in a speech Monday
     at a public policy workshop by the chief executive of RSA Data
     Security, a Silicon Valley-based company that has frequently dueled
     with the administration over its export-control policies.

@_date: 1996-06-05 01:54:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CWD: "Jacking in from the "One that Got Away" Port 
Yeah, we fucked up here and are getting rightfully flamed.
A more accurate way to say this would be something like:
1024-bit RSA is as hard to crack as three nested iterations of 56-bit DES.
The key length for symmetric-key cryptosystems isn't comparable to the key
length for public key cryptosystems. And now that I'm at it, I'm now told that it was a Captain Marvel decoder Apologies, all.

@_date: 1996-06-05 10:53:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How to explain crypto? 
Brock, the crypto-challenged, humbly apologizes for his gaffe. He was
looking for a way to draw an understandable comparison of how much harder a
1024-bit implementation of RSA is to break than what current export
controls allow.
He's asking for suggestions on how in future articles he could word this so
a layman could understand it... Preferably something that could be said in
a few sentences. (Brock cops to the fact that it does an incredible
disservice to a complex topic. Remember, tho, he writes for a broad
audience with a way diverse range of understanding -- or misunderstanding,
as the case may be!)
For example, someone sent me this explanation:
  "The 1024 bit key is likely an RSA key, and is not comperable to a 40 bit
  symetric key.  From memory, 1024 bit RSA is about as hard to crack as 90
  bit symetric."
Is this a reasonable comparison?

@_date: 1996-06-05 17:38:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Richard Stallman on RSA, Zimmermann, crypto 
Richard's comments below are very much worth reading. Also check out the
following URLs for back fight-censorship messages about the RSA/Zimmermann
conflict... MIT's Seth Finkelstein on RSA/Zimmermann history:
  Background on RSA's involvement with recent crypto legislation:
      ---------- Forwarded message ----------
As an opponent of Clipper--I debated Dorothy Denning on NPR once--I
was glad to read about the new Japanese encryption chip.
But that chip is not the right solution for most people who want to
use encryption.  For example, I'm considering using digital
signatures.  I don't need the high power that requires special
expensive hardware, and I would rather not have to buy it.  What I
would really like is free software, which I can run on an ordinary PC,
to do the job.
Unfortunately, there isn't any.  RSA Inc. made sure of that.
Zimmermann initially intended to release PGP as free software.  But
RSA Inc threatened him with a patent suit, and forced him to change
the distribution terms.  Now PGP in the US uses RSAREF, which is
restricted by a patent license to non-commercial use only.  In other
words, only hobbyists and academics can use it.  There is a commercial
version which is proprietary software, and apparently not many people
want it badly enough to buy it.
The version of PGP used outside the US is free software, but if you
use it within the US, RSA Inc. can sue you.
This is very bad for people who would like to use PGP.  But it is
worse than that.  It affects the political battle too.
PGP had a chance to create a constituency of Americans who demand the
right to use encryption.  If PGP had been allowed for use in business,
not just by hobbyists, we would have far more Americans who care
enough to fight against Clipper--and they would include businesses
which have the funds to influence legislators.  RSA Inc. prevented
this from happening, and did so for no reason except money.
Bidzos and Rivest would like to present themselves as the defenders of
our freedom to use encryption.  And it is true, they would like us to
be able to use encryption, as long as we are required to pay them for
doing so.  But when they had the choice of letting us use encryption
freely or stamping it out, they chose the latter.
I hope you won't portray them as heroes.

@_date: 1996-06-07 10:34:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NDcrypt available for Newtons 
** ENCRYPTION TOOL NOW NEWTON 2.0 SAVVY **
Geert Jadoul <76271.2121 at CompuServe.COM> reports that he has finally
finished a Newton 2.0 savvy version of NDcrypt.
NDcrypt 2.0 Light is an improved version of NDcrypt v1.6.  It has become
a US$15 shareware utility with a trial period of 4 weeks.  After 4 weeks the
"Encrypt" and "UnReadable" buttons will disappear until you fill in the
registration code in the preferences window.  You will still be able
after 4 weeks to "Decrypt" notes or make them "Readable" again, so you
will not lose any data.
The name "NDcrypt 2.0 Light" also infers that Geert is working on a
NDcrypt 2.0 Pro version.  This version will have better incorporation of
NDcrypt in the system; overview and search functions; and viewing Notes
(decrypt a Note to view it but keep it encrypted in the Notes app).
NDcrypt 2.0 Light is available at with the name "NDcry2Li.sit" and on Compuserve  under "NOS
2.0 ONLY".
      Tom Collins|Innovative Computer Solutions|     tom at newts.com| 1075 North Miller Rd.,  |  pagetom at newts.com|  Scottsdale, Arizona 85257  |

@_date: 1996-06-07 22:53:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fight-Censorship Dispatch #12: CDA deathwatch, copyright update 
Fred Cherry is a prize example of your lonely pamphleteer, though he's one
who's just plain wacky. Note that calling someone wacky or a loon does not equate to saying they
should be silenced. I've said many times that Cherry should not be muzzled
on Usenet.
For more info on Fred Cherry and his lawsuit, check out my  fight-censorship dispatch at:

@_date: 1996-06-08 14:21:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NSA/CIA to snoop INSIDE the U.S.??? 
This is a fucking big story.
Allowing the CIA and NSA to snoop domestically, and using only a handful of
suspicions and anecdotes about cybernastiness and evil cryptohackers to
justify this major policy shift -- well, it's fucking amazing.
Nunn's proposal, unfortunately, was more than a "suggestion."
But Rory's right. DC *is* in the throes of Internet fever, and it'll just
get worse as the summer gets hotter and hotter. It's almost 80 degress
right now.

@_date: 1996-06-20 09:11:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oil Change software snoops through hard drive 
Alan forwarded this to me. Thought it might be interesting. -Declan
Heads up: Privacy & Continuous Access Ks implicated by new software
This press release for a new product - a software agent - has
implications for privacy and continuing access issues, because it works
by scanning user's hard disks and automatically providing software
Unanswered Qs:
1) What other kinds of info does/can it troll for?
2) What does it do when it finds unregistered software?
3) Does it implicate ECPA?
4) Will updates be available through other means?
5) Must a user affirmatively grant permission to the software agent?
6) Can a user decline or limit the agent's access?
7) What uses may the agent's owner make of data collected?
Alan L
press release:
*** "Digital Oil Change"
CyberMedia announced today at PC Expo that it plans to automatically
personal computer software via the Net with a newly unveiled product
Oil Change. The company reports that Oil Change automatically replaces
outdated, bug-ridden software and hardware drivers with clean updates.
CyberMedia says the product is designed to use the Net to find, download,
install updates to Microsoft Windows 95 software applications and
drivers. Oil
Change reportedly tracks all currently installed versions and revisions
of all
Windows 95 software and hardware drivers on a PC, and then dials into
CyberMedia's Internet Web Server for related updates. Users in need of an
update are alerted by Oil Change with a description of what the update
do, and then the product finds the update on a software manufacturer's
site, downloads, and installs it. Beginning today, CyberMedia says it
offer a free beta version of Oil Change for a limited time at its Web

@_date: 1996-06-20 09:42:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
This is a nice idea, but it's not going to happen.
Yes, Harry Browne has raised enough money to qualify for matching funds
from the FEC. But he's unable to give out the cash or use it to pay down
the gvt debt since doing so could violate FEC regulations. The FEC is also
unwilling only to certify Browne for matching funds without giving it to
him -- he's got to take the money and spend it on campaign foo and nothing
else, says the government. Finally, once they give you cash you have to
meet a higher degree of scrutiny, which costs money in lawyers and
Talk about bureaucracy.
At least this is what the party tells me. I'll be covering their
convention, which is in DC a few weeks from now.

@_date: 1996-06-20 10:06:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Digital Cash application 
Whether it's a good idea or not -- and I'm told that it could violate FEC
rules -- it's not going to happen.
A campaign spokesperson told me that "Harry refuses" to take the cash, period.

@_date: 1996-06-22 05:03:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HotWired -- The Tenth Justice (6/20/96) 
Check out today's HotWired at  for the full article.
HotWired: The Netizen
The Tenth Justice
by Brock N. Meeks (brock at well.com) and Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 20 June 1996
   Little known and unheralded outside judicial circles, U.S. Solicitor
   General Drew Days will soon play a key role in the continuing saga of
   the Communications Decency Act: it's now up to Days to vote thumbs up
   or down on sending the case to the Supreme Court.
   Days's decision carries enormous weight with the Supreme Court
   justices. "The solicitor general is known as the tenth justice," says
   Llew Gibbons, Temple University law fellow. "He has that much power
   before the court. It's a level of credibility nobody else has."
   Although the solicitor general - the No. 3 spot in the Department of
   Justice - is a political appointee, the job has historically been
   above politics; as Gibbons says, the solicitor general's real client
   is the Constitution. At the same time, it's a coveted position widely
   seen as a steppingstone to a seat on the Supreme Court, as it was for
   Thurgood Marshall.
   In addition, the job's independence allows the solicitor general to
   rule according to his understanding of constitutional law, not party
   allegiance - which is why Days's decision on the CDA will carry so
   much weight with the high court.
   Nonetheless, as independent and influential as Days may be, should he
   decide not to send the case on, he could still be overruled by
   Attorney General Janet Reno.
   Days has traveled this road before. Shortly after he took office in
   1993, he wrote a decision arguing that the Bush administration had
   screwed up in sending a controversial child pornography case to the
   Supreme Court. The court, having already decided to take the case,
   reversed itself and, on the strength of Days's argument, sent it back
   to the appeals court.

@_date: 1996-06-27 15:06:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bruce Taylor at HotWired 
This is going to be an interesting chat. It will be the first time in my
recollection that a supporter of the CDA has ventured onto the Net to
defend it.
Taylor, of course, is the principal author of the CDA as the president of
the National Law Center for Children and Families. A former Justice
Department porn-prosecutor with a record number of convictions ("Comstock
was an amateur"), he'll be talking about what the DoJ is thinking and what
their plans are. (He's argued obscenity cases before the Supreme Court.)
But for such a net-basher, he's pretty cyberclueless. Since Taylor doesn't
even have email, let alone a live net-connection, he's coming over to my
office tomorrow evening and we'll connect to HotWired from my Macintosh.
"Hide your porn," he reminded me.
I plan to.
Info on Taylor's CDA amicus brief supporting the Justice Department:
  The text of Taylor's amicus brief:

@_date: 1996-06-27 16:16:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
You should believe it. Take it seriously. Your elected Congressperns do.
In a nice twist, the threat of darkside hackers has emerged as one of the
best arguments for Sen. Burns' Pro-CODE legislation.
At today's hearing, it was clear that we needed the legislation to encrypt
the net-infrastructure and prevent it from being ripped apart by
terrorists. Security through strong crypto, I say, and paint Janet Reno as
a friend of and apologist for those evil hackers.

@_date: 1996-03-22 01:08:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning attacks Leahy's crypto bill 
I may have to adjust my position on Leahy's bill. Any legislation that
Dorothy Denning attacks so virulently must be worth passing.

@_date: 1996-05-22 05:25:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
Contrary to what the attached note says, there is no draft copy available yet.
OMB publications at the number below says: "We're just finding out about
the report. We're not sure if they're going to give us copies or not."

@_date: 1996-05-22 11:11:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
To follow up:
I think EPIC is putting last week's draft online, not this week's.

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:25:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
The *most recent* draft version of the white paper -- not the early 5/10
version that I quoted from but the one publicly released yesterday -- is
available at We should thank the good folks at EPIC, those swell touch-typists, for
taking the time to put the paper online, along with their comments on it.

@_date: 1996-05-24 16:49:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: National Journal article sez net-activism is just political hicks 
Heh. Check out  for Charles Platt's "Anarchy Online."
(Did I mention it here before? Charles talks about a few things we've
discussed here, like the Zundel mirrors, Marty Rimm, and the fight over the CDA.)

@_date: 1996-05-25 12:01:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anarchy Online 
I have enough respect for Charles to say that he probably doesn't believe everything *anyone* tells him, including me.

@_date: 1996-05-25 13:38:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anarchy Online 
A shame that Charles didn't give you all the credit you so rightfully
deserve. Holocaust fetishists need all the press they can get. :)
Perhaps he thinks you're a net.loon -- I do suggest you ask him! Yours truly,

@_date: 1996-05-30 15:37:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NRC crypto policy report to be released Thursday 
I was offline for the Memorial Day weekend, and I'm hundreds of messages behind on cypherpunks, so ignore this if it's redundant...
But anyway, a reminder:
The National Research Council's report on crypto policy will be unveiled
tomorrow at the National Press Club at 1 pm in Washington, DC. I'm going
to try my best to be there.    The Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) of the
   National Research Council (NRC) has completed a congressionally
   mandated study of national cryptography policy. The final report,
   Cryptography's Role in Securing the Information Society, will be
   released to the public on May 30, 1996 at a public briefing. A large
   number of the authoring committee members will attend.
   The public briefing will take place in the Main Lounge of the National
   Press Club, 14th and F Streets, N.W., Washington, D.C., from 1:00 PM
   to 3:00 PM, on Thursday, May 30, 1996. Committee members will respond
   to questions from attendees, and a limited number of pre-publication
   copies of the report will be available at that time. By the close of
   business on May 30, a summary of the report will be made available
   through this web page; the full publication will be made available
   when final printed copies of the book are available (probably around
   the beginning of August).
   The committee also intends to conduct a second public briefing on the
   report in
   Menlo Park, California at SRI International. The briefing will be held
   in the Auditorium of the International Building from 10 to 11 am on
   Wednesday, June.5. The address is 333 Ravenswood Avenue, Menlo Park,
   California, 94025. For more information about the briefing at SRI,
   contact Alice Galloway at 415-859-2711 (alice_galloway at qm.sri.com).

@_date: 1996-05-30 17:46:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Update on CDA and copyright (5/29/96) 
ON THE CDA:
Folks involved in the case expect a decision within the next week from the
Philadelphia three-judge panel hearing our challenge to the CDA. The DoJ
has a few weeks to appeal to the Supreme Court if they lose.

@_date: 1996-11-03 08:00:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Response to PFF's O'Donnell on the CDA and moralists 
Richard O'Donnell from the Progress and Freedom Foundation writes in an
essay attached below:
 > The strategic error of civil libertarians in the fight over the
 >censorship act was to lump together the statist moralists and the
 >anti-statist moralists. The latter are natural allies of the free
 >speechers (for the same reason the Christian Coalition and
 >Libertarians call the Republican party home). The ACLU crowd was
 >unable to create a free speech alliance with Christians because they
 >failed to acknowledge that attempts to limit the availability of
 >pornography is very American.
O'Donnell makes some good points elsewhere, but the above fails to
convince me. Trying to impose your moral code on others through the power
of law has a long history in America: Prohibition and sodomy laws. We also
have a long history of discrimination against gays, blacks, and jews. But
that doesn't make it right, or justified. Gutting the First Amendment though state action, which the religious right
did in passing the CDA, is indeed "unAmerican." It goes against the very
principles of free expression and tolerance for political dissent upon
which this country was founded. There is a difference between arguing that
people should decline to purchase erotica or read "indecent"  materials --
and calling for criminal laws to ban it.
I agree with O'Donnell that advocates of freedom need to work with
advocates of a reduced central government. One protection against future
threats like the CDA is to make the Federal government less subsceptible
to special interest lobbying. And certainly, House Republicans have
emerged this year as the staunchest defenders of civil liberties.
But I disagree with his assertion that "a small group of statist
moralists" supported the CDA. My question is: what major theocratic right
group publicly opposed it? Even PFF senior fellow Arianna Huffington
debated Esther Dyson and John Perry Barlow and defended the CDA. The Christian Coalition certainly supported the act. Enough is Enough! supported the CDA, with its leader Dee Jepsen testifing in favor of
Net-censorship. (Jepsen is on the board of regents of Pat Robertson's
Regents University and has impeccable religious right credentials.)  Bruce
Taylor's group did -- and though Taylor isn't exactly a religious
moralist, he rarely crosses swords with them. The ACLJ -- the religious
right's response to the ACLU -- supported the CDA and even cited Rimm's
study this year as support for its constitutionality. The organizations in
the umbrella group National Coalition Against Pornography supported the
CDA. The Family Research Council and Focus on the Family continue to argue
in favor of the CDA. Longtime Christian Coalition ally Sen. Charles
Grassley introduced a bill worse than the CDA. We all know what Rep. Henry
Hyde did with the final legislation. Now, this is from memory. Perhaps some groups have changed their position
after the June ruling. But I'd be interested in hearing the answer to my
question above.         Freedom to Pray and Sin
 The Internet is driving the ACLU and Christian Coalition Together
        Richard F. O'Donnell
 Prohibition became law because bootleggers, who stood to gain
 economically from outlawing alcohol, quietly supported the
 "religious" crusade against evil liquor. Today, the forces of state
 control who want the government to regulate Cyberspace quietly
 support the moral crusade against pornography on the Internet.
 This modern day "Bootleggers and Baptists" coalition has driven a
 stake through the traditional civil libertarian constituency and
 left the ACLU crowd completely bewildered.
 The Communications Decency Act, passed by Congress earlier this
 year and now being challenged in court, criminalizes the
 transmission and posting of indecent material on line. In the year of
 the Republican Congressional Revolution a Democrat (James Exon of
 Nebraska) was the prime sponsor of the censorship act. Opponents
 were never able to label it purely a move by "Newt Gingrich's
 radical freshmen" because so many Democrats supported it (and
 Gingrich did not). For instance, a recent WIRED magazine article
 entitled "The Rogues Gallery" that profiled "the legislators who
 helped make government censorship a reality on the Internet"
 didn't profile even one Republican.
 Liberal legislators and President Clinton, who normally have few
 problems with the ACLU and abhor the "radical Christian right,"
 went right along with them in attempt to increase state control.
 How is it legislators who voted against efforts to ban flag burning
 on the grounds of free speech suddenly voted to ban dirty pictures?
 Simply put, the Democrats saw in the censorship act a way to
 assert government regulation of the Internet, the first step in letting
 Washington bureaucrats regulate Cyberspace in the "public
 interest."  These liberal paternalists intuitively favor state control
 in the mode of Senator Bob Kerry, who thinks that, because the
 FCC regulates telephone and television transmission, it is a natural
 extension of its powers to regulate the Internet. These are members
 of an elite who believe that government is in a better position than
 parents to determine the programming content of television
 networks or in a better position than the market and to determine
 the standards for emerging technology.
 Defenders of free speech lost their battle over the censorship act
 because, when their traditional Democratic allies abandoned
 them, they were unable to get over their distaste for moralism and
 recognize their new natural allies. The key to victory for civil
 libertarians is understanding that moralists (e.g. "the Christian
 right") are not a unified, monolithic front.
 There is a small group of statist moralists who are seeking
 government power in order to impose their views on the rest of
 America. They may pose a threat to free speech. Yet most
 "Christian activists" are not interested in imposing anything on
 others. Instead, they are actively opposing a government that
 is abridging their rights to freedom of faith. Statist moralists
 advocate not just a silent moment in school but a school led prayer.
 Anti-statist moralists just want schools to stop distributing condoms
 because it undermines the lessons they are trying to teach their
 children about abstinence until marriage.
 The strategic error of civil libertarians in the fight over the
 censorship act was to lump together the statist moralists and the
 anti-statist moralists. The latter are natural allies of the free
 speechers (for the same reason the Christian Coalition and
 Libertarians call the Republican party home). The ACLU
 crowd was unable to create a free speech alliance with Christians
 because they failed to acknowledge that attempts to limit the
 availability of pornography is very American.
 The legacy of the Puritans remains strong in our nation. Throughout
 our history Americans have been ready to demand conformity and
 to impose through law moral standards (recall abolition - for
 which America went to war). Foes of the Internet censorship lost
 their battle by labeling their opponents "unAmerican." Steve
 Guest, a network consultant who is party to a class action suit
 against attempts to shut down on-line adult sites, summed up the
 civil libertarian attitude when he said such actions were
 "violating the basic principles on which this country was founded."
 Calling attempts to regulate pornography "unAmerican" does not
 sway many people - especially Congressmen. Moral crusades
 against sinful material are as quintessentially American as
 individual liberty. Civil libertarians need to acknowledge the
 natural place of moralism in American life. Otherwise, they blind
 themselves from recognizing their true enemy. Freedom isn't
 threatened by moralism - we are free precisely because we are
 moral beings. Freedom is threatened by the advocates of state
 control.
 Civil libertarians need to reach out to anti-statist moralists and
 show them that it is no better to let the government in our computers
 than our churches. The way to fight pornography is on individual
 computer screens, with technology that empowers parents to
 determine what their children see - not what some invisible
 bureaucrat or court decides is appropriate.
 -----------
        Richard F. O'Donnell
 Richard F. O'Donnell is Director of Communications at The
 Progress & Freedom Foundation. He serves as editor of all
 Foundation policy reports, books and articles. In addition, he is
 responsible for media relations and public outreach. His editorials
 have appeared in Investor's Business Daily, The Washington
 Times and Commonsense.
 Mr. O'Donnell is currently assisting former Congressman Vin
 Weber on his book about the new political majority emerging in
 American politics. He has also worked with columnist Arianna
 Huffington, author Marvin Olasky, and numerous policy and
 Congressional leaders in the telecommunications, health care,
 energy, environment and welfare reform fields.
 Mr. O'Donnell is a recognized authority on the nature and political
 ramifications of the transition from the Industrial Age to the
 Digital Age. Writing and speaking on the survivability of the
 American Idea in the 21st Century, he is a columnist for the
 cyberspace magazine Upside Online.
 He was managing producer of a weekly television show, The
 Progress Report , co-hosted by Heather Higgins and House
 Speaker Newt Gingrich, and editor of the American Civilization.
 Mr. O'Donnell has also worked at the National Policy Forum: A
 republican Center of the Exchange of Ideas and at the Archer
 Daniels Midland Company.
 A native of Colorado, Mr. O'Donnell is a graduate of the Colorado
 College, and has studied at Boston College and The London
 School of Economics and Political Science.

@_date: 1996-11-06 15:31:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Net Results: elections and the Internet, from The Netly News 
[I recommend that you visit The Netly News to read the article with the
links -- I wrote it with a web audience in mind. --Declan]
The Netly News
November 6, 1996
Net Results
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Nineteen ninety-six was to have been the Year of the Netizen.
   Bob Dole this spring endorsed strong crypto, making it a likely
   campaign issue. The Communications Decency Act was accelerating
   toward the Supreme Court. Every political candidate sported a web
   page. The First Cat and the Dole Dog were online. Electronic mailing
   lists such as Netizens-l were springing up as symbols of netizens'
   hope to start wielding power over the body politic.
        It didn't happen. Yesterday's election largely preserves the
   status quo: a Clinton White House and a Republican Congress. Matters
   important to netizens never became campaign issues. Sure, Bill
   Clinton may have pledged to wire all schools to the Net, but election
   year rhetoric is cheap and realizing his plan will be expensive.
   Dole's stammering announcement of his web site's address demonstrated
   only his lack of a cyber-clue.
        Yet with the election, the political terrain has shifted subtly.
   Sen. Jim Exon (D-Neb.), architect of the CDA, has retired. The
   leadership of the powerful Senate Commerce, Science, and
   Transportation Committee will change. Attorney General Janet Reno,
   who has attacked the Net repeatedly, may step down or be replaced.
   Even with a slimmer majority, Republicans in the House likely will
   continue to resist hasty "anti-terrorist" measures and remain unlikely
   champions of online liberties. Some civil libertarians hope that
   Clinton will emerge as a statesman who for the first time does not fear
   defeat at the hands of voters.    CYBER-RIGHTS DARLING RICK WHITE WINS REELECTION: Fighting against
   Internet regulation may keep the campaign checks from Bill Gates
   coming, but Washington State voters would rather talk about the
   environment. Still, cyber-rights champion and Newt Gingrich fan Rep.
   Rick White (R-Washington) narrowly won his first re-election bid
   yesterday. It's bad news for the environment and good news for
   netizens. As a sophomore rep, White will be in a better position to
   shepherd pro-cyberspace legislation through the House next year.
   LEADERSHIP OF SENATE COMMERCE COMMITTEE CHANGES: Larry Pressler
   (R-South Dakota) ended an 18-year Senate career yesterday when he lost
   to challenger Tim Johnson, a House Democrat. Now the chairmanship of
   the powerful Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee --
   which handles telecommunications and Internet bills -- is in flux,
   with Arizona's John McCain the likely successor. "McCain is an unknown
   quantity. He voted for the CDA and supported crypto without being out
   in front on it," says Jonah Seiger from the Center for Democracy and
   Technology.
   SENATOR JOHN KERRY, TECHNO-FRIENDLY WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING:
   Although we may not agree with all of Massachusetts incumbent Sen.
   Kerry's positions on Net freedom, he at least recognizes Netizens as
   an important constituency. His vote in favor of the CDA seemed a
   strike against Netizens until he vociferously modified it to say that
   such matters should be handled by parents rather than the law. Kerry
   was the only Senator to answer the Voters Telecommunications Watch
   Pledge, a political platform for the technological public, and now
   that he's been reelected we should remind him of just what that pledge
   means. As a senator representing high-tech firms and sitting on the
   Commerce and Intelligence committees, Kerry is well-positioned to back
   up his email with his votes.
   ONLINE COPYRIGHT BILL LOSES CHAMPIONS: Free speech on the Net may
   get a reprieve in the next Congress, thanks to the retirement of Reps.
   Carlos Moorhead (R-California) and Patricia Schroeder (D-Colorado).
   The duo championed the heinous NII Copyright Protection Act of 1995,
   which would hold Internet providers financially liable for the actions
   of their users and make browsing the Net without a license from
   copyright holders against the law. With librarians, PTA groups, and
   teachers arguing against it, the legislation died in committee this
   summer.
   IN THE WHITE HOUSE AND FCC NEXT YEAR: Brace yourself for more steamy
   Net-rhetoric from Al Gore, who will take a more prominent role as
   administration spokesperson on technology and telecom issues as he
   prepares for a presidential bid in 2000. Inside the White House,
   failed health care czar Ira Magaziner has turned his attention towards
   online commerce. Sensing a possible growth opportunity, the FCC has
   started to take an interest in Internet regulation -- and Clinton now
   will appoint a commissioner to fill a vacancy at the FCC. With
   Naderites like Jamie Love calling for FCC regulation of spam,
   bureaucratic meddling seems near-inevitable.

@_date: 1996-11-08 07:53:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Universal Service for the Net: Why it's a bad idea 
Yesterday I spent one of the most interminably boring afternoons of my
life in a cramped and sweaty eighth-floor conference room at the FCC.
The occasion? A special panel was announcing its recommendations to
the FCC on a new universal service plan, as required by the 1996
Telecommunications Act.
The problem was that the Federal-State Joint Board hadn't reached a
decision by the time the hearing was due to begin at 1 pm. Nor had
they at 2 pm. Or an hour later. In a conference room down the hall,
the eight-person board were sweating even more than we were. They
wanted consensus. Eventually the meeting began, closer to 4 pm.
The board's unanimous recommendation: The creation of a $2.25 billion
universal service fund to subsidize schools' Net-connections. The subsidy
will range from 20 percent to 90 percent and will be tied to how many kids
get tax-subsidized school lunches at each school. The cost will be paid
for by "telecommunications carriers," meaning higher phone bills for
consumers. (Of course, the FCC's Reed Hundt tried to duck this question,
but other panel mambers clarified.) The FCC will vote on this proposal
early next year -- and since Chairman Hundt was on the panel, approval
seems almost certain.
I happen to think this is a bad idea, but saying so publicly almost
inevitably results in charges of elitism, "information have-nots," or
being indifferent to the needs of our children. Opposing the CDA also
left one open to similar charges: soft on porn, high on anarchy, or
indifferent to the needs of our children. (I'm starting to believe
that more evil can be done in the name of "protecting our children"
than with any other excuse.)
But just as there are real arguments against the CDA that don't rely
on overheated "protecting children" rhetoric, so there are real
arguments against this universal service scheme:
* With more government intervention almost inevitably comes more
  control. I can hear it now from family values activists: "My tax
  dollars are going to pay for porn on the Net!"
* Why should a Beverly Hills high school get a discount of 20 percent?
  Can't they afford to pay for ISDN?
* Ironically, the same White House that is pushing this plan to wire
  schools to the Net is also pushing Bruce Lehman's "NII copyright bill"
  that will shut the door on schools' ability to _use_ information on
  the Net. Schizophrenic kowtowing to too many special interests? You
  decide.
* The American Library Association has fought the good fight on free
  expression issues (as in the second CDA suit, ALA v. DoJ) and on the
  copyright bill. Yet in this matter, they're the ones pushing for this
  universal service scheme. Clearly, alliances shift.
* With increased taxation of telecom industries -- taxes that could
  increase constantly at the whim of the FCC -- investors will be wary
  and money will shift elsewhere. If this happens, it will damage the
  ability of firms to improve our nation's telecom infrastructure.
* Does every student have a _right_ to be online -- that should be
  paid for by tax dollars -- or is it a _privilege_ that should be paid
  for by other means?
* This implementation of universal service is based on a knee-jerk
  fear of Internet "haves and have-nots." That's unrealistic. New
  technologies takes time to filter through a society. The joint board's
  position ignores history; flush toilets and cars took decades to spread.
* Why should universal service be a priority, before books and roofs
  for our schools? Dozens of schools in the nation's capital were
  blocked from opening because of, I recall, fire code violations and
  even non-working bathrooms. If the Clinton administration _truly and
  honestly_ wants to help children, the president has to look no
  further than the District's own school system. Don't get me wrong. I agree with the end goal, which is to get kids
online. But I can't stomach the Clinton administration's means to
that end.

@_date: 1996-11-11 12:11:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DC Net-politics reporter needed 
A political publication is looking for an experienced journalist to cover
Net-happenings on Capitol Hill, in the White House, and in Federal
agencies. Let me know if you're interested and I'll forward your contact
info and clips to the right people.

@_date: 1996-11-12 09:33:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
The Netly News
November 11, 1996
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       The cypherpunks mailing list, so legend goes, coalesced around two
   principles: the dissemination of strong encryption and an absolute
   commitment to free speech. It was a kind of crypto-anarchist utopia:
   Here was a place where anonymity was encouraged and PGP-signed
   postings were the norm -- and nobody seemed to be in control.
       That is, until recently, when Dimitri Vulis was given the boot.
   After he refused to stop posting flames, rants and uninspired personal
   attacks, Vulis was summarily removed from the mailing list.
       Now, normally, when someone gets evicted from a mailing list, it
   excites little attention. But here was an ironic -- some would say
   momentous -- event: The list is run, after all, by John Gilmore, the
   EFF cofounder, a cypherpunk god who is famous for having once said
   that the Internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around
   it. And it was none other than Gilmore who gave Vulis the boot. The
   shunning of Vulis was "an act of leadership," Gilmore said.
       Thus began a debate over what the concept of censorship means in a
   forum devoted to opposing it. Did Gilmore have the right to show Vulis
   the virtual door? Or should he have let the ad hominem attacks
   continue, encouraging people to set their filters accordingly? The
   incident raises deeper questions about how a virtual community can
   prevent one person from ruining the forum for all and whether only
   government controls on expression can be called "censorship."
        Vulis, a 31-year old Russian emigre who completed a PhD in
   mathematics last year at the City University of New York, is described
   as sociable, even friendly, by people who have met him. Online,
   though, he's almost notorious. His .sig file, for instance, proudly
   points out that he's a former Kook of the Month; Vulis was also a
   Net-legend and even has the alt.fan.dimitri-vulis newsgroup named
   after him.
       Vulis portrays himself as a victim, but as I posted to the list
   last week, I disagree. Anyone who's spent any time on the
   100-plus-messages-a-day list can read for themselves the kind of nasty
   daily messages that came from Vulis's keyboard. The list is on
   Gilmore's machine and he can do what he wants with it; he can moderate
   the postings, he can censor material, he can shut the whole thing
   down. By kicking off an offending user, a list owner merely exercises
   his property right. There's no government involvement, so the First
   Amendment doesn't apply. And the deleted, disgruntled user is free to
   start his own mailing list with different rules.
       But then the question is whether Gilmore should have exercised
   that right, especially in such an open forum. Again, I think Gilmore's
   actions were justified. Consider inviting someone into your home or
   private club. If your guest is a boor, you might ask him to leave. If
   your guest is an slobbish drunk of a boor, you have a responsibility
   to require him to leave before he ruins the evening of others.
       Eugene Volokh, a law professor at UCLA, runs a number of mailing
   lists and has kicked people off to maintain better editorial control.
   Volokh says that the most valuable publications are those that
   exercise the highest degree of editorial control.
       But what if your private club's express purpose is to cherish free
 "For
   someone who espouses freedom of speech to arbitrarily censor someone
   is indeed hypocritical." Another called it a "big cypherpunkish move"
   that couldn't be condoned "even bearing in mind the inane and
   wearisome behaviour of Dr. Vulis." Still others said that this
   demonstrated that "libertarianism can't work without some measure of
   authoritarianism." (Libertarianism being the primordial flame war
   topic, the debate nearly consumed itself at this point.)
       Vulis told me yesterday: "I'm particularly disappointed by John
   Gilmore's actions. I've known him and communicated with him before.
   His treatment of me was rude and unprofessional and inappropriate." In
   posts to the mailing list, Vulis levels the additional criticism that
   it was "arbitrary and capricious" and that he was not notified that he
   would be forcibly unsubscribed.
       This week Vulis busied himself by saying that now Gilmore can be
   sued for what happens on cypherpunks, arguing that the list owner is
   exercising greater control and so is subject to greater liability. Of
   course, in this country anyone can sue for anything. But it's highly
   unlikely the suit would go anywhere. Solveig Bernstein, a lawyer with
   the Cato Institute, says: "Chances are in a defamation lawsuit he'd be
   treated like a publisher or bookstore owner.. They exercise some
   control over content and enjoy pretty broad immunity from lawsuits."
       For his part, Gilmore calls removing the Russian mathematician "an
   act of leadership." He says: "It said we've all been putting up with
   this guy and it's time to stop. You're not welcome here... It seemed
   to me that a lot of the posts on cypherpunks were missing the mark.
   They seemed to have an idea that their ability to speak through my
   machine was guaranteed by the Constitution."
       What does Vulis's ouster mean to the community that sprang up
   around this mailing list, of which he had been a member for nearly
   three years? Many of his peers think he did it for attention or
   notoriety; one longtime list-denizen declined to be interviewed for
   fear of encouraging him. (If that's his goal, he's already succeeded.
   Will Rodger from Inter at ctive Week and Lewis Koch from Upside Magazine
   are writing about this.)
       Other cypherpunks wonder why Vulis is abrasive online, yet
   mild-mannered in person; Gilmore likened him to "a Jekyll-and-Hyde
   personality."
       The flap comes at a time when other prominent cypherpunks are
   leaving, citing too many flames and too little content. Perry Metzger,
   another longtime member, announced last month he would start his own,
   moderated mailing list. The hard-core programmers have moved on. Yet
   the list membership has never been higher, at 1,949 direct
   subscribers. And the cyber-rights issues the group discusses have
   never been more important.
       Ironically, tools like anonymous remailers that the cypherpunks
   labored to create now make it impossible to get rid of Vulis
   completely. Blocking posts from remailers is unthinkable to the
   cypherpunks. So the embattled Russian ï¿½migrï¿½ continues to read the
   list under a pseudonym and appears to be posting as frequently as
   ever. But perhaps Gilmore succeeded in part. If not more polite,
   Vulis's messages now are at least on-topic.

@_date: 1996-11-13 06:22:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Yes, I understand this. It's quite obvious; being removed from the
subscriber list hasn't slowed Vulis at all. When I was writing the piece
Vulis seemed to have slowed his ad hominem attacks and instead was talking
about censorship (something that is within the charter of the list), but
perhaps the reprieve was only temporary. The point I was trying to make at the end and that I may not have done
very successfully is that it would be very difficult to prevent Vulis from
*posting* to the list under his name; he then could do it through
remailers. And blocking remailers is unacceptable. So how does one kick
someone else out of a forum where anonymous speech is allowed?

@_date: 1996-11-13 10:37:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Catholic University talk; ISP-TV 
I'm speaking at the Catholic University Law School about online
speech/crypto/copyright issues at 6:30 pm today. Anyone in DC is welcome
to stop by; the talk will be in the Columbus School of Law. Also tonight at 8 pm I'll be Brock Meeks' guest on the debut of his ISP-TV
show, "Meeks Unfiltered." We'll be talking about what the U.S. elections
mean to the Net. We plan to argue about universal service as well.

@_date: 1996-11-13 13:13:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
I am amused. I gave Dave Hayes about an 8.5 out of 10 on the scale of
meaningless political rants.
I'll address some of his points.
* "Political safety?" I stand by my record as a writer. Check out
 for some of my
recent articles. Political safety? Hardly.
* Dave says "Notice that the net is compared to a home or private club." Wrong. I never compared the Net to such. However, a mailing list run on a
computer in someone's home with his own cash is very similar to a private
club.  There are private speech restrictions on the Net. Gated communities
exist.  Try to join the "lawprofs" mailing list. You can't; you're not
(and quite obviously anything but) a law professor. Censorship? Not quite. * Contrary to what you seem to be asserting, Gilmore hasn't blocked Vulis
from posting. * Dave warns us to consider "what would happen if one parent company owned
*all* communications media." Then we have problems. I've written about
this in an Internet Underground magazine column. However, this is not the
case now. Or are you arguing the government should get involved and force
Gilmore to allow Vulis on his list?
By the way, if you haven't figured it out yet, Mr. "Freedom Knight of
Usenet,"  a private mailing list is NOT Usenet. Get a clue.

@_date: 1996-11-13 14:02:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
It's not a way of saying I don't understand. Instead, I find your
viewpoint incomprehensible and internally inconsistent.
In fact, you Freedom Knight folks seem to be closet censors yourself. Why
do you support not carrying newsgroups like alt.config?
Yes, ownership gives you a license to censor. I'm going to have a party in
my home a few weeks from now. If I don't like what someone is doing, I'll
kick 'em out. I won't do it lightly, but I will fight for my right to do
Oh, and I plan to subscribe to the freedom-knights mailing list and infest
it the way Vulis did cypherpunks. Every hour, on the hour, a crontab
script will flood it with rants about Dave (fart) Hayes.
What will you do then?

@_date: 1996-11-13 20:47:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: In case it isn't obvious 
In case it isn't obvious, I respect the right of the freedom-knights folks
to do whatever they want on their mailing list. The list is theirs; they
can operate it as they please.
But perhaps I can show them the folly of their definitions of
"censorship." Kicking off someone who engages in personal attacks and
off-topic rants will usually improve, not hurt, the tenor of conversation
on the list. The tragedy of the commons and all.
In my experience, and I've talked about this at some length with Prof. Volokh who runs a number of lists himself, the best and most valuable
discussion lists are those that are unmoderated but have a list owner who
has the power to kick folks off a list and can try to steer the direction
of a conversation if it veers too far from the list's charter.

@_date: 1996-11-14 07:00:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
The mere fact that a privately-owned discussion group becomes popular does
not mean that it becomes a public forum.
Say I start a poetry mailing list to discuss Blake's writings. I have
three people on it. One becomes obnoxious and emailbombs the list since he
disagrees with my interpretation of "A Memorable Fancy." Do I have the
right to kick him off? How is this different from a private poetry reading
in my home?
"Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of
Religion." --WB

@_date: 1996-11-14 07:04:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Freedom Knights" are closet censors 
What is "censoring other people's censorship?" Say I argue in favor of the
CDA. Would you censor me then? Why not? Isn't this censoring others
I wonder why the so-called "Freedom Knights" are so insecure in their
beliefs that they will not tolerate a dissenting voice on their mailing list. (Let's forget for the moment that my point in subscribing was to
disrupt it. That's not the point, is it? "More speech, more speech!")
Founder, Boycott Freedom Knights society, Washington, DC chapter

@_date: 1996-11-14 10:36:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Isn't choosing who to invite to your parties, or to invite on your mailing
list, an act of private censorship? "Freedom" Knights, indeed.

@_date: 1996-11-14 10:49:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Freedom Knights" are closet censors 
And if Vulis shows Gilmore, though his actions, that he is going to
disrupt cypherpunks, Vulis can be prevented from being on the list...even
though he is easily ignored.
The freedom you, Dave, are exercising as owner and perhaps moderator of
freedom-knights, is precisely the same freedom that Gilmore should and
does enjoy.
That's why neither of your actions is, in truth, "censorship."

@_date: 1996-11-14 11:09:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Freedom Knights" are closet censors 
After the fact of the invite doesn't make a difference for the purpose of
our analysis.
I wrote about this (in a column, BTW) because it was an interesting story.

@_date: 1996-11-18 09:05:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HP crypto-announcement and key recovery, from The Netly News 
The Netly News
November 18, 1996
Under Lock And Key Recovery
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        As a non-event, it was a rather well-attended one. This morning
   Hewlett-Packard Co. threw a press conference in Washington, DC to
   announce that it had vaulted the Federal government's export
   restriction hurdles by including "key recovery" technology in its
   encryption products.
        At least that's what the press release said. The reality is
   somewhat less exciting: HP's announcement is crypto-vaporware. "We're
   not making any specific announcements of products today," admitted
   Doug McGowan, HP development director.
        HP's move comes after competitors such as IBM and DEC stole the
   limelight last month by being the first to buy into the Clinton
   administration's latest key escrow scheme which would allow U.S. law
   enforcement agencies to locate copies of the private keys used to
   encode files and communications. The company's announcement follows a
   presidential executive order signed last Friday codifying the
   administration's "key recovery" proposal unveiled in October, which
   the White House hopes will splinter an industry previously united in
   opposition to Federal regulations governing encryption exports.
        HP responded by flying CEO Lew Platt into town today to announce
   a product using plug-in hardware or software "activation tokens" that
   can vary by country -- but Platt admitted that the tokens don't exist
   yet. Rather, he admitted, it's only a product with "a security
   framework built into it" that currently uses woefully-insecure 40-bit
   DES encryption. Eventually, HP hopes to export crypto that's stronger,
   but the company declined to discuss details.
        Dave Banisar, a policy analyst at EPIC, says such a system would
   be "worse" than current policy. "It's got this new detection system in
   it that requires monitoring of your crypto use and program use to
   determine what the national government says is correct," he says.
        The "key recovery" technology HP licensing is likely to come from
   Trusted Information Systems Inc., a company founded by former NSAers
   that still enjoys close ties to the spook community. TIS's Commercial
   Key Escrow uses the 56-bit Data Encryption Standard and so was cleared
   for export on January 18, 1996.
       "This is the first step toward implementing key recovery. That's a
   policy that's just not going to solve the privacy problem for Internet
   users," says Alan Davidson, staff counsel for the Center for Democracy
   and Technology. "This is the first step on that road toward building
   key recovery for the world. It's a very dangerous thing."
        Clinton's executive order is carefully crafted to counter the
   three strategies that crypto privacy proponents have devised to kill
   the export rules: the public relations, the judicial and the
   legislative approaches.
        Netizens, privacy advocates and high-tech firms rightfully
   blasted the old export policy, which classified crypto as a
   "munition," as a relic of the cold war -- a sentiment with which even
   The New York Times agreed. So Clinton has reclassified it as a
   non-munition, yet the change is in name only: Netscape browsers remain
   subject to export controls.
        Several lawsuits are challenging the constitutionality of the old
   export regulations. So Clinton's executive order contains language
   that EFF's John Gilmore says is designed "to evade the current
   lawsuits" by taking aim at some of the legal arguments.
        Administration officials spent an unhappy summer on Capitol Hill
   being grilled by senators who were considering legislation to lift the
   crypto export embargo. So Clinton carefully crafted his announcement
   to defuse some of the reasons to pass this legislation when Congress
   returns in January.
       In other words, the White House has been able to answer or deflect
   many issues that netizens have raised in favor of strong encryption.
   But another argument may not be as easy to counter.
        Patrick Ball is a senior program associate at the American
   Association for the Advancement of Science who has traveled the globe
   teaching human rights workers how to protect themselves from
   oppressive governments. The stamps on his passport read like a who's
   who of censor-happy regimes: El Salvador, Ethiopia, Haiti, Guatemala,
   South Africa and Turkey. "I have done PGP training in every country
   I've worked in," says Ball.
        To Ball, the debate over crypto isn't about civil rights or
   businesses losing export dollars, but over something much more
   fundamental: human rights. He says: "Why do security police grab
   people and torture them? To get their information. If you build an
   information management system that concentrates information from
   dozens of people, you've made that dozens of times more attractive.
   You've focused the repressive regime's attention on the hard disk. And
   hard disks put up no resistance to torture. You need to give the hard
   disk a way to resist. That's cryptography."
        And that's a winning argument.

@_date: 1996-11-24 20:32:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stewart Baker on HP-Intel-Microsoft Crypto Announcement 
I also attended the Hewlett-Packard/Intel/Microsoft announcement, and I thought it might be useful to offer a slightly different perspective
from Ross Stapleton-Gray's and Declan McCullagh's notes.
It's understandable, given the coincidence of the two events, that Ross and Declan saw the announcement as tied to the government's key recovery initiative, but I think they may have been led astray by the timing.  As I understand it, the HP framework is not so much an embrace of government regulation in this field as a recognition by some major companies that governments simply are not going to get out of the business of regulating encryption soon, or at least not soon enough for the people who want to build a secure global network right now.  I see the announcement as an effort by business to sidestep the policy debate, to say to the politicians, "Whatever crypto policy you decide to adopt, this system will work with it."
So, in my view, the HP technology is significant mainly for its flexibility rather than for supporting key recovery or any other particular policy.  It allows PC manufacturers to build into their products virtually any form of encryption that a user could want and to ship those products around the world without falling afoul of export controls or domestic regulations on encryption.
commoditization of security hardware.  One of the reasons why encryption hardware has not spread is that individualized licensing and local restrictions make it imprudent to include hardware security as a standard feature in PCs aimed at mass markets.  The HP system has
safeguards that have evidently persuaded governments that they can allow mass market sales of hardware encryption without giving up their
current regulatory authority.
What does this mean for the government's key escrow policy?  First, as
we heard at the news conference, HP's system will run the TIS commercial key recovery system (and presumably the CertCo./Bankers Trust system as well).  So it will make key recovery products available to buyers.  But it will also run 40-bit encryption, DES, and
other strong algorithms without escrow.  The customer decides what crypto to use; the framework doesn't favor one of those technologies over the other, except that it allows customers to buy strong key-recovery crypto today with the knowledge that the hardware won't become obsolete tomorrow if government policies change and something more attractive comes along.
As a separate point, I'm not sure Declan is right to call this vaporware.  The basic hardware has been available for a while.  (I saw
an early demo a few years ago.)  It sounds as though the R&D is done; all that remains is engineering, and maybe not too much of that.

@_date: 1996-10-02 01:42:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Wiretap and FTC/FCC net-regulation legislation, from HotWired 
The Netizen
"Sure, Walter Scott"
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 30 September
   When Parade, that ever-so-offline Sunday magazine, announces that
   Iranian terrorists use the Internet and unbreakable encryption to plan
   bombings, you know that anti-Net fearmongering has outgrown the
   Beltway and is gunning for Middle America.
   On the page facing an advertisement for a gilded 18-inch porcelain
   cherubim (US$97.96, if you must know), columnist Walter Scott wrote
   yesterday that Iranian terrorists have "stopped using the phone" in
   favor of the Internet. Then he quoted an unnamed "expert on
   international terrorism" who claims that terrorists have outsmarted
   the spooks: "Just when we thought we had outsmarted them, they caught
   on and started using codes on the Internet.... There's so much crazy
   screwball stuff on the Internet that it's practically impossible to
   track down and isolate the terrorists." Scott did not return phone
   calls.
   Small wonder, with fantastic columns like Scott's, that in the waning
   days of the 104th Congress our elected representatives have failed to
   do the right thing by the Net.
   A conspicuous lack of congressional spine made it almost inevitable
   that Capitol Hill would cave in to the demands of the White House and
   the Justice Department over the weekend and agree to yank portions of
   the FBI's national wiretap plan that limited the snooping powers of      the Feds. On Saturday, this Digital Telephony slush fund cleared the
   House as part of an elephantine six-agency spending bill and the
   Senate approved it today.
   Earlier this month both the House and Senate declined to act on bills
   that would lift the encryption export embargo. Supporters of the      measures were outflanked by Nebraska senator Jim Exon's       intra-committee maneuvering and the anti-terrorism rhetoric of Jamie
   Gorelick, the deputy attorney general. Gorelick said last week at a     hearing before the House Judiciary Committee that the DOJ is           "concerned about the proliferation of unbreakable encryption" that    might fall into the hands of "terrorists, organized crime, and foreign
   intelligence agents." (She doesn't like to admit that PGP is already
   available around the world.)
   True, some of the more Net-friendly legislators have tried to help.
   Senator Conrad Burns (R-Montana) emerged as a champion of netizens'
   privacy rights with his encryption bill, Pro-CODE. Representative Rick
   White (R-Washington) introduced a bill that would let ISPs give free
   online time to political candidates - but even though the House passed
   the bill last Thursday, the Senate will not.
   In another kind of congressional schizophrenia, one measure would give
   the Federal Trade Commission authority to regulate the Internet -
   while another bill blocks the Federal Communications Commission from
   even thinking about it.
   White attached an amendment to the FCC Modernization Act - an act that
   completely denies the commission jurisdiction "with respect to content
   or other regulation of the Internet or other interactive computer
   services." The House Republicans passed it over the objections of the
   Dems on 12 September, but it's still stuck in committee.
   White had tried to insert this amendment in the 1996 Telecom Act, but
   it was sliced out. Now he's trying again. "He believes that the
   federal government gets a little overzealous in regulation," says
   Connie Correll, White's press secretary. "We're dealing with a new
   medium that people aren't too familiar with."
   An FCC policy analyst says the commission "doesn't want to regulate
   the Net" but that "White's language would be a mistake." The analyst,
   who wished to remain anonymous, said: "For example, would the FCC be
   barred from creating regulations to protect privacy online, or from
   preempting state laws and regulations that criminalize online           indecency?"    Then late last week, Representative Bob Franks (R-New Jersey) coughed
   up his own Net-regulation bill. It's designed to respond to the outcry
   over the Lexis-Nexis P-TRAK database by halting the spread of Social    Security numbers. Inexplicably, it does that by letting the FTC         "examine and investigate" ISPs and issue "cease and desist" orders       against them if they serve as an SSN-distribution conduit.             I called up Frank DiStefano from Franks' office. "Why hold ISPs
   liable?" I asked him. "In June, the FTC itself decided to hold off
   from Net regulation.. If someone is giving out another person's          personal information, why not let the courts decide if he's violating
   the law?"
   "OK, you've convinced me," said DiStefano. He said the reason the FTC
   provisions were in the bill was "to make a point" and his office       "would work on this over the recess."    No doubt - until Parade calls for the FTC to crack down on             narco-terrorists selling Social Security numbers online.
Some links:
   Linkname: Brock Meeks on FEC reform, Rep. White's bill
        URL:    Linkname: Democrats vote in committee to let FCC regulate Net
        URL:                                 noregulation_1996.vote

@_date: 1996-10-02 11:08:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
I just got back from the White House, where Gore's office held a
roundtable plugging the administration's long-awaited and already
widely-derided Return of Clipper proposal.
Gore announced that jurisdiction over crypto exports would move to the
Commerce Dept; that the export embargo on 56-bit DES would be lifted
in part for two years only; that to be approved for export firms must
submit a detailed proposal describing how they will move towards key
escrow; that the new regulations would go into effect on January 1.
The true problem with this plan is that 56-bit DES is woefully
inadequate.  But much of the media coverage I've read of the plan
doesn't even mention that. Take Elizabeth Corcoran's article, which
ran above the fold on the front page in today's Washington Post. (It's
what almost certainly prompted Gore's office to move the announcement
to today rather than hold it later this week.)
The thrust of the article is that the administration's new proposal
balances the needs of privacy, business, and law enforcement. But it
doesn't. The Feds, foreign governments, and determined attackers can
crack anything encrypted with 56-bit DES -- the strongest crypto that
can be exported under the plan. This vital fact appears nowhere in the
Post article.
That's why Bruce Schneier, author of Applied Cryptography, recommends
against using DES in favor of a more secure algorithm. According to
Schneier: "A brute-force DES-cracking machine [designed by Michael
Wiener] that can find a key in an average of 3.5 hours cost only $1
million in 1993."
More recently, in January 1996 an ad hoc group of renowned
cryptographers including Matt Blaze, Whitfield Diffie, Ronald Rivest
and Schneier, released a report going even further. They said: "To
provide adequate protection against the most serious threats -
well-funded commercial enterprises or government intelligence agencies
- keys used to protect data today should be at least 75 bits long. To
protect information adequately for the next 20 years in the face of
expected advances in computing power, keys in newly-deployed systems
should be at least 90 bits long."
What's even more disturbing is what the administration might do
next. After the roundtable broke up, I chatted with Michael Vadis, one
of the assistant deputy attorneys general who oversees national
security issues. He said an international consensus is forming that
terrorists can use crypto; therefore crypto must be controlled. The
U.S. is certainly pushing this line at the OECD talks.
"But it just takes one country to decide to export strong crypto," I said.
"You're missing something," said Vadis.
"What?" I asked. "Unless you're talking about import restrictions."
"Exactly," he said.
Some background:
   Linkname: Brock Meeks on White House plan -- 6 Sep 96
   Filename: U.S. TO EASE ENCRYPTION RESTRICTIONS
Privacy Advocates Wary of Proposal For Software Exports
   By Elizabeth Corcoran
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   Tuesday, October 1 1996; Page A01
   The Washington Post
   The Clinton administration is cutting off an emotional four-year-old
   debate with the computer industry over the export of
   information-scrambling technology with a plan that it says will help
   U.S. companies boost sales overseas and still allow law enforcement
   agencies to unscramble messages, officials said yesterday.
   President Clinton has decided to sign an executive order that changes
   the rules restricting the overseas sale of the technology, the
   officials said. Although the full details of the plan had yet to be
   revealed, privacy advocates and some industry executives contended
   that it would be difficult to put into practice.
   Under current rules, companies can sell only relatively easy-to-crack
   scrambling technology. Under the plan, they would get permission to
   export somewhat more sophisticated versions of the software and
   hardware, which prevents eavesdroppers from looking at information.
   The issue has caused enormous friction between the government and
   computer industry and privacy groups, which contend that keeping any
   restrictions in place will harm the protection of personal information
   everywhere and slow the development of on-line commerce, which relies
   on keeping credit card numbers and other sensitive information secure.
   The administration counters that it has come a long way in meeting
   such objections. However, last night some companies and privacy
   advocates were still worried that the constraints will leave U.S.
   companies at a disadvantage abroad and will not ensure that
   individuals will be able to protect their communications.
   The government's plan preserves what has been its unnegotiable
   cornerstone since the debate began in the early day of the Clinton
   administration -- that law enforcement officials must have the means
   for peeking at encrypted information when they are properly equipped
   with court authorization.
   Earlier versions of the plan tightly limited what kinds of technology
   could be sold abroad. They also called for makers of encryption
   technology to deposit "keys" with approved third parties so that law
   enforcement authorities could decode material. The new plan doesn't
   specify who would have the keys.
   Last night, several companies, led by International Business Machines
   Corp., said they have a technical plan that they believe could comply
   with the new rules on keys.
   Industry officials say they ultimately want to be able to use the most
   sophisticated encryption technology available. "It's really critical
   to doing business around the world," said an IBM source. "But
   governments exist. It's a balancing act . . . to satisfy the needs of
   the governments and make sure that markets and individuals trust the    integrity of what's being sent over the networks."

@_date: 1996-10-02 22:39:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
Just woke up -- got up early today to head to ACLU Supreme Court
briefing -- but it strikes me that receiving nonescrowed crypto
through the mail might be like receiving kiddie porn.
Import restrictions, of course, will come with mandatory domestic key

@_date: 1996-10-03 13:11:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
[But how does one undo the dangerous criminals without violating the
privacy rights of everyone else? --Declan]
---------- Forwarded message ----------
enforcement does have the right to use key escrow to undo you.  That has
nothing to do with spying.  You need to be a little more selective about
your language, and to make distinctions a little more rationally than you
do. Joe Shea
The American Reporter
joeshea at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 14:11:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
Joe, you submitted three pieces in roughly so many days to
fight-censorship-announce, with is a moderated announcement-only
mailing list that I send one or two pieces to each day. With some rare
exceptions (like feedback I got on my anti-Net-univ-service rant) I
don't pass along comments.
If you want to distribute them to the discussion list, address them to
fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu instead. Perhaps you should join that
list. It gets about 15 messages a day.
But don't blame me for your own cluelessness. RTFM instead of whining.
PS: Freedom of speech includes the right not to speak. If I choose not
to publish your stuff, my right to do so is protected under the First
Amendment. Don't like it? Start your own
Joe-Shea's-wacko-views-on-First-Amendment-jurisprudence mailing list
instead. I'll even help you set it up.

@_date: 1996-10-03 15:20:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
one.  He is quite correct in emphasizing the future vulnerability of the
encryption logarithms rather than centering on whether or not terrorists
might use them.  By making them impossible to crack without the key, and
permitting the key to be available to appropriate law enforcement
authorities when absolutely necessary, everyone's real needs are satisfied, I think.  I enjoyed this report a lot.
Joe Shea
The American Reporter
joeshea at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-10-03 17:15:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
BTW, Joe, I'm still waiting for your response to my comments on why
your endorsement of key escrow (GAK) is braindead. Or do you still
think that the Feds should have the right to spy on my conversations,
just like you thought that "porn isn't speech?"

@_date: 1996-10-03 22:57:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Justice Dept completes second phase of CDA appeal, from HotWired 
HotWired, The Netizen
3 October 1996
CDA and the Supremes
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 2 October
   Racing against a midnight deadline, the Justice Department late
   Monday evening completed the second phase of its appeal to the Supreme
   Court after its initial loss in the Communications Decency Act
   lawsuit.
   The solicitor general only has to argue in the 28-page jurisdictional
   statement that there's a substantial constitutional issue at stake in
   this lawsuit - something transparently obvious to anyone who's been
   following the CDA court battle.
   The next move is up to the attorneys from the American Civil Liberties
   Union and the American Library Association. They plan to file a motion
   asking the High Court to uphold the Philadelphia court's decision
   without scheduling a full hearing.
   Chris Hansen, who heads the ACLU legal team handling the CDA case,
   says that if the Supreme Court grants their motion, it would
   effectively be saying "the lower court was so deeply correct" that the
   justices don't need to learn more about the case. As a legal tactic,
   it means the more censor-happy justices couldn't water down the
   Philadelphia judges' unanimous decision upholding free speech online.
   "Anytime the Supreme Court decides the case with a full briefing,
   there's no guarantee that we'll win - or win in the same terms,"
   Hansen says.
   But because this is a precedent-setting and controversial lawsuit, the
   Supremes almost certainly will want to hear the appeal themselves.
   When the justices place this case on the court's calendar, they'll
   likely give both parties a few months to file the next stage of the
   lawsuit, which will be a strained and torturous collection of
   arguments from the government trying to explain why the lower court
   was wrong. Then oral arguments will be held next spring.
   The solicitor general's jurisdictional statement itself largely
   summarizes the arguments the government has already made. It does
   additionally argue, however, that a cable television indecency case
   the High Court decided after the June CDA decision buttresses the
   government's defense of the law:
    "Because the CDA's definition of indecency is almost identical to the
     decision [the Supreme Court] upheld against a vagueness challenge ...
     that decision reinforces the conclusion that the CDA's restrictions
     are not unconstitutionally vague."
   Not so, says the ACLU's Hansen: "Even if that were true, it wouldn't
   change the result in our case. All three judges in our case thought
   the CDA was flawed in other ways besides vagueness."
   The government also cites the Shea v. Reno lawsuit - a weaker case
   that challenges half of the CDA - that Joe Shea filed in Manhattan
   earlier this year on behalf of his online publication, the American
   Reporter. Shea won only a partial victory on 29 July, which the DOJ is
   now exploiting: "The three-judge court in Shea v. Reno ... held that
   the CDA's definition of indecency is not unconstitutionally vague. The
   district court in this case erred in reaching a contrary conclusion."

@_date: 1996-10-03 23:30:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
Joe, perhaps you didn't get the point. The fight-censorship-announce
list is for announcements (hence the name), not discussions or
back-and-forth-arguments. It's like Dave Farber's IP list -- I very
rarely include responses to what I send out. Discussions take place on
the discussion list. Do get a clue.
But the broader point is a useful one to make. I'll say it again:
freedom of speech includes the right not to speak. Private controls of
private settings are not the same as state controls of public
settings, which violate the First Amendment. (Read some of Eugene
Volokh's articles about private mailing lists and "censorship.") This
is at least the libertarian view, to which I generally subscribe. I
confess I sometimes have doubts about AOL and smut-blocking software.
Put simply: should the National Coalition Against Censorship be forced
to include off-topic rants in their newsletter? Should TIME magazine
be forced to publish rubbish? Should the American Reporter be forced
to include my rants about universal service?
The truth is that the most valuable publications -- Yale Law Review,
Wall Street Journal -- are the most selective and, by your definition,
the most "censorial." Do you see now why your view is wrong?

@_date: 1996-10-04 02:37:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Net-freedom roundup: Algiers, Malaysia, Burma, Hong Kong... 
[Update on situations in Algiers, Malaysia, Burma, Singapore,
European Union, U.K., Hong Kong, China, and Germany. More at
 --Declan]
   SUSPENDED ALGERIAN DAILY OFFERED INTERNET PAGE
   Copyright 1996 Reuter Information Service
   PARIS (Sep 30, 1996 1:24 p.m. EDT) - A press freedom watchdog on
   Monday offered the suspended Algerian daily La Tribune a page on its
   Internet site to give it an airing during the six-month ban.
   "Thanks to this initiative, these journalists, banned from writing by
   the Algerian authorities, will be able to practice their trade again,"
   the Paris-based Reporters without Borders (RsF) said.
   An Algiers court suspended La Tribune for six months on September 3
   over a cartoon mocking the Algerian flag.
   Fifty-seven journalists have been murdered by suspected rebels. RsF
   said authorities had suspended or seized newspapers on 55 occasions
   and 23 journalists had been held for more than 48 hours since the
   conflict broke out over the 1992 cancellation of a general election
   fundamentalists were poised to win.
         UNITED NATIONS, Sept 27 (Reuter) - Malaysia's prime
minister accused the West on Friday of spreading smut and
violence, particularly on the Internet.
         In his speech to the U.N. General Assembly, Mahathir bin
Mohamad said that although the information age facilitated
worldwide knowledge, it also demeaned moral values.
         ``Smut and violence gratuitously distributed by criminals
in the North is no less polluting than carbon dioxide
emissions nor less dangerous than drug trafficking.''
         In a reference to the United States he said if one great
power could apply its laws to citizens of another country for
drug trafficking ``why cannot countries with different moral
codes extradite the traffickers of pornography for legal
         ``Before the whole world sinks deeper into moral decay, the
international community should act. Abuse of the ubiquitous
Internet system must be stopped,'' he said.
         Politically, he said the monopoly of the West's electronic
media should be broken on so-called world news networks.
         ``Not only are distorted pictures of our countries being
broadcast but our own capacity to understand what is happening
is being undermined,'' he said.
         ``It is boring almost. And yet nothing much has been done
which could bring about amelioration of this sad state of
affairs, `` he said.
RANGOON, BURMA, 1996 SEP 27 (NB) -- Burma has made owning, using,
importing or borrowing a modem or fax machine without government
permission a crime, punishable by up to 15 years in jail,
according to a report by United Press International.
Burma's military government has imposed what's called "The
Computer Science Development Law" which empowers the Ministry of
Communications, Posts and Telegraphs to specify what exactly can
be restricted, UPI reports.
UPI quotes the government-run newspaper New Light of Myanmar as
saying the same punishment is prescribed for anyone who sets up a
link with a computer network without the prior permission of the
ministry, or who uses computer network and information technology
"for undermining state security, law and order, national unity,
national economy and national culture, or who obtains or
transmits state secrets."
UPI reports that in July a diplomat, Leo Nichols, died in prison
after he was sentenced to a lengthy term for illegal possession
of fax machines.
        SINGAPORE, Sept. 28 (UPI) -- Internet users in Singapore are
complaining that a new system to police the massive global
communications network is slowing down access to websites rather than
speeding it up as promised by government officials, news reports said
        Earlier this month, special computers called proxy servers began
censoring all requests for websites from Singapore Internet users,
blocking access to those deemed ``objectionable'' by the government.
        The proxy servers, which began regulating cyperspace Sept. 15, delay
access to the Internet because they first have to check a list of banned
websites before retrieving requested homepages, the Straits Times
        ``I've found that it can take twice as long to access the sites I
commonly access,'' said Teo Mei Chin, a 22-year-old undergraduate.
        Users pointed out that slower access translated into longer on-line
time and higher telephone bills.
        Although many Internet subscribers in the tightly-controlled city-
state anticipated such delays under the new system, the Singapore
Broadcasting Authority assured users access to certain websites would
actually be quicker since the proxy servers are able to store frequently
requested homepages.
        But Internet users say the filter computers also are dishing up
outdated homepages.
        Walter Wu, who uses the Internet for up-to-date stock market and
business data, said some financial websites he requested were at least a
day old.
LONDON, ENGLAND, 1996 SEP 27 (NB) -- By Steve Gold. The British
government has added its support to plans to handle the problem of
child pornography on the Internet. The proposals, which have been
drawn up by the Home Office with assistance from Peter Dawe, the
founder of Pipex, the UK's largest Internet service provider (ISP),
are known as Safety Net.
According to Dawe, recent discussions in the industry, culminating in
a letter from the police to the various ISPs in the UK, has meant
there is considerable pressure on the ISP industry to exercise a
degree of self-regulation.
"Public opinion said that something had to be done. I came to the
conclusion that it was going to be impossible to establish industry-
wide consensus on how to tackle this issue," he said, adding that the
idea of Safety Net is gathering support in the UK ISP community.
According to Dawe, Safety Net has the backing of the Internet Service
Provider's Association (ISPA), as well as the London Internet
Exchange, two groups which claim to represent most of the ISPs
currently operating in the UK.
Quite how the ISPs will tackle the problem, such as blocking access to
those Web pages, remains to be seen, but Dawes claims that the ISPs
will have no excuse in law of being unaware of offending Web pages and
Usenet newsgroups.
         BRUSSELS (Reuter) - European Union telecommunications
ministers, reacting to a child-sex scandal in Belgium, pledged
Friday to consider ways to keep illegal material that could harm
children off the Internet.
         Belgian Telecommunications Minister Elio Di Rupo announced
that his government planned to implement new measures requiring
Internet access providers to monitor and report material
featuring sexual abuse or exploitation of children.
         He asked his colleagues to join forces with him.
         ``Today a big legal vacuum exists, for legislation is
falling behind technological evolution,'' he said, according to
a speaking note that was distributed to reporters.
         ``There is a big risk that it will create an enormous market
of children fed on by criminals.''
         The ministers agreed to expand a working party that has
already been set up to look at the question of illegal material
on the Internet and asked it to come up with concrete proposals
before they meet again in November.
         The group will include representatives of the 15 EU telecoms
ministries and of companies that provide access to online
services or prepare the content, a statement adopted by the
ministers said.
         The accord follows an agreement by EU justice ministers in
Dublin Thursday to extend the scope of the EU police agency
Europol so it can fight the sex trade in women and children. The
moves come in the wake of the discovery in Belgium of a
paedophile network and the murders of four young girls.
         But some of the telecoms ministers, including those from
Britain and Sweden, warned that the EU could not wander into
censorship and had to focus on fighting truly illegal material.
CENTRAL, HONG KONG, 1996 SEP 26 (NB) -- By Eric Lai. A Hong Kong
Internet enthusiast is claiming that his Web site, featuring
sexually suggestive photos of himself, was forcibly removed by his
Internet service provider (ISP) two days ago in a seeming act of
premature censorship.
Donald Tu, 32, is a former radio and TV presenter and aspiring
bodybuilder and model. In May, he put up his Web site,
 , which featured photos of himself
topless, often wearing nothing more than wet, slightly transparent
briefs, posing in a studio and outdoors at scenic locations around
Hong Kong.
Tu, who was interviewed on last night's premiere of the Dataphile
On-Air radio show, says his site has received thousands of "hits"
coupled with encouraging e-mail, especially after a local Chinese
language newspaper on September 17 reviewed his Web site.
But a single complaint outweighs those thousands of positive comments,
at least according to his Web host, HKNet. After receiving a single
complaint from a member of the public, HKNet wrote to Tu on Tuesday
that "the government may take action against the site because of its
content and 'exposure,' based on the letter of the law governing
obscene and indecent materials, and recent experiences in its
enforcement. Therefore, we have made the decision to bar access to
the questionable materials for the time being."
But ISPs which censor and regulate content are not currently being
compelled by the government, according to a spokesperson at the
Broadcasting, Culture, and Sport Branch. The Branch has been devising
Internet content regulations all summer which should be announced
         BEIJING, Sept 27 (Reuter) - China's Communist Party chief
Jiang Zemin moved on Friday to tighten the communists' grip on
the state media and to strengthen his position with a blaze of
publicity before a party plenum.
         He used a visit to the Beijing offices of the People's
Daily, the party mouthpiece, to deliver a hardline speech on the
importance of maintaining communist control of all media, the
newspaper reported, splashing the news and three photographs of
Jiang across its front page.
         Diplomats said the speech by Jiang was aimed at bringing
back into line Chinese writers and more daring media
organisations that have tried to push the limits of propaganda
         ``Historical experience has proved repeatedly that whether
guidance of news is right or wrong has to do with the party
growing strong ... the solidarity of the people and the
prosperity of the nation,'' Jiang said.
HotWired                27-29 Sept 96    The Netizen
   by Wendy Grossman
   London, 26 September
   Last Monday, a unified front of British police, government, and
   representatives of leading ISPs announced proposals for cracking down
   on illegal material available on the UK's portion of the Internet. The
   first target is child pornography, but the protagonists have already
   said they've set their sights on other types of illegal material such
   as copyright violations, obscenity, and possibly hate speech.
   Called R3/Safety-Net, the proposals were presented to the media by
   Science and Technology Minister Ian Taylor and representatives from
   the Internet Service Providers' Association (ISPA), the London
   Internet Exchange (LINX), and the Home Office, which is the government
   department charged with law enforcement.
   As it turns out, Demon and the Department of Trade and Industry had
   been talking without publicity for months about taking action against
   obscenity on the Net. But the media raised the pressure, as did          complaints on uk.censorship about a list of 133 newsgroups that
   Superintendent Mike Hoskins of the Clubs and Vice unit of the
   Metropolitan Police had sent ISPs as a guide to the location of
   illegal material. Hoskins and the ISPs all swear no threat was
   intended or taken, but the underlying tone was still: You do something
   about it, or we'll do something about it. R3/Safety-Net is that
   something.
   No one is going to oppose these measures. How can they, when the 1994
   revision of the Criminal Justice Bill allows the police to arrest,
   without warrant, people suspected of obscenity and certain child
   pornography offenses? Child pornography is, of course, illegal to
   create, distribute, or possess in Britain. For the purposes of the
   Obscene Publications Act and the Protection of Children Act, if
   something looks like a child in a sexual act, it is child pornography.
   So it seemed like with Monday's announcement, everybody wins - almost.
   The government gets to look like it's doing something big. The ISPs
   get to stay out of jail. The police get to arrest people. Peter Dawe     gets to be a hero. Britain gets to be a world leader. And we get ...
   well, what do we get? We get the certain knowledge that they will not
   stop here. They have already said so. Books like the Anarchist's         Cookbook are banned here in print, and in a country where last Monday
   police seized a massive haul of IRA explosives intended to rearrange    the landscape, the argument for letting people read    alt.engr.explosives is likely to lead to the withdrawal of reference
   books from the public libraries. Britain has an Official Secrets Act,
   not a Freedom of Information Act.
   Government can proceed only with the consent of the governed, and on     Monday what that unified panel asked for was our trust. They will not
   censor free speech; it's just the small percentage of illegal stuff
   they want cleaned up. So we're left asking before every move, "Daddy,
   is this illegal?" Reply-To: um at c2.net (Ulf Moeller)
Organization: private site, Hamburg (Germany)
The report is essentially correct. In Hamburg, the prosecutors
decided themselves that AOL had done nothing illegal, so as far as I
know there was no court decision.
Also, it appears that said Federal Office is neither responsible
for electronic nor for foreign publications. I think the minister
is trying to spead FUD.
According to Germany's leading tabloid paper "Bild" (Saturday
edition), Federal Minister for Familiy Affairs, Claudia Nolte
(Christian-Democrat), in an unprecedented decision
has formally had several Web pages banned
for being "X"-rated by the "Federal Office for the Evaluation
of Literature Hazardous to Minors".
These are pages featured by Ernst Zuendel, a leading political
revisionist located in Canada whose purportedly "Neo-Nazi"
views have been the subject of much controversy in Germany.
Ms Nolte is quoted as saying: "It is not tolerable that the
Internet should be an island with special privileges, on which
thoughtless or unscrupulous providers may pursue their infamous
activities  with impunity."
This effectively forces Internet providers to restrict minors' access to said pages - a technical impossibility since most
minors accessing the net are be using their parents' accounts.
No "Netwatch" or other self-censorship software will
suffice to conform with this provision, as it is THE PROVIDERS,
not the kids' legal guardians who have to comply with this
Following a recent decision by the State of Hamburg's Supreme
Constitutional Court to the effect that service providers cannot be
held responsible for possibly illegal contents of data transfers
via their networks (here, AOL was accused of disseminating child pornography),  this move must be regarded as a circumvention
tactics to put the thumbscrews on ISPs nevertheless by invoking
Minors Protection legislation instead. (Also note that the Hamburg decision ruled that email message were
protected by privacy laws as any snail mail letter - hence, providers
could not be expected to monitor their contents as this would
violate constitutional rights.)
This implies that German based ISPs (including AOL's and Compuserve's
local services) will actually have to ban ALL GENERAL  access to the
Zuendel pages from their systems unless they are willing to risk
running afault of the law.
[Posted to soc.culture.singapore through an anonymous remailer in\
Germany. No wonder the SBA wants to censor the Net! --Declan]
Mon, 23 Sep 1996 01:32:06    soc.culture.singapore          Thread  228 of  350
Lines 18                      SBA is screwed!!              No responses
mix at squirrel.owl.de                                           Squirrel Remailer
            __                __                __
         __/o \_           __/o \_           __/o \_
         \____  \          \____  \          \____  \
             /   \             /   \             /   \
       __   //\   \      __   //\   \      __   //\   \
    __/o \-//--\   \_/__/o \-//--\   \_/__/o \-//--\   \_/
    \__SBA ___  \  |  \__ISP ___  \  |  \__PAP ___  \  |
   \ |\ |       ||   \ |\ |       ||   \ |\ |
        _||   _||_||      _||   _||_||      _||   _||_||
   #  #  #  #      #  #             #    #  # #    # #        #   #  # #        #    #  # #  #
   #  # #             #              #    #  # #    # #        #   #  # #           # #  # #  #
  #      #  #       #   #  #          #  #

@_date: 1996-10-07 16:37:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. presidential debate: URLs, V-Chip, huge databases 
Tonight's U.S. presidential debate highlighted no embarrassing
missteps by either participant. Like the 1992 debate in Richmond,
Virginia, it spotlighted the issues. It was classy, not memorable.
Except for one sentence that will go down in Net.history -- Bob Dole
ended the 90-minute session with what he framed as an appeal to
younger voters: "If you really want to get involved, tap into my home
page at  Thank you."
Ain't it hip to be a netizen?
I didn't hear any other Net-references or mentions of encryption,
terrorism legislation, or the CDA during the debate, except for
Clinton's continued support of the V-Chip and universal service for
schools. He said, "Let's make education our priority... so that every
12-year old can log onto the Internet," adding later that he wanted to
wire "all of our classrooms to the Internet by the year 2000."
Not one to let an opportunity to preach censorship pass him by,
Clinton added: "I supported the V-Chip so parents can control what
their kids see... along with rating systems for TV programs." What?
Parents can't control their kids, so government must?
(I fear what the CDA Round II may bring next summer after the Supreme
Court rules, especially if the second try has Congressional backing
and support from a Clinton White House. We may see a law demanding
"voluntary" ratings of web sites with RSACi in exchange for immunity
from prosecution.)
Dole called the use of illegal drugs a heinous crime, accusing Clinton
of being a "liberal." Then, responding to a get-tough-on-guns
challenge from his opponent, Dole suggested a database system that
would check your identity and background before allowing you to buy a
gun: "You put your card in there and if it says 'tilt' you get
nothing. No guns. Zippo."
These are hardly the words of someone who gives a rat's ass about
privacy. What's worse, elephantine government databases or V-chip
style censorship? All I know is that neither of 'em has my vote.

@_date: 1996-10-08 17:10:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Global online intellectual property conf at American Univ 
All who are interested are invited to attend a conference . . .
The 1996 Conference of American University's
Global Intellectual Property Project
OWNERSHIP ON-LINE:
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY IMPLICATIONS OF
THE GLOBAL INFORMATION INFRASTRUCTURE
October 16, 1996
1:00-6:00 pm
Husghes formal Lounge
American University
4400 Massachusetts Ave., NW
Washington, DC  20016-8071
Free and Open to the Public
Opening Session:
Michael R. Nelson
Special Assistant for Information Technology
White House Office of Science and Technology
Panel 1:
Where are we and how did we get here?
Panel 2:
Where are we going?
Closing Session:
Declan McCullagh, HotWired
Participants Include:
David Holtzman, IBM's inforMarket
Theodore Henke, Atlantic Mutual Insurance Companies
Adam Eisgrau, American Library Association
Elizabeth Blumenfeld, America On-Line
Chris Meyer, Meyer and Klipper (formerly of the Patent and
        Trademark Office)
Carsten Fink, World Bank
Edward Comor, American University
James Boyle, American University
Peter Jaszi, American University
Edward Malloy, Department of State
Manuel Gameros, Mexican Finance Ministry
Organizing Committee:
Erran Carmel, American University
Carole Ganz-Brown, American University and National Science Foundation
Renee Marlin-Bennett, American University
Conference Sponsors:
American University
Atlantic Mutual Companies
Visit our Website, under construction, but with updated information, at:
or call:  202-885-1843

@_date: 1996-10-09 14:53:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Not content with the CDA, Sen. Exon derails Pro-CODE 
When the White House wanted to derail pro-encryption legislation, they
knew where to turn: to the infamous author of the even more infamous
Communications Decency Act.
Last month Sen. Jim Exon (D-Nebraska) wrote the attached letter to Sen.
Pressler, chair of the commerce committee, days before the ProCODE
pro-crypto bill would have cleared its last hurdle in committee then moved
to the floor of the Senate for a vote. Because of Exon's threatened
"several amendments" that would defang the bill, the markup never
Thanks to Exon, it didn't have a chance.
But don't blame the retiring senator from Nebraska. Not only are your
electrons wasted, he's not the true culprit. It was the White House, in
thrall to the Justice Department: Gore advisor Greg Simon made the calls
to Exon's office that prompted this letter to Pressler.
Background: September 9, 1996
The Honorable Larry Pressler
Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee
243 Russell Senate Office Building
United States Senate
Washington, DC 20510
Dear Senator Pressler:
I understand that the Senate Commerce Committee may have a markup this
week to consider the so-called Pro-CODE computer encryption bill.
As you know, the computer industry has had a series of high-level
discussions with the President, Vice President, and the government's
national security experts. I am hopeful that these discussions will
produce substantial and meaningful reform in the current export regime for
encryption software. Given the national security and law enforcement
implications of the proposed legislation, to rush into a mark-up before
these concerns are resolved would be a mistake.
If the measure is taken up on Thursday, I would expect that there would be
several amendments.
With best wishes,
Jim Exon
United States Senator
cc The Honorable Fritz Hollings

@_date: 1996-10-18 07:12:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FDA Net-regulations -- "Drug Lords" from HotWired 
The Netizen
"Drug Lords"
Global Network
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 17 October
   Forget the Communications Decency Act and the censor-happy
   Clinton administration.
   Instead, it now seems like we have to keep an eye on the pinstriped
   bureaucrats at the US Food and Drug Administration, who are hatching
   their own schemes to regulate the Net.
   I just got back from the agency's two-day conference in the Maryland
   suburbs, entitled "FDA and the Internet: Advertising and Promotion of
   Medical Products." Discussions drifted from troublesome-to-the-Feds
   notions of drug use in America Online chat rooms to emerging
   international Net-regulatory agreements, but all the talk shared a
   kind of benevolent paternalism.
   Consumers can't be trusted to make their own choices. The Federal
   government must protect us from reading what only doctors are allowed
   to see. Netizens can't even be trusted to figure out when they're
   leaving a Web site after they click on a link.
   Drug industry representatives on the panel this morning appeared less
   than overly concerned with regulatory threats to free speech. Jamie
   Marks from Body Health Resources said: "It's very important that drug
   companies police the sites they link to." The panel also discussed how
   to prevent sites that celebrate or even talk about illicit drug use
   from linking to sites operated by pharmaceutical companies.
   Even search engines like AltaVista could be hit by FDA regulations.
   Sara Stein from Stanford University noted, "Search engines have begun
   to sell links ... that's another area of disclosure that's required."
   Translation: the FDA is looking to have a say in how to label medical
   advertisements on Web sites.
   The FDA's also working the international angle. They brought in to the
   conference speakers from France, Britain, Switzerland, Brazil, and the
   Netherlands - all of whom were particularly interested in online drug
   promotion, since US advertising laws are currently so permissive.
   J. Idanpaan-Heikkila, the World Health Organization's director of drug
   management and policies, said that real-world claims promoting
   pharmaceuticals should be "in good taste," adding, "I think this is
   applicable to the Internet."
   Cedric Allenou, the French Embassy's health attache, predicted more
   controls: "In France, as in the United States, there is a lack of
   regulation on the Internet. But these issues will soon be discussed by
   the French government." When asked what his country would do if a US
   server distributes information banned in France, he replied: "If your
   Web site is not in France, you're not under French rule. This is a
   problem with French Internet regulation."
   John Rothchild, an attorney from the Federal Trade Commission - which
   will announce its own Net-regulation plan later this year - said:
   "Based on some hasty research I did last night, I can report it is
   feasible to control access to our Web site based on what country the
   accesser is in.... I don't know the technical details, but according
   to the technical people at the FTC, non-US domain names have a
   two-letter suffix."
   Rothchild apparently didn't realize that many companies outside the
   United States have domain names ending in nothing but .com.
   At the end of the two-day conference, meanwhile, the one question left
   unanswered by attendees was not whether the FDA should regulate the
   Net, but how long it will take them, and how far they'll go.

@_date: 1996-10-18 14:12:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Brock Meeks on NSA domestic codebreaking, from Muckraker 
This is Brock's unedited Muckraker that's up at HotWired today
( Forwarded with permission. --Declan
Crypto Mission Creep
By Brock N. Meeks (brock at well.com)
The Justice Department has, for the first time, publicly acknowledged
using the code-breaking technologies of the National Security Agency, to
help with domestic cases, a situation that strains legal boundaries of
the agency.
Deputy Attorney General Jamie Gorelick admitted in July, during an open
hearing of the Senate's Governmental Affairs permanent subcommittee on
investigations, that the Justice Department:  "Where, for example, we
are having trouble decrypting information in a computer, and the
expertise lies at the NSA, we have asked for technical assistance under
our control."
That revelation should have been a bombshell.  But like an Olympic
diver, the revelation made hardly a ripple.
By law the NSA is allowed to spy on foreign communications without
warrant or congressional oversight.  Indeed, it is one of the most
secretive agencies of the U.S. government, whose existence wasn't even
publicly acknowledged until the mid-1960s.   However, it is forbidden to
get involved in domestic affairs.
During the hearing Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) asked Gorelick if the President
had the "the constitutional authority to override statutes where the
basic security of the country is at stake?"  He then laid out a
scenario:  "Let's say a whole part of the country is, in effect,
freezing to death in the middle of the winter [because a power grid has
been destroyed] and you believe it's domestic source, but you can't
trace it, because the FBI doesn't have the capability.  What do you do?"
Gorelick replied that:  "Well, one thing you could do -- let me say
this, one thing you could do is you could detail resources from the
intelligence community to the law enforcement community.  That is, if
it's under -- if it's -- if you're talking about a technological
capability, we have done that."   And then she mentioned that the NSA
had been called on to help crack some encrypted data.
But no one caught the significance of Gorelick's' statements.  Instead,
the press focused on another proposal she outlined, the creation of what
amounts to a "Manhattan Project" to help thwart the threat of
information warfare.  "What we need, then, is the equivalent of the
'Manhattan Project' for infrastructure protection, a cooperative venture
between the government and private sector to put our best minds together
to come up with workable solutions to one of our most difficult
challenges,'' Gorelick told Congress.  Just a day earlier, President
Clinton had signed an executive order creating a blue-ribbon panel, made
up of several agencies, including the Justice Department, the CIA, the
Pentagon and the NSA and representatives of the private sector.
Though the press missed the news that day; the intelligence agency
shivered.  When I began investigating Gorelick's statement, all I got
were muffled grumbling.   I called an NSA official at home for comments.
"Oh shit," he said, and then silence.   "Can you elaborate a bit on that
statement?" I asked, trying to stifle a chuckle.  "I think my comment
says it all," he said and abruptly hung up the phone.
Plumbing several sources within the FBI drew little more insight.   One
source did acknowledge that the Bureau had used the NSA to crack some
encrypted data "in a handful of instances," but he declined to
Was the Justice Department acting illegally by pulling the NSA into
domestic work?   Gorelick was asked by Sen. Nunn if the FBI had the
legal authority to call on the NSA to do code-breaking work.   "We have
authority right now to ask for assistance where we think that there
might be a threat to the national security," she replied.  But her
answer was "soft."   She continued:  "If we know for certain that there
is a -- that this is a non-national security criminal threat, the
authority is much more questionable."  Questionable, yes, but averted?
If Gorelick's answers seem coy, maybe it's because her public statements
are at odds with one another.   A month or so before her congressional
bombshell, she revealed the plans for the information age"Manhattan
Project" in a speech.   In a story for Upside magazine
, by
old-line investigative reporter Lew Koch, where he broke the story,
Gorelick whines in her speech about law enforcement going through "all
that effort" to obtain warrants to search for evidence only to find a
child pornography had computer files "encrypted with DES" that don't
have a key held in escrow.  "Dead end for us," Gorelick says.  "Is this
really the type of constraint we want? Unfortunately, this is not an
imaginary scenario. The problem is real."
All the while, Gorelick knew, as she would later admit to Congress, that
the FBI had, in fact, called the NSA to help break codes.
An intelligence industry insider said the NSA involvement is legal.
"What makes it legal probably is that when [the NSA] does that work
they're really subject to all the constraints that law enforcement is
subject to."    This source went on to explain that if the FBI used any
evidence obtained from the NSA's code-breaking work to make it's case in
court, the defense attorney could, under oath, ask the NSA to "explain
fully" how it managed to crack the codes.  "If I were advising NSA today
I would say, there is a substantial risk that [a defense attorney] is
going to make [the NSA] describe their methods," he said.  "Which means
it's very difficult for the NSA to do its best stuff in criminal cases
because of that risk."
Some 20 years ago, Sen. Frank Church, then chairman of the Senate
Intelligence Committee, warned of getting the NSA involved in domestic
affairs, after investigating the agency for illegal acts.  He said the
"potential to violate the privacy of Americans is unmatched by any other
intelligence agency."   If the resources of the NSA were ever used
domestically, "no American would have any privacy left . . . There would
be no place to hide," he said.  "We must see to it that this agency and
all agencies that possess this technology operate within the law and
under proper supervision, so that we never cross over that abyss.  That
is an abyss from which there is no return," he said.
And yet, the Clinton Administration has already laid the groundwork for
such "mission creep" to take place, with the forming of this "Manhattan
But if the Justice Department can tap the NSA at will -- a position of
questionable legality that hasn't been fully aired in public debate --
why play such hardball on the key escrow encryption issue?
Simple answer:  Key escrow is an easier route.  As my intelligence
community source pointed out, bringing the NSA into the mix causes
problems when a case goes to court.   Better to have them work in the
background, unseen and without oversight, the Administration feels. With
key escrow in place, there are few legal issues to hurdle.
In the meantime, the Justice Department has started the NSA down the
road to crypto mission creep.  It could be a road of no return.
Meeks out...

@_date: 1996-10-21 07:36:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Post editorial on global Net-censorship (10/21/96) 
While the Washington Post may be in thrall to the national security
establishment on encryption policy, it has done more to highlight the
dangers of Net-censorship than any other newspaper. Check out today's
editorial, attached below.
Also, the In the Loop column in today's Post reports that the poorly-named
"Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom" is hosting a $10,000-a-table banquet
called the "1996 Architect of the New Century Award Gala" on November 11.
This year's architect? "None other than that champion of democracy and
human rights the inimitable Lee Kuan Yew, former prime minister of
Singapore." The same fellow I wrote about in a HotWired column recently:          The unknown user, who has the email address an511172 at anon.penet.fi,
   posted hundreds of messages to the soc.culture.singapore newsgroup
   under the name of "Lee Kwan Yew," the retired prime minister of
   Singapore. The messages are short and unimaginative, yet apparently      are just enough to piss off the thin-skinned Singaporean officials.    One post reads: "We are small and vulnerable. Without regulations, we
   will be like Hong Kong, oops, fuck, bad example, they are actually
   doing quite all right. - SM Lee Kwan Yew, Republic of Singapore."  I just called the Nixon Center and spoke to Tricia Williams, the assistant
to the president. She told me: "You would need to speak to Mr. Sines, the
president. I'm not involved in planning that." More later, if he returns
my phone call.                           CENSORSHIP IN CYBERSPACE
   Monday, October 21 1996; Page A18
   The Washington Post
   WHEN IT COMES to communication and censorship, the issues don't change
   much from one medium to the next. The latest reminder comes with a
   mini-gust of consternation that hit the World Wide Web a few days ago
   when, after prolonged outcry, the proprietor of a Sweden-based web
   site called the Gallery Grotesque closed it down. The site had been
   displaying gruesome images for two years and had attracted alarm most
   recently by posting several grisly photographs of a murder scene.
   Those who attempted to visit the web site after it was closed were    greeted with a message from the owner that included all the classic
   reasons for allowing speech even when it's violent or disturbing. The
   "gallery," the message explained, had been designed to display true
   images of "a debauched, self-indulgent society"; it had gotten several
   million "hits," or visitors, over its life; "myriad external
   pressures" had been brought to bear, and it was now closing "at a time
   of my own choosing" because "the concept has been fully explored."
   Finally, to those "repulsed or angered" by the images, it added,         "Consider this: The insanity still continues; only the messenger has    been quelled."
   Whatever you make of the issues of judgment or perhaps               self-dramatization involved here, the arguments closely resemble the
   familiar ones about information and its responsible use that have been
   going on for centuries. Meanwhile, the Internet experiences of such
   countries as China and Singapore offer a more sobering demonstration
   that the new technology may not change the landscape of freedom of     speech vs. censorship as much as many had hoped. When the Internet     with its global reach first became accessible in countries with          otherwise tight information control, human rights and pro-democracy    activists foresaw a virtual end to isolation for their colleagues in
   closed societies, just as fax machines had buoyed Chinese student
   protesters a decade ago. Some talked of a global "archive of banned
   books" that could be accessed from any point in the world, thus
   rendering book-banning by individual nations pointless.
   Unfortunately, governments interested in maintaining censorship          quickly have found ways to use the technology to their benefit. Though
   decentralized and ungovernable, the Internet is also highly
   transparent: No one can be sure who is watching, and most messages
   leave tracks. The governments of China, Burma and Singapore have been
   cited as making use of this characteristic of the medium, announcing
   heavy penalties on those who access unauthorized sites, and, in Iran
   particularly, constructing elaborate technological fire walls to allow
   their citizens to tap some but not all of the Web's information.
   The fire walls may prove rickety, and, even with the restrictions,
   activists may discover over time that access to e-mail and the Web
   brings more advantage than danger. Even so, the lesson remains:
   Technology may alter the dimensions of the problem of censorship, but
   it doesn't take the problems away.

@_date: 1996-10-24 03:52:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. crypto-czar appointment -- "Crypto Imperalism" in HotWired 
HotWired, The Netizen
Global Network
Crypto Imperialism
by Declan McCullagh, Kenneth Neil Cukier, and Brock N. Meeks
Washington, DC, 23 October
   The US offensive for international controls on strong encryption     will soon become a fusillade. In the next week, the Clinton            administration is set to create the position of a roving ambassador      whose job will be to marshal international support for a controlling     new US crypto policy, the Netizen has learned.
   The crypto-czar will lobby foreign governments to change their laws    to comply with the US regulations announced on 1 October, which       temporarily allow businesses to export slightly stronger              data-scrambling applications if they pledge to develop a "key      recovery" system. In such a system, a still-undefined "trusted third    party" would hold the unscrambling key to any encryption, and could
   be forced to give it over to law enforcement officials with a            warrant. The catch, of course, is that such a system permits            continued government access to encrypted communications.
   But for that plan to work, an international "key recovery" framework
   must be established. "What we need to do very clearly is to spend a
   lot of time with other countries," William Reinsch, the US Department
   of Commerce's undersecretary for export administration, told The
   Netizen.
   Reinsch said the newly annointed crypto ambassador would be             responsible for helping these countries move "in the same direction"
   as the US by "helping facilitate that process and helping to reach any
   agreements that need to be reached between us and them."                 Reinsch said the position would defy the label "crypto-czar," because
   the position isn't "a czar in the policy sense.... We don't envision
   this person as one who would be giving a lot of speeches on the       subject and operating as a kind of public defender of the process."
   Rather, the person would work within "a context which is largely
   private, not public," Reinsch said. The president can confer the rank
   of ambassador on a political appointee for up to six months without
   Senate confirmation, the State Department said. And with ambassadorial
   rank, the czar will be able to speak for the president.                 The administration is currently considering a "short list" of
   candidates "in the low single digits," drawn from current government
   employees and private citizens, Reinsch said. If a current government
   employee is chosen, he or she would be at the ambassadorial level, he
   said, and the crypto duties would simply become an additional
   responsibility.
   If chosen from the private sector, it will be someone with
   "significant stature," Reinsch said. That person would have "a close
   association with the administration and the president and would be
   viewed by the other countries as a senior representative who could
   speak for the president with some confidence," Reinsch said. If a
   private citizen is chosen, they would "do it for free and we'd pick up
   the travel I guess."
   The announcement should come "fairly quickly," he said. "I would hope
   next week we could ice this one."
   This bypasses the ongoing public debate in Congress over lifting
   crypto export controls through legislation - Sen. Conrad Burns
   (R-Montana) has pledged to keep fighting next year - and in the OECD,
   says Marc Rotenberg, the director of the Electronic Privacy
   Information Center. "This is backdooring the backdoor."
   While others - notably Clint Brooks and Mike Nelson - have played the
   role of crypto spokesperson before, this move represents a redoubling
   of the administration's plans to impose its will internationally.
   Yet international observers say the United States may find its plans
   thwarted in the global arena, where many governments - already uneasy
   about America imposing its hegemony on regional politics - will likely
   resist another cryptocrat, even if the person comes with an           ambassador's honorific before his or her name.
   "Europe would consider that unacceptable and arrogant, no question,"
   says Simon Davies, director of Privacy International and a fellow at
   the London School of Economics. "There would certainly be a backlash,
   and it would cause immense suspicion. This whole business has become
   extremely sleazy, and the Americans appear to have taken it all very     personally. I would be very surprised if it was taken seriously here."
   Viktor Mayer-Schvnberger at the University of Vienna Law School, an    expert on international crypto policy, said that "if the US ups the
   ante and brings in a sort of a quasi-diplomatic person to push        European countries further, I think we'll see tremendous           arm-twisting."
   "It may backfire," says Mayer-Schvnberger. "The US put tremendous        pressure on Europe and that is going to increase if the US government
   makes such a bold move as to appoint someone to do nothing but lobby
   for key escrow." Many countries, he said, "have been very apprehensive
   of the US coming in as the 'big guy' and telling the world what is     good and what is bad" regarding encryption.

@_date: 1996-10-24 06:54:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NSA Report: Anyone seen this? 
Just got off the phone with the NSA.
"There are so many places in the NSA that deal with cryptology
we haven't been able to find the document yet. We'll call you
back once we locate it and let you know if it can be released
or not. We've been getting phone calls about the document. Did
you read about it on the Internet?"

@_date: 1996-10-29 07:51:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Japan tightens crypto export restrictions, from The Netly News 
The Netly News
October 29, 1996
The Japan Factor
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       In a move designed to stem the global availability of products
   that use strong encryption technology, Japan last month succumbed to
   U.S. pressure and dramatically tightened its export restrictions, The
   Netly News has learned.
       The restrictions amount to a stranglehold. Officials from Japan's
   Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) characterize the
   shift as a very small change, but the new rules require businesses to
   seek prior government approval for any overseas crypto-order that
   totals more than 50,000 yen, or about $450. The previous limit was 10
   million yen, around $91,000.
       "We made a very small change of the licensing exception of limited
   value," says Jun Takashina, the deputy director of the Security Export
   Control Division at MITI. Takashina denied that the U.S. pressured
   Japan. "It's our decision. We didn't have any pressure from the United
   States."
       Japan says its regulations are designed to codify the "Wassenaar
   Arrangement" on export controls for armaments and advanced technology,
   which was crafted over a two-year period to replace the Cold War-era
   COCOM treaty and was signed in July by over 30 countries. "In the
   Wassenaar Arrangement, we have consensus to cooperate -- not
   coordinate, but cooperate," Takashina said. "In this sense we
   influence each other. We cooperate in our regulations to achieve the
   same purpose." In implementing the agreement, Japan relaxed controls
   on many products -- and, tellingly, only tightened the regulation of
   encryption. However, other countries that signed the agreement have
   not done the same.
       Japan's move follows a hot summer of even hotter debate on Capitol
   Hill, where Justice Department officials claimed that criminals use
   PGP to scramble files and software company executives testified that
   current regs cost U.S. industry millions.
       Boosting the political temperature further was RSA Data Security's
   announcement in June that NTT and RSA's Japanese affiliate were ready
   to ship a triple-DES chip more secure than anything U.S. manufacturers
   are permitted to sell overseas. Privacy advocates quickly heralded it
   as exposing the fatal flaws in the Clinton administration's
   regulations. Phil Zimmermann, inventor of PGP, told me at the time
   that "the Japanese took over the American television manufacturing
   industry" and are poised to take over this one unless Congress
   approves the Pro-CODE bill.
       This widely-publicized announcement almost certainly prompted
   Japan's new crypto-muzzling decision. The company's president, Jim
   Bidzos, says that Tokyo has started to "look a little closer" at its
   encryption policies. "With all the press about NTT chips and whatnot
   in Japan, the U.S. government is going to try to stem the flow." (One
   White House scheme designed to do just that is the
   soon-to-be-announced creation of an ambassador-level position whose
   sole job will be to marshal international support for U.S. crypto
   policy.)
       Stewart Baker, former NSA general counsel, calls Japan's move a
   sign that the country's leaders are awakening to -- and are sensitive
   to -- the U.S. government's position. "This is a signal that they did
   not want to be at the center of the policy debate over export controls
   if they could avoid it," he says.
       "As [the policy] gets covered in the New York Times on the front
   page, the Japanese government focuses more attention.... This is a
   reflection of concern that that kind of story is not good for Japan,"
   says Baker, who recently wrote about Japan's stance on encryption in
   Wired.
       The key question, though, is how strictly will Japan enforce the
   new regulations? The Wassenaar Arrangement is designed to keep arms
   and technology out of the hands of rogue countries, but companies in
   Silicon Valley already are complaining that Japanese shipments of
   data-scrambling hardware are being delayed. And the fine print of the
   new Japanese regs seems to require the end user's name and address --
   which is impossible for U.S. distributors to provide.
       I think Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy
   Information Center and international crypto-watcher, has it right.
   Today he said to me that U.S. crypto isn't our biggest export in this
   area; instead, it's U.S. crypto policy. I agree -- and I say that's
   where we need more government intervention. Any government employee or
   erstwhile crypto-czar who wants to export a dumb crypto policy should
   be required to say why it should be allowed to infect other countries.
   I'm sure Japan won't mind.
   -- By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
      with reporting by K. N. Cukier (100736.3602 at compuserve.com)
Wassenaar Arrangement:
 RSA announces NTT chip:
 U.S. to create crypto-ambassador:
 Stewart Baker on Japan's crypto-politics:
 Marc Rotenberg on OECD crypto-politics:

@_date: 1996-10-29 09:27:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: copyright violations 
I do hope that Karen isn't trying a Scientology gambit. Fair use excerpts
of "their material" are protected, no?

@_date: 1996-09-04 05:17:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Flux in today's HotWired/Packet 
The recently concluded merger of
Security Dynamics Technologies Inc. with
RSA Data Security Inc. may have offered
us one of our last opportunities for
insight into the bizarre and byzantine
business world of commercial
cryptography in America today. And one
of the chief insights we've gleaned from
Security Dynamics' filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission about
the merger is that the company may have
bought not only a lemon, but a lemon
that, when swallowed, could make
Security Dynamics double over with food
poisoning. Why did Security Dynamics pay
nearly US$300 million for RSA, a company
which had less than $1 million in profit
last year on revenue of some $11
million? Furthermore, its encryption
patents will expire in four years, which
means that all RSA really owns is its
relationships with customers such as
Netscape and Hewlett-Packard. Even
worse, those patents are under attack at
the moment through a lawsuit filed
against RSA by Cylink Corporation, an
RSA competitor holding similar patents
that was a one-time partner in a failed
joint venture with RSA. Another lawsuit
pending against RSA, Security Dynamics,
and Cylink was brought by Roger
Schlafly, a cryptographic researcher who
is attempting to invalidate any and all
patents that might attempt to monopolize
public key cryptography.
Indeed, in a worst case scenario, what
Security Dynamics may have purchased is
a huge summary judgment (against itself)
should Cylink actually prevail in its
suits. According to Security Dynamics'
recent S-4 filing with the SEC, "RSA has
been advised that, in a letter to SDI
following the announcement of the
proposed merger, Cylink's general
counsel asserted that Cylink's
compensatory damages, conservatively
estimated, would exceed $75,000,000 but
provided no basis for such estimate."
That's the kind of negative return on
investment from an acquisition that
we've come to expect from America Online
(remember BookLink and WAIS Inc.?)!

@_date: 1996-09-04 13:48:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Save the Howitzers (was Re: The Esther Dyson Flap) 
I think Tim's comments are generally on-point. EFF board members are paying
attention to discussions on the cypherpunks list and the organization would
appear to be moving in a direction that will result in a solid
pro-anonymity policy.
For reference, EPIC's position is:
"Our position is that we strongly support anonymity both for speech and for
transactions. The right to anonymous speech is a constitutionally protected
right (Tally v. California, McIntrye v Ohio) and we believe that it equally
applies in cyberspace. Anonymous transactions are a key way (and perhaps the
only way that really works) to provide privacy on the net."
CDT's current position is:
"CDT believes that anonymous political speech is protected under the first
amendment and would oppose any effort to restrict or curtail it on the

@_date: 1996-09-04 15:44:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Workers of the Web, UNITE! 
Tired: Libertarian cypherpunks
Wired: Crypto-socialists
"Whether they be fast-food workers, word processors, or micro-chip
assemblers, today's non-union wage workers need the IWW's brand of
no-compromise unionism even more than their predecessors."

@_date: 1996-09-04 23:46:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Workers of the Web, UNITE! 
Never! Join us in standing up for collective rights and against corporate In solidarity,

@_date: 1996-09-05 07:46:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet blamed in shoe-cam crimes, assailant free on $750 bail 
Toronto Sun, 04sep96
Sneaky photographer charged ...
by Tom Godfrey
A retired high school shop teacher has been charged after
a man allegedly used a camera hidden in his size 12 shoe
to secretly videotape up the skirts of young women at the CNE.
Det. Mike Beauparlant said a man photographed up to 20 women
with his "shoe cam," which contained about seven hours of footage
when he was arrested at the CNE last Saturday night.
Beauparlant said investigators believe he got the idea from surfing
a voyeur news group on the Internet.
He ordered a $400 fibre optic lens and fastened it in a brogue shoe,
police allege.
The Oxford-style footwear contained a false front and two small screws
on the sole to which a bracket and lens were affixed.
"I've never seen anything like this in my 21 years on the force,"
Beauparlant said.  "This was ingenious."
Beauparlant said the body of the camera was hidden in a waist pouch
and connected to the lens on the shoe with wires that ran under a
man's pants and through his sock.
"He always photographed very attractive women in their 20s with short
skirts," added Det. Const. Mike Dicosola.
He said the man was detected by two couples who noticed him moving his
foot under the skirt of a woman.  They followed the man, held him and
called police.
Police ask women who feel they've been victimized to call 808-5289.
George Walter Campbell, 62, of Cornwall, has been charged with sexual
assault and mischief.  He returns to College Park court on Sept. 10.
He was released on $750 cash bail yesterday.

@_date: 1996-09-05 14:38:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet blamed in shoe-cam crimes, assailant free on $750 bail 
Why is this wrong? Information wants to be free!
More to the point, boys used to put mirrors on their shoes. Now they learn about shoecams on the Net.
Ah, to be young again.

@_date: 1996-09-05 16:26:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: German prosecutors redouble attack on Net, subversive leftists 
[Note  doesn't seem to be blocked. --Declan]
The German Generalbundesanwaltschaft (Chief Federal Prosecutor's
office) has "advised" the Internet providers to block access to
 and  due to
supposedly illegal contents at the URLs  and
The commercial ISPs have blocked the routes to the servers.
Their statement (in German) is at "Radikal" ( is a publication
from the radical left that is illegal in Germany, but not in
the Netherlands.
I heard about this a few days ago, but I was unable to verify it.
Yesterday I bounced mail through a German university to xs4all.nl back to
EFF, and it came through just fine. I also tried golden-gate.owl.de and
wserver.physnet.uni-hamburg.de, both of which have no problems talking to
xs4all.nl. From those tests, I can say there's no complete ban, though I
can't confirm or deny any partial ban.
However, just in case the German government is successful in this
censorship gambit, I've mirrored the three embattled web sites at:   This is a quick grab of the files in question; I'll work on a formatted
intro page later. (As background for more recent subscribers to fight-censorship, this isn't
the first time the German government has tried this. A similar move came
early this year when German prosecutors tried to cut connections to
webcom.com in California, where some of Ernst Zundel's Nazi "Holocaust
Revisionist" propaganda was hosted. I and a few other folks including Rich
at Stanford and Blake at Penn held our noses and mirrored it around the
country, prompting the Gemans to lift the ban. I had thought the German
prosecutors smarter than to try this again. I guess I was wrong.)
My global Net-censorship roundup is at:

@_date: 1996-09-07 01:51:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.K. cyberporn fearstorm, Singapore attacks Julf, from HotWired 
Sgt. Toby Tyler is actually a bit of a cypherpunk. He told me he "absolutely" supports anonymous remailers -- repressive governments in Asia and all that. He just doesn't think that many people will use 'em.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
[Also in today's Netizen on HotWired is a report from India on their Net-regulations and Brock in Muckraker on the White House's new "Key Recovery Initiative" anti-crypto legislation. Check out  --Declan]
HotWired, The Netizen   6-8 Sept 96
   Finnish Line
   by Declan McCullagh
   Washington, DC, 5 September
   Call it a cyberporn fear-storm: Splashed across the front page of
   the 25 August issue of the London Observer was a hysterical report
   naming Finnish pseudonymous remailer operator Julf Helsingius as the
   "man US police-experts charge with being at the hub of 90 percent of
   the child pornography on the Internet."
   The report continued: "'Somewhere between 75 and 90 percent of all the
   child pornography I see is supplied through this remailer,' said Toby
   Tyler of the FBI." That was enough to make Helsingius - already
   reeling under threats from the Singapore government and repeated legal
   attacks from the always-litigious Church of Scientology - pull the
   plug on his anon.penet.fi site last Friday.
   But in trying to milk the story, the Observer went too far. The "FBI
   investigator" the paper cited as their only support for the
   accusations doesn't exist.
   In truth, Tyler is a sergeant in California's San Bernardino sheriff's
   office, and he says the Observer intentionally misrepresented his
   identity and his statements.
   Tyler says "there's very little of the story I agree with," and the
   Observer took a conversation he had with a reporter "and selectively
   chose words that would mean what they wanted."
   Helsingius blames the Observer for scaremongering. "It was quite clear
   that they were trying to create a story where there was none ... I
   quite clearly outlined why my server wasn't transmitting child porn,"
   Helsingius said. "I stated that the Finnish police had investigated
   and found that it wasn't. These comments were ignored. They wanted to
   make a story so they made things up."
   Still, a malicious front-page splash in the Observer isn't the full
   extent of Helsingius's troubles. Now he's also up against the
   Singapore government, which has demanded the identity of one of the
   users in his half-million-person database...
   The unknown user, who has the email address an511172 at anon.penet.fi,
   posted hundreds of messages to the soc.culture.singapore newsgroup
   under the name of "Lee Kwan Yew," the retired prime minister of
   Singapore. The messages are short and unimaginative, yet apparently
   are just enough to piss off the thin-skinned Singaporean officials.
   One post reads: "We are small and vulnerable. Without regulations, we
   will be like Hong Kong, oops, fuck, bad example, they are actually
   doing quite all right. - SM Lee Kwan Yew, Republic of Singapore."
   Now that a Finnish court recently ruled that the remailer's database
   could be breached in a Scientology case, Helsingius says he's not sure
   what might happen. In the meantime, he's stuck somewhere between a
   sensationalist British newspaper and a Singaporean government bent on
   silencing opposition.
Links from the article:
   Linkname: hysterical report in London Observer
   Filename:    Linkname: Singapore banning Web pages
   Filename:    Linkname: hundreds of messages pseudonymously posted
   Filename:

@_date: 1996-09-07 08:37:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Global Alert -- Hysteria in the U.K. threatens Net 
[For more details and background, check out
 and
 for my U.K. cyberporn
fearstorm piece. --Declan]
September 6, 1996
                        *** GLOBAL ACTION ALERT ***
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
-  Please redistribute this document widely
   with this banner intact
-  Redistribute only in appropriate places
   & only until 30 September 1996
Global Alert: Hysteria in the UK Threatens Free Speech on the Net
The Sunday, August 25 issue of the London Observer splashed across its
front page a sensationalized account of child pornography on the Internet,
falsely accusing two Internet Service Providers, Clive Feather of Demon UK
(a full service site) and Johan Helsingius of anon.penet.fi (an anonymous
remailer) of involvement in the distribution of child pornography.  Why
were these accusations made? Demon UK had refused to remove a broad
range of sexually-oriented newsgroups identified by UK authorities as
possible sources of child pornography, and anon.penet.fi was identified
without substantiation as a source for `90% of child pornography on the
In fact, Demon UK was simply acknowledging that Internet Service
Providers (ISPs) cannot police the data that traverses their systems, or
assume responsibility for it, any more than the post office can assume
responsiblity for content that is sent through traditional mail.  And
Helsingius, contrary to allegations in the London Observer, had long before
restricted the size of files that could be transferred through anon.penet.fi,
effectively eliminating the possibility that binary files containing pictures
could be exchanged.
This story was extreme, but not without precedent: much has been written
associating the Internet with those who make and distribute child porn, and
there have been many attempts to hold ISPs responsible for objectionable or
illegal content.
ISPs are not content providers; they channel content provided by their users.
It is outside the scope of the ISP to monitor, evaluate, and attempt to remove
objectionable content. In fact, any attempt by an ISP to block particular
kinds of content will ultimately be fruitless, as providers of that content
will simply find alternate channels of distribution.
Moreover, it is wrong to assume that the Internet has no rules, and is
friendly to the exchange of objectionable materials.  In fact the Internet is a
`virtual community' of users with a distinct culture incorporating  diverse
views but finding consensus in opposition to censorship and access control.
There is also strong opposition to the exploitation of children; in fact, many
Internet users have cooperated in attempts to identify those who create and
distribute child pornography.
Summary: The physical abuse and exploitation of children is a very real
problem demanding a proactive response, however we vigorously oppose
attempts to  stifle the free and open exchange of information over the
Internet in the mistaken belief that overbroad restrictions on the flow of
information will protect children from abuse.  We support Demon UK and
(which Helsingius has shut down), and deplore the Observer's lurid attempt
to make respectable Internet providers the "cause" of a problem for which
they have no responsibility.
The Observer story is not the first of its kind: it represents an ongoing
confusion about a complex new medium.  Unfortunately this
misunderstanding has become a global problem, represented in proposed or
enacted restrictive legislation as well as negative press.
Consider these possible analogies to the Internet:
- The Internet is a vast mail system, like a post office.  Would you favor a
  law that required postal authorities to open each piece of mail and
  evaluate its acceptability?
- The Internet is a huge library system.  Would you favor a law that
  would restrict information a library can provide?
- The Internet is a collection of virtual communities. Would you favor a
  law that required routine searches of your community?
Our position: These measures constrain everyone because of the misdeeds
of a few. It is more sensible to find and deal with the sources of child
pornography than to impede the flow of data over the Internet. The
imposition of censorship and additional constraints applied to ISPs will not
solve the existing problem, but will create a new problem, a barrier to the
free and democratic exchange of ideas.
For background on global privacy and liberty issues:
  For press contacts, and for more information about the Internet, see
homepages for the signatories to this message:
ALCEI - Electronic Frontiers Italy * CITADEL - Electronic Frontier France * pforsans at in-net.inba.fr
CommUnity (UK) * EFF (USA) * EFF-Austin (USA) * Electronic Frontier Canada * Electronic Frontiers Australia * Electronic Frontiers Houston (USA) * Elektronisk Forpost Norge (Electronic Frontier  Norway) *
   Fronteras Electronicas Espan~a (Electronic Frontiers Spain) *
   HotWired *

@_date: 1996-09-07 08:55:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Muckraker column 
Not sure it came through in my cut-and-paste, but the Muckraker column is
of course by Brock Meeks and went up on the site today.

@_date: 1996-09-07 09:22:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DC lock and key, from HotWired 
By Brock Meeks
More DC Lock and Key
                The Clinton administration will unveil new encryption
                legislation, dubbed the Key Recovery Initiative, as early
                as 9 September, Muckraker has learned.
                The bill's title is an exercise in Orwellian redirection
                - nothing more than an attempt to make the threadbare
                "key escrow" encryption concept, which was spawned via
                the infamous Clipper Chip, more vanilla-sounding.
                The Key Recovery Initiative is political hardball,
                calculated to split an industry currently reluctant to
                bow to pressure from the FBI and the National Security
                Agency to voluntarily adopt the key escrow encryption
                scheme. In making its pitch, the White House is "offering
                some sweetheart deals to a number of companies," says an
                industry source familiar with the administration
                proposal.
                Those "sweetheart deals" involve relaxing export controls
                on encryption software only for certain industries -
                finance, insurance, and health care, industry sources
                say. Such a move essentially leaves companies such as
                Netscape isolated. It's a classic divide-and-conquer
                strategy.
                In return for relaxing the export controls, the White
                House will ask companies in the targeted industries to
                provide concrete assurances that they will endorse a
                government-devised system of "key recovery encryption" in
                which the decoding keys to any scrambled data are turned
                over to a "trusted third party." Those third parties, of
                course, must first be verified and approved by the
                government via as yet undefined criteria. The decoding
                keys made available under this plan would be accessible
                to any law enforcement agency that could prove to a judge
                that it needed them to carry out an investigation. If
                that ambiguous level of "proof" can be provided, your
                keys are handed over without debate or recourse on your
                part.
                The administration's legislation will propose a
                "framework" based on "a global key management
                infrastructure," according to a little-publicized
                statement released by the White House on 12 July. A
                spokesperson from the vice president's office confirmed
                that the legislation will be drawn from this outline.
                The bill is an attempt to forge alliances with US trading
                partners so that data can be accessed and decoded across
                international borders.
                The legislation's blueprint includes:
                - Liberalizing export controls for encryption products
                dealing with financial, insurance, and health-care data.
                - A standards-setting procedure for "key recovery systems
                and products" that will be "eligible for general export
                licenses," and standards for products that the government
                will buy.
                - Transfer of export control oversight from the State
                Department, which currently maintains that encryption
                technology is a "munition," to the Commerce Department.

@_date: 1996-09-10 07:52:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CATO terrorism conference -- tomorrow @ 8:30 am, free 
More info on tomorrow's terrorism conference at CATO is at:
 This is especially timely given the report that the Aviation Safety and
Security Commission (chaired by Gore) sent to Clinton with 20
recommendations. One is to enact "automated passenger profiling" of all
domestic travellers, which would include airline access to FBI/CIA
databases. This $10 million project bans anonymous air travel and, needless
to say, raises significant privacy questions.

@_date: 1996-09-11 10:27:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: China joins Singapore, Germany, .... 
I respectfully disagree. I spend most of my time going through sites like
cnn.com, hotwired.com, news.com, altavista.digital.com, yahoo.com,
lycos.com, hotbot.com, eff.org, well.com, mit.edu, whitehouse.gov, and so
on. Search engines and directories, in particular, are good chokepoints to
Blocking 100 sites would certainly be significant to me -- as long as
they're the right ones. Before the technical fixes, that is.

@_date: 1996-09-11 11:18:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-plutocracy: Cypherpunks mentioned on cover of Oct Wired 
Splashed on the cover:
"He was the most powerful banker in the world.
"So why is he talking like a cypherpunk?
"Walter Wriston, on the future of money. The Wired Interview.
"An amazingly frnak Wired Interview with Walter Wriston about money, the
economy, and the state in the Digital Era. By Thomas A. Bass."
Wriston is the former chair and CEO of Citicorp/Citibank. Good interview.
Though he does say equate crypto nonproliferation treaty to "like a
nonproliferation treaty for atomic weapons" where "an international agency"
could hold the keys.
But it's not an important point to him, really. He's more interested in
making money than talking politics.
I call it crypto-plutocracy.
PS: Check out my cyber-rights report card on Clinton v. Dole, page 95.
Co-written with Brock.

@_date: 1996-09-12 08:46:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The definition of child pornography -- no help here 
[Note this was before Knox. --Declan]
                               NEW YORK v. FERBER
                                   No. 81-55
                       SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
          458 U.S. 747; 102 S. Ct. 3348; 1982 U.S. LEXIS 12; 73 L. Ed.
                2d 1113; 50 U.S.L.W. 5077; 8 Media L. Rep. 1809
                           April 27, 1982, Argued
                             July 2, 1982, Decided
PRIOR HISTORY:   [***1]
   CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF NEW YORK.
DISPOSITION: 52 N. Y. 2d 674, 422 N. E. 2d 523, reversed and remanded.
SYLLABUS:  A New York statute prohibits persons from knowingly promoting a
sexual performance by a child under the age of 16 by distributing material which
depicts such a performance.  The statute defines "sexual performance" as any
performance that includes sexual conduct by such a child, and "sexual conduct"
is in turn defined as actual or simulated sexual intercourse, deviate sexual
intercourse, sexual bestiality, masturbation, sado-masochistic abuse, or lewd
exhibition of the genitals.  Respondent bookstore proprietor was convicted under
the statute for selling films depicting young boys masturbating, and the
Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court affirmed.  The New York Court
of Appeals reversed, holding that the statute violated the First Amendment as
being both underinclusive and overbroad.  The court reasoned that in light of
the explicit inclusion of an obscenity standard in a companion statute banning
the knowing dissemination of similarly defined material, the statute in question
could not be construed to include an obscenity standard,   [***2]   and
therefore would prohibit the promotion of materials traditionally entitled to
protection under the First Amendment.
   Held: As applied to respondent and others who distribute similar material,
the statute in question does not violate the First Amendment as applied to the
States through the Fourteenth Amendment.  Pp. 753-774.
   (a) The States are entitled to greater leeway in the regulation of
pornographic depictions of children for the following reasons: (1) the
legislative judgment that the use of children as subjects of pornographic
materials is harmful to the physiological, emotional, and mental health of the
child, easily passes muster under the First Amendment; (2) the standard of
Miller v. California, 413 U.S. 15, for determining what is legally obscene is
not a satisfactory solution to the child pornography problem; (3) the
advertising and selling of child pornography provide an economic motive for and
are thus an integral part of the production of such materials, an activity
illegal throughout the Nation; (4) the value of permitting live performances and
photographic reproductions of children engaged in lewd exhibitions is
exceedingly modest, if  [***3]   not de minimis; and (5) recognizing and
classifying child pornography as a category of material outside the First
Amendment's protection is not incompatible with this Court's decisions dealing
with what speech is unprotected.
               Copyright (c) 1994 Albany Law Journal of Science &
                                   Technology
                   Albany Law Journal of Science & Technology
                                      1994
                          4 Alb. L.J. Sci. & Tech. 311
LENGTH: 10368 words
COMMENTS: WHY THE POSSESSION OF COMPUTER-GENERATED CHILD PORNOGRAPHY CAN BE
CONSTITUTIONALLY PROHIBITED
 David B. Johnson
    I. INTRODUCTION
    The computer revolution is sweeping across the world. Like the Industrial
Revolution of the nineteenth and early twentieth century, the computer has
brought and will continue to bring profound changes to our society. In many
instances, computer technology has advanced faster than the laws governing it.
n1 Some critics fear that computer technology is growing so fast that "society
will be . . . unprepared [to deal with] the moral and legal havoc it will create
and the questions it will pose for human identity and privacy." n2 The computer
revolution already has brought society its fair share of moral and legal havoc.
n3 However, what is to come will tax society's moral and legal systems on an
even greater scale.

@_date: 1996-09-13 05:02:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fear of Flying -- from HotWired 
12 September 96
HotWired, The Netizen
Fear of Flying
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 11 September
   John Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation,
   knows firsthand how drastically airports in the United States are
   altering their policies in response to the nation's perceived
   vulnerability to terrorists.
   When Gilmore opened his laptop for inspection by airport personnel at
   San Francisco International last month - as requested - but refused to
   turn the machine on, the cops were called. When he then refused to
   show identification to airport police, "they put the handcuffs on me
   and hauled me off," he told The Netizen.
   The cops took Gilmore to a back-room office. "They tried to ask me
   questions. I said I wanted to speak to my lawyer. They kept asking me
   questions anyway," he says. Airport police arrested Gilmore even
   though, according to the FAA, "there is currently no prohibition
   against allowing someone on an aircraft" without identification.
   Gilmore's arrest came after President Clinton tightened airport
   security in response to the TWA Flight 800 disaster and the Atlanta
   Olympic Games bombing. Now the anti-terrorism drumbeat in the nation's
   capital is starting again, and it's louder and more ominous than ever.
   It reached a fevered pitch Monday, when Clinton called for an increase
   of more than one billion dollars to be spent on anti-terrorism
   measures, especially airport security.
   Clinton based his request on the unsurprising recommendations of a
   commission created by executive order in August, staffed by spooks and
   headed by Vice President Gore. The group's proposal includes a plan
   allowing the CIA and FBI to "develop a system" to screen passengers
   who fit certain profiles as potential terrorists.
   David Sobel, a lawyer with the Electronic Privacy Information Center,
   called the White House proposal "a realization of Big Brother concerns
   people have about computer technology." The proposal would allow the
   FBI and CIA to couple their databases with those of the airlines.
   "There are going to be massive databases that will track our actions
   and activities. If you think of increased capabilities to collect
   information, it's even scarier," Sobel said.
   A former US senator agrees. At a Cato Institute terrorism conference
   yesterday, Malcolm Wallop said: "In the year and a half since the
   terrorism debate began, all the legislation considered would do little
   or nothing to stop or deter terrorism. These measures do more to crack
   down on Americans than terrorists.
   "A bloody nose does not warrant an exponential expansion of federal
   government authority," argued Wallop, now the chairman of the
   Frontiers of Freedom Institute.
   Over lunch at the conference yesterday afternoon, former CIA director
   James Woolsey responded with some seemingly gratuitous anti-Net
   rhetoric. Terrorists may use biological weapons like anthrax, he said.
   "Anthrax is colorless, odorless, and has a 90 percent lethality. One
   gram has 100 million lethal doses." Then Woolsey delivered the zinger:
   "The knowledge of how to make anthrax is widely available, including
   on the Internet."
   Not content to let bad enough alone, Woolsey added that the government
   can't allow netizens to use data-scrambling software like Pretty Good
   Privacy that the spooks can't break. He said the threat of terrorism
   will "require us to have a key escrow system" where keys "for complex
   algorithms [will] be placed in such a way that the government" will
   have access to them.
   "You can accommodate industry a lot, but the principle is: you got to
   get to the key," Woolsey said. (FBI director Louis Freeh made similar,
   though less straightforward, comments during Senate hearings in July.)
   Before Congress adjourns for the fall recess, the House must decide
   whether to approve a "digital telephony" domestic wiretapping slush
   fund into which the NSA and CIA can pour cash. Senators will then
   likely add provisions for warrantless wiretaps to the anti-terrorism
   bill that the House sent to them in August.
   The fundamental problem here is, of course, the politics of terrorism.
   Legislators routinely grandstand atop national tragedies, using
   victims and their families as backdrops. Justice Department lobbyists
   then swarm onto Capitol Hill and demand reduced civil liberties in the
   name of fighting terrorism.
   Societies can, and should, safeguard against systematic threats.
   Random acts of violence, on the other hand, are trickier to forestall
   - and terrorist acts are anything but predictable.
   Luckily for the EFF's Gilmore, he was cited only for the crime of
   "delaying/obstructing a peace officer" and was released after being
   handcuffed to a bench and then dumped in a holding cell for a few
   hours. He got off easy.
   But if Congress decides to sacrifice freedom for security, the country
   will ultimately enjoy neither.

@_date: 1996-09-17 09:22:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IBM_gak 
Thanks, John, for forwarding. I spoke with the DSN folks today. They
developed NetFortress in the U.S. and have recently found a substantial
overseas market for it. "That's definitely a problem for us. We're actively
lobbying senators to pass procode, to get it out of committee." Since of
course multinationals would be unwilling to use DSN stuff under current
export-control regime.

@_date: 1996-09-18 05:31:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Child pornography -- Expert witness for Federal jury trial 
I just got a call from two Federal Public Defenders whose client is
charged with possession of child pornography stored in the /tmp
directory of a Unix system, in a zip'd file. (These lawyers seem to be
reasonably cyber-savvy, and told me they're following what I've been
writing about cyber-liberties.)
There's evidence saying that other people were using the account at
that time, and the attorneys have the relevant wtmp/utmp files.
There's also no evidence saying an actual child was exploited -- given
the nature of the images, they may have been morphed. I don't think
the defendant is accused of *making* them; he's only accused of
*possessing* them.
The case goes to jury trial soon in a Federal District Court.
If anyone is interested in testifying as an expert witness in this
case about Unix tech foo (and is qualified to do so), please let me
know and I'll pass along your info. I believe at least your expenses
would be paid.
Here's an opportunity to ensure justice is done and not just rant in
cyberspace... :)
(Note I have no idea if the guy is indeed guilty of possessing JPGs
the government has banned. What I do know is that any defendant
deserves a fair trial and the government must prove that he's guilty
of the crimes for which he's charged. And if anyone does molest a
child, I say lock 'em up for a good long time.)

@_date: 1996-09-18 08:20:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Electronic cash, not letter boxes, stupid (darkside) hackers 
HAMBURG, Germany (Reuter) - A German student who used the
Internet for long-distance theft of computer data from a U.S.
company was arrested and charged with extortion for demanding
ransom for the return of the data, police said Monday.
         The student, from the city of Muenster in northern Germany,
sent the ransom letter through electronic mail (e-mail),
demanding that the firm pay $30,000 to a letter box in a Hamburg
post office.
         Police declined to identify the company.
         A police spokesman said the student and two accomplices had
illegally logged into its computers and stolen the data.
         Police said they were waiting at the letter box and detained
a 19-year-old, who later led them to the 26-year-old ringleader.

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:56:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
BAUD: A unit of signaling speed equal to the number of discrete conditions
or signal events per second. In asynchronous transmission, the unit of
signaling speed corresponding to one unit interval per second; that is, if
the duration of the unit interval is 20 milliseconds, the signaling speed
is 50 baud. Baud is the same as "bits per second" only if each signal event
represents exactly one bit. A baud is the reciprocal of the unit interval.
In other words, McNamara says (p148), in common 2400 bps modems, the "baud
rate" is 1200 baud.

@_date: 1996-09-21 13:53:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FCC's Hundt calls for univ service for Net, nixes iphone regs 
To the FCC's Reed Hundt, the Internet community is "governmentally
challenged." But then, the commission's chairman honestly believes
that FCC stands for "Friendly to Computer Communications."
Yeah, right.
That's what he said in a speech this week. The FCC faxed it to me
today after I returned from a Cato Institute conference -- where,
ironically enough, we spent a day talking about private ordering of
the Net. The concept makes a kind of intrinsic sense to me: who needs
government subsidies for Net connections when an account is just
The first half of the fax was mangled, thanks to the FCC's
anything-but-high-tech communications technology, so I shoved it in my
pocket and went for pizza with folks from the conference -- Eugene
Volokh, Charles Platt, Duncan Frissel, Alan Lewine, Solveig Bernstein,
and Brian LaMacchia. We chatted -- surprise! -- about the Feds' future
Net-regulation attempts.
When I got home and unfolded the fax, I found I could read the second
half. It was horrific. While Hundt did say he'd keep the FCC's hands
off of Net-telephony, he called for universal service for the Net.
Universal service is bad, from an economic perspective, for the same
reason that any subsidy scheme is bad: you're taking money out of one
part of the economy and pushing it into another. It's also vulnerable
to DC lobbyists in tasseled cordovan loafers descending on Capitol
Hill calling for more cash.
Hundt's scheme is more damming than it looks at first. In his speech,
Hundt calls for reconsidering how the FCC will "vote next year on a
new universal service funding mechanism."
This slush fund isn't funded from general taxpayer revenues. The 1996
Telecom dereg act directs the FCC to rework the payment mechanism that
feeds the universal service fund that all phone service providers must
pay into. It does things like make urban customers pay more to
subsidize rural telephone service. Companies that are eligible for
subsidies suck cash from the fund -- and of course lobby for more
along the way.
Now Hundt seems to want to wire schools from this fund. (And what
else? He doesn't quite say.) To replace the money from the account,
the FCC has to grab more from phone companies, which means higher
phone bills.
Does this make sense or what?
(PS: Note Hundt's email address is rhundt at fcc.gov.)
********* (Keystroked by declan at well.com)
Reed Hundt speech excerpts:
"My hope is that the power of the Internet will forcedrive our
two-point FCC agenda -- competition in communications and public
benefits from communications. That's why we've resisted all efforts to
bring Internet communication within the out of date regulatory scheme
we have inherited at the FCC.
"The challenge now is for the govenmentally challenged Internet
community to figure out how to talk to the FCC on this subject and
what to say? After all, FCC stands for Friendly to Computer
Communications. After all I'm the first FCC chairman ever to be on the
Net -- so let me know -- rhundt at fcc.gov. What should our policies for
bandwidth growth look like?
"Now I'd like to move on to the second aspect of Hundt's Law, which is
that everyone needs access to the Internet, either at home, at school,
or in a library. Metcalfe's Law only applies when people can access
the network, and if they know how to take advantage of the network
access that is available to them... So even if we are successful in
meeting the bandwidth challenge, we must still ensure that there is
"The investment to network our schools and libraries is so small and
the payoff so large. Look at the math... Can it be that we have a 700
billion-dollar-a-year information technology industry and yet we can't
afford to give every teacher the tools we give every shipping clerk at
Wal Mart? Or that we could afford to network every classroom by the
beginning of the next century, but somehow we just neglected to do it?
At the FCC we will vote next year on a new universal service funding
mechanism... The challenge I'm talking about is to provide bandwidth
and access to all Americans, but especially in kids in classrooms...
[Note that the 'we" paying for the shipping clerk's network is a
private corporation spending its own money. But the second "we" is the
government spending netizens' money. Guess the FCC can't tell the
difference. --Declan]

@_date: 1996-09-26 12:40:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lexis and Privacy - Bill approaches. 
Dear PhneCards,
Please stop using my email address as part of an inappropriate email
bomb. If this continues, I will be forced to persecute your return
email address.
Now we don't want that to happen, do we?

@_date: 1996-09-27 10:20:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CWD -- Wiretap In the Night 
CyberWire Dispatch // September // Copyright (c) 1996 //
Jacking in from the "Smoked Filled Room" Port:
Washington, DC -- Federal provisions funding the digital telephony bill
and roving wiretaps, surgically removed earlier this year from an
anti-terrorism bill, have quietly been wedged into a $600 billion
omnibus spending bill.
The bill creates a Justice Department "telecommunications carrier
compliance fund" to pay for the provisions called for in the digital
telephony bill, formally known as the Communications Assistance in Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA).  In reality, this is a slush fund.
Congress originally budgeted $500 million for CALEA, far short of the
billions actually needed to build in instant wiretap capabilities into
America's telephone, cable, cellular and PCS networks.  This bill now
approves a slush fund of pooled dollars from the budgets of "any
agency" with "law enforcement, national security or intelligence
responsibilities."  That means the FBI, CIA, NSA and DEA, among
others, will now have a vested interest in how the majority of your
communications are tapped.
The spending bill also provides for "multipoint wiretaps."  This is the
tricked up code phase for what amounts to roving wiretaps.  Where the
FBI can only tap one phone at a time in conjunction with an
investigation, it now wants the ability to "follow" a conversation from
phone to phone; meaning that if your neighbor is under investigation and
happens to use your phone for some reason, your phone gets tapped.    It
also means that the FBI can tap public pay phones... think about that
next time you call 1-800-COLLECT.
In addition, all the public and congressional accountability provisions
for how CALEA money was spent, which were in the original House version
(H.R. 3814), got torpedoed in the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Provisions stripped out by the Senate:

@_date: 1996-09-28 02:09:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Columbian guerrillas get kicked off of the Net 
[Perhaps it's time to mirror the Columbian guerrillas' home page?
Volunteers, anyone? (I wonder what the British, had the Internet
existed in 1776, would have done to muzzle the colonial rebels' web
sites -- which would have called for a violent overthrow of the
government. Perhaps the founding fathers' home pages would have been
copied and mirrored in France?) --Declan]
   Colombia censors guerilla home page
   By Reuters        September 26, 1996, 4:15 p.m. PT           A Colombian guerrilla group currently involved in a bloody offensive
   in the mountains and jungles, suffered a setback in its propaganda      battle when its new voice on the Internet was mysteriously silenced.
   The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), which has          periodically paralyzed half the country with road blocks, found its
   route to the information superhighway barred.
   The Communist insurgents, who rose up in arms in 1964, embraced new      technology last year in their fight to overthrow the government by
   launching a home page on the Internet.
   "Using weapons naturally comes within the logic of the armed struggle.
   Just fighting through the Internet would be like shooting rubber         bullets. Not using it would be like continuing to fight the army with
   a 12-bore shotgun," said Marco LeDon CalarcDa, the FARC's Mexico
   City-based international spokesman.
   But in unexplained circumstances, which a spokeswoman for the Mexico     City-based Internet provider Teesnet said may or may not be linked to
   external pressures, the plug was pulled on the service Monday--a day
   after being publicized in Colombia's leading daily, El Tiempo.
   CalarcDa admitted the loss of the Internet page was a serious reversal
   but vowed the computer-age conflict was far from over.
   The Colombian guerrillas used their Web site to publish their
   political magazine Resistencia, whose distribution is banned in
   Colombia, and to offer explanations about their latest armed actions.
   FARC, labeled narcoguerrillas since the 1980s when U.S. ambassador
   Lewis Tambs highlighted the group's alleged connections with
   Colombia's drugs trade, have been dubbed cyberspace guerrillas since
   their appearance on the Internet.
   "Cyberspace guerrillas may seem a fun name but I think it is
   pejorative and belittles what we're doing," said LeDon CalarcDa. "We
   are looking to topple the government and set up a new Colombia.
   In the four weeks since the FARC unleashed its latest offensive with
   an attack on a jungle base in southern Putumayo province, more than
   150 soldiers, police, and civilians have died.

@_date: 1996-10-01 05:22:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bruce Taylor vs. John Perry Barlow, in HotWired's Brain Tennis 
Taylor and Barlow have been battling it out in a HotWired Brain Tennis
match for the last week. Check out some excerpts lobbed across the, um,
neural nets...
   Linkname: Wired Online: Brain Tennis                    URL:    Bruce Taylor, president of the National Law Center for Children and
   Families and a leading advocate of the Communications Decency Act, was
   also formerly a US Department of Justice and city of Cleveland          prosecutor.
   John Perry Barlow is an Electronic Frontiers Foundation co-founder,
   member of The Well's board of directors, author, retired Wyoming     cattle rancher, and lyricist for the Grateful Dead.    Friday, 27 September 1996
   Post No. 5 of 8
   by Bruce Taylor
   I got you now, John Perry. You say "First Amendment!" However, not all
   detrimental speech is protected - treason, false advertising,
   defamation, obscenity, child porn, and incitement to violence.
   Indecent speech that's not obscene is protected among adults, but
   there's no constitutional right to provide it to minors. If you call
   up the rule of law ("This is a Nation of laws, not of men"), you are
   bound by its limits.
   The Supreme Court recognizes limits for indecent mass communications.
   The Court didn't say "less" restrictive (as the ACLU does - no law,
   less law, parent's problem), but asked whether the method chosen by
   Congress is the "least" restrictive means that is still effective in
   achieving its purpose. Big difference.
   State display laws don't say parents keep kids from stores, it says
   stores put porn out of reach. Dial-a-porn laws don't deny phones to      kids or say warnings are enough, but require credit cards or PINs for
   adults to access sex messages. Responsible adults should take good
   faith steps that are effective for all but "the most enterprising and
   disobedient young people." Can adults obtain adult speech while
   shielding it from most kids? That is all the law and Supreme Court
   ask.                  Why ask adult society to help protect our children? Why not just leave
   it up to each parent? Why not rejoice in the public profanities your
   children hear on the subway? Because children have rights to a "decent
   society." Your child may hear cursing on subways, but New York's      display law keeps Hustler centerfolds off walls and news racks. So
   you, too, benefit from what other adults must do in deference to your
   children. The Internet should not remain an "adult" bookstore for kids
   any more than Times Squares' should be open to kids.
   I also got you on philosophy, dear John. Our "'60s humanitarianism"
   was for social commitment, working together, selfless love for all the
   peoples of the world. Remember? Your refusal to hide your precious
   porn from the public Web seems like callous indifference to what kids
   will endure. To me, your position is appositive to true "liberalism."
   You sound like an elitist technohippie who can take care of his own,
   but doesn't care what kids would see, seek, suffer, or be seduced by.
   You're probably richer than I, maybe even smarter, but your protest     has a bit of a whine. The CDA only asks Internet users to shield kids
   so kids can use it, too, and asks industry to give us the means of      doing online what we do everywhere else. Use your brain and heart to
   help find the ways, to pressure the techno-industrial complex, to help
   make the Internet safe for kids. Try it, you'll like it.
   On Friday, Bruce Taylor said "children have rights to a 'decent
   society.'" Today, Barlow replies "You will not be happy until you have
   imposed your moral code on the rest of humanity." Can we expect the    world to share the same concept of "decency"? Discuss in Threads....
   Monday, 30 September 1996
   Post No. 6 of 8
   by John Perry Barlow
   Bruce, remember what I said in my first post about shadowboxing? We're
   there, pal. You and I are not talking about the same "place." You're
   talking about physical, walking-around reality within a quaint conceit
   called the United States of America, and I'm talking the seamless and
   global continuity that is cyberspace.       Now I will confess I misdirected the flow myself by referring to the
   First Amendment. I never should have done that, but I was strangely
   drawn into your reality-distortion field by all that talk about what
   "no one has the right to say." Utterly knee-jerk of me. I apologize.
   But here's the terrible truth of it: These obscenity statutes you
   cite, along with the First Amendment itself, are all local ordinances.
   Even the treaty to which you apparently refer offers spotty coverage
   as it has only six official signatories, as far as I can tell. There
   is not a single government on this Earth that has the right to
   regulate the rest of it. For better or worse.
   There are days when I wish there were. Certainly I would be delighted
   if I thought the protections in the Bill of Rights could be afforded
   to all God's children, just as you would no doubt be delighted if the
   sexual-conduct laws of Saudi Arabia could be applied to all
   "enterprising and disobedient young people," wherever their dirty    minds be housed. But they can't. And unless the United Nations becomes
   a lot more effective, there will never be a world government
   sufficient to convey such rights or restrictions.
   So, should either of us wish to restrict or maintain liberty on the
   Internet, we can't turn to government to assist us. We are stuck with
   governance, which is to say, the order that arises from social
   etiquette, cultural ethics, practicality, and technological           architecture.
   There is, in fact, plenty of comfort both of us can take from these.
   Since I am, as you charge, a technohippie, I'm convinced that as long
   as the Internet remains a packet-switched network, it will be very
   difficult to control the content of the whole.
   On the other hand, as long as there are folks like yourself who wish
   to construct sanitized zones within it, that same technical
   characteristic makes it fairly easy to filter out most of the tainted
   packets and to observe very carefully, as they do at both my
   daughter's high school and in Singapore, who is attempting to get
   what.
   We are looking at opportunities for global liberty and local           authoritarianism, and that should make us both happy. But you and the
   rest of your kind in the US Congress wish to think locally and act
   globally. You will not be happy until you have imposed your moral code
   on the rest of humanity. And I can imagine few aspirations more
   elitist than that, Bruce.

@_date: 1996-10-01 05:31:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Katz on cypherpunks, in HotWired's Media Rant 
[Background: the cypherpunk/pw:cypherpunk account used for HotWired's
Threads discussion section has been used for anonymous flaming and
attacks. --Declan]
   Linkname: The Netizen - Media Rant - Jon Katz
        URL:             The Netizen
30 Sep 96
      In addition, the digital culture has long been demonized by the
            outside world and is inherently defensive and edgy.
     Cypherpunks give us fascinating insights into this subject, since
     their equivalent exists in no other medium, and they epitomize the
    often mindless verbal violence that characterizes some parts of the
   Net. Their original purpose - techno-anarchy and advocating unfettered
   access to information - conflict head-on with the Web's mainstreaming
              and the arrival of the newly wired middle class.
     Cypherpunks don't want real confrontations or discussions, or they
   would reveal their identities and make it possible to respond, as most
    flamers do. They are among media's rarest and at the same time most
                  easily recognized subspecies: nihilists.
   Anonymous communication makes verbal violence easy. Since most flamers
   don't know their targets and won't ever meet them, it's easy enough to
     attack individuals and question personal motives, with none of the
            social consequences of face-to-face verbal assaults.
         And Net communication also offers no filter: because it's
   instantaneous, people often don't take the time to cool off, reflect,
          or take another look at the messages they mail and post.
   When tempers flare here, it doesn't even take the time of a phone call
    to pop off. So, hostile messages are often impulsive and frequently
          regretted, apologized for, or taken back and clarified.
      Since the Net makes communication so easy, it makes corrections,
    criticism, and discussion inevitable. Nobody who writes or posts on
     the Web should expect anything less than sustained and continuous
       challenge and critique, something that is rarely permitted in
    mainstream journalism. Web writers and posters have to see these as
   integral to their work - not simply attacks - and as healthy antidotes
                to conventional media arrogance and elitism.
      Accompanying the hundreds and hundreds of personally assaultive
   messages I've gotten - as opposed to the thousands of simply critical
     ones - there is a strange and recurring phenomenon: If you respond
       quickly and respectfully, the overwhelming majority of hostile
   emailers either apologize, change their tone, or write back in a more
      reflective, serious, or friendly way. Most of these posters are
   stunned that anyone read their mail in the first place, or, even more
                        amazingly, responded to it.

@_date: 1996-10-01 09:16:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FRC's Cathy Cleaver bashes CDA ruling, online "anarchy" 
This is a wonderful article by the Family Research Council's Cathy
Cleaver. Her stategy: Rant about porn, rant about children. But ignore
that the Internet is not radio or television so different standards
should apply. And ignore that another three-judge panel in NYC came to
similar conclusions as the Philly ones did.
Obviously, the largely Bush- and Reagan-appointed Federal judiciary
has been brainwashed by computer geeks. Or perhaps the judges, unlike
Ms. Cleaver, actually logged on once or twice.
CYBERCHAOS: NOT FIRST AMENDMENT'S PROMISE
   by Cathleen A. Cleaver, Esq.
   The Department of Justice has announced that it will appeal to the
   Supreme Court the recent Philadelphia federal court's ruling against
   the Communications Decency Act. That appeal is the right thing to do,
   and here's why.
   Not long ago I debated Bob Guccioni, publisher of Penthouse, on the
   merits of restricting computer pornography and the Philadelphia
   ruling. Not surprisingly, he was elated by the three-judge panel's    decision to strike the indecency provisions, the effect of which was
   to give a computer pornographer more "free speech" rights than any
   other speaker in any other forum. For the first time in the history of
   our country, a porn purveyor may intentionally show sexually explicit
   pictures to a child without legal jeopardy -- provided the purveyor
   uses the Internet. First in line to challenge the CDA was, of course,
   the ACLU and its cyberclones, followed by CompuServe, America Online,
   and others with a huge financial stake in the unenforceability of the
   CDA, like Playboy and Penthouse. Guccioni may finally claim the
   consumer market share which he has heretofore been denied.
   Not only did the Philadelphia panel strike provisions prohibiting
   adults from posting sexually explicit materials in public areas of the
   Internet that children frequent -- like teen chat rooms -- but it also
   struck the prohibition on e-mailing a Penthouse centerfold (or the
   like) directly to a specific child who is known by the sender to be a
   child. In the words of the Department of Justice: "Never before in the
   history of telecommunications media in the United States has so much
   indecent (and obscene) material been so easily accessible by so many
   minors in so many American homes with so few restrictions."
   To say the ruling is flawed is a double understatement. Not only is
   the decision based on legal theories directly contrary to Supreme
   Court precedent and incorrect assumptions about the capabilities of
   Internet technology, but it is less a ruling than a trio of separate
   opinions. Each judge took his turn chiding Congress for daring to
   inhibit the liberty of cyberspace pioneers, however ruthless, in the
   interest of children and the greater cybercommunity. Highlights from
   the lengthy trilogy include conclusions that it is "either
   technologically impossible or economically prohibitive" to comply with
   the CDA, that the term 'indecent' is altogether too vague, and that,
   "just as the strength of the Internet is chaos, so the strength of our
   liberty depends upon the chaos and cacophony of unfettered speech."
   These conclusions defy fact, law, and logic, respectively.
   Given that some on-line pornographers currently screen and restrict
   children from their sites, it cannot be said that compliance is
   impossible. Moreover, new technology is being developed at dizzying
   speed to address a variety of Internet challenges, such as consumer
   transaction security and the protection of property rights of amateur
   musicians who exchange their songs, making it all the more evident
   that it is really lack of will and not ability which makes Internet
   advocates cry "foul." As to expense, this callous court complains
   about the economic burden the CDA would impose on distributors of    pornography, while finding it good and proper for parents alone to     incur the costs, however great, of protecting their children. Outside
   the sacred realm of cyberspace, distributors of pornography routinely
   incur expenses to shield children. To cite just one example, "blinder
   racks" must be purchased and installed at newsstands so that children
   do not see offensive sex magazine covers. This economic burden flows
   directly from the legal responsibility these distributors bear to     shield this material from minors. Software blocking programs, on the
   other hand, are initially expensive for parents, need frequent       updating (at considerable expense), are easily circumvented by           computer-savvy kids, and are simply incapable of screening much of the
   pornography. Surfwatch, the leading software blocker, admitted in the
   CDA hearing to missing up to 800 sexually explicit sites each month!    Moreover, it goes without saying that a software blocking program can
   only work on a family's home computer where it is installed. What
   happens when the kids go next door or, for that matter, to the public
   library? The American Library Association proclaimed in the
   Philadelphia court that, as a matter of solemn principle, it will
   never employ software screening programs in its libraries' computers     -- not even when children use them. This to-hell-with-children           sentiment is reflected by the judges and echoes throughout their     opinions.
   Chief Judge Sloviter's opinion even concludes that for "content        providers . . . to review all of their material" to determine          which of it is sexually explicit is surely "a burden one should not
   have to bear." What? The content provider is in the best position
   to determine whether his material contains patently offensive         depictions of sexual or excretory activities, and that is why our laws
   have always required him to do just that. The allocation of this      burden to the speaker, as opposed to the consumer of the speech, not
   only carries the weight of unanimous legal precedent, but also has the
   benefit of being practical. It is virtually a truism to say that, as
   between speaker and consumer, the speaker is in the better position to
   know the content of his speech. Judge Sloviter would remove a
   reasonable burden from content providers and replace it with the         enormous and nearly impossible burden on parents to first locate, then
   evaluate, and then block pornographic material in an effort to protect
   their children.    Their quarrel with the indecency standard reveals that the judges are
   either ill-informed or ill-intentioned. An indecent communication is
   one "that, in context, depicts or describes, in terms patently    offensive as measured by contemporary community standards, sexual or
   excretory activities or organs." This definition has been consistently
   upheld in every case in which it has been reviewed, including at the    Supreme Court, which, most recently in the cable pornography case of
   Denver Area Educational Telecommunications Consortium, Inc. v. FCC,
   held the standard to be "not impermissibly vague." As if to justify
   their awkward conclusion, the court lists as examples of "threatened"
   speech material which simply could not fall within the definition of
   indecency, such as discussions of recent movies or ancient Indian       statues or articles about human rights violations. To serve their end,
   the judges conveniently, but not subtly, ignore the requirement that    the materials be evaluated "in context." No court has ever construed    this standard to encompass, without any consideration of context, all
   material of literary or artistic value that is somehow related to     sexuality.
   Not to be topped, Judge Dalzell proclaims: "Any content-based            regulation of the Internet, no matter how benign the purpose, could      burn the global village to roast the pig." Really? What about fraud --
   may we not protect consumers in cyberspace? May we not ban child        pornography or enforce copyright violations on-line? Would these
   content-based regulations burn the village, too?    If the First Amendment's promise to this new technology is indeed       chaos and anarchy, then perhaps Judge Dalzell is right. But before we
   too quickly agree with this visionary from the federal bench, we ought
   to ask ourselves how we have survived and thrived as a democracy for     two centuries upon the bedrock of ordered liberty, the enemy of chaos    and anarchy.    The Supreme Court ought to roundly denounce this federal panel's
   decision. To affirm it would be to rob our children of the opportunity
   to participate in this great new communications medium, or worse, to
   sacrifice them to perversions and excesses for the convenience and    pleasure of the worst malefactors on-line -- in effect, to preserve
   the pornographers' new found sanctuary known as cyberspace.           -- 9/9/96
   Cathleen A. Cleaver, Esq. is Director of Legal Studies at the Family     Research Council, a Washington, D.C.-based research and educational
   organization. Miss Cleaver has extensive experience in pornography       litigation and legislation.

@_date: 1997-04-02 16:59:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Junger vs. U.S. crypto-suit 
Thanks to JYA for putting these documents online; I wasn't able to convert
'em myself.
The Netly News Network / Afterword
Junger vs. U.S.
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
April 2, 1997
Peter Junger decided to do it differently when he
filed a lawsuit against the Federal government
seeking to lift export controls on encryption
software. He could have mimicked the other two
crypto-suits and asked the government to let him
ship data-scrambling software overseas -- and sue
when the request was denied.
But Junger never sent that query to the Feds.
"In my case I've never applied for permission.
issues. So it's a cleaner case," says Junger, a
63-year old law professor at Case Western Reserve
Junger hopes to win by stressing that any
regulation requiring government approval of a
publication -- a "prior restraint" -- is
unconstitutional, even when applied to computer
programs. "My position is that I don't have to
apply for a license. It's unconstitutional for
you to require me to apply for a license," he
says. (The U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly
ruled that the First Amendment's "chief purpose"
is "to prevent previous restraints upon
Junger filed his lawsuit last spring. Now the
documents are online at read on for some excerpts...
Excerpted from Statement of issues, points, and
Prof. Junger challenges those provisions of the
ITAR, as written and as would be applied to his
conduct, that require a license or some other
government approval before disclosing
cryptographic software or technical data. The
following are principal standing and First
Amendment issues that plaintiff respectfully
suggests ought to be addressed at oral argument:
Standing Issues
I. Prof. Junger has alleged that he cannot
disclose at least some cryptographic information
(either cryptographic software or technical data)
to foreign persons or place some of the
information on the internet without a license.
Does Prof. Junger have standing to challenge the
regulations? Or must he first apply for a
First Amendment Issues
II. As a threshold matter, is source code and
object code expression or so closely related to
expression that is protected by the First
III. There is no dispute that certain
cryptographic software and technical data is
subject to licensing under ITAR. Do the licensing
requirements amount to a system of
unconstitutional prior restraints?
IV. The government has asserted that export
controls on cryptographic software and technical
data are necessary to protect its ability to
gather foreign intelligence. Do the regulations
control a substantial amount of protected
expression that is unrelated to the government's
stated purpose?
V. Notwithstanding that all statutes and
regulations are imbued with some ambiguity, are
these regulations sufficiently clear to persons
of ordinary intelligence?
Code that actually encrypts deserves First
Amendment protection apart from its own
expressive content. Code that actually encrypts
can be used to keep other communication secret
and confidential. To the extent that source code
and object code have a function, that function is
to protect the secrecy and confidentiality of
other communication. For this reason alone,
cryptographic computer code deserves First
Amendment protection. As a means of protecting
confidentiality and furthering other
communication. cryptographic code is no different
than the newsracks at issue in Lakewood or the
ink and paper at issue in Minneapolis Star &
Tribune Co. v. Comm. of Revenue, 460 U.S. 575 (
Any requirement that a person must first seek a
license or other government approval before
publishing or disclosing protected expression is
a classic prior restraint. Near v. Minnesota, 283
U.S. 697 (1931).

@_date: 1997-04-03 19:38:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IRS raids a cypherpunk 
[I've attached some excerpts from the article. Check
out the URL below for the whole thing. --Declan]
The Netly News Network
April 3, 1997
IRS raids a cypherpunk
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     Jim Bell's first mistake was publishing an
essay describing how disgruntled citizens could
kill off Federal government agents by using
anonymous betting pools and digital cash. His
second mistake was informing the IRS that the
agency had no legal authority to tax him.
     About twenty armed IRS agents and other
Federal police swarmed into Bell's home in
Washington state on Tuesday morning, hunting for
evidence that Bell's "Assassination Politics"
essay had come to fruition. They expropriated
Bell's three computer systems, two guns and even
a solitary mouse cable. The Feds were taking no
chances: Since Bell's voluminous Net postings
mentioned tax collectors, agents from the BATF,
FBI, DEA, and local police forces joined the
     The raid stemmed from a six-month tussle
between Bell and the IRS, which began in November
1996 when the 38-year old computer engineer
demanded a hefty tax refund and threatened to
convene his own "common-law court" if it was
refused. That grabbed the Feds' attention. (So
did the actions of the "Multnomah County Common
Law Court," which apparently met in January to
convict IRS agents and Attorney General Janet
Reno of "theft by deception.") In February, IRS
agents seized Bell's 1986 Honda as payment for
back taxes -- and found inside it a printout of
his "Assassination Politics" essay. "
     And it was, ultimately, a Federal magistrate
who signed the search warrant on 9:02 am on March
28 at the request of the IRS. Jeffrey Gordon, an
inspector in the IRS' Internal Security Division,
details in an 10-page affidavit how he traced
Bell's use of allegedly fraudulent Social
Security Numbers, how he learned that Bell had
been arrested in 1989 for "manufacturing a
controlled substance," how he found out that Bell
possessed the home addresses of a handful of IRS
agents. Gordon's conclusion: Bell planned "to
overthrow the government." The IRS investigator
says in his affidavit that Bell's "essay details
an illegal scheme by Bell which involves plans to
assassinate IRS and other government officals...
I believe that Bell has begun taking steps to
carry out his Assassination Politics plan."
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-04-04 05:13:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell raid 
I've had a couple requests to redistribute or post the info I have on Jim
Bell. I've decided not to. There's a good bit of personal information in
there, including his SSN and information about financial investments, that
I don't feel comfortable posting. I suspect Jim has enough problems
Yes, I know, "information will be free" and all that, but I don't have to
be the cause of its release.

@_date: 1997-04-07 16:50:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Helping Prof. Jim Bell 
Although I don't disagree with Phill in general, I note from the IRS
agent's affidavit that the reason given for searching his house was they
thought he was gonna do the AP thing after all. So AP does appear to have
caused if not all his troubles, at least the ones from last week.
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-04-09 16:58:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New York court hears challenge to state Net-censorship law 
Reply-To: declan at well.com
X-FC-URL: Fight-Censorship is at The Netly News Network
April 8, 1997
The Bad Apple
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     To those of us who follow such events, it's
a common enough scene: a squad of civil liberties
attorneys troops into a federal courtroom to do
righteous battle with an unconstitutional law. It
happened this week in New York City, before a
judge who finished hearing testimony yesterday in
a case the ACLU brought against yet another state
Net-censorship statute.
     The outcome in this lawsuit, however, will
reverberate not just in the Empire State but also
along the marble corridors of the U.S. Capitol.
If the Supreme Court rules that the
Communications Decency Act indeed violates the
First Amendment, Congress hopes the New York case
will guide it in revising the law so it passes
constitutional muster. And given how the New York
case is shaping up for the forces of unbridled
free speech, that could be ugly.
     A group of 15 plaintiffs challenging the New
York statute filed suit in January, arguing that
that the law unconstitutionally stifles online
speech and unduly interferes with interstate
commerce on the Net. The measure, which took
effect last November, amends the penal code by
making it a crime to distribute online pictures
or text "which is harmful to minors." Attorneys
for the New York attorney general's office, who
are defending the law, say that the "harmful to
minors" legal standard isn't as heinous as the
CDA's "indecency" ban -- it covers only sexually
explicit pictures, not textual conversations.
They also argue that filtering software could be
used to help online purveyors of adult-only stuff
comply with the state statute.
     Of course, as always, academics, librarians
and artists point out that these attempts to
limit online communications are overly broad and
ill-defined. What I consider harmful to a kid
might not be what you consider harmful, after
all. Yesterday four witnesses testified for the
plaintiffs, uniformly saying they felt threatened
by the law. "I walk around with a healthy fear
that every book in our collection would give
someone the idea that we're giving harmful
materials to minors," said Maurice Friedman,
executive director of the Westchester Library
System. Rudolf Kinsky, an artist from Poland,
weighed in next: "I feel a chilling effect on my
creativity. Someone could consider my art harmful
to minors and could prosecute me. I came to this
country [from Poland] looking for freedom of
speech, not this."
     But yesterday's testimony seemed like the
capper to an overwhelmingly poor showing the
government made in its opening arguments last
week. The government's case lasted a mere hour
and was hardly persuasive. Among other gaffes,
the state failed to slide a new legal standard --
"level of maturity" -- into the discussion; Judge
Loretta Preska quickly rebuffed that attempt: "I
don't read 'level of maturity' anywhere in the
statute," she said, nettled. That wasn't the only
time Preska pounced on the government. By the end
of the three-day hearing, I was ready to bet good
money on the ACLU winning yet another victory for
the Net.
     But I have a confession to make. In January
I claimed that "knocking down New York's law
should be a virtual slam dunk," saying it suffers
from all of the same problems as the CDA. But
now, after reading a recent law review article by
UCLA law professor Eugene Volokh, I'm not as
sure. Volokh points out that the government could
rely on the ready existence of ratings schemes,
such as RSACi and PICS, which give publishers the
ability to keep their material out of the hands
 "Under the existing
doctrine, it would be constitutional to
criminalize the display of any harmful-to-minors
material which does not carry a correct rating."
     In other words, rate your web pages with
RSACi or go to jail. (I can't see Microsoft, the
Software Publishers Association and other RSACi
boosters probably opposing this. I can smell
another Microsoft world-domination plot brewing
already...) Indeed, Volokh told me yesterday that
he thinks the New York attorney general may have
a workable case. "I think the state has a decent
defense. They could say look, this rating imposes
a burden but not a very high burden. It's like
that imposed on a bookseller. All you're required
to do is put on this label."
     Certainly, Net rating systems played a big
part in the New York trial. Last Friday a
government attorney asked: "In general, what
would be more burdensome as a whole: requiring
millions of web sites to rate their contents or
just requiring a percentage of web sites that
contain graphical objectionable material to rate
their web sites?" What the government was trying
to point out was that rating systems like RSACi

@_date: 1997-04-10 11:00:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato/Brookings conference on "Regulation in the Digital Age" 
Declan, would you please post this to fight-censorship with an invitation to
repost freely.
Cato and Brookings have a really interesting conference lined up for April
17/18 in DC.  I'm particularly looking forward to seeing Bob Corn-Revere
debating former Judge Bork on content controls.  We've decided to waive the
registration fee for students, professors, teachers, policymakers, and those
in the public interest community.  Feel free to join us--email Julie to rsvp
at jbriggs at cato.org or call (202) 789-5296.
REGISTRATION FEE HAS BEEN WAIVED FOR NONPROFITS, EDUCATORS, STUDENTS, AND
 C A T O . B R O O K I N G S @ C A P I T A L_H I L T O N . A P R I L 1 7 / 1
8 / 1 9 9 7     Regulation in the Digital Age
                                   Schedule of Speakers  THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1997
 8:00 - 8:30 a.m. Registration
 8:30 - 8:45 a.m. Welcoming Remarks: Robert Litan, Director, Economic
Studies Program, Brookings Institution,
 and William Niskanen, Cato Institute
 8:45 - 10:15 a.m. Does the Digital Age Require a New Approach to Regulation
(If So, What Is It)?
      Michael Katz, University of California, Berkeley
      Lawrence J. White, New York University
      Peter Pitsch, Pitsch Communications
      Richard E. Wiley, Wiley, Rein & Fielding
 10:15 - 10:30 a.m. Break
 10:30 - 12:00 a.m. Does the Digital Age Require a New Approach to Antitrust?
      Donald I. Baker, Baker & Miller
      Robert E. Hall, Stanford University
      Timothy F. Bresnahan, Stanford University
      Thomas Hazlett, University of California, Davis
 11:30 - 1:00 p.m. Luncheon and Luncheon Address: "Implications of the
Digital Age for Democratic Government:
 A Dialogue," Thomas E. Mann, The Brookings Institution, and William
Niskanen, Cato Institute
 2:00 a.m. - 3:45 p.m. Making Global Commerce Happen  (including Intellectual Property, Encryption, Privacy, UCC Contracts,
Anti-fraud, and Tax Issues)
      Anne Branscomb, Harvard University
      Dorthy E. Denning, Georgetown Computer Science
      David Post, Georgetown University Law School
      Kenneth W. Dam, University of Chicago Law School
      Whitfield Diffie, Sun Microsystems
 3:45 - 4:00 p.m. Break
 4:00 - 5:15 p.m. Professional Licensing
      Joel Hyatt, Hyatt Legal Services
      Robert Waters, Arent Fox
      Jay Sanders, American Telemedicine Association
 5:45 - 6:15 Reception
 6:15 - 8:00 p.m. Dinner and Dinner Address: "Regulation the Telecosm,"
George Gilder, The Discovery Institute
 FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1997
 8:30 - 9:30 a.m. Regulating Content (Culture, Pornography, and Libel)
      Robert Bork, American Enterprise Institute
      Patrick Vittet-Phillip, European Union
                Nadine Strossen, ACLU (invited)
 9:30 - 10:30 a.m. Standards and Interoperability
      Cynthia Beltz, American Enterprise Institute
      Jeff Rohlfs, Strategic Policy Institute
      Daniel L. Brenner, National Cable Television Association
 10:30-10:45 a.m. Break
 10:45 - 11:45 a.m. Ensuring Access
      Robert W. Crandall, The Brookings Institution
      Jonathan Sallett, MCI
      Lawrence Gasman, Cato Institute
      Lawrence Strickling, Ameritech
 11:45 - 1:15 p.m. Luncheon and Luncheon Address: "Birth of the Digital
Nation," Louis Rossetto, Editor &
 Publisher of Wired.
                       News media please email or call Robin Hulsey at (202)
789-5293.                                       THE CAPITAL HILTON
                                      16th & K STREETS, NW
                                        WASHINGTON, DC
                                      Click above for pricing and
                                        registration information
                                    Return to the Cato Home Page
Solveig Bernstein, Esq.
(202) 789-5274
(202) 842-3490 (fax)
Assistant Director of Telecommunications & Technology Studies
Cato Institute
1000 Mass. Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1997-04-10 15:27:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Wassenaar Arrangement and public domain software 
The courier showed up, and I'm now at home changing in preparation for a
soccer game (I'm part of a libertarian soccer team), but thought I'd post
a brief note about the W.A. It says: "The Lists do not control 'software' which is either generally
available to the public... or in the public domain."
So what's the fuss about? Hmm....

@_date: 1997-04-20 00:36:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
So I just walked home from a party in Dupont Circle where some folks were
telling me about a talk David Friedman gave at the Cato Institute about a
week ago. (Apart from being Milt's son, David appears to be a
well-respected libertarian thinker in his own right.) I didn't have the
chance to go myself... Friedman, as I understand it, described how digital cash and anonymous
remailers combine to form assassination markets. An assassin can establish
a persistent anonymous identity through public key cryptography and take
bids on future contracts.
These ideas is of course not new to cypherpunks. We've been talking about
them for years. But these ideas are slowly infiltrating the DC body
politic. Assassination politics, here we come -- right, Jim? Want to give
a speech at Cato? Perhaps we can talk some IRS officials into coming...

@_date: 1997-04-20 14:16:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
For the record: I doubt everyone agrees with your "libertarianism is
intertwined with assassination politics" line... I suggest that one can
believe in minimal government and other libertarian mainstays without
seeing a need to kill off those whom we dislike, be they IRS agents or
surly supermarket clerks.

@_date: 1997-04-20 19:51:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: David Friedman and assassination politics 
I can't believe I'm being sucked into an AP argument with Jim Bell but
here goes...
Bell sees AP as a means to a freer society. But libertarianism is all
about how means (Hillary's health care plan) don't justify the ends
(everyone has health care). AP is not about libertarianism, it is about
And to clear up any possible misunderstanding, I don't think that
D.Friedman mentioned Jim Bell or AP, just some of the underlying concepts

@_date: 1997-04-24 11:18:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Generic announcement 
Here's an article I wrote about this last week. The White House interagency
task force, under OSTP, has met twice already.
The Netly News
April 16, 1997
by Declan McCullagh  (declan at well.com)
        Don Telage, the president of Network Solutions -- the company
   that oversees Internet domain-name registration -- wants the
   government to seize control of your Net address. "The FCC should
   assume interim authority" over domain names, he argues. "These
   functions need to be institutionalized."
        Telage says that unless the FCC steps in, a plan to add new
   top-level domains such as .firm and .nom will bewilder netizens, spark
   disruptive lawsuits and threaten the "fragile stability of the Net."
   He proposes that the federal government nix additional top-level
   domains for now, then pick a contractor to deal with them (perhaps
   Telage's own firm, Network Solutions).
        And so the battle lines were drawn earlier this week between a
   proposal granting the FCC jurisdiction over the Net and the
   International Ad Hoc Committee's (IAHC) plan to create a Swiss
   organization to rule cyberspace -- with the backing of the Internet
   Society, the U.N., the World Intellectual Property Organization and
   the International Telecommunication Union. Important members of the
   high-tech community, including UUNET and MCI, have endorsed the IAHC
   plan, but Network Solutions hopes to muster support for its
   counterproposal from within the Beltway. Both sides agree that the Net
   is choking under the clogged .com domain, but they disagree on how to
   answer these questions: Who gets to sell additional top-level domains,
   what will they be and who controls the process?
        At stake, the contenders claim, is nothing less than the future
   of the Internet. Network Solutions' proposal, unveiled on Monday at a
   Federal Networking Council Advisory Committee meeting, is only the
   latest offensive in the increasingly bitter war over who controls the
   three-letter suffixes that identify organizations. These databases
   have quickly become hot property: Thanks to its government-granted
   monopoly, Network Solutions raked in up to $100 million last year.
   That turned heads. Gold rush fever spread to the would-be profiteers
   at Image Online Design, who last year thought they'd get rich quick by
   claiming exclusive ownership of the ".web" top-level domain. (They
   failed. They're suing.)
        Which amply demonstrates one thing: The informal, cooperative
   gentleman's agreement that served the Net so well during its
   not-for-profit infancy no longer works. This growing realization marks
   the end of the old Internet and the arrival of the new. No longer can
   Jon Postel, a little-known but highly trusted network guru, run the
   Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) and decide what top-level
   domains should exist. Not only is he being battered by lawsuits, what
   happens if he drops dead tomorrow? I don't mean to be morbid here, but
   this is important stuff in high-powered telecom circles: The Federal
   Networking Council's Advisory Committee took time this week to
   seriously contemplate the "Jon Postel getting hit by a beer truck"
   scenario.
        The roots of the current controvery stem from when Network
   Solutions won an exclusive contract from the National Science
   Foundation to maintain the InterNIC database. After the company
   started charging for domain names registration in 1995, netizens
   started to complain. "The community has given us incredibly powerful
   pushback that they don't like the lack of competition," says Perry
   Metzger, a member of IAHC and the president of a New York consulting
   firm.
        The IAHC proposal aimed to fix that problem by allowing other
   private-sector registrars to compete under rules created in Geneva.
   Yet its critics say more guidance is needed from the U.S. government.
   "There needs to be some sort of nominal governmental action or
   responsibility to provide a mechanism for the industry to meet and not
   run afoul of antitrust laws," says Tony Rutkowski, former head of the
   Internet Society and now a leading critic of the organization. In
   other words, it's time for the federal government to expropriate what
   it created.
        Now, if there's a sure-fire way to get federal officials
   twitching to regulate, it's an industry appearing divided and in need
   of help. "What happens when the notion of industry self-regulation
   fails? What does the government do? Do we have to come in and clean up
   afterwards?" one Clinton administration official asked me recently.
   Sure enough, last month a White House interagency committee formed.
   The goal: to decide what the U.S. government should do with domain
   names. "We're collecting information. We're collecting advice," says
   Glenn Schlarmann from the White House Office of Management and Budget.
   "The FCC probably has a role. The Patent and Trademark Office probably
   has a role. The government traditionally has been the guardian of
   public interest." (Of course, other countries may have a different
   idea of "public interest" and may take a very dim view of the U.S.
   seizing control.)
        Even some high-tech firms hardly known for their willingness to
   cozy up to regulators quietly welcome this move as a way to stabilize
   the Net. Right now, it's vulnerable not only to beer trucks hitting
   Jon Postel, but also, more disturbingly, to claims under antitrust
   laws. That's exactly what a lawsuit filed last month in New York is
   arguing. PGP Media's complaint claims that Network Solutions "has
   conspired" to head off "competition in the domain name registration
   market."
        Now, PGP Media may have a reasonable claim under antitrust laws
   -- but if the suit succeeded, it would spell disaster for the Net. PGP
   Media wants to create an unlimited number of top-level domains, but
   the Net can only handle a few hundred. Tony Rutkowski suggests the FCC
   as a way out. The IAHC plan suggests WTO and the ITU.
        My own suggestion is to steer clear of both bureaucrats and
   Eurocrats. Instead, netizens should ask the U.S. Congress to pass a
   law exempting the Internet from dusty, century-old antitrust laws.
   Where's the Congressional Internet Caucus when we need it?

@_date: 1997-04-24 15:46:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto moves forward: Commerce Dept panel and SAFE markup 
X-POP3-Rcpt: declan at relay.pathfinder.com
X-Sender: declan at mail.pathfinder.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: declan at well.com
X-FC-URL: Fight-Censorship is at Encryption is again bubbling to the surface of Washington politics. Today
the Department of Commerce announced that it was creating a new committee
to advise it on crypto-issues. A department official told me it would be
composed of "businesses that export encryption," and interested parties
have 15 working days to file comments. A way for the White House to split
industry opposition and persuade high tech firms to buy into key escrow?
On the Hill, crypto legislation that would lift export controls is about to
advance farther than ever before. (Last fall, Sen. Exon killed any chance
that pro-crypto legislation had in the 104th Congress.) Rep. Bob
Goodlatte's crypto bill (SAFE) will move to subcommittee markup next
Tuesday at 2 pm in Rayburn 2237. After the full committee reports the bill,
it moves to the international relations committee. Sen. Conrad Burns also
would like to move forward with his Pro-CODE bill in May.
Problem is, Goodlatte's SAFE bill, which has about 70 cosponsors, does more
than just relax export controls and prohibit mandatory key escrow. It also
creates new criminal penalties for using encryption to further a criminal
act. Now, some say that it's innocuous -- and a good tradeoff for getting
export controls lifted -- but I'm not convinced. When encryption is
widespread and present in telephones, radios, cell phones, wireless modems,
web browsers, televisions, and maybe light switches, *any use* of any
electronic appliance will involve encryption. (Who wants a hacker playing
with your toaster?)
Remember that Maryland bill that would criminalize sending "annoying" or
"harassing" email? If the Goodlatte bill became law, Marylanders who signed
their messages with PGP or telnetted to local ISPs could be slammed with an
all-expenses-paid trip to the Federal pen for five years.
In other words, SAFE would turn state misdemeanors into Federal felonies.
This is not good.
A coalition of groups is sending a letter to Goodlatte tomorrow supporting
the bill but expressing concern over the criminalization provision.
Interested in signing on? Email David Sobel: sobel at epic.org.
Security and Freedom Through Encryption (SAFE) Act (Introduced in the House)
`Sec. 2805. Unlawful use of encryption in furtherance of a criminal act
       `Any person who willfully uses encryption in furtherance of the
commission of a criminal
       offense for which the person may be prosecuted in a court of
competent jurisdiction--
              `(1) in the case of a first offense under this section, shall
be imprisoned for not
              more than 5 years, or fined in the amount set forth in this
title, or both; and
              `(2) in the case of a second or subsequent offense under this
section, shall be
              imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or fined in the amount
set forth in this title,
              or both.'.
Federal Register, April 24, 1997:
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption;
Notice of Establishment
    The Secretary of Commerce has determined that the
establishment of the President's Export Council
Subcommittee on Encryption is in the public interest in
connection with the performance of duties imposed on the
Department by law.
    The Subcommittee will advise the Secretary, through the
Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, on
matters pertinent to the implementation of an encryption
policy that will support the growth of commerce while
protecting the public safety and national security.
    The Subcommittee will consist of approximately 25 members
to be appointed by the Secretary to assure a balanced
representation among the exporting community and those
Government agencies with a mandate to implement policy
regarding encryption.
    The Subcommittee will function solely as an advisory body.
    Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding
the establishment of the Subcommittee to Lee Ann Carpenter,
Committee Liaison Officer, OAS/EA/BXA, U.S. Department of
Commerce, MS: 3886C, Washington, D.C., 20230. Telephone:
202-482-2583. FAX: 202-501-8024.
    Dated: April 18, 1997.
Sue E. Eckert,
Assistant Secretary for Export Administration.
[Thanks to JYA. --Declan]
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-04-24 16:20:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware battle heats up; CyberSitter blacklist now public 
X-POP3-Rcpt: declan at relay.pathfinder.com
X-Sender: declan at mail.pathfinder.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: declan at well.com
X-FC-URL: Fight-Censorship is at You probably know about Brian Milburn. The irascible and foul-mouthed
president of Solid Oak Software, which sells CyberSitter censorware,
Milburn is best known for threatening journalists with criminal
prosecutions, blocking the web sites of his critics, and calling writers a
"trickle of piss." He's so obnoxious that even his fellow censorware
vendors distance themselves from him.
One of my articles about his exploits is at:
  Now he's on the warpath again. His latest target: one Bennett Haselton, a
college student and outspoken critic of CyberSitter's blocking policies.
(Milburn blocks the National Organization for Women and New York's
echo.com, among other university sites and Internet providers.)
Haseleton earlier this week posted a short DOS program that decrypts
CyberSitter's secret blacklist. Milburn was enraged. He accused Hasleton of
various crimes and today demanded that Haselton stop *linking* to
CyberSitter's pages.
Read on for more...
owner. We demand
owned and
but are
use of
letter will
Teen Offers Way to Crack Blocking Software
by Rebecca Vesely
3:03pm 23.Apr.97.PDT A Tennessee college student has posted a software
program on the Web that can be used to decrypt a list of sites blocked
by the prominent blocking software Cybersitter. The company that makes
the program is furious, and an attorney versed in Net law says the
student could face legal action.
Bennett Haselton, co-founder of the teen Web site Peacefire, on Monday
posted a program that he wrote specifically to crack the "filter file"
that comes with Cybersitter. The 18-year-old junior at Vanderbilt
University says it took him two days to write the software. The filter
file is frequently updated by Solid Oak Software, the company that
owns Cybersitter, but was taken offline Tuesday by the company.
"He is violating every intellectual property law ever written," said
Solid Oak president Brian Milburn. "It costs us tens of thousands of
dollars to maintain that list. It's none of his business what is on
that list or what we do with it."
Milburn would not say whether the company planned to take legal
action, but did say that Solid Oak "does not condone any kind of crime."
A recent list of sites blocked by Cybersitter - pulled before the
company took the filter file offline - was posted anonymously to
Declan McCullagh's fight-censorship email discussion list Monday. The
decrypted file shows that while most of the sites blocked by
Cybersitter are pornographic in nature, a number are not.
Among the sites blocked by Cybersitter on Monday were Cyborganic
Gardens; the National Organization for Women; the Gay and Lesbian
Alliance Against Defamation; several regional ISPs; Peacefire; the
Ethical Spectacle, which has criticized Solid Oak's blocking
practices; and the chocolatier Godiva.
"I think they are misrepresenting their product," Haselton said. "It's
not just the fact that they are blocking Peacefire, it's that they are
violating truth-in-advertising practices."
Solid Oak says it blocks sites that focus on "topics such as adult or
sexual issues, illegal activities, bigotry, racism, drugs, or pornography...."
This is not Haselton's first run-in with Solid Oak.  In December, he
posted a list of Web sites blocked by Cybersitter, which at the time
included The Well and Mother Jones magazine.  Haselton maintained that
he got the partial list by surfing the Web with Cybersitter installed
on his computer. Solid Oak threatened to sue, saying that Haselton had
cracked into their computers to get the list, and also threatened to
block Peacefire's ISP, Media3. The company never acted on the threats.
But Haselton could now face prosecution for violating copyright
laws. He maintains that he skirted the law because he did not post the
list of blocked sites, just information on how to access the list. He
also noted that he accessed the Cybersitter list using an old version
of the software that does not carry a copyright warning.
However, one lawyer said she wasn't sure Haselton's reasoning will
hold up if the case goes to court.
"[Solid Oak] went to the trouble of compiling the list. From a
competitive standpoint, someone else could use Haselton's software to
get the list and start their own blocking software company," said
Shari Steele, staff counsel for the Electronic Frontier
Foundation. "There is an ownership interest here."
Steele said that although someone who used the list for competitive
purposes would be more likely to face legal ramifications than
Haselton, it is not out of the realm of possibility that a court would
side with Solid Oak.
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-04-24 16:33:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato forum on liquor advertising and electronic media 
The Cato Institute invites you to a Policy Forum
Liquor Advertising and the Electronic Media
Fred Meister
Distilled Spirits Council of the United States
Dan Troy
Wiley, Rein & Fielding
Sam Kazman
Competitive Enterprise Institute
Heather Mizeur
Rep. Joseph Kennedy
Tom Howarth *
Mothers Against Drunk Driving
over radio and television, but last year some companies began doing so.
Some companies have also established an advertising presence on the
Internet.  Is this free speech protected by the First Amendment, or is it a
new health threat that should be subject to regulation?
Tuesday, May 6, 1997
4:00 - 5:30 p.m.
(Reception to follow)
Cato Institute
1000 Massachusetts Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20001
To register, news media please call Robin Hulsey at (202) 789-5293 or E-mail
to rhulsey at cato.org. * invited
Excerpt from:
Center for Media Education Report
Alcohol and Tobacco on the Web:
New Threats to Youth
Executive Summary
        The combination of these new Web marketing
        The Cigarette Act, which has since 1971 kept
        Among the recommendations for action, the Center for
 1. Congress should conduct hearings on the online
 2. The Federal Trade Commission should use its
 3. The Food and Drug Administration should carefully
 4. Federal agencies responsible for the public health,
 5. The national public health community, including
 6. The international health community, including the
 7. Parents and educators should help educate our
 8. Alcohol industries should abide by their own
 9. Cigarette companies should refrain from moving onto

@_date: 1997-04-25 17:34:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche: Fraud and the Net 
At 1:39 PM -0400 4/25/97, Robert Hettinga wrote, quoting a forwarded article:
I'd be happy to contribute towards the cost if someone else wants to take
up a collection and buy the report. (If it goes online, as I assume it
will, is this an example of a cypherpunkish "public good?")
Or I can try to call up and get 'em to send me a copy as a journalist.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-04-25 20:01:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CEI tells the Federal Trade Commission to be wary of regulation 
[I'll forward some followup comments with the same Subject: line.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Julie DeFalco from the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian
think tank here in DC, today sent me what her organization filed with the
FTC earlier this month. Below CEI urges the FTC to be "extremely cautious
in regulating the free flow of consumer information" online. The FTC will
revisit the issue of online privacy regulations this June. Some excerpts
from CEI's filing:
        There is a tension between the notion that
Read on for the complete document.
April 15, 1997
Federal Trade Commission
Room H-159
Sixth St. and Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C. 20580
   Consumer Privacy 1997
   Comment P954807 and Request to Participate P954807
Dear Sir or Madam:
The Competitive Enterprise Institute and the National
Consumer Coalition hereby files comments on and a
request to participate in Session Two of the Federal
Trade Commission's upcoming public hearing on
"Consumer Privacy Issues Posed by the Online
CEI is a non-profit, non-partisan free-market research
and advocacy group.  We have long been involved with
commercial free speech issues,  and we work on privacy
and Internet issues as well.  The NCC is a coalition
of nine consumer organizations interested in expanding
consumer choice in the marketplace.   Given the fact
that few, if any, other consumer groups are presenting
this viewpoint, we believe that our participation in
these hearings would assist the Commission in its
consideration of these issues.
There are some central issues which must be resolved
before discussing the FTC's specific questions.
What is "privacy"?
With all of the discussion of privacy of commercial
data on the Internet, it is strange that no one has
actually defined the term.  The tendency is to rely
instead on an "I-know-it-when-I-see-it" approach.
Supreme Court Justice Lewis Brandeis said that privacy
is the "The right to be left alone - the most
comprehensive of rights, and the right most valued by
a free people."   Others say privacy is a result of
living in a large society where people do not know
each other's reputations and are not able to impose
social constraints on others' behavior.  "Privacy
grows as the number of strangers grows," wrote Steven
Nock.  "Privacy is one consequence, or cost, of
growing numbers of strangers."
The confusion surrounding the term privacy leads one
to conclude that "privacy" is like a Rorschach ink
blot - different people read different things into it.
 "Whenever an invasion of privacy is claimed, there
are usually competing values at stake."   In this
sense, privacy is not a right, it is a preference.
Much of what people want in the name of "privacy" is
that which they could actually achieve through
traditionally understood conceptions of property
rights and freedom of contract.  But when "privacy"
itself is set forth as an amorphous, floating concept,
it in fact threatens property rights and freedom of
contract.  It is this substitution of an ill-defined
"privacy right" for well-defined rights that threatens
the Internet.
What is the distinction between commercial data
collection and government data collection?
The restraints placed on government actions on the
Internet are rightly and necessarily stricter than
those placed on companies and individuals.
Restraining government action underlies our entire
political system, for the government has unique powers
of coercion.   Since government may fine, imprison,
and (in capital cases), execute citizens, there must
be very strict conditions under which government may
collect information about citizens.
Unfortunately, government has been less than exemplary
in this realm, and has repeatedly pushed the
boundaries of acceptable behavior.  For example, one
bill currently before Congress (H.R. 118) requires the
Attorney General to "acquire data about all stops for
routine traffic violations by law enforcement
officers."  The data include "identifying
characteristics of the individual stopped, including
the race and or ethnicity of as well as the
approximate age of that individual."  The irony of
calling in the government to protect privacy on the
Internet when it so cavalierly ignores it in other
realms is rich.
On the other hand, companies cannot impose an agenda
on private individuals the way the government can.
When they try to, there are civil and criminal laws
there to stop them.  Despite rhetoric about the
"power" of large corporations, all marketers can
really do is try to persuade people to buy their
products.  They do this through advertising.
Why is data collection so important for the Internet?
People have repeatedly demonstrated that they are not
willing to pay for content on the Internet.
Advertising Age magazine recently reported that only
25% of people polled were willing to pay to subscribe
to online publications.   Many subscribers to content
pages freely share their passwords with others.  "If
Web sites can't figure out how to halt the
free-for-all, a promising revenue source for on-line
businesses may be threatened."
Therefore, in order to develop, web sites will
increasingly depend upon advertising for support.
Indeed, "for most [Internet search] engines,
advertising has accounted for more than 90% of total
revenues.  Advertising will continue to be the primary
source of income for Yahoo! (and other search engines)
as they set up local content ventures."   America
Online has found it necessary to put advertising in
chat rooms to raise extra revenue (which was lost when
AOL introduced its flat rate monthly user fee).
At the same time, advertisers are still very hesitant
about advertising on the Internet.  "Where are the
marketers?" asked one Advertising Age editorial.   The
editor of Out magazine's web page, now defunct, was
quoted as saying, "advertisers aren't clamoring to get
on the Web - we have to beat them up to get on the
Web" (emphasis in original).   Anything which makes it
harder for advertising to work will have direct
effects on the quality and content of the Internet, a
very serious harm to Internet users.  In addition, it
will likely raise the cost to consumers of using the
Is the issue "privacy," or is it really marketing?
Much of the rhetoric surrounding the privacy issue
concerns the purported power of advertising.  There is
a decades-old strain of thought which declares that
advertising is coercive and makes people buy what they
do not want.  This is untrue, as examples from the
Edsel, to New Coke, even to Nissan (which has a great
ad campaign but has seen no increase in auto sales)
show.  Unfortunately, many people do not fully
recognize the very real benefits consumers derive from
Advertising's role in a market economy is essential,
and essentially benign.  Advertising lets consumers
know about price and quality information.  It alerts
consumers to the existence of new and improved
products.  It even saves consumers time by helping
them figure out what they do not want in advance of
shopping (e.g. a new car's styling is unattractive, or
it is too expensive).   Curtailing advertising limits
the availability of consumer information.
FTC Question 2.3: What are the risks, costs and
benefits of collection, compilation, sale and use
of personal consumer information in this context?
Despite plenty of speculation, there has been no
demonstration of significant actual harm resulting
from the commercial collection of personal data over
the Internet. This is not to say that all data posted
on the Internet are good.  Quite the contrary.  For
example, the government has made it difficult, if not
impossible, to live in America today without a social
security number.  Congress has mandated that all
states use social security numbers as driver
identification numbers.  And Departments of Motor
Vehicles have been rather cavalier about selling the
data collected, including social security numbers.
That is why the outcry against Lexis-Nexis, which
created a database of publicly available government
information, was misplaced.
The allocation of costs and benefits deriving from
data collection depends upon whom you ask.  Again,
privacy is a preference, not a universal right.  While
some may not like the very idea that data are being
collected about their consumption behavior, others may
not care at all.  Indeed, some consumers may not mind
how much information about them is available, if it
means they will receive only ads targeted to their
particular interests.  "Consumers don't mind
advertising and pay attention to it, as long as it
gives them something of value."
There is a tension between the notion that all
interactions on the Internet ought to be private, and
the fact that people go on to the Internet to
communicate in public.  The reality is that going on
to the Internet is like walking on a public street,
with each Web page like a private store.  Each Web
page has the right to set up its own conditions for
entry.  Such policies could range from a free-for-all
data collection spree, to very strict information
collection limitations.
It is important to note that since advertising depends
upon customer profile information, web pages which
take extra steps to protect privacy might be
relatively more expensive, and may have to charge a
premium.  If one individual prefers more privacy than
another, this is a reasonable situation.  It behooves
Web pages to clearly define the terms of entry.  As
for chat rooms and newsgroups, their entire purpose is
for people to communicate with each other.  Therefore,
people should not be surprised when third parties
collect information which they have already placed in
the public realm.
There are some very serious problems with the notion
that consumers somehow "own" information about
themselves which they have already released publicly,
or through a contract with a company.  Away from the
virtual world, people have repeatedly shown
willingness to give up their "valuable" personal data
in return for such things as rebates or coupons.  From
product reply questionnaires to supermarket shopper
clubs, people give out information all the time, often
automatically.  Even when it comes to the sale of
magazine subscriber lists, many people know about it
and often take advantage of deals offered by other
magazines and by marketers of certain products.
Some say that consumers ought to be reimbursed for
this sale of names.  But value is subjective, and, in
a market economy, a good offered for sale is only
worth what someone else is willing to pay for it.
Companies pay for the names because it saves them the
time and expense that it would take to collect the
publicly available information themselves.
Arbitrarily assigning a price to names, rather than
having it settled by negotiation through the market,
assumes that everyone agrees upon the value of a name.
As discussed above, this is not so.  Artificially
raising the price of a good (i.e. a name) through
regulation would surely decrease demand for it.  That
outcome might please many privacy advocates, but it
would hurt consumers in unseen ways, by limiting the
availability and circulation of consumer information.
If you release information about yourself, then that
information becomes part of the public realm. For
example, suppose you place an engagement announcement
in a local newspaper.  You do not "own" that
information.  That is, other parties can pick it up
and use it for, say, creating mailing lists of
newlyweds or brides-to-be. "The power to control
information about you is the power to control the
speech of others."
Even when it comes to implicit contracts - the selling
of magazine lists, for example - there is no reason
why it is incumbent upon the magazine seller to obtain
an affirmation from every subscriber before selling
their names. Rather, sensitive consumers ought to pay
attention to the fine print of their contracts.  They
can decline to contract in the first place, or
establish a set of  acceptable conditions, such as
requesting that their names be removed from mailing
lists.  Keeping names off of lists is a preference and
not a right.  Consumers who do not like this practice
have no right to impose their preferences on everyone.
 What goes for the real world should apply to the
virtual world.
The risks of this data collection by companies are
overstated.  The one exception is when collected
information falls into the hands of the government.
For example, an ice-cream shop culled names of
eighteen-year-olds from the store's birthday club and
sold the list to the selective service.   For these
customers, going into an ice-cream shop mean induction
in the army.
The costs and benefits of data collection are
different for every consumer.   Regulation would only
institutionalize a set of preferences, rather than
uphold rights.  It might be that companies ought to be
more explicit about their information collection
policies.  However, those companies which do take
extra steps in this regard frequently tout it.  In
short, those consumers most concerned about data
collection already have one way of satisfying that
preference, without resorting to government
FTC Question 2.16: How widespread is the practice of
sending unsolicited e-mail?  Are privacy or other
consumer interests implicated by this practice?  What
are the sources of e-mail addresses used for this
Unsolicited e-mail is very similar to junk mail in the
context of "privacy."  Many people find it annoying,
especially since junk e-mail shifts the cost from the
sender to the recipient, who pays in time and money.
However, enough people like it and take advantage of
it that the practice continues.  E-mail marketers
often harvest names through data mining - collecting
e-mail addresses from newsgroup posts and chat rooms.
It is clear that many consumers do not like this, but
it is not clear why this practice should be made
illegal, as opposed to being simply irritating.
As previously noted, people who venture out into those
chat rooms and newsgroups are going out into public.
E-mail put out into these areas is public property,
much as an engagement announcement would be.
Therefore, someone collecting lists of names and
sending out junk e-mails is acting perfectly
legitimately.  There is no way for a data collector
(or even another participant) to know in advance who
would like to hear about something or not.  The
combination of what is wanted and what is unwanted is
different for everyone.
Many people object to the costs of paying for unwanted
e-mail (e.g. charges per e-mail received, line charges
incurred while using the e-mail function).  That is
perfectly understandable.  But if you do not wish to
be put on a list, the responsibility is yours to avoid
it.  Fortunately, there are already  options
available.  Most of the major Internet providers -
AOL, Prodigy, CompuServe - already have banned junk
mailings.   This provision of what some see as a
valuable service is perfectly legitimate as well.  In
addition, AOL also permits people who participate in
chat rooms to use up to five false names.  Along with
the ease of finding anonymizers to surf the Web,
"going incognito" has never been so easy to do.
As the Washington Post aptly noted, "Psychologically,
the more interesting question is why folks who long
since gave up the attempt to stop mass telemarketing
or ordinary delivered-to-the-door junk mail find it so
much more immediately threatening to receive mail that
can be deleted at the touch of a button."
FTC Question 2.18: What costs does unsolicited
commercial e-mail impose on consumers or others?  Are
there available means of avoiding or limiting such
costs?  If so, what are they?
The wording of the question suggests that the FTC
believes that the primary cost of unsolicited e-mail
is "privacy."  Once again, "privacy" is a preference.
Therefore, junk e-mail is a cost only to those who
personally object to data collection.  It might be
useful to look at this situation in a different way.
Restricting data collection reduces the possibility of
target marketing.  Perhaps some consumers would be
happy to receive e-mail relating only to their
particular interests. As target marketing becomes more
accurate due to data collection, it would actually
reduce the amount of unwanted e-mail.  Sailing
enthusiasts would not receive gardening catalogs,
gourmands would not receive home improvement
In addition, clamping down on data collection will
hurt smaller companies and non-profits, who might find
this data collection useful in finding new customers
or members.  Well-known non-profits, for example,
receive a great deal of publicity and exposure in the
general media; how many other, smaller groups would
like to find people interested in their work via the
One of the biggest objections to data collection is
its awesome speed.  But this is not a sufficient basis
for regulation; it is an extension of objections to
data collection in general.  Combing a phone book
manually or by computer is essentially the same; the
latter just takes less time.  Use of data collection
technology makes information cheaper and more
available to a variety of groups, from non-profits to
associations dedicated to one or another hobbies or
At a minimum, the FTC should insist on a real and
significant showing of harm resulting from commercial
data collection, rather than rely upon claims of
consumer irritation.  The FTC should be extremely
cautious in regulating the free flow of consumer
information.  Any regulations are bound to have
unforeseen effects.  For example, the European Privacy
Directives have made it very difficult to exchange
employee information between branches of the same
company located in different countries.   Instead, the
FTC should confine itself to policing fraud and
investigating any actual injury.  As Esther Dyson put
it, "The goal is a market in privacy practices.  That
will result in constantly improving standards rather
than rigid ones set by law, and in decentralized,
speedy enforcement" (emphasis in original).
Julie C. DeFalco on behalf of the Competitive
Enterprise Institute and for the National Consumer
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-04-25 20:01:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CEI tells the Federal Trade Commission to be wary of regulation 
I haven't looked at the rest of the CEI report says, but
this last statement about P-TRAK is factually incorrect.
Lexis-Nexis did not create a database of "publicy
available government information,' they bought
credit record information from TransUnion, a credit
reporting agency, and exploited a loophole in the
Fair Credit Reporting Act which allowed them to
sell the credit "header" information.
Assuming that CEI does not question the public objection
to P-TRAK, what solution do they propose? There is no
contractual relationship between individuals (who are
simply record subjects in thsi instance) and look-up
services such as P-TRAK and therefore no opportunity
for markets in any meaningful sense to operate.
Isn't this a casebook example of where regulation
is appropriate?
Marc Rotenberg.
Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg at epic.org
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-04-25 20:15:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Query: Who has left the U.S. to evade the law? 
An associate is trying to find an American who left the country to operate
a high-tech business, possibly illegal, outside the U.S. to evade American
laws. Think hacking/cracking, money laundering, child porn, black market.
This is for a profile in _Details_ magazine.  Any tips? My friend is
discreet and trustworthy and lives in New York City.

@_date: 1997-04-25 20:22:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto moves forward: Commerce Dept panel and SAFE markup 
My lord, I'm agreeing with Jim Bell!
Right now, no controls exit on domestic crypto, though strict export
controls are in place.
The question is: Do we want to give up any domestic freedom in exchange
for a relaxation of export controls? (Congress is, after all, built on
compromises between warring factions.)
My instinct is to say "No." Let the courts strike down ITAR, EAR, and its
progeny, while we keep our freedoms domestically.

@_date: 1997-04-25 20:24:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CEI tells the Federal Trade Commission to be wary of regulation 
DID YOU HAVE TO POST THIS to your list?  Sure, it publicises what
the "other side" has to say, but I find so much to object to in
practically every sentence that it almost makes me ill.  I can
only hope that other filings to the FTC display more respect for
the individual than this does.
Eek!  Here the CEI is re-defining "privacy as a right" into "privacy
as a preference"!  In my opinion, the word "right" conveys a sense of
moral conviction, whereas the substituted word "preference" conveys
(as it is intended to) a connotation of malleable irresolution.
I am not a lawyer, nor am I familiar with the various court precedents,
but if "pursuit of happiness" can be considered a "right", I would
argue that so can "privacy" be considered a "right".  Is there even
a dividing line between the two?
This quote is a brilliant stroke on the part of CEI - its presence
here reassures those who agree with Justice Brandeis (of whom I am
one), but the idea of value to "being left alone" is disregarded
throughout the rest of CEI's submission.
Let me illustrate what I think is meant by "privacy":  Suppose I
do not have a secretary to take care of my personal correspondence.
As long as I receive only a few letters each day urging me to do
something, I consider that to be a tolerable "cost" associated with
living in this modern-day society.  But suppose the mailman starts
bringing me hundreds of such letters each day -- it will take me
time and effort just to dispose of them (even if I did not look at
their content) -- time and effort diverted from my goal of "pursuit
of happiness".  Because I was not left alone, my ability to _choose
by myself_ what to do and what not to do (that is, my *privacy*)
was violated.
This seems to be the central message of what CEI is proposing --
run a poll, and if the plurality of respondents say that they see
a benefit to society of identifying who you are each time you buy
something (or even enter any store or Web page) -- why then, let's
all be good citizens and not be irritated and just present our
tamper-proof IDs when asked.
[Surely CEI can convince them that for "free flow of consumer
 information" what is important is the flow of information about
 consumers to marketers -- after all, it is the market that rules,
 not vague intangibles like "individual privacy".]

@_date: 1997-05-01 07:53:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House subcom. passes crypto bill, USDoJ letter to panel 
X-FC-URL: Fight-Censorship is at After all the backroom wrangling that led up to today's markup, the actual
subcommittee vote on legislation that would lift export controls on
encryption was an anticlimax. A House Judiciary subcommittee passed Rep.
Bob Goodlatte's (R-Va) "SAFE" bill unanimously by voice vote. Not one
member of the panel spoke against it -- even after the Justice Department
tried a last-minute lobbying blitz to derail the bill.
It's a tribute to the effectiveness of the high-tech lobbyists that even
Rep. Bill McCollum (R-Fl) didn't slam the bill, as he was itching to do.
Instead he had to be content with huffing: "I'm not saying I'm opposed to
the bill; I want to put up a red flag. There are people in the intelligence
community and criminal justice community who have expressed concerns to
me." He warned he might have amendments later.
And what else could he say? High tech was smart enough to recruit outside
its ranks for unusual allies in its last-minute legislative push. An April
29 letter to the committee urging them to pass the bill included groups
like the National Association of Manufacturers and the National Retail
Goodlatte, the bill's chief sponsor, came up to me afterwards and grinned.
"We already have a significant majority of the full committee supporting
this bill," he said. "There's not one member of Congress who's stepped up
and said they're openly opposed to this legislation. None."
(Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Ca) noted that she received a letter from a coalition
of groups criticizing the bill for imposing harsh criminal penalties for
using crypto to further a crime. She vaguely promised to address it later.
That section stayed in.)
But the fight isn't over; rather, it's just beginning. SAFE still has to
clear the full House Judiciary committee, and Sen. Conrad Burns' Pro-CODE
bill has yet to advance in the Senate.
Don't discount the Clinton administration and the Department of Justice --
the largest law firm in the world, with plenty of lobbyists who regularly
swarm onto Capitol Hill to demand expanded police powers. An excerpt from
the DoJ's fearmongering letter sent to the committee today is attached
        Office of Legislative Affairs
        U.S. Department of Justice
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-05-01 08:58:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
Sure it's bribery -- at least an informal, backscratching kind. It's the
way any public relations flack works: floating stories and giving
information to friendly journalists. But it's more insidious when it comes
from government. (Now, some news outlets have some insulation from this,
since no senator is going to turn down an opportunity to appear on NBC
Nightly News, even if it critizies their pet program.) But your excerpt didn't give me a chance to finish my story, and you
leaped to the wrong conclusion.
I turned down the FCC dinners, filed my story, argued with my editors who
watered it down, and moved on to my next project. Not all journalists have "hockable ethical standards." Indeed, some of us
care about the truth.

@_date: 1997-05-01 12:03:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Problems with SAFE bill 
I've received a few comments along the lines of "Why are you supporting
the SAFE bill?" Here's my post to f-c about it from last week that might
give some background. In short, I think this legislation is not good.
(I sometimes forget to send f-c posts to cypherpunks, even when they're
on-topic. If you want to join, subscription info is at the end.)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Encryption is again bubbling to the surface of Washington politics. Today
the Department of Commerce announced that it was creating a new committee
to advise it on crypto-issues. A department official told me it would be
composed of "businesses that export encryption," and interested parties
have 15 working days to file comments. A way for the White House to split
industry opposition and persuade high tech firms to buy into key escrow?
On the Hill, crypto legislation that would lift export controls is about to
advance farther than ever before. (Last fall, Sen. Exon killed any chance
that pro-crypto legislation had in the 104th Congress.) Rep. Bob
Goodlatte's crypto bill (SAFE) will move to subcommittee markup next
Tuesday at 2 pm in Rayburn 2237. After the full committee reports the bill,
it moves to the international relations committee. Sen. Conrad Burns also
would like to move forward with his Pro-CODE bill in May.
Problem is, Goodlatte's SAFE bill, which has about 70 cosponsors, does more
than just relax export controls and prohibit mandatory key escrow. It also
creates new criminal penalties for using encryption to further a criminal
act. Now, some say that it's innocuous -- and a good tradeoff for getting
export controls lifted -- but I'm not convinced. When encryption is
widespread and present in telephones, radios, cell phones, wireless modems,
web browsers, televisions, and maybe light switches, *any use* of any
electronic appliance will involve encryption. (Who wants a hacker playing
with your toaster?)
Remember that Maryland bill that would criminalize sending "annoying" or
"harassing" email? If the Goodlatte bill became law, Marylanders who signed
their messages with PGP or telnetted to local ISPs could be slammed with an
all-expenses-paid trip to the Federal pen for five years.
In other words, SAFE would turn state misdemeanors into Federal felonies.
This is not good.
A coalition of groups is sending a letter to Goodlatte tomorrow supporting
the bill but expressing concern over the criminalization provision.
Interested in signing on? Email David Sobel: sobel at epic.org.
Security and Freedom Through Encryption (SAFE) Act (Introduced in the House)
`Sec. 2805. Unlawful use of encryption in furtherance of a criminal act
       `Any person who willfully uses encryption in furtherance of the
commission of a criminal
       offense for which the person may be prosecuted in a court of
competent jurisdiction--
              `(1) in the case of a first offense under this section, shall
be imprisoned for not
              more than 5 years, or fined in the amount set forth in this
title, or both; and
              `(2) in the case of a second or subsequent offense under this
section, shall be
              imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or fined in the amount
set forth in this title,
              or both.'.
Federal Register, April 24, 1997:
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption;
Notice of Establishment
    The Secretary of Commerce has determined that the
establishment of the President's Export Council
Subcommittee on Encryption is in the public interest in
connection with the performance of duties imposed on the
Department by law.
    The Subcommittee will advise the Secretary, through the
Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, on
matters pertinent to the implementation of an encryption
policy that will support the growth of commerce while
protecting the public safety and national security.
    The Subcommittee will consist of approximately 25 members
to be appointed by the Secretary to assure a balanced
representation among the exporting community and those
Government agencies with a mandate to implement policy
regarding encryption.
    The Subcommittee will function solely as an advisory body.
    Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding
the establishment of the Subcommittee to Lee Ann Carpenter,
Committee Liaison Officer, OAS/EA/BXA, U.S. Department of
Commerce, MS: 3886C, Washington, D.C., 20230. Telephone:
202-482-2583. FAX: 202-501-8024.
    Dated: April 18, 1997.
Sue E. Eckert,
Assistant Secretary for Export Administration.
[Thanks to JYA. --Declan]
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-08-01 22:30:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Letter to AOL on "proposed censorship summit with radical right" (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Forwarded message:
Subj:    Your Proposed Censorship Summit with Radical Right Leaders
Dear Steve Case,
As one of the plaintiffs in the ACLU/ALA case on the CDA, who saw it through
all the way to the Supreme Court, I am shocked and dismayed that you would
dignify the demands of the Christian Coalition et al by sitting down with
them in such a summit.
You know and I know that America Online will leave that negotiating table
having made major concessions on the subject of Internet censorship -- not
only for content on gay and lesbian and AIDS, but also women's issues and
many other subjects.   The religious right have a very long list of subjects
that they would like to censor out of U.S. libraries, schools and
media...which you will discover if you take the trouble to read BANNED BOOKS,
published each year by the ALA.
Get a clue, Mr. Case  This battle over "content" is not really about "child
pornography."  It is a thinly veiled disguise for the radical right's efforts
to impose its total belief and its proposed penal system on the people of the
United States.  It wants to have the United States be like the Colony of
Massachusetts before the Revolution.  I suggest you read some history, and
ponder whether you would have liked living under the religious dictatorship
that ran the colony.
Between 1962 and 1972, I lived in Spain as a working journalist for the
Reader's Digest, working out of its office in Madrid, and I saw in operation
just the kind of right-wing censorship system that the Christian Coalition et
al would like to impose on this country.  Part of its success involved just
the kind of "self-censorship" that you are now proposing to slap on your own
company.  You are no different than the Spanish book publishers who sat down
with the Catholic Church and agreed on what could be published.   As a
result, Spanish culture languished.  The Spanish people reached the point
where they had lots of jokes about self-censorship and didn't take their own
media or culture seriously.   It all came to an end in 1975, when Franco
died, and the Spanish people were so sick of church and censors that the new
government moved to end the hegemony of the Spanish Catholic Church and put
an end to censorship.
So shame on you for moving to introduce this kind of censorship to the United
States of America.   I have been a loyal customer of AOL since I got onto the
Internet two years ago, and I will take my business elsewhere if you go
through with this summit.
Patricia Nell Warren
Wildcat Press
8306 Wilshire Blvd. Box 8306
Beverly Hills, CA 90211
213/966-2467 fax

@_date: 1997-08-04 01:21:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PICS and intellectual freedom FAQ 
Given the renewed debate about the intellectual freedom implications of
rating and filtering generally, and PICS in particular, your readers may
find my FAQ on the subject enlightening. It introduces a number of useful
distinctions that seem to be missing from some recent discussion (rating
vs. filtering; self-rating vs. third-party rating; local vs. central
setting of filtering rules). There are some legitimate intellectual freedom
concerns with both rating and filtering, but it's important to get beyond
sweeping generalizations.
The URL is Paul Resnick
Associate Professor
University of Michigan
School of Information
chair, PICS Interest Group, World Wide Web Consortium
P.S. Please send comments about the FAQ to pics-ask at w3.org. Since I'll be
out of email contact for the next week, however, you should not expect an
immediate response.
[I took this from

@_date: 1997-08-05 01:38:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "The Big Sellout," on self-labeling, from Time 
Netly is running Josh Quittner's column in this week's
Time Magazine as our story today. It's about the perils
of self-labeling systems for the Net, especially for
news organizations. Stop by and check it out.
Also, on p48-49 of this week's magazine is a look at
censorware programs and public libraries. It's called
"Censor's Sensibility: Are Web filters valuable
watchdogs or just new online thought police?" Bruce van
Voorst and I worked on the story from the Washington
bureau. (It's not on pathfinder.com yet, so you'll have
to pick up a physical copy.)
Also, stop by our Netpolitics chat area where we're
discussing self-labeling and censorware:
  The Netly News Network (
August 4, 1997
The Big Sellout
by Joshua Quittner (quittner at pathfinder.com)
     The greatest threat to free speech these days is
coming from the most unlikely quarter: journalists.
It's happening - where else? - on the Net. A
self-appointed council of "industry representatives,"
including people from the Wall Street Journal, the
Newspaper Association of America, CNET, Wired and - no
surprise! - Microsoft, is debating whether the online
world might be a safer, happier place if a
subcommittee of the council decides what's news and
what's not. Anything deemed "not news" would be forced
to submit to a rating system or risk being blocked by
software browsers. And being blocked on the Web could
mean extinction for small, independent-minded online
publishers - the very folks who have benefited most
from the Internet revolution. The whole thing reeks of
the powerful beating up on the weak.
     The roots of the betrayal go back to June 1996,
when the notion of rating Web content first took off.
That was when Microsoft forced its myriad web sites to
adopt a system that analyzes content according to the
degree to which it contains sex, nudity, violence or
obscene language. The official reason for this was to
make the Net a "safe place" without government
censorship - which made sense, I guess, given that the
Supreme Court had not yet ruled the Communications
Decency Act unconstitutional.
     It also made good business sense for Microsoft to
adopt an idea that adds value to one of its key
products, the Internet Explorer. Explorer is the
second-most popular browser on the Web; a software
component that gives parents the option to filter out
the naughty bits is a big selling point. But what's
good business for the software industry is nonsense
for journalism - as the folks who run Microsoft's news
web site quickly realized.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-08-05 08:46:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Censor's Sensibility" on censorware & ratings, from Time 
TIME MAGAZINE
AUGUST 11, 1997
VOL. 150 NO. 6
CENSOR'S SENSIBILITY Are web filters valuable watchdogs or just new online thought police?
BY MICHAEL KRANTZ    Seeking to protect fellow citizens from depravities ranging from TV
   violence to rap lyrics, from Uncle Tom's Cabin to Howard Stern, some
   Americans have always had a hard time restraining themselves from
   trying to circumvent the First Amendment. And the World Wide Web, with
   its infinite plenitude of pro-Satan home pages and SEXY NUDE BABES!
   sites, has more, um, free speech in need of protection than any medium
   in history. As lurid tales of online obscenity seep into America's
   consciousness, a variety of Internet sentinels have volunteered their
   services.
   Or was that Internet censors? What one group claims as guardianship of
   public morality strikes another as unconscionable, not to mention
   unconstitutional, interference. In June the Supreme Court slapped down
   the Communications Decency Act (CDA), which prohibited the posting of
   "indecent" material over the Net. This decision in turn has created a
   hot market for products that derisive Net-heads call
   "censorware"--such software filters as CyberPatrol, NetNanny and
   SurfWatch ($29.95 to $39.95) that offer to help nervous parents keep
   inappropriate material from prying but underage eyes.
   Just what is inappropriate is a messy issue, as citizens of Loudoun
   County, Va., a conservative enclave northwest of Washington, can
   attest. Last month, after six public hearings and over the objections
   of library staff, the county library board adopted the region's most
   restrictive Internet-access policy. Henceforth, the library will arm
   its computers with filters to censor obscene sites--the definition of
   obscenity, of course, being largely up to whichever filter Loudoun
   County ends up deciding to buy. Adults who want to cruise the Net sans
   filter will have to ask the librarian to call off the watchdogs;
   children under 17 will be able to do so only if accompanied by an
   adult. "The issue is whether pornography will get into the library,"
   says board president John Nicholas. "Our task is to protect our
   children."
   A more politically fireproof sentence has yet to be conceived by
   mortal man. On the surface the policy seems reasonable, given the
   prevalence of offensive sites and the ease with which even a novice
   Web surfer can find them (though most porn sites these days can't be
   accessed without a credit card). But free-speech advocates call
   censorware a cure worse than the disease. Filtering programs block Web
   pages in one of two ways. The more primitive method is to search for
   key words in the pages' titles, a system with all the subtlety of a
   Gatling gun. America Online, for instance, once banned the word breast
   from some areas of its service, which outraged breast-cancer sufferers
   locked out of their bulletin boards. And SurfWatch legendarily banned
   sites featuring the word couples, only to discover that that word
   appears on the White House's official site.
   A better method is to study individual sites--yes, that means hundreds
   of thousands of them, one at a time--and then place them on yes or no
   lists that can be updated as new pages pop up in the Web's endless
   sprawl. A program called CyberPatrol identifies 12 categories of
   troublesome material (violence, profanity, sexual acts and so on) that
   parents can block at their discretion. The software can also be
   adjusted for different age groups. "My six-year-old son doesn't need
   to know how to put on a condom," says CyberPatrol spokeswoman Sydney
   Rubin. "But I'll sure want him to know when he's 13."
   Opponents say the filter companies' banned lists can also reflect
   ideological biases. CyberSitter, the most aggressively conservative
   filtering program, is infamous for blocking access to the National
   Organization for Women's Website as well as entire Internet providers
   like Echo, New York City's oldest online community. Gay-themed
   sites--big surprise--suffer mightily. CyberPatrol blocks the Queer
   Resources Directory; CyberSitter bans the alt.politics.homosexual
   newsgroup; SurfWatch blocks ClariNet's AP and Reuters articles about
   AIDS and HIV.
   If conservative parents want software that will censor any Website
   that the Rev. Jerry Falwell wouldn't say amen to, that's their
   privilege. But free-speech proponents say customers looking for
   ideology-free screening might not be aware of how much they're
   missing. Censorware produces unpredictable and often unwanted results
   (see box), and most filterers consider their blacklists trade secrets.
   This puts Loudoun County in the position of letting private firms pass
   judgment on the contents of a medium that's supposed to offer easy
   access to all--a notion that's especially dubious in the case of the
   "free public library," Internet provider of last resort for those who
   can't afford a computer. "We serve the information needs of the whole
   community," says Judith Krug, director of the American Library
   Association's Office for Intellectual Freedom. "Identifying one
   standard for everyone violates the rights of everybody else."
   Such First Amendment echoes make even conservative Congressmen
   nervous. "I endorse the notion of filtering devices at home," says Bob
   Goodlatte, a pro-CDA Republican Representative from Virginia, "but
   there's certainly a legitimate debate as to how to do it in libraries
   without introducing a major form of censorship."
   There are, however, minor forms, including asking the Websites to rate
   their content "voluntarily." Chris Hansen, senior staff counsel for
   the American Civil Liberties Union, is particularly disturbed by the
   growing political support for self-censorship. "Rating systems may
   work, however badly, in TV or movies, where there are relatively few
   programs and armies of lawyers," he says. "But with E-mail, chat rooms
   and newsgroups, the sheer volume is overwhelming."
   Nonetheless, self-censorship is starting to look like the wave--or at
   least one very big wave--of the future. Microsoft's Internet Explorer
   Web browser already includes a ratings program called RSACi. It has
   emerged as the leading Net-rating system that allows Web proprietors
   to rate their own sites instead of letting NetNanny and SurfWatch
   employees pass judgment for them. And rival Netscape, bowing to
   pressure from the White House at last month's censorware summit (Bill
   Clinton, predictably, loves ostensibly family-friendly software
   filters), has agreed to use rating systems in the next version of its
   browser. Even news organizations, whose free-speech obsession borders
   on the fanatic, are rating themselves (see THE NETLY NEWS). The
   Webmasters' private initiative, though, may not cool legislative ardor
   for rewriting the cda. Neither filtering software nor self-rating is
   sufficient to clean up the Net, in the view of Senator Dan Coats of
   Indiana. Filters are "a good first step," he says, but "it's a tax on
   the family--the innocent family." Of course, the same could be said
   for clear-cutting the Web's forests of unfettered speech.
   --Reported by Declan McCullagh and Bruce van Voorst/Washington
     _________________________________________________________________
   BUSTED!
   Some surprising sites get trapped in the filters
   ( The Heritage Foundation
   ( M.I.T. free-speech society
   (news:clari.tw.health.aids) Reuters articles about AIDS
   ( U.S. Central Intelligence Agency
   ( Banned-books archive
   ( National Organization for Women
     _________________________________________________________________
Related articles:

@_date: 1997-08-06 02:16:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Censor's Sensibility" sidebar, from Time Magazine 
_________________________________________________________________
   BUSTED!
   Some surprising sites get trapped in the filters
   ( The Heritage Foundation
   ( M.I.T. free-speech society
   (news:clari.tw.health.aids) Reuters articles about AIDS
   ( U.S. Central Intelligence Agency
   ( Banned-books archive
   ( National Organization for Women
     _________________________________________________________________

@_date: 1997-08-06 02:16:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "A new battle over keeping the Net clean," by J.Weber/LATimes 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Innovation/ Jonathan Weber A New Battle   Over Keeping   the Web Clean      When Congress passed the Internet  censorship law known as the  Communications Decency Act early last year, the many companies, advocacy groups and individuals with a stake in the Internet rose up as one to challenge the measure in court.    But now that the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled the CDA unconstitutional, the victorious coalition is fracturing, and a bitter battle is being joined over the Clinton-backed effort to develop a rating and labeling system for the Internet.     On one side are the big, mainstream Internet and computer companies, led by America Online and Microsoft, which proclaim their eagerness to make cyberspace "safe for families.'' Lining up against them are free-speech advocates, including the American Civil Liberties Union and the American Library Assn., which see ratings systems as censorship tools.    It's not exactly a fair fight: Ratings proponents have popular opinion, the economic interests of the industry and the power of the presidency on their side. But here's a prediction: The free-speech forces will lose the battle, but they'll ultimately win the war. And with a little luck there won't be too much damage done in the interim.    The debate over ratings begins with a technology called PICS, which stands for "platform for Internet content selection.'' PICS is a mechanism for labeling Web pages according to their content. The labels can then be read by a software program, which in turn can block access to sites that have specific types of content. PICS itself is not a ratings system, but rather a     method for implementing a ratings system. The theory is that once PICS is in place throughout the Internet, a multiplicity of ratings systems would emerge. A Christian Coalition ratings system might block access to anything with any sexual content as well as certain political sites, for example, while another system might block only hard-core porn. Parents and others could easily choose.    So far, so good. There would be no law requiring Web sites to use PICS labels; the Clinton administration has stressed that any ratings plan would be voluntary. But parents and others would get a new toolone more robust and effective than existing software programs, such as CyberPatrol, that block out sites deemed unsuitable for kids.    The free speech purists have a philosophical objection even to this. ""Ratings systems are developed to enable one individual to exercise control over what another person sees,'' says Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center. That might be OK for parents and their children, he allows, but such a tool will inevitably be used by public institutions and governmentsif not here then abroadto restrict speech.    An even bigger worry is that what's being sold as a voluntary system that will include a multiplicity of ratings systems is actually going to be an all-but-mandatory system that offers very few choices.    Consider, first of all, what happens to Web sites that decline to rate their pages. Any PICS-based filter would have to block all unrated pages. Already, ratings proponents are calling on the major search services, such as Yahoo, not to index unrated sites. Overseas Web services would face the choice of adopting a U.S. labeling system or forgoing access to any U.S. readers. Web publishers that didn't want to participate might suddenly find themselves in a deserted backwater of the network.    There's also the question of how disputes over ratings would be arbitrated. Sites would be self-rated, and in fact the vast majority of sites would have no incentive to misrepresent themselves. But what happens when some do anyway? Would it be a crime for a porn site to proclaim itself suitable for children?    At the moment, moreover, it doesn't appear that there are a variety of ratings systems under development representing different values. In fact, a system being created by the Recreational Software Advisory Council, a Microsoft-led industry group, is quickly emerging as a de facto standard.    The battles over how RSAC handles certain kinds of sites have only just begun, but to see the inevitable problems one need look no further than the ongoing discussion about news. N   ews sites, reasonably enough, don't want to rate     themselves. At the very least it would be impractical to label every page of a big news site every day to warn of violent or tasteless or otherwise disturbing content. And labeling news just doesn't seem very consistent with freedom of the press.    So the news organizations want to have a special news rating. Who qualifies for a news rating? Well, a committeeoperating under the auspices of the Internet Content Coalition, which represents a number of major publishers (including The Times)would decide. News organizations get together to decide who is and who isn't a news organization. Hmm.    In the face of these objections, the Clinton administration and the companies backing the ratings effort say that, first of all, something has to be done to stave off new legislation. If industry doesn't act, Congress will come up with "son of CDA,'' and this time it might hold up in court.    There are other motives too, though, namely a desire to expand the market. "Nothing is as important as making this medium family-friendly,'' America Online Chairman Steve Case declared here last week.    That's funny coming from him, because AOL owes much of its success to its decidedly un-family-friendly sex-chat rooms, but he's obviously decided that a clean image is important to further growth. The online giant is spearheading a two-day meeting here in October, where the ratings battle is likely to come to a head.    The administration and the big companies both want to bring the Internet into the mainstream. If some of its wilder and woollier aspects are marginalized in the process, well, good.    And that is the nightmare of free-speech advocates: that a medium that the Supreme Court declared ought to be treated at least as liberally as print (ever heard of ratings for books?) will nonetheless be driven into TV-like conformity. This is a legitimate fear. Personally, though, I don't     think the worst will happen. The Internet is simply too big, too diverse and too fast-changing to be tamed by even a semi-voluntary ratings mechanism. The business interests, moreover, cut both ways: Family-friendly might look like a way to expand the market today, but pornography and gambling and even radical politics are sure to remain a big part of the online landscape.    AOL's Case says that online service providers competing on the basis of who is more family-friendly would be akin to airlines competing based on their safety records. That's a ridiculous analogy: Everyone thinks plane crashes are bad, but not everyone feels the same way about controls on Internet content.    In my ideal world, Internet providers should be competing based on values, not trying to impose some kind of bogus consensus.    Esther Dyson, one of the industry's most respected thinkers, favors the development of PICS as a tool but stresses the importance of choicesand of people taking responsibility for their actions. In the wired world, she says, power is constantly shifting and devolving away from central authorities, and that requires individuals to be less passive: "I want local control,'' she says. "I don't want no control.''    PICS and RSAC have powerful forces behind them and stand a good chance of establishing themselves as part of the mainstream Internet. But there's a natural tendency toward diversity in cyberspace, and it's hard to see how they would become ubiquitous.    If individuals and organizations are vigilant about how ratings are usedi.e., not by governments and not by public institutions such as librariesthere's a chance that they'll remain what they were originally intended to be: one of many means for people to manage the often unmanageable Internet.    Jonathan Weber (Jonathan.Weber at latimes.com) is editor of The Cutting Edge. Jonathan Weber
Jonathan.Weber at latimes.com
Technology Editor
Los Angeles Times

@_date: 1997-08-06 07:51:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft postpones plans to include RSACnews in Explorer 
Inter at ctive Week
August 5, 1997
Microsoft Tables 'News' Rating System For Explorer
By Steven Vonder Haar 1:30 PM EDT
Microsoft Corp. has tabled plans to include new technology in its
Internet Explorer 4.0 browser that would have made "news" oriented
sites exempt from content rating standards promoted for use on the
Officials at leading media companies, including Time Warner Inc. and
Dow Jones & Co., have lobbied industry leaders during the past month
in an effort to generate support for an approach that would exclude
news sites from content rating systems such the one promoted by the
Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC).
The media companies, rallied by the Internet Content Coalition
industry group, contend that the ratings are the equivalent of private
censorship that will eventually cut into freedom of speech rights on
the Internet.
"No one puts a filter over the mailbox to determine whether Time
magazine is appropriate for our audience," said Dan Okrent,
editor-in-chief at Time Inc. New Media. "The same standards should
apply to the Internet."
RSAC's current rating tool is integrated into the current Explorer
browser. It allows parents to block access to content based on RSAC
ratings. Sites that do not carry RSAC ratings also can be blocked.
RSAC recently came up with a "news" category designed to allow display
of news content without suitability ratings for individual stories.
RSAC President C. Dianne Martin said Microsoft is running out of time
to implement the separate designation for news sites before the launch
of the 4.0 version of Explorer later this year. However, the company
plans to include the news designation in the 5.0 version of Explorer
when it is made available, likely sometime next year.
RSAC can be reached at Microsoft can be reached at

@_date: 1997-08-07 03:36:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
Does anyone have a detailed understanding of how cookies work? I've read
Netscape's explanation of the protocol, but I still have some questions.

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:38:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fahrenheit 451.2: Is Cyberspace Burning? -- ACLU on labeling (fwd) 
Cyber-Liberties
                             Fahrenheit 451.2:
                           Is Cyberspace Burning?
                     How Rating and Blocking Proposals
                   May Torch Free Speech on the Internet
     Executive Summary
     Introduction
     Is Cyberspace Burning?
     Free Speech Online: A Victory Under Siege
     Rethinking the Rush to Rate
     Recommendations and Principles
     Six Reasons Why Self-Rating Schemes Are Wrong
     Is Third-Party Rating the Answer?
     The Problems With User-Based Blocking Software in the Home      Why Blocking Software Should Not Be Used by Public Libraries
     Conclusion
     Appendix: Internet Ratings Systems  How Do They Work?
       ______________________________________________________________
     Fahrenheit 451.2: Is Cyberspace Burning?
     How Rating and Blocking Proposals May Torch Free Speech on the
     Internet     Executive Summary
     In the landmark case Reno v. ACLU, the Supreme Court overturned the
     Communications Decency Act, declaring that the Internet deserves
     the same high level of free speech protection afforded to books and
     other printed matter.
     But today, all that we have achieved may now be lost, if not in the
     bright flames of censorship then in the dense smoke of the many
     ratings and blocking schemes promoted by some of the very people
     who fought for freedom.
     The ACLU and others in the cyber-liberties community were genuinely
     alarmed by the tenor of a recent White House summit meeting on
     Internet censorship at which industry leaders pledged to create a
     variety of schemes to regulate and block controversial online
     speech.
     But it was not any one proposal or announcement that caused our
     alarm; rather, it was the failure to examine the longer-term
     implications for the Internet of rating and blocking schemes.
     The White House meeting was clearly the first step away from the
     principle that protection of the electronic word is analogous to
     protection of the printed word. Despite the Supreme Court's strong
     rejection of a broadcast analogy for the Internet, government and
     industry leaders alike are now inching toward the dangerous and
     incorrect position that the Internet is like television, and should
     be rated and censored accordingly.
     Is Cyberspace burning? Not yet, perhaps. But where there's smoke,
     there's fire.
    Conclusion
     The ACLU has always favored providing Internet users, especially
     parents, with more information. We welcomed, for example, the
     American Library Association's announcement at the White House
     summit of The Librarian's Guide to Cyberspace for Parents and Kids,
     a "comprehensive brochure and Web site combining Internet
     terminology, safety tips, site selection advice and more than 50 of
     the most educational and entertaining sites available for children
     on the Internet."
     In Reno v. ACLU, we noted that Federal and state governments are
     already vigorously enforcing existing obscenity, child pornography,
     and child solicitation laws on the Internet. In addition, Internet
     users must affirmatively seek out speech on the Internet; no one is
     caught by surprise.
     In fact, many speakers on the Net provide preliminary information
     about the nature of their speech. The ACLU's site on America
     Online, for example, has a message on its home page announcing that
     the site is a "free speech zone." Many sites offering commercial
     transactions on the Net contain warnings concerning the security of
     Net information. Sites containing sexually explicit material often
     begin with a statement describing the adult nature of the material.
     Chat rooms and newsgroups have names that describe the subject
     being discussed. Even individual e-mail messages contain a subject
     line.
     The preliminary information available on the Internet has several
     important components that distinguish it from all the ratings
     systems discussed above: (1) it is created and provided by the
     speaker; (2) it helps the user decide whether to read any further;
     (3) speakers who choose not to provide such information are not
     penalized; (4) it does not result in the automatic blocking of
     speech by an entity other than the speaker or reader before the
     speech has ever been viewed. Thus, the very nature of the Internet
     reveals why more speech is always a better solution than censorship
     for dealing with speech that someone may find objectionable.
     It is not too late for the Internet community to slowly and
     carefully examine these proposals and to reject those that will
     transform the Internet from a true marketplace of ideas into just
     another mainstream, lifeless medium with content no more exciting
     or diverse than that of television.
     Civil libertarians, human rights organizations, librarians and
     Internet users, speakers and providers all joined together to
     defeat the CDA. We achieved a stunning victory, establishing a
     legal framework that affords the Internet the highest
     constitutional protection. We put a quick end to a fire that was
     all but visible and threatening. The fire next time may be more
     difficult to detect  and extinguish.
    Credits
     The principal authors of this white paper are Ann Beeson and Chris
     Hansen of the ACLU Legal Department and ACLU Associate Director
     Barry Steinhardt. Additional editorial contributions were provided
     by Marjorie Heins of the Legal Department, and Emily Whitfield of
     the Public Education Department. This report was prepared by the
     ACLU Public Education Department: Loren Siegel, Director; Rozella
     Floranz Kennedy, Editorial Manager; Ronald Cianfaglione, Designer.
             Copyright 1997, The American Civil Liberties Union

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:59:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Money magazine on Internet gambling 
A colleague of mine down the hall at Money magazine just stopped by and
asked for help on a Net-gambling story. I think she's interested in the
offshore issues -- but this being Money, I think they're looking for
horror stores as well. (Junior running up a $20,000 tab on Daddy's credit
card. You know the drill.) I already gave her my copy of the July Wired
with Charles Platt's article on FC97, told her about Sen. Kyl's bill, and
gave her the URL to MSNBC's special report.
If anyone wants to give her a call, email me for her phone number.
PS: Thanks to everyone who responded about the digital cash story for
Money earlier this summer. I printed out all the responses I got and
forwarded them along, but the story got killed...

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:17:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
Thanks for the help, folks. This is for an article on privacy I was
working on, and I found the info I needed. For instance, Netscape's
explanation of the protocol left me wondering about whether cookies from
acme.com could be requested by competitor.com.
I ended up talking to some Netscape engineers, who were as puzzled as I
was by where the term "cookie" came from. But I found it in the good ol'
Jargon File...

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:18:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Applied crypto, security guru needed, from Coopers & Lybrand 
[From a CMU computer science department mailing list. --Declan]
---------- Forwarded message ----------

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:19:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Third party rating systems are good for society 
fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu
I'm still wrestling with how to think about third party rating systems in
general and clunky, pejorative systems like RSACi in particular. How to
differentiate the two in principle? Time to reread the ALA's statements
For I think in general, third party rating systems are boons to society. Think of the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval, Underwriter Labs, and
kosher rating agencies. These are socially useful devices, each one of
them. (I'd be interested to hear what similar systems have sprouted in
other countries.) Or, to put it in cypherpunkly terms, marks allow the redistribution of
reputation capital. The Time logo and the Netly News URL on my business
card may boost my reputation when presented to someone who doesn't know
me. An Intel Inside logo may (or may not!) do the same. Even SATs and
GMATs are rating systems of a sort, for they tell a prospective employer
or college something about me. Then there's TRUSTe. Third party rating systems are nothing more than the formalization of
gossip, which has lubricated the social wheels of every society that has
ever existed.
So I suggest one should not oppose third party rating systems in general
but instantiations of these systems in particular. RSACi is certainly one
of those.

@_date: 1997-08-13 09:15:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why the government should protect our privacy 
Declan is absolutely right. Good thing there are no real
privacy officials in the federal government and no privacy
laws for the Internet to get in the way of these efforts.
Has anyone else noticed that the most sweeping proposals
for surveillance are coming from the administration that
has backed the fewest privacy laws of any administration
in 30 years?
Mere coincidence? I don't think so.
Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg at epic.org
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-08-13 23:30:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Leotards and the Law," morphed child porn lawsuit, from Netly 
The Netly News Network (
August 13, 1997
Leotards And The Law
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Take an erotic photo of an adult and alter it in Photoshop to
   look as though he was a minor. Would you be breaking the law? A
   federal judge in San Francisco ruled yesterday you would be, rejecting
   a court challenge to a 1996 law banning computer-generated erotic
   images that "appear" to be of children.
        U.S. District Judge Samuel Conti ruled the adult film industry,
   which brought the suit and argued no simulated minors appear in
   movies, shouldn't feel threatened by the law. "Plaintiffs' products do
   not fall into these categories," he said in a 16-page decision that
   upheld the Child Pornography Prevention Act as constitutional.
   Plaintiffs challenged the law as vague and overbroad, saying it
   "criminalizes forms of expression in violation of the First and Fifth
   Amendments."
        But Conti skirted the more controversial question: What if
   someone did use Photoshop to synthesize images of half-naked children?
   Would that bit-twiddling violate the First Amendment's guarantees of
   freedom of speech? What about an anthropology professor's
   computer-generated movie of the sex play of South Pacific teens?
        "This ruling resolves nothing of consequence," says Eric
   Freedman, a constitutional law professor at Hofstra Law School. "The
   judge never reached the real problems of the statute. That'll have to
   wait for another lawsuit."

@_date: 1997-08-14 08:22:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Responses to "Leotards and the Law," from The Netly News 
NewsHound article from "NEWSPAPERS" hound, score "92."
Law limiting child pornography on >>Internet<< upheldBY HOWARD MINTZ
Mercury News Staff Writer
A San Francisco federal judge has upheld a year-old law aimed at
restricting child pornography in cyberspace, rejecting arguments that it
violates free-speech rights and chills legitimate art and literature.
In a 16-page decision, U.S. District Judge Samuel Conti  on Tuesday found
that the Child Pornography Act of 1996 is constitutional and a valid way to
deal with the ``devastating'' effect of computer-generated kiddie porn ``on
society and the well-being of children.''
``Given the nature of the evils that anti-child pornography laws are
intended to prevent, the (law) can easily be deemed a content-neutral
regulation,'' Conti wrote.
The American Civil Liberties Union, the adult entertainment industry and
others have challenged the constitutionality of the law, saying it is so
broad that it would criminalize everything from Calvin Klein ads to the
recent movie rendition of ``Romeo and Juliet.''

@_date: 1997-08-15 01:42:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: McVeigh to die, quotes Brandeis 
McVeigh sentenced to death; quotes Brandeis about teaching by
AP Photos staffing
By SANDY SHORE
Associated Press Writer
today for the Oklahoma City bombing after he quoted Supreme Court Justice
Louis Brandeis that the government "teaches the whole people by its
he awaited the arrival of U.S. District Judge Richard Matsch, but turned
grim after the death sentence was handed down.
jury-sanctioned verdict.
1928 in a wiretapping case, Olmstead vs. United States. McVeigh said: "He
wrote, "Our government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or
for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example.' That's all I have,
Your Honor."
the government that prosecuted him, in rapid-fire, clipped tones. He did
not plead for his life or admit to any role in the bombing.
as McVeigh made his comments.
reporters, "Don't interpret his words as those of a spokesman or a
judgment to follow through on the jury's verdict." He said he filed a
notice of appeal this morning.

@_date: 1997-08-15 04:01:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton on mandatory voluntary gun locks 
AM-Clinton-Gun Locks,160
Clinton applauds gunmaker for safety locks
Wesson Thursday for the handgun manufacturer's decision to begin
outfitting all its pistols with safety trigger locks.
important and responsible step for children's safety" and said he hoped it
would encourage the Congress to require safety locks on all guns sold.
that all of their handguns would be equipped with a two-piece, keyed lock
starting next month.
purchases, but House and Senate committees rejected the provision when
they put together their anti-crime legislation earlier this year. The
Senate bill must still be voted on by the full chamber when it returns
from the August recess.

@_date: 1997-08-15 04:06:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Text of Clinton's remarks on child safety locks for handguns 
STATEMENT BY THE PRESIDENT
of handguns -- announced that it is forging a partnership with the
Master Lock Company to provide a child safety lock with every handgun
sold for commercial use.  I applaud both of these companies for their
efforts to promote gun safety.
important and responsible step for children's safety.  Child safety
locks are the right thing to do. In 1994, 185 children were killed by
accidental gunshot wounds.  That is why my anti-gang and youth
violence legislation would require that all federally licensed gun
dealers provide such safety devices with every handgun sold.  And
that is why on March 3rd I ordered all federal agencies to provide
child safety locks with the thousands of handguns they issue to
federal law enforcement officers.
enforcement, the medical community, many local governments, and now a
part of the firearms manufacturing industry.  This fall the full
Senate considers the anti-juvenile crime legislation. I hope they
will include the child safety lock as part of the legislation.

@_date: 1997-08-15 04:47:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Not enough phone competition? Answer: regulate more! 
By JEANNINE AVERSA
Associated Press Writer
communications industry, the nation's top telephone regulator asked
lawmakers Thursday for more tools to bring Americans local phone
residential or business consumers," Federal Communications Commission
Chairman Reed Hundt said in a speech to the American Enterprise Institute.
telephone markets and that challenge is not yet being met," he said.
seeking access to local phone networks.
over the telecommunications law.
rules before a single unspecified court.
giving the FCC power to compensate injured parties. The FCC now can order
violators to stop breaking the law and fine offenders.
competition are slated for this fall.
oversees telecommunications policy, said when asked about the proposals,
"I do not think that giving the FCC more authority to regulate is the

@_date: 1997-08-15 05:53:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Morphed" child porn case ruling text (FSC v. Reno) 
[My report is at:                UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
             NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA
THE FREE SPEECH COALITION, et al.,
JANET RENO, et al.,
No. C 97-0281 SC
ORDER RE MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT
FILED AUG 12 1997, Richard W. Wieking, Clerk, U.S. District Court,
Northern District of California
I. INTRODUCTION
Plaintiffs in this action consist of a trade
association that defends First Amendment rights
against censorship, the publisher of a book "dedicated
to the education and expression of the ideals and
philosophy associated with nudism," and individual
artists whose works include nude and erotic
photographs and paintings. Plaintiffs have filed a
pre-enforcement challenge to the constitutionality of
certain provisions of the Child Pornography Prevention
Act of 1996 ("CPPA"), alleging that they are vague,
overbroad, and constitute impermissible
content-specific regulations and prior restraints on
free speech. Both plaintiffs and defendants have moved
for summary judgment.
II. BACKGROUND
Congress has passed several laws(1) in an ongoing
attempt to combat child pornography, the market that
such pornography has created and maintained, and the
harms that such pornography wreaks on children's
physical, psychological, emotional, and mental health.
S. Rep. No. 104-358, at 8 (1996) ("Sen. Rep."). The
most recent of these laws was passed in 1996, and was
enacted specifically to combat the use of computer
technology to produce pornography that conveys the
impression that children were used in the photographs
or images. In passing the legislation, Congress
recognized that the dangers of child pornography are
not limited to its effect on the children actually
used in the pornography. Additionally, child
pornography "stimulates the sexual appetites and
encourages the activities of child molesters and
pedophiles, who use it to feed their sexual
fantasies." Sen. Rep. At 12. Child pornography is also
used by child molesters and pedophiles "as a device to
break down the resistance and inhibitions of their
victims or targets of molestation, especially when
these are children." Id. at 13. "A child who may be
reluctant to engage in sexual activity with an adult,
or to pose for sexually explicit photos, can sometimes
be persuaded to do so by viewing depictions of other
children participating in such activity." Id.
Congress recognized that computer technology is
capable of "alter[ing] perfectly innocent pictures of
children. . . to create visual depictions of those
children engaging in any imaginable form of sexual
conduct." Id. at 15. These computer-generated pictures
are often indistinguishable from photographic images
of actual children. "Computer generated images which
appear to depict minors engaging in sexually explicit
conduct are just as dangerous to the well-being of. .
. children as material using actual children." Id. at
19. Thus, Congress passed the 1996 Act in order to
prevent the effects that such computer-generated
images might have, even if no children were actually
used in the creation of the images.  Specifically, the CPPA defines child pornography as:
any visual depiction, including any photograph, film,
video, picture, or computer or computer-generated
image or picture, whether made or produced by
electronic, mechanical, or other means, of sexually
explicit conduct, where -- (A) the production of such
visual depiction involves the use of a minor engaging
in sexually explicit conduct; (B) such visual
depiction is, or appears to be, of a minor engaging in
sexually explicit conduct; (C) such visual depiction
has been created, adapted, or modified to appear that
such an identifiable minor is engaging in sexually
explicit conduct; or (D) such visual depiction is
advertised, promoted, presented, described, or
distributed in such a manner that conveys the
impression that the material is or contains a visual
depiction of a minor engaging in sexually explicit
conduct. . . .
18 U.S.C. 2256(8).
The CPPA goes on the define "sexually explicit
conduct" as actual or simulated:
(A) sexual intercourse, including genital-genital,
oral-genital, anal-genital, or oral-anal, whether
between persons of the same or opposite sex; (B)
bestiality; (C) masturbation; (D) sadistic or
masochistic abuse; or (E) lascivious exhibition of the
genitals or pubic area of any person.
18 U.S.C. 2256(2).
The CPPA also provides an affirmative defense for
violations of the Act if:  (1) the alleged child pornography was produced using
an actual person or persons engaging in sexually
explicit conduct; (2) each such person was an adult at
the time the material was produced; and (3) the
defendant did not advertise, promote, present,
describe, or distribute the material in such a manner
as to convey the impression that it is or contains a
visual depiction of a minor engaging in sexually
explicit conduct.
18 U.S.C. 2252A(c).
Plaintiffs contend that the CPPA "sweeps within its
purview materials that involve no actual children and
that traditionally and logically have never been
considered to be child pornography." Pls.' Mem in
Supp. Of Mot. For Summ. Judg. at 3. They argue that
the CPPA, by prohibiting images that appear to be of
children, actually criminalizes the production and
sale of legitimate works that include images that look
like children, but that in reality were made using
adults, not children. They allege that the CPPA's "use
of overbroad and vague language criminalizes forms of
expression in violation of the First and Fifth
Amendments." Pls.' Mem. in Supp. of Mot. for Summ.
Judg. at 4.
III. LEGAL ANALYSIS
A. Standing
Defendants first argue that plaintiffs do not have
standing to bring a claim in this Court, as they have
not suffered "actual or threatened injury as a result
of the putatively illegal conduct of the defendant."
Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans United for
Separation of Church and State, Inc., 454 U.S. 464,
472 (1982). Defendants contend that plaintiffs'
activities fall squarely within the affirmative
defense set out in 18 U.S.C. 2252A(c), as plaintiffs
have admitted that their works involve the depiction
only of non-minors(2) and that they do not market
their works as child pornography.(3)
Plaintiffs counter that they have indeed been injured
by the CPPA, as plaintiffs have, in some cases,
discontinued the production, distribution, and
possession of the certain materials for fear of
prosecution under the CPPA. The CPPA, therefore, has
had a chilling effect on their speech which is
sufficient to constitute standing. See, e.g., San
Diego County Gun Rights Committee v. Reno, 98 F.3d
1121, 1129 (9th Cir. 1996)(holding that a chilling
effect on speech is a sufficient basis to establish
standing in overbreadth facial challenges to
government actions involving free speech); Stoianoff
v. Montana, 695 F.2d 1214, 1223 (9th Cir. 1983).
Furthermore, plaintiffs contend that they have
standing to bring their suit because the affirmative
defense set out in 18 U.S.C. 2252A(c) does not protect
consumers and distributors who possess the potentially
illegal materials but who are not involved in the
production of sexually explicit materials, and who
therefore have no way of knowing whether or not the
persons depicted are real and are not minors.
Plaintiffs have set forth affidavits of businesses and
individuals engaged in distributing, selling, or
renting sexually explicit materials who have withheld
or stopped distributing certain of plaintiffs'
products that plaintiffs argue should fit within the
statutory defense, out of fear that they will be
prosecuted under the CPPA for possession of the
materials. Plaintiffs are no longer marketing or
sending those products to its distributors. See
Virginia v. Am. Booksellers Ass'n., Inc., 484 U.S.
383, 393 (1988)(harm resulting from speech regulation
may be one of self-censorship).
The Court finds that plaintiffs' allegations are
sufficient to establish the requisite standing to
bring their claims before the Court.
B. Standard of Review
In evaluating the constitutionality of legislation
that infringes free speech under the First Amendment,
the Supreme Court has identified the appropriate
criteria by which the language of the act and the
purposes underlying the passage of the act shall be
judged. "[T]he government may impose reasonable
restrictions on the time, place, or manner of
protected speech, provided the restrictions are
justified without reference to the content of the
regulated speech, that they are narrowly tailored to
serve a significant governmental interest, and that
they leave open ample alternative channels for
communication of the information." Ward v. Rock
Against Racism, 491 U.S. 781, 791, reh'g denied, 492
U.S. 937 (1989)(internal quotations omitted).
In order to determine whether a regulation is
content-neutral, "the principal inquiry. . . is
whether the government has adopted a regulation of
speech because of disagreement with the message it
conveys." Id. A "regulation that serves purposes
unrelated to the content of expression is deemed
neutral, even if it has an incidental effect on some
speakers or messages but not others." Id.; see also
City of Renton v. Playtime Theaters, Inc., 475 U.S.
41, 47-48, reh'g denied 475 U.S. 1132 (1986)(upholding
ordinance prohibiting adult motion picture theaters
within 1,000 feet of residential zones, churches,
parks, or schools on basis that regulation was
content-neutral because it was aimed at the secondary
effects of such theaters on the surrounding
community). If it can be shown that the regulation is
justified without reference to the content of the
speech, then it is deemed content-neutral. Renton, 475
U.S. at 48.
The contested provisions of the CPPA are
content-neutral regulations. They have clearly been
passed in order to prevent the secondary effects of
the child pornography industry, including the
exploitation and degradation of children and the
encouragement of pedophilia and molestation of
children. Furthermore, the Supreme Court has afforded
"greater leeway" to regulations of child pornography.
New York v. Ferber, 458 U.S. 747, 756 (1982). The
Supreme Court has "sustained legislation aimed at
protecting the physical and well-being of youth even
when the laws have operated in the sensitive area of
constitutionally protected rights." Id. at 757. Given
the nature of the evils that anti-child pornography
laws are intended to prevent, the CPPA can easily be
deemed a content-neutral regulation. For even if no
children are involved in the production of sexually
explicit materials, the devastating secondary effect
that such materials have on society and the well-being
of children merits the regulation of such images.
Plaintiffs' contention that the CPPA is
content-specific is unpersuasive. They claim that the
terms of the CPPA clearly target materials that convey
certain ideas to their viewers. The Court finds that
the CPPA is designed to counteract the effect that
such materials has on its viewers, on children, and to
society as a whole, and is not intended to regulate or
outlaw the ideas themselves. If child pornography is
targeted by the regulation, it is due to the effect of
the pornography on innocent children, not to the
nature of the materials themselves, especially if that
pornography contains computer-generated images of
children. See, e.g., Am. Library Ass'n v. Reno, 33
F.3d 78, 86 (D.C. Cir. 1994)(legislation requiring
producers of sexually explicit material to document
the names and ages of the persons portrayed was
content-neutral, as it was intended "not to regulate
the content of sexually explicit materials, but to
protect children by deterring the production and
distribution of child pornography"); Chesapeake B&M
Inc., v. Hartford County, 58 F.3d 1005, 1010 (4th
Cir.), cert denied, 116 S.Ct. 567 (1995).
According to the Supreme Court, "[a] content-neutral
regulation will be sustained under the First Amendment
if it advances important governmental interests
unrelated to the suppression of free speech and does
not burden substantially more speech than necessary to
further those interests." Turner Broadcasting Sys.,
Inc. v. Fed. Communications Comm'n, 117 S.Ct. 1174,
1186 (1997).
The CPPA clearly advances important and compelling
government interests: the protection of children from
the harms brought on by child pornography and the
industry that such pornography has created. It is
beyond debate that the protection of children from
sexual exploitation is an important governmental
interest; indeed, the Supreme Court has deemed the
protection of the physical and psychological
well-being of minors to be a "compelling" interest.
Ferber, 458 U.S. at 756-7; see also Sen. Rep. At 9
(There is a "compelling governmental interest [in
prohibiting] all forms of child pornography.")
Furthermore, the CPPA burdens no more speech than
necessary in order to protect children from the harms
of child pornography. As stated aforesaid, the CPPA
specifically defines "sexually explicit conduct" as
"sexual intercourse, including genital-genital,
oral-genital, anal-genital, or oral-anal, whether
between persons of the same or opposite sex;
bestiality; masturbation; sadistic or masochistic
abuse; or lascivious exhibition of the genitals or
pubic area of any person." 18 U.S.C. 2256(2). It also
defines "child pornography" as any visual depiction of
sexually explicit conduct where the production
involves the actual use of minors engaging in such
conduct, the depiction is or appears to be of a minor
engaging in such conduct, the depiction has been
created, adapted, or modified to appear that a minor
is engaging in such conduct, or the depiction is
advertised, presented or promoted in such a way as to
convey the impression that minor is engaging in such
conduct. 18 U.S.C. 2256(8). Although there may be a
degree of ambiguity in the phrase "appears to be a
minor," any ambiguity regarding whether a particular
person depicted in a particular work appears to be
over the age of eighteen can be resolved by examining
whether the work was marketed and advertised as child
pornography. Given that the goal of the CPPA is to
prevent the digital manipulation of images to create
child pornography even when no children were actually
used in the production of the material, the CPPA meets
that goal by regulating the narrowest range of
materials that might fall within the targeted category
and including an explicit definition of the prohibited
conduct. Congress certainly intended to exclude from
the CPPA's reach materials that do not involve the
actual or apparent depiction of children: "[The CPPA]
does not, and is not intended to, apply to a depiction
produced using adults engaging in sexually explicit
conduct, even where a depicted individual may appear
to be a minor." Sen. Rep. At 21.
The affirmative defense laid out in 18 U.S.C. 2252A(c)
limits even further the scope of the CPPA by removing
from the range of criminal behavior the exact type of
activity in which plaintiffs claim to engage.
Plaintiffs contend that their works do not involve
actual children, and that their works are not marketed
or advertised as works featuring sexually explicit
conduct by children. Their behavior, then, falls
squarely within the category specifically set out by
Congress as beyond the scope of the CPPA. The Court
finds that the incidental harms laid out by the
plaintiffs as support for their assertion of standing
in this action do not amount to the CPPA's regulating
"substantially more speech than necessary to further"
the goal of preventing the dangers of child
molestation and pedophilia.(4) See Pls.' Opp. to
Defs.' Mot. for Summ. Judg. at 7-8. Although the
effects of a content-neutral speech regulation may be
substantial, if they are incidental and largely
unavoidable, they will pass constitutional muster. Am.
Library Ass'n. v. Reno, 33 F.3d at 87-8. Also, "[t]he
mere assertion of some possible self-censorship
resulting from a statute is not enough to render an
antiobscenity law unconstitutional." Fort Wayne Books,
Inc. v. Indiana 489 U.S. 46, 60 (1989). The contested
provisions of the CPPA survive the intermediate
scrutiny set forth by the Supreme Court for
content-neutral regulations.
The instant case is quite similar to that which the
Supreme Court confronted in New York v. Ferber, 458
U.S. 747 (1982). In Ferber, the Court upheld a New
York statute that prohibited person from knowingly
promoting a sexual performance by a child under the
age of 16 by distributing material which depicts such
a performance. The Court concluded that the statute
did not violate the First Amendment. According to the
Court, the unprotected nature of the works involved
permitted the state to prohibit the particular
category of works from distribution, especially given
the compelling state interest in protecting children
from the harms of child pornography. 458 U.S. at 765.
The final inquiry this Court must make is whether the
regulations leave open alternative channels for
communication of the information at issue. Defendants
contend that "plaintiffs are free to communicate any
substantive message they desire, through any medium
they desire, as long as they are not depicting actual
or computer-generated children engaged in sexually
explicit conduct." Defs.' Mem. In Supp. of Mot. for
Summ. Judg. at 20. The Court finds this argument
persuasive. Because plaintiffs allege that their
materials are not produced using minor children, and
that they do not market their materials so as to
suggest that they are child pornography or to exploit
the sexual qualities of the work as child pornography,
plaintiffs should have no trouble conforming their
activities to fit within the confines of the text of
the CPPA or to escape the reach of the law altogether.
C. Overbreadth and Vagueness
Plaintiffs contend that the CPPA is unconstitutionally
overbroad and vague. First, regulations that prohibit
constitutionally protected speech as well as activity
that can legitimately be prohibited are considered to
be overbroad. Thornhill v. Alabama, 310 U.S. 88, 97
(1940). Plaintiffs base their overbreadth argument on
the assertion that the CPPA "impermissibly suppresses
material that is protected under the First Amendment"
by defining child pornography as including visual
depictions of adults that appear to be minors. Pls.'
Mem. In Supp. of Mot. for Summ. Judg. at 12. In doing
so, plaintiffs argue, the CPPA "bans a wide array of
sexually-explicit, non-obscene material that has
serious literary, artistic, political, and scientific
value." Pls.' Mem. in Supp. of Mot. for Summ. Judg. at
13. Finally, plaintiffs cite the Supreme Court's
recent ruling in Reno v. ACLU that the governmental
interest in protecting children "does not justify an
unnecessarily broad suppression of speech addressed to
adults." 1997 U.S. LEXIS 4037 at *54 (striking as
unconstitutional two provisions of the Communications
Decency Act of 1996 that prevent the transmission of
"indecent" and "patently offensive" materials over the
The Court finds that the CPPA is not overbroad. It
specifies that only materials that do not use adults
and that appear to be child pornography, even if they
are digitally produced, are prohibited. By plaintiffs'
own admission, plaintiffs' products do not fall into
these categories and are also exempt under the CPPA's
affirmative defense provisions. It is highly unlikely
that the types of valuable works plaintiffs fear will
be outlawed under the CPPA -- depictions used by the
medical profession to treat adolescent disorders,
adaptations of sexual works like "Romeo and Juliet,"
and artistically-valued drawings and sketches of young
adults engaging in passionate behavior -- will be
treated as "criminal contraband." As long as a work
does not depict children, or what appears to be
children, engaged in sexually explicit conduct as
defined by the statute, and the work is not marketed
as child pornography or in such a way that exploits
its sexual nature as child pornography, then there is
no likelihood that the work will be prohibited by the
CPPA. The CPPA is not overbroad because it prohibits
only those works necessary to prevent the secondary
pernicious effects of child pornography from reaching
Plaintiffs contend that the CPPA is also
unconstitutionally vague because it does not give a
person of ordinary intelligence a reasonable
opportunity to know what is prohibited so that he may
act accordingly. Grayned v. City of Rockford 408 U.S.
104, 108 (1972). However, the CPPA does exactly what
the Supreme Court has required of child pornography
legislation as set out in Ferber: it must (1)
adequately define the prohibited conduct; (2) be
limited to visual depictions of children below a
specific age; and (3) suitably limit and describe the
category of forbidden "sexual conduct." 458 U.S. at
764. The CPPA clearly and specifically defines the
prohibited conduct as the depiction of children
engaged in sexually explicit conduct. It is limited to
visual depictions of minors, but simply redefines the
term "depiction" to include images of children that
were produced using computers or other artificial
means. Finally, it suitably limits and describes the
category of forbidden conduct. As long as the person
portrayed in the work is an adult, and the work is not
marketed or advertised as child pornography and does
not convey the impression that it is child
pornography, then the CPPA's affirmative defense
applies and removes the work from the scope of its
provisions. The Court finds that the CPPA is not
unconstitutionally vague, as it gives sufficient
guidance to a person of reasonable intelligence as to
what it prohibits.(5)
D. Prior Restraint
Plaintiffs contend that the CPPA imposes a prior
restraint on speech by enacting a complete ban on
material that contains sexually-explicit depictions of
adults who appear to be minors and by chilling the
expression of "artists, photographers, film makers,
publishers, and merchants" by preventing them from
disseminating such depictions. Plaintiffs also contend
that the CPPA places unbridled discretion in the hands
of government officials and deals an unnecessarily
severe punishment for an incorrect determination of
whether or not an adult appears to be a minor. The
Court agrees with defendants that the CPPA neither
completely bans depictions of adults who appear to be
minors nor punishes producers or distributors who
create works in which adults appear who might be
mistaken as minors. Indeed, the affirmative defense
laid out in 18 U.S.C. 2252A(c) clearly permits the use
of adults, even if they look like minors, as long as
the works in which they appear are not marketed as
child pornography. In addition "[n]o government
official is vested with authority to permit or deny
plaintiffs the right to produce these works, and thus
the [CPPA] imposes no unconstitutional prior restraint
on speech." Defs.' Opp. to Pls.' Mot. for Summ. Judg.
at 17-18. The CPPA represents no more of a prior
restraint on speech than the New York statute at issue
in Ferber, and the CPPA comes within the rationale of
the Supreme Court's holding in that case. Because the
CPPA does not require advance approval for production
or distribution of adult pornography that does not use
minors, and does not effect a complete ban on
constitutionally protected material, it does not
constitute an improper prior restraint on speech.
IV. CONCLUSION
Therefore, this court finds that the CPPA meets
constitutional standards and is therefore
constitutional as written. For the foregoing reasons,
plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment is hereby
DENIED. Defendant's motion for judgment on the
pleadings is GRANTED.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
Dated: August 12, 1997.
1 See Am. Library Ass'n v. Barr 956 F.2d 1178, 1181-85
(D.C. Cir. 1992) for a discussion of the history of
national anti-child pornography legislation.
2 Pls.' Opp. to Defs.' Mot. for Summ. Judg. at 1.
3 Defendants also contend that plaintiffs lack
standing because, in their complaint, plaintiffs
allege that they do not produce the type of
"hard-core" sexual images that would be subject to
regulation by the CPPA. As a result, defendants argue,
plaintiffs cannot demonstrate a real and immediate
threat of injury and therefore cannot bring this
claim. See Barr, 956 F.2d at 1187. The Court rejects
this argument. The parameters of pornography are
difficult to define, and dismissing plaintiffs' claims
for lack of standing is not appropriate in this case,
given the variety of the plaintiffs' products.
4 These incidental harms include the depiction of
images created within the imagination of the artist.
If the images depicted are of children, albeit
imaginary ones, and not of actual adults or imaginary
people who unequivocally appear to be adults, then the
evils associated with child pornography cannot be
5 For examples of other cases that have upheld
similarly worded child pornography statutes against
vagueness challenges, see, e.g., U.S. v. Smith, 795
F.2d 841 (9th Cir. 1986), cert. denied, 481 U.S. 1032
(1987); U.S. v. Lamb, 945 F. Supp. 441 (N.D.N.Y.
1996).    Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-08-15 06:58:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: McVeigh on McVeigh 
McVeigh sent to U.S. District Judge Richard Matsch, released Thursday:
responsible for assigning my appellate attorneys.
and difficulties I have had with my appointed counsel in the past. With
this letter I do not waive anything with respect to those concerns - but
if I have any voice in who represents me on appeal, I would prefer Richard
Burr, Randall Coyne, and Robert Nigh, Jr.
Richard Burr and Robert Nigh, Jr. be appointed as co-appellate counsel and
that Randall Coyne be authorized to assist Richard Burr.

@_date: 1997-08-21 23:21:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Time Magazine cover story on privacy 
Check out this week's Time Magazine for our cover story on online privacy,
written by Joshua Quittner with reporting by folks including Noah
Robischon and yours truly. A Time Magazine/Netly News special report on privacy, including the
magazine articles and back Netly stories is at:   A Time/AllPolitics bulletin board discussion on privacy is at:

@_date: 1997-08-21 23:34:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Response to Time cover on privacy 
My view is that many so-called "privacy" proposals are in fact
censorship in disguise. Society traditionally has allowed
people to share information about each other //without//
requiring that the speaker seek permission from a third party
first. This is a good thing: otherwise, journalists would go
out of business. Reporters -- as long as they don't violate
common law rights like copyright and defamation -- legally sell
personal information about individuals, for profit, all the
time. (I've written elsewhere how gossip plays a useful role in
every society and is not strictly regulated.)
We should extend these same principles and free speech
protections to the online world. Yet enemies of freedom argue
that as our society becomes more digital, we no longer deserve
some of the liberties we have enjoyed in more mundane times.
Such arguments led to the diluted free speech protections of
radio and TV broadcasting and the passage of the Communications
Decency Act.
Now we're hearing similar calls for abridged electronic
freedoms in the name of preserving them. Some have argued that
private firms sharing information about individuals, or
recording information your web browser supplies, are such a
threat to society that new laws are needed to restrict their
actions and muzzle their speech. And, of course, a new Federal
Privacy Commission!
This schizophrenic approach means trusting the federal
government to shield our privacy -- even though the same people
are engaged in an increasingly fierce attack on it. (It also
ignores the very real differences between government collection
and use of databases compared to private ones.) Bill Clinton is
the Clipper Chip president, the Digital Telephony guy. His
administration's bureaucrats fight harder to maintain crypto
export controls than any other. Then there's last year's
anti-terrorism bill, the push for roving and multipoint
wiretaps, and the FBI's itch to ban nonescrowed domestic
crypto. Let's not forget the administration's quest for
enormous voracious databanks that will be tied together --
airport security, travel records, national ID cards.
These bureaucrats are supposed to protect our privacy?
This is the same president whose policies ACLU legislative
counsel Don Haines decries as "the Clinton-Gore effort to
hardwire Big Brother into the information age." The ACLU even
boycotted the June FTC conference, calling it a sham that
wouldn't lead to any substantive "privacy protection" rules.
THESE bureaucrats are supposed to protect our privacy?
I have, I suppose, two more objections to a privacy agency.
First, it would be a likely beachhead for those who would
restrict free speech in the name of privacy. Second, who would
be on this commission? Prof. Westin, whose positions you
criticize? The DMA? Could we expect such an anti-privacy
president as Clinton to appoint anyone who would do a
reasonable job of reining in the Justice Department and other
police agencies? Such an office is far more likely to serve as
a front for anti-privacy forces inside the administration, much
as NIST may front for NSA. In fact, a privacy agency may well
bad bill, that endorsement will make it more difficult for
others to criticize the measure.
As for governments with privacy agencies, you hold up the
example of some European countries. But these same countries
have unjust policies that restrict free speech in the name of
protecting privacy. That's hardly a tradeoff I can accept.
Our modern "right to privacy" is a relatively recent invention
in the U.S. Many privacy rights mostly date from an influential
1890 law review article co-authored by soon-to-be Justice
Brandeis. In it, Brandeis and Warren argued that newspapers
went too far and printed offensive information. But absent from
their analysis was any consideration of how creating new rights
to restrict the press would restrict free speech.
Brandeis and Warren wanted to create a new property right in
personal information. But this position is no more
philosophically coherent -- and consistent with the principles
of a free society -- than would be a rule establishing a
"property right" in information about your appearance. (Then,
presumably, if someone were to talk about you behind your back --
even if the gossipmongering were true! -- you could sue.) Not to
mention that it's directly opposed to traditional views of
property rights.
Don't get me wrong: the government has an important place in
society. The state should provide such vital functions as law,
police, and courts. Criticisms of a new federal agency are
hardly based on opposition to government in principle. You're
thinking about anarchism, which I don't support. (Locke had it
right: There can be no liberty without law.)
Sure, I'm not overjoyed by the databasification of American
society. I feel uneasy about Equifax and TRW-type databases. I
abhor Safeway's discount card program that links my identity
with my shopping habits. But just as I detest holocaust
deniers, NAMBLA supporters, and homophobes, I recognize they
have a right to speak. So, generally, does Safeway have a right
to enact anti-privacy policies.
Transactional privacy is not a right but a preference. For
example, free speech is a right that strictly limits the
government's ability to control what you say. We must demand a
similar right of privacy from the government. But I give up my
free speech "rights" when I voluntarily attend a college with a
wacky speech code or go to work at a company with strict
workplace speech policies. Similarly, I give up my privacy
"rights" when I voluntarily go to unknown web sites, apply to
rent an apartment where a credit check is required, or post to
Usenet, etc. I have no general "right" to bar others from
sharing informtion about me, even if it's behind my back. (To
invent such a "right" would violate their free speech rights.)
If consumers //want// privacy -- and I believe they do -- then
they'll turn to businesses that provide and protect it. Perhaps
I'll take my business from Safeway to Giant since I can get a
discount card without giving my true name. In this way privacy
becomes one of the many factors -- along with quality of
merchandise, reliability, and price -- that consumers consider
when they enter into a transaction. In other words: privacy can
be protected by contract and common law. Advocacy groups are
particularly well-poised to educate individuals and raise
consciousness. Privacy flareups like Lexis-Nexis, AOL, and UPS
have shown it's possible. Companies often will react to a
public outcry by changing policies.
If they don't, then privacy-sensitive customers will respond,
and the market will remedy its own problems -- without the
intervention of bureaucrats or federal privacy agencies.

@_date: 1997-08-23 05:31:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Marc Rotenberg on Time cover story on privacy (fwd) 
Josh -
I appreciate the excellent coverage of privacy issues in this
week's Time Magazine and at the Pathfinder site, but I am
concerned about three particular points made in your
article and the general tenor of your reporting.
First, much of your discussion of the privacy issue assumes
that there is a necessary trade-off between privacy and
social benefit. Give up some data, get a good parking space.
I think this is a very shallow view of privacy rights. A
person who lives in a prison has very little privacy and
very little benefit. An affluent person in a democratic
society, however, may have both. Clearly, there is something
more going on than a zero-sum game.
Many of the current efforts to promote genuine privacy
enhancing techniques, such as anonymous cash, are based on
the belief that we can obtain many of the same benefits
of customized service without giving up personally
indentifiable information. In this context, the
discussion of cookies is critical -- a non-actual
user identified cookie is very good for service and
privacy, but a user-identified cookie can be good
for service but bad for privacy. But your discussion
of cookies glosses over this critical point.
These questions come up all the time. Should intelligent
highways capture actual IDs? Can medical services be
delivered psuedo-anonymously? What about communication
services? Web access? You substituted an old privacy
cliche ("in the modern world we give up some privacy
for some benefit") for coverage of the interesting,
cutting edge policy issues that the net and the
debate about identity has raised.
Second, following Alan Westin's line, you suggest that
we have generally avoided privacy legislation in the private
sector. This is simply not true. We have federal privacy
legislation for credit record (1970), school records
(1974), bank records (1978), cable subscriber records
(1984), stored email (1986), video rental records (1988),
junk faxes and auto dialers (1991), and dozens more at
the state level for everything from insurance and health
records to library records.
You can say that these laws are at times ineffective or
incoherent -- why federal privacy for video records
but nor medical records? -- but it is just wrong to start
tearing pages from the history books and the US code
to support a bias against privacy laws. Alan should know
better; you should as well.
Finally, you and Kevin K. take a big swing at my call for
privacy legislation and a privacy agency. I appreciate that
it is a cardinal rule of some to oppose any government
anything, but at least understand the argument for the
privacy agency
  "We need new legal protections to enforce the privacy act, . . ."
The Privacy Act was established in 1974 to restrict the
ability of government to collect information on citizens
and to give citizens the right to get access to their
own files. But since '74, federal agencies have shown
little interest in upholding the law and privacy
concerns *across the federal government* have
Do I take from Kevin's criticism that he would prefer
that there was no effort to improve enforcment of the
Privacy Act, limit record sharing in the government,
and ensure people get access to their own files? Is
that right?
Can we at least agree that the Privacy Act plays
an important role in protecting citizen rights and
that efforts to strengthen it should be supported?
  " . . . to keep federal agencies in line, . . .'
So that, for example, when law enforcement agencies in
the federal government press the White House and the
OMB for new law enforcement authority there is a
counterveiling agency in the government that requires
that privacy concerns are addressed before the proposal
reaches the President's desk. And if they aren't
adequately addressed, maybe the proposal doesn't
get to the President's desk.
It is obvious after both the Clipper episode and the OECD
Crypto Guidelines that governments with privacy agencys
have done a better job resisting these calls for
extended government surveillance. The problem is that
the one-dimensional critique of government provided in the
article (and Wired and Netly) simply doesn't allow for the
possibility that one of the best ways to constrain government
power is through checks and balances. That, btw, was the key to
controlling government authority in the US Constitution.
In the absence of a federal privacy agency, you can
almost be guaranteed that administration proposals
will always tip in favor of surveillance. And
the irony of the opposition by some to a federal
privacy agency is that it has made it easier over the
last few years for NSA/FBI to push forward crypto
standards and roll the Department of Commerce. What in
the federal government should stop them? Absent an
office to push back, they have a clear course to the
President's desk.
  " . . . to act as a spokesperson for the Federal Government . . ."
This is for the fairly obvious reason that privacy is one
of the biggest issues today in the US and there is no
office in government that can even say authoritatively
what the position of the US is. (Note that this problem
doesn't exist over on the surveillance side or with
copyright protection. The government values both. So David
Aaron was given the title and the authority to promote
the Administration position on key escrow/key recovery,
and Bruce Lehman did the same at WIPO for copyrights
interests. Do you understand now what's going on?).
The result is that there is not even a basis for
trade discussion or government negotiation.
 . . . and to act on behalf of privacy interests."
So that when SSA is putting PEBES on line there is
some privacy evaluation.
Or, to take a recent European example, the new German
communications law encourages the development of
anonymous payment schemes to promote on-line commerce
and to protect privacy. Where did the idea come
from? The privacy agency.
So, I have to ask, what is it exactly in my proposal that
you/Kevin/Declan object to? Is it the fact that there
will be a government ? I can't argue against
that. You're entitled to your religious beliefs, but it
has nothing to do with reporting or policy. Is it
the fact that Trustee, OPS will do all of this better?
If you have been following my point, you'll realize now
that doesn't make any sense. Or what if it costs taxpayer
dollars? In 1993 I backed creation of a federal privacy
agency. Total cost: $5 m.  The industry balked. "Too expensive.
We have to trim the federal budget." The following year they
backed Digital Telephony and a $500 m authorization
to make the phone system easy to wiretap.
I am also getting a little tired of the myth of the small
town where everyone knew everything about everyone else and
that there was no privacy. First off, this myth runs directly
contrary to another, better description of American society

@_date: 1997-08-25 19:40:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Commerce Department encryption rules declared unconstitutional 
A Federal judge in San Francisco ruled today that the Commerce
Department's export controls on encryption products violate the
First Amendment's guarantees of freedom of speech.
In a 35-page decision, U.S. District Judge Marilyn Patel said the
Clinton administration's rules violate "the First Amendment on the
grounds of prior restraint and are, therefore, unconstitutional."
Patel reaffirmed her December 1996 decision against the State
Department regulations, saying that the newer Commerce Department
rules suffer from similar constitutional infirmities.
Patel barred the government from "threatening, detaining,
prosecuting, discouraging, or otherwise interfering with" anyone
"who uses, discusses, or publishes or seeks to use, discuss or
publish plaintiff's encryption programs and related materials."
Daniel Bernstein, now a math professor at the University of
Illinois, filed the lawsuit with the help of the Electronic
Frontier Foundation.
Patel dismissed the State, Energy, and Justice departments and
CIA as defendants. President Clinton transferred jurisdiction over
encryption exports from the State to the Commerce department on
December 30, 1996.
The Justice Department seems likely to appeal the ruling to the
Ninth Circuit, which could rule on the case in the near future.
More info:

@_date: 1997-08-26 07:22:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Commerce Department encryption rules declared   unconstitutional 
This is from memory, and I'm on vacation so I don't have my notes here... But didn't Peter originally attempt a facial challenge, but the judge
questioned whether he had standing? Then he changed tactics to follow
Bernstein/Karn more closely and //not// mount a facial challenge...

@_date: 1997-08-26 23:10:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Content Coal. bars press from "news rating" mtg on 8/28 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Does anyone besides me find it both humorous and sad that this week's
meeting of the Internet Content Coalition, during which it will likely
discuss its proposal to rate or label which websites offer 'news', will be
closed to the press?
Does no one else find an unfortunate irony that editorial organizations
such as MSNBC, CMP, Playboy, AdWeek, and C/NET are meeting behind closed
doors to discuss their proposal about why or how to label or rate which
websites are deemed to offer 'news'?
After all, why bother discussing a controversial issue in public, in the
light of day? Why should these editorial organizations live by the standard
with which they judge others?
Would they object if other groups or bodies were barring them from
reporting on a meeting to discuss a proposal to rate or label whether they
offer 'news' content? I think so.
manager of
quotes Editor & Publisher magazine's website.
Yes, I'm sure that ICC members will feel more free to discuss controversial
issues if their meeting is closed to the press. Meetings that are closed to
the press are often run more efficiently and can reach concensus more
quickly. Just ask any government official, bureaucrat, corporate or special
interest executive, or dictator. They'll verify these practical advantages
for keeping press out.
I realize that the ICC is a private organization. It can do what it wants,
including barring the press. But isn't it funny how the 'news'
organizations involved plan to bar other 'news' organization so that they
can discuss whether or not to deem who offers 'news'?
Shame on all involved.
Vin Crosbie                              crosbie at well.com

@_date: 1997-08-27 01:18:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stewart Baker on Bernstein encryption decision (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
John is entitled to brag about the Bernstein decision, but getting the Department of State to "RWA" all of its pending license applications is nothing to brag about.  It cost a lot of companies a lot of money, time, and sales while
they resubmitted the same applications to the Commerce Department.  I said at the time that State's advice to crypto exporters in those last few weeks was "Get your tongue out of my mouth, I'm kissing you good-bye."  Perhaps the cause of this action was the lawsuit, perhaps it was spite at the crypto exporters who lobbied for a change in jurisdiction, but whatever the cause, it was not a good thing for anybody who is actually in the crypto ______________________________ Reply Separator _________________________________

@_date: 1997-08-27 05:19:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS PARTY -- invite to party in DC on September 6 
You are cordially invited to a DC cypherpunk working meeting and
patent expiration party on September 6.
On Saturday, September 6, the patent on the Diffie-Hellman public
key cryptography system expires. Along with the Merkle-Hellman
patent (which expires on October 6), this patent is key to the
future of public key crypto. Now programmers can write strong
encryption software without worrying about patent licensing.
But the expiration of the patents doesn't guarantee the future of
strong cryptography. Proposed laws could restrict its use. So the
party has two portions:

@_date: 1997-08-28 06:56:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Government to seek stay in Bernstein case 
Hi all,
Just talked to Mr. Coppolino at the Justice Department.  They are filing ex
parte emergency stay papers tonight or tomorrow morning to try to stay the
impact of Judge Patel's ruling pending appeal.  He'll be faxing me the
documents when they are ready.
************************ Cindy A. Cohn                                                               McGlashan & Sarrail, P. C.
177 Bovet Road, 6th Floor                                            San Mateo, CA  94402
(415) 341-2585 (tel)
(415)341-1395 (fax)
Cindy at McGlashan.com

@_date: 1997-08-28 06:58:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Trademark lawsuit over key words in web pages 
This is a fascinating lawsuit. Might keywords in web pages -- inserted
like tasty morsels to attract hungry scavenger robots -- violate the law? Has trademark law become so broad that it violates long-held principles of
free expression? What if my web page criticizes, say, Microsoft's
alliance with Apple -- am I allowed to include "Microsoft sucks" as
keywords? Certainly in this case no person would confuse my web site with
microsoft.com -- but might a robot webcrawler?
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO
Civil Action No. 97-Z-1592
OPPEDAHL & LARSON,
ADVANCED CONCEPTS, ROBERT A. WELCH,
CODE TEAM - LBK, INC., GEORGE WILLIAMS,
PROFESSIONAL WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT,
DAVE DEAN, MSI MARKETING, INC., and
INTERNET BUSINESS SERVICES,
   36. Based on an evaluation of the underlying source documents,
   Plaintiff has determined that the URLs on defendants' web sites are
   using Plaintiff's "OPPEDAHL" and "LARSON" marks to erroneously
   identify to search services that these URLs are identifying services
   provided by Plaintiff.
   37. Notwithstanding plaintiff's well-known and prior use of, and prior
   statutory and common-law rights in, the marks "OPPEDAHL & LARSON,"
   defendants, without the consent of plaintiff, have adopted, used and
   caused to be used in interstate commerce, and continues to use and
   cause to be used, the substantially identical mark in connection with
   identifying the source of the content of its web pages.
   38. Such use by defendants of web pages bearing a substantially
   identical mark to plaintiff's mark "OPPEDAHL & LARSON" is misleading
   and is likely to cause confusion and mistake, and to deceive the
   public into believing falsely that defendants' web pages are connected
   with and/or sponsored or authorized by Plaintiff, when in fact
   defendants have no connection whatsoever with Plaintiff in regard to
   such web pages.
   39. Defendants' misleading use of a mark substantially identical to
   the mark "OPPEDAHL & LARSON" constitutes false advertising, false
   designation of origin, and false representation in and affecting
   interstate commerce in violation of Section 43(a) of the Lanham Act,
   15 U.S.C. � 1125(a).
   40. As a proximate result of the acts of defendants as alleged herein,
   Plaintiff has suffered and will continue to suffer great damage to its
   business, goodwill, reputation, and profits.
   41. Plaintiff has no adequate remedy at law against this unfair
   competition. Unless defendants are preliminarily and permanently
   enjoined by this Court, plaintiff will continue to suffer irreparable
   harm.
                            Second Cause of Action
(Federal Dilution)
   42. Plaintiff realleges and incorporate herein by reference the
   allegations of paragraphs 1-37 and 40-41 of the Complaint as set forth
   above.
   43. As a direct result of plaintiff's long and extensive experience,
   care, and skill in producing and marketing legal services and
   providing information on intellectual property law under the mark
   "OPPEDAHL & LARSON," plaintiff's mark has become famous.
   44. Defendants, by using a confusingly similar trademark, are
   misleading the public into believing that their services are connected
   with Plaintiff's business. On information and belief, the defendants
   willfully intended to trade on the reputation of Oppedahl & Larson or
   to cause dilution of the "OPPEDAHL & LARSON" mark.
   45. Such acts by defendants are likely to deprive plaintiff of the
   benefit of the goodwill attached to the mark "OPPEDAHL & LARSON,"
   injure plaintiff's business reputation, and dilute the distinctive
   quality of plaintiff's trademark in violation of 15 U.S.C. � 1125(c).
   46. As a proximate result of the acts of defendants as alleged herein,
   plaintiff has suffered and will continue to suffer damage to its
   business, goodwill, and reputation.
   47. Plaintiff has no adequate remedy at law against this dilution of
   and injury to business reputation. Unless defendants are enjoined by
   this Court, plaintiff will continue to suffer irreparable harm.
                             Third Cause of Action
(Unfair Competition - Colorado Common Law)
   48. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates herein by reference the
   allegations of paragraphs 1-38 the Complaint as set forth above.
   49. Plaintiff's mark "OPPEDAHL & LARSON" is inherently distinctive and
   has acquired a strong secondary meaning.
   50. Defendants' wrongful use of a substantially identical and
   therefore confusingly similar trademark as alleged herein is likely to
   deceive the public into believing falsely that there is a connection
   between plaintiff and defendants. Defendants have unfairly competed
   with plaintiff in violation of the Colorado common law.
   51. As a proximate result of the acts of defendants as alleged herein,
   plaintiff has suffered and will continue to suffer great damage to its
   business, goodwill, and reputation.
   52. Plaintiff has no adequate remedy at law against this unfair
   competition. Unless defendants are enjoined by this Court, plaintiff
   will continue to suffer irreparable harm.
   53. In acting as alleged herein, defendants have acted with
   oppression, fraud, and malice toward plaintiff. Plaintiff is therefore
   entitled to an award of punitive damages for the sake of example and
   by way of punishing defendants.
                            Fourth Cause of Action
(Trademark Infringement - Colorado Common Law)
   54. Plaintiff realleges and incorporate herein by reference the
   allegations of paragraphs 1-38 and 51-53 of the Complaint as set forth
   above.
   55. Plaintiff has used the mark "OPPEDAHL & LARSON" for providing
   intellectual property information over the Internet for many years.
   Said mark has become extensively known and associated in the minds of
   the public with plaintiff's business and services.
   56. Defendants have used the designation "OPPEDAHL" and "LARSON" in
   connection with their web pages that is confusingly similar to that
   created and used by plaintiff with intentional disregard of
   plaintiff's trademark rights. As a result of such acts, defendants are
   misleading the public into believing falsely that their web pages are
   connected with plaintiff's services, all in violation of the Colorado
   common law concerning the protection of trademarks.
   57. As a proximate result of the acts of defendants as alleged herein,
   plaintiff has suffered and will continue to suffer damage to its
   business, goodwill, and reputation.
   58. Plaintiff has no adequate remedy at law for the infringements of
   the mark "OPPEDAHL & LARSON" alleged herein. Unless defendants are
   enjoined by this Court, plaintiff will continue to suffer irreparable
   harm.
   59. In acting as alleged herein, defendants have acted with
   oppression, fraud, and malice toward plaintiff. Plaintiff is therefore
   entitled to an award of punitive damages for the sake of example and
   by way of punishing defendants.
   WHEREFORE, Plaintiff prays for relief as follows:
    1. That defendants, their officers, agents, servants, employees and
       representatives and all other persons, firms or corporations in
       active concert or participation with them, be preliminarily and
       thereafter permanently enjoined and restrained from: (1) using in
       any manner in connection with any of their web pages, or in
       connection with any advertising or promotions of such web pages,
       the names and trademarks "OPPEDAHL," "LARSON," and "OPPEDAHL &
       LARSON" and any colorable imitation thereof; and (2) doing any act
       or thing calculated or likely to cause confusion or mistake in the
       minds of members of the public or the trade, or prospective users
       of defendants' services, as to the source of services provided,
       produced, distributed, sold or offered for sale thereby, or likely
       to deceive members of the public or the trade, or prospective
       purchasers, into believing that there is some connection between
       defendants' and plaintiff or that defendants' web pages are being
       produced, distributed, sold or offered for sale with plaintiff's
       authorization;
    2. That defendants, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. � 1116(a), be directed to
       file with this Court and serve upon plaintiff within thirty (30)
       days after entry of the injunction, a report in writing under oath
       setting forth in detail the manner and form in which they have
       complied with the injunction;
    3. That defendants, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. � 1118, be ordered to
       deliver up for destruction all media, packages, wrappers,
       receptacles, and articles in their possession bearing the mark
       "OPPEDAHL," "LARSON" and/or "OPPEDAHL & LARSON," or any
       reproduction, counterfeit, copy, or colorable imitation thereof,
       and all plates, molds, matrices, and other means of making the
       same;
    4. That defendants account for and pay over to plaintiff all of the
       profits realized by defendants, or others acting in concert or
       participation with defendant, from the sale and distribution of
       their services in connection with the unauthorized use of the
       marks "OPPEDAHL," "LARSON" and/or "OPPEDAHL & LARSON," and
       defendants' unfair methods of competition as alleged herein;
    5. That plaintiff recover its damages sustained as a result of
       defendants' unfair competition and infringement of plaintiff's
       marks;
    6. That plaintiff be awarded three times defendants' profits or three
       times plaintiff's damages, whichever is greater, together with its
       reasonable attorneys' fees pursuant to 15 U.S.C. �� 1117(a) and
       (b);
    7. The plaintiff be awarded punitive damages pursuant to Colorado
       common law.
    8. That plaintiff recover the costs of this action; and
    9. That plaintiff be granted such other and further relief as the
       Court deems just and proper.
   OPPEDAHL & LARSON
   Dated: July 23, 1997
Carl Oppedahl
Oppedahl & Larson
611 Main Street
P.O. Box 5540
Frisco, Colorado  80443-5540
(970) 513-9950
Fax (970) 513-9948
Of Counsel:
Marina T. Larson
Stanley D. Ference III
Oppedahl & Larson
1992 Commerce Street, Suite 309
Yorktown Heights, New York  10598
(914) 245-3252
Fax (914) 962-4330
Address of plaintiff:
Oppedahl & Larson
611 Main Street
P.O. Box 5540
Frisco, Colorado  80443-5540

@_date: 1997-08-29 20:12:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Update on "news rating," Internet Content Coal mtg, from Netly (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The Netly News Afternoonline August 28, 1997
ICC You Later
The Internet Content Coalition has rolled over,
but it's not dead yet. In today's
closed-to-the-press meeting, most of the two dozen
news organizations in attendance opposed the
rating of news sites on the Web -- whether from
third parties or from the Coalition itself. This
sharp turnabout followed criticism of the
Coalition's attempts to establish voluntary
ratings guidelines for the industry. "Everyone in
the room agreed to a general statement that as
news organizations we will not rate our content
and we oppose the efforts of others to rate our
content," said Dan Okrent, Time Inc. New Media's
Editor In Chief.
But self-labelling is not totally dead: today's
membership was divided between those who still
want to work with filtering software and browser
companies and hardliners such as Times-Mirror who
don't want to negotiate with Microsoft and
Netscape at all.
Such divisions lead to questions about the
structure of the ICC, which is still struggling to
define its membership, its mission and even its
ability to speak on behalf of the world's media
giants. Members of the press were barred from
today's meeting, a semmingly paradoxical move
given the nature of the discussion. Acting
president Mark Bailey told The Netly News that
reporters were barred from the proceeding so that
an open and broad-based debate could take place.
"We also have not invited ratings people and we
also have not invited a lot of browser people," he
said. "We really wanted this to be a news
publisher meeting."  -- By Noah Robischon

@_date: 1997-12-02 00:08:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Conservative groups call for new Net "code of conduct" 
I'm sitting in the National Press Club, in front of a
dozen television cameras, where a conservative press
conference on Kids and the Net is starting. Groups like the
Family Research Council and the Christian Coalition are
complaining that the Internet industry isn't doing enough
to label, filter, and rate the Net and is instead looking
to "make a few quick bucks."
What prompted this event is a two-day summit about to start
here in Washington, DC, where high tech firms are joining
senior administration officials. The industry's goal: to
head off the sequel to the Communications Decency Act.
Sen. Dan Coats (R-Indiana), the bill's chief sponsor, is
here today. "It has only been the threat of government
involvment that has prompted this industry to take any
steps at all," he's saying. "There is a dark side to the
Internet. That dark side brings unrestrained, unrestricted
pornographic material into every home, every library, every
Now Karen Jo Gounaud is blasting the American Library
Association for the unlikely offense of condoning
bestiality. "Parents cannot being to handle these problems
alone. It's a village problem and it demands a village
solution," she says.
The solution, these groups say, is to pressure Internet
providers to adopt their "Code of Ethical Conduct." It says:
"Will adopt terms-of-service policies stating that it
reserves the right to take action in good faith to restrict
availability of material that it considers to be obscene,
lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing,
or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is
constitutionally protected." Among other things, the code
calls for Usenet filtering and "parental controls as the
default settings" for minors.
In a few hours (in the same room, in fact), civil liberties
and journalism groups are going to be arguing against
"mandatory voluntary" rating systems and pointing out their
This leaves the White House precisely where it wants to be:
squarely in the middle. More on this later.

@_date: 1997-12-02 05:52:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Solveig Singleton on "Brave New Partners in Net censorship" 
Op-ed: Brave New Partners In Internet Censorship
by Solveig Singleton (solveig at cato.org)
Solveig Singleton is the director of information studies at the Cato
Institute. Amendment protects the Internet just as it protects booksellers,
newspapers and books when it found the Communications Decency Act (CDA)
unconstitutional.  That critical ruling signaled censorious governments in
countries like Argentina, China, Germany and Zambia that the United States
would not provide a precedent for blocking undesirable Internet content. "self-censorship"  at a December Internet summit under the guiding hand of
the Clinton administration. The summit, called Focus on Children, poses
subtle new dangers to free speech on the Internet.
controlling media content.  Private citizens are free to follow their
consciences in choosing their own reading material and guiding their
children to seek out or avoid certain information.  There's no First
Amendment objection when a newspaper editor refuses to print an article or
when parents take books away from their children, or use a "censorware"
program like SurfWatch in their own homes.  The private sector is allowed
to edit, to exclude and to silence speech).  The public sector is not. industry and government in keeping "inappropriate" material from children. President Clinton is expected to attend.  The summit emerged from a July
meeting of President Clinton, Vice President Gore and some of the groups
involved in the lawsuit against the Communications Decency Act. Children summit becomes government action disguised as parental action.
Filtering software like SurfWatch and the Platform for Internet Content
Selection (PICS) -- a computer language standard that allows labels to be
attached to Internet content -- are fine as long as they stay in the
private sector, driven by customer demand and free choice.  There's no
need for a summit to make that happen.  With nothing better to do,
politicians and sensationalists are likely to use the occasion to shine a
media spotlight on the dangers of the Internet.  Government pressure will
make it all the more likely that the computer industry will be unable to
resist calls for mandatory PICS or universal filters built into the fabric
of the Internet itself. rights do not necessarily rank high in the sponsors' priorities. Its
sponsors include, for example, the conservative group Enough is Enough;
the summit's Web site links to their pro-CDA arguments but not to anti-CDA
sites.  While some opponents of the CDA are involved, defenders of free
speech such as the American Civil Liberties Union are conspicuously
absent.  Documents promoting the summit describe the CDA as "well
intentioned" and note that "supporters and opponents of the CDA agree that
children should not have access to inappropriate material on the Internet
or in any other medium. The real question is, how best to do it." the table discussing any of these issues -- and especially in determining
what is "inappropriate."  The answer is a resounding no.  Furthermore,
government involvement is not necessary.  The vendors of filtering
programs have reason enough to ensure that parents are aware of their
products. to what should be private problems.  The V-chip is a prime example. Before lawmakers chose to mandate V-chips, entrepreneurs and private
groups competed to help parents monitor their children's viewing habits,
offering dozens of different blocking technologies as well as ratings and
reviews of programs from diverse perspectives.  Now the monopoly V-chip
threatens to shoulder those offerings out of the picture. people around the world who live under political regimes that stifle their
access to information.  But the Internet's freedom depends on its
technology.  Politicians should be ashamed to set a precedent in this
country by pressuring the industry to engineer this freedom out.  We do
not need a V-chip for the Internet any more than we need a rating system
for libraries or bookstores. Solveig Singleton
(202) 789-5274
(202) 842-3490 (fax)
Director of Information Studies
Cato Institute
1000 Mass. Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1997-12-02 11:52:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Berman expressed frustration with the ACLU's criticisms" 
[More examples of the split within the "cyber-rights" community. --Declan]
Chicago Tribue, November 30, 1997
HEADLINE: MANY VIEWS COULD SNARL 3-DAY WEB CONFERENCE;
HOW TO SHIELD CHILDREN THE BIGGEST ISSUE
BYLINE: By Frank James and Shirley Brice, Washington Bureau.
DATELINE: WASHINGTON
   One of the conference's main themes will be educating parents about how
filtering software can help them "keep their children out of the red-light
district," Berman said.
   The emphasis on the use of filtering software and expected talk about
Internet ratings systems has prompted the American Civil Liberties Union to
dub the event the "censorware summit."
   The ACLU, which played a major role in opposing the decency act, doesn't
oppose filtering software in principle, but it asserts that parents who buy
it should be able to learn exactly what sites the software blocks and what
criteria were used in deciding to block those sites.
   Barry Steinhardt, associate director of the ACLU, fears that eventually
there would be "one or two centralized ratings systems that will reflect
particular moral values and have the effect of limiting the breadth and
variety of speech on the Internet."
   "The way these rating systems are going to work," he said "is that
parties other than (consumers) are going to decide whether to employ the
ratings systems. Sites that are rated unfavorably are going to be blocked
out, rendered invisible to the average user."
   Berman expressed frustration with the ACLU's criticisms. "The court said
there were less restrictive ways than government
   censorship, and they pointed at these filtering tools. It was endorsed
by the Supreme Court 9-0. If you take those tools away, what do parents
   The conference's organizers, Berman said, also want to let parents know
about the efforts of companies with major Internet presences to make the
Web more family-friendly.

@_date: 1997-12-03 04:08:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: USA Today editorial opposing criminal copyright bill 
An opposing view from Rep. Goodlatte also appears at the URL below. My
article on this unprecedented criminal copyright bill is:
 USA Today Editorial
12/01/97- Updated 11:14 PM ET
Law limits use of Net
In 1994, Massachusetts Institute of Technology student
David LaMacchia invited on-line users to download $1
million worth of copyrighted computer software that he'd
put on the Internet.
In spite of his antics, charges against LaMacchia were
dismissed. Thanks to a legal loophole, hackers who break
copyrights just for fun can't be criminally prosecuted.
LaMacchia's case is just the most notorious example of how
the growth of the Internet has strained the nation's
copyright laws. Duplicating materials in cyberspace is as
easy as clicking a mouse. The market for pirated goods is
as infinite as the World Wide Web. And under copyright laws
from the 1800s, infringement occurs only if a person makes
money from the illegal act.
Determined to deter the hackers, Congress passed a bill
last month making it a felony to duplicate copyrighted
materials on line, including computer software, recordings,
books and articles.
But the bill awaiting President Clinton's signature puts
more than hackers at risk. It threatens the actions of
scientists, academics and Web users, exposing them to
criminal penalties of up to six years in jail.
Researchers frequently use the Internet to distribute
articles that they write but that other publications
copyright. And the Internet now plays an important role in
peer review. Scientists post their published research on a
Web site in hope of encouraging the exchange of scientific
Until now, copyright infringement wasn't a worry for these
folks. Courts recognized the "fair use" of copyrighted
works for noncommercial purposes, including teaching,
research and criticism. To bar the use of all copyrighted
material would be like telling film critics they couldn't
quote dialogue in their movie reviews.
Yet under its new law, Congress makes it a crime to
duplicate copyrighted materials on line but neglects to
include specific "fair use" legal protections allowing the
duplication of copyrighted materials that doesn't hurt a
work's commercial value.
Lawmakers argue that protections aren't needed because the
bill calls for the prosecution only of those who
"willfully" violate copyrights.
Their argument overlooks all the people who know they're
using copyrighted material but do so without criminal
intent: the researchers, students, writers and Web surfers
who duplicate copyrighted materials as a way to
Unless a clear exemption is written into law, all risk
becoming targets for overly aggressive prosecutors.
There are compelling reasons to revise copyright laws for
our digital age. But without guaranteeing researchers the
same protections on line as they have off, Congress risks
limiting the Internet's legitimate uses.

@_date: 1997-12-03 04:21:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: GLAAD report on filtering software: "Access Denied" 
Date: Tue, 2 Dec 1997 14:16:07 -0500
   From: Cathy Renna      To: "'Declan McCullagh'" Hi Declan--
I am greatly appreciating your comments and articles about the summit
(Loren Javier and I are attending right now. Here is our release about
the filtering software report.
Cathy Renna
Washington, DC Media Resource Center
Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD)
(202) 986-1360
fax: (202) 667-0902
renna at glaad.org
VISIT THE GLAAD WEB SITE AT ALERT LINE 1-800-GAY-MEDIA
"GLAAD" and "Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation" are registered
trademarks of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, Inc.
MEDIA RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Liz Tracey, GLAAD (212) 807-1700
pgr. (800) 946-4646 pin# 1423527
e-mail: tracey at glaad.org
GLAAD RELEASES GROUNDBREAKING INTERNET FILTERING SOFTWARE REPORT
NATION'S ONLY LESBIAN & GAY MEDIA ADVOCACY GROUP EXAMINES COMPLEX ISSUES
IN "ACCESS DENIED"
NEW YORK, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1997-The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against
Defamation (GLAAD) today announced from the historic Internet Summit the
release of their comprehensive and groundbreaking report on Internet
Filtering Software and ratings systems, "Access Denied: The Impact of
Internet Filtering Software on the Lesbian and Gay Community."
In the wake of the Communications Decency Act decision, Reno v. ACLU,
with the Internet Summit: Focus on Children being held through tomorrow
the nation's capital, GLAAD has completed an exhaustive survey of how
Internet filtering software, and future proposed ratings systems affect
lesbian and gay community. The findings mark the first time a lesbian
gay media advocacy organization has produced research and analysis of
depth on the issue of Internet access.
"The majority of software currently on the market, as well as new
in development, place informational Web sites serving the lesbian, gay,
bisexual and transgender community in the same categories as sexually
explicit sites," the executive summary reports. "The software developers
are either unable or unwilling to consider that information about sexual
orientation and identity (e.g., a gay square dancing site) has nothing
do with sexual behavior, and everything to do with culture and
"Access Denied" contains sections analyzing the legal, political and
implications of enforced invisibility on the Web. It also includes
overviews written by members of groups such as Gay and Lesbian Parents
Coalition International (GLPCI) and Peacefire (an entirely youth-run
cyberliberties group), as well as testimonials from lesbian, gay,
and transgender youth, who, as seen in the report, are those most
affected by the lack of access to important information via the Web or
Internet newsgroups.
"I urge everyone who uses the Interent to read this report, and learn
troubling implications of the widespread use of filtering software,"
Joan M. Garry, GLAAD Executive Director. "As a mother, I can assure you
that while GLAAD has examined the disturbing aspects of filtering, we
lost sight of the youngest users of the Internet-our children. Whether
is through the testimonials of lesbian and gay youth, or an essay
by a gay father, the voices in this report must be heard now-perhaps
they will be much harder to find."
The report also includes a thorough review of the currently available
software, ratings systems and search engines, recommendations for
leaders on how to make the Internet both friendly and fair, as well as a
proposal for a future ratings system, FAIRsite, which would measure the
accessibility and accuracy of various ratings systems and software.
GLAAD is a national organization that promotes fair, accurate and
representation of individuals and events in the media as a means of
combating homophobia and all forms of discrimination based on sexual
orientation or identity.

@_date: 1997-12-03 04:35:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Netly Thanksgiving (guess I should have posted this earlier) 
The Netly News (
November 28, 1997
A Netly News Thanksgiving
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Here at the Netly News, we have a feast of things for which
        But we're also grateful to the personalities who made
        Heaven's Gate: A special Netly thanks to these suicide
        Louis Freeh: The butt of a thousand jokes on the Net

@_date: 1997-12-03 04:41:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Summit 2.0, from The Netly News 
[For details on some of the proposals presented, read the full article.
The Netly News Network (
December 2, 1997
Censorware Summit 2.0
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        If there's one political controversy that promises never to die,
   it's sex and the Net. There seems to be something about the
   combination of children and cyberporn that makes otherwise levelheaded
   adults more than a little worried -- and even a little irrational.
        Enter the politicans, always happy to pacify parents with
   soothing rhetoric. Vice President Al Gore is scheduled to speak this
   morning at a two-day summit dedicated to protecting kids online.
        Of course, the Communications Decency Act's backers had claimed
   that that particularly nasty law (which the Supreme Court found to be
   unconstitutional) did just that. They were joined by the White House,
   which two years ago said "the President firmly supports the
   Communications Decency Act" to "regulate the exposure of children to
   computer pornography."
        This time, however, the White House would like to avoid the same
   embarrassing mistakes -- and, perhaps more importantly, would like to
   avoid pissing off high tech firms that could be hefty campaign
   contributors to Al Gore 2000. Instead of endorsing new federal
   legislation, the Clinton administration says it'll oppose it as long
   as industry regulates itself. And, of course, if firms play ball,
   their CEOs get to share the limelight with the veep

@_date: 1997-12-03 14:01:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT and the Threat of Gov't Intervention 
Besides demonstrating that cyberporn is a topic that will
never disappear, the Kids and the Net summit has
highlighted the tensions between the different types of
Net-advocacy groups here in Washington.
The civil liberties groups (ACLU, EPIC, EFF, CPSR), and
journalism, publishers, and media groups have lined up on
one side [ saying the government
shouldn't pressure the Internet to self-censor (or be
censored by the Feds). They held a counter-summit press
conference yesterday. Even the libertarian Cato Institute
is in this corner.
On the other side, the Center for Democracy and Technology
[ is participating in the summit along
with antiporn groups, high tech firms, and "censorware"
vendors. CDT says that the Net needs to self-regulate or
face the wrath of the U.S. Congress. (Folks at CDT
generally take pro-industry positions and have been
involved in many compromises in the past: wiretapping,
"harmful to minors," and jail time for use of encryption in
a crime.) CDT, however, has called for the development of
multiple rating systems.
You could easily tell the difference between the two
outlooks today. ACLU associate director Barry Steinhardt
and CDT director Jerry Berman debated this afternoon. "If
we sit back and we offer nothing... that's not a solution
for the American public," Berman said. He said that CDT is
"looking to balance free speech rights" with other values.

@_date: 1997-12-04 05:51:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Transcript of Gore's remarks at "Censorware Summit" 
This is a transcript of Al Gore's remarks (not his prepared remarks, but
his actual remarks) at the "Censorware Summit" yesterday. --Declan
gentlemen.  Thank you.  Thank you very much for your warm welcome.
introduction.  And I want to tell you how much I appreciate your
friendship over the years, and how much President Clinton and I appreciate
the outstanding work that you did in the White House and the Federal Trade
Commission and as a leader in so many ways.  And that leadership is
demonstrated again as you chair this Internet/Online Summit.
summit host, Steve Case of American Online, and host Dan Schulman of AT&T
and Laura Jennings of Microsoft and Jake Weinbaum (sp) of Walt Disney and
Dan Oakrent (sp) of Time Warner.
President Clinton's Cabinet, the secretary of education, Richard Riley, who
will speak after I do.
in the District of Columbia and Rocky Run Middle School in Fairfax,
Virginia; Rock Creek Valley Middle School in Maryland; and Du Fief (sp)
Elementary School in Maryland.  These kids who are behind me took part in
an Internet demonstration in an adjacent room just before this morning's
session, and I was very, very impressed with all of the things they showed
me and their skills and their teachers and their librarians.
congratulate you for this summit.  The president and I hosted a meeting
back on July 16th, with many of those who are leaders of this summit.  We
challenged the industry to move forward.  This independent initiative which
has been undertaken is, I think, most impressive and a very, very important
step forward.
the growing responsibilities of the Internet is admirable.  I'm pleased to
be here today to outline some objectives and announce some important
initiatives to help make this exciting new tool safe for our children.
is not a luxury or a diversion; it is an essential tool for children.  And
its use is fast becoming an essential skill for adults. That is why we're
committed to connecting every classroom and school library to the Internet
by the year 2000.  We have already connected 65 percent of our schools in a
very short period of time.  We're ahead of schedule in meeting our broader
more reasons why we should encourage our young people to get on-line. The
parents and children that are behind me, and their teachers and librarians,
told me about how their families use the Internet.  The high value these
parents place on their children's Internet explorations is more proof that
the Internet offers unsurpassed opportunity for our children and also for
the businesses that can serve this fast-growing market.
learned how to store knowledge outside of our own brains, first in spoken
language and then in written language, in culture and its various
manifestations, including song and dance.  And then with the invention of
the printing process, the ability to store knowledge outside the brain grew
by leaps and bounds.  The Electronic Revolution further advanced this
forward, dramatically changing the way we relate to this rapidly growing
amount of knowledge that's stored outside the brain and is accessible to
people all over the world.  And as our children go through the learning and
acculturation process, it is absolutely essential that they learn how to
use the Internet, just as it became essential for children, in the learning
process, to learn how to read books when the print process was first
times as many as just a few years ago.  In a short time, more young people
will be connected to the Internet than any other segment of the population.
And yet the parents I talk to express deep concerns about Internet content
they consider inappropriate for children.  They made it clear that if the
Internet industry hopes to serve the interests of America's children, it
must first gain the trust of America's parents. That is why this
administration has charged the Internet industry with taking the
responsibility and taking the lead for making the Internet safe for
to congratulate you for your efforts in this area - the search engines, the
filtering and blocking software, the access to high- quality children's
sites and a choice of rating systems so that parents can find the one that
meets their families' needs.
tens of thousands of web sites who have voluntarily self-rated those sites.
And I want to congratulate you again for organizing this conference and
stepping into the middle of a very difficult debate. And we need to
understand clearly why it is so difficult and not be daunted by that task
or scared away from wading into the middle of this and finding a solution.
children safe while protecting the First Amendment and preserving the
limitless opportunities of this exciting new technological medium that
changes form and content on a daily basis?  Some say we should refrain from
any action, that all action to block children's access to objectionable
content amounts to censorship.  To them I say, blocking your own child's
access to objectionable Internet content is not censoring; that's called
parenting.  And it is essential.
protected by the First Amendment as the right to issue that speech.  There
is a view, which I consider an absurd view, that defines "children" as
"nothing more than miniature adults," not really in need of special
protection from material that their parents believe they're not ready to
process and handle.
developing and growing and evolving.  And they are especially vulnerable to
some kinds of images and information that, of course, ought to be freely
available to adults who have matured and developed and have the full rights
of citizenship to choose whatever they want to see and listen to and read
and look at.  Children are in a different category, and that ought not be a
controversial conclusion.
a heavy hand and outlaw certain activities on the Internet.  Well to them,
I say we need to listen to the justices of the Supreme Court and to the
United States Constitution that binds them.  Since the days of George
Washington and John Marshall, when Chief Justice Marshall, the greatest
chief justice of all, told us that the Supreme Court does indeed interpret
the Constitution; as a nation of laws, we have been bound to follow our
Constitution and the interpretations of that Constitution given by our
Supreme Court.
children safe that do not infringe on the free speech of others. Therefore,
we must give ourselves the time we need to develop these methods.  In
short, we must meet this 21st-century challenge in a 21st-century way, not
by using the heavy hand of government in ways that would harm and squelch
this exciting new resource, and certainly not by ignoring the dangers and
allowing our children to roam free and unsupervised on the Internet.
industry to take the lead, with the help and guidance of government,
advocacy groups, and families, to provide parents with the education and
the tools they need to preserve both safety and freedom on the Internet.
percentage of sites on the Internet that parents feel are not healthy for
their children.  You have begun designing the tools to guide children away
from content that their parents consider harmful and steer them toward
content that their parents consider helpful.
so that it is an effective solution, is an absolutely essential task.
in every home until parents have the tools they need to make it safe for
their children's explorations.
about how to avoid regulation.  To be successful, it must be elevated to a
discussion about how to meet the needs of America's families.
the same resources and commitment to designing parental controls that it
would devote to the design and launch of any new product.  I'm convinced
that this is an area where you will do well by doing good. So again I say,
industry must do more.  I congratulate you on what you have done and on the
great promise signified by this meeting here.
technologies easier to use, more effective, and more widely available. And
this is not to slight the current developments, because they are indeed
impressive, but it is to put them in the context of our overall goal of
making sure that every parent has the technology and the technological
know-how to guide their children to sites on the information superhighway
just as easily as they guide their families to places on the interstate
highway.  These tools must become as commonplace and as easy to use as the
remote control on the family TV.
objectionable is not the only issue the industry faces.  To gain the trust
of parents and families, you must give users, and especially children and
parents, control over how their private information is used over the
Internet.  In addition, we must also look at direct marketing to children.
If Internet sites for kids continue to feature advertising blurred into
entertainment and targeted directly at children, parents may soon shut off
the Internet.  You might as well prepare yourselves if there's not an
effective industry-led solution. You might as well prepare yourselves for a
massive nationwide backlash that will stunt the growth of this exciting
happen unless the industry-led solution to these problems also are
effective, not just - let me emphasize again - not just theoretically
effective, not just designed in a way that they ought to be effective, but
really and actually effective in the real-life experiences of American
effort you devote to this task ought to be commensurate with the importance
of finding a real solution.
year to focus on issues of quality, content, access, privacy, marketing and
advertising for children.  The first of these conferences will focus on
access and will take place from February 25th through February 27th.  I
challenge the industry to bring to these conferences, just a few months
from now, several clear ideas for addressing these issues and, by
addressing them, go a great distance toward gaining the trust of concerned
not to carry the entire load.  And so today, I am pleased to announce
several initiatives that will work in tandem with industry efforts by
helping educate parents about the availability of parental controls and how
they can use them to help protect their children.
"Parents Guide to the Internet" prepared, at the president's request, by
the Department of Education.  And Secretary Riley will be talking more
about this in a few moments, but this "Parents Guide to the Internet," we
hope, will become a valuable resource for parents who want to understand
how they can play a responsible role as parents in helping to protect their
children against inappropriate sites and inappropriate material, and
finding the exciting opportunities that really are available for
educational and cultural purposes on the Internet.
anything that they ever experienced with their own parents.  One journalist
wrote that it's almost as if Ward and June Cleaver were suddenly charged
with supervising the Jetson children, Judy and Elroy - (laughter) - a
pretty good analogy.  This new guide introduces parents to the Internet and
suggests how they can help their children experience its wonders and dodge
its hazards.
campaign calling - called "Think, Then Link."  This will feature a national
town hall meeting, scheduled for next fall, to be held in schools all
across the country and designed to educate adults and children about how to
create a safe online environment.  This will be followed by local town hall
meetings at libraries, schools, and community centers across the country.
This is part of our effort to give parents the tools they need to ensure a
safe, constructive Internet experience for their children.
accompanied by aggressive enforcement of the anti-stalking, child
pornography, and obscenity laws as they apply to cyberspace.
provider associations are announcing a new agreement to cooperate with law
enforcement authorities on a zero-tolerance policy against child
pornography.  Internet service providers will be working closely with law
enforcement to report and pursue any suspicious activity.  I really want to
congratulate these providers for stepping forward in this fashion.
resulted in airlines reporting on information that drug smugglers might be
involved in air freight shipments.  And the partnership between the airline
carriers and the Customs people has resulted in a really dramatic
improvement in that whole law enforcement effort.  And this new
partnership, I believe, is likely to have similar dramatic effects.
number for the Internet.  This number will work like an emergency hot line
or a crimestoppers tip line, and will take reports on illegal Internet
activity related to child pornography and predation.  This project is
sponsored by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, with a
sizeable grant from the Department of Justice.  It is a warning to
criminals and a promise to parents:  There are Internet police for those
activities that are illegal, and they will capture and punish those who
would use the Internet to harm and hurt our children.
in the ability of parents and law enforcement to work together to keep our
children safe on the Internet.
Small children can learn much more from emptying a cupboard of pots and
pans onto the floor than they could ever learn by direct instruction.
Weight, balance, sound, texture, touch, temperature - there is no human
being competent to teach a child all those lessons. They're just too vast
and varied.  Therefore, sometimes the best teaching is to encourage
exploring.  So, just as a parent covers electrical outlets when a baby is
crawling around and locks medicine cabinets to protect children against
poisoning, and cushions the hard corners of coffee tables to make a home
safe for a child to explore, we must also help parents anticipate and block
dangerous places on the Internet to make it safe for a child to explore.
think it's hard for us to debate that point about the Internet, partly
because throughout the history of civilization, societies that have core
values always have difficulty debating issues that bring those core values
into place.  Our core value in the United States of America is freedom of
speech, freedom of religion, freedom of expression.  Those who founded the
United States came here in order to establish that core value.  And any
time a new proposal or a new idea or a new challenge rubs up against that
core value in any way, it's very difficult for our country to come to terms
with it.  And there's always going to be a group that takes an absolutist
view that is different from what the Supreme Court has said the
Constitution endorses, and we'll always have very, very heated debates
whenever this subject is dealt with.
the point where the risk of letting children explore is less than the risk
of not letting them explore.  And we can deal with this issue in a way that
does not compromise our core value of freedom of expression.
all the boardrooms, classrooms, living rooms and chat rooms in America, to
sort out the issues and give parents the tools they need to childproof the
Internet.  We will never achieve a complete consensus here in Washington,
DC, I guarantee you.  But that's okay. The debate will not be won in
Washington; it will be won in the hearts and minds of America's families.
And that's where the only victory that matters is going to take place.
both freedom and safety on the Internet.  I'm convinced, after seeing and
hearing all of you here today, it's a fight that we're going to win as
today.  (Applause.)  Thank you.

@_date: 1997-12-04 06:09:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT and the Threat of Gov't Intervention 
Danny, I may respond in more detail to your post shortly (I'm supposed to
be working on an article right now), but I wanted to ask you: Does CDT consider itself to be a "civil liberties" group?
If so, how do you reconcile that stance with CDT director Jerry Berman's
statements this week and elsewhere that we need to "balance free speech" and "balance civil liberties" with other concerns?
If so, how do you reconcile this with your anti-civil liberties
"compromises" on issues like wiretapping, the "harmful to minors" version
of the CDA you supported, and the "crypto in a crime" jail penalties you
continue to support?
CDT seems to take positions that are often much closer to business
lobbyists than civil liberties groups. Now, I don't mind business
lobbyists -- I'm friends with many of them and I talk with them every day

@_date: 1997-12-04 07:31:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT and the Threat of Gov't Intervention 
I'd add to Marc's post one comment and one question:
* We heard a lot of hot air at the summit this week about "diversity." But
I'm not as interested in experiencing a "diversity" of PICS-based systems
as I am a diversity of ideas. * Danny, your boss told me today that "you can't stop legislators from
legislating." (Personally, I think you can: the 9-0 CDA ruling gives them
cover.) But if you believe legislation is inevitable, do rating systems
help or hinder civil liberties? Do they provide a framework that Congress
will formalize make mandatory? And do they let the DoJ argue that it's
easier to comply with a CDA II through "mandatory voluntary" self-rating? BTW, good news from Time-Warner. We are NOT going to self-rate or
self-label. This is a corporate-wide policy and applies to pathfinder.com,
all the Warner Bros movie and cartoon sites, and other sites like cnn.com.

@_date: 1997-12-04 09:15:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Jamie, if you're seriously confused about the differences between
left-wing and right-wing groups I can help educate you, perhaps with a few
rules of thumb. But I suspect that you really don't want a serious answer.

@_date: 1997-12-04 09:37:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
According to your answers, your political philosophy is libertarian. Libertarian Libertarians are self-governors in both personal and economic matters. They believe government's only purpose is to protect people from coercion
and violence.  They value individual responsibility, and tolerate economic
and social diversity.

@_date: 1997-12-04 10:38:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Superdistribution development/release 
Here an incentive: if anyone breaks this, I'll write an article about it
and another profiling the person who does.
When you have this kind of "encryption" scheme running on untrusted
hardware to which the user has access, it's doomed to fail. Even if it's
custom hardware, it'll probably be broken, but it'll just take longer.

@_date: 1997-12-04 14:14:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Jamie correctly calls my earlier quip about "big government fetishists" a
"shallow" definition of leftist. Obviously it was not meant to be serious;
I didn't think Jamie wanted to explore this issue in any serious way. Based
on his post below, he seems to want to have a reasonable conversation, so I
owe him a reasonable response.
Let me try another take on a few of the issues he raises below.
COPYRIGHT: Clearly not a real left-right split. Rather a battle of
different business interests. There's the content owners, the Hollywood
firms and the software companies, on one side. On the other are companies
like Sony that want you to be able to tape movies and the Baby Bells and
ISPs that don't want to be liable for infringments. Firms like Time-Warner
that own cable companies and content are somewhat split. Lefty/public
interest groups joined by librarians play a role, but the corporations are
the ones driving the debate.
PRIVACY FROM GOVERNMENT: Lefty groups join libertarians and occasionally
some right wing groups (Eagle Forum) here. Their battle is with defense/law
enforcement and (largely) right-wing groups that are ideologically
sympatico. This collection of right-wing groups includes police chiefs,
attys general groups, and columnists like Frank "ban crypto" Gaffney from
the Washington Times. We can be more precise if we break down "privacy from
government" into narrower issues like wiretap, crypto, medical privacy,
etc. Gets more complicated (as you note) when we're talking about balancing
access to gvt info with privacy; journalist groups come down hard for
PRIVACY FROM BUSINESSES: On government regulations designed to "protect
your privacy," you'll see mostly lefties out there crying that the Direct
Marketing Association is the archenemy, and AOL is the demon of cyberspace
because of its privacy policies, etc. Libertarians like CEI and Cato take
free-market position saying that gvt regs do more harm than good. Though
conservative think tanks like Heritage are starting to become more
interested in this. More a battle between lefty/public
interest/privacy/pro-regulatory groups on one side and
businesses/free-market groups on the other.
MICROSOFT: Mostly a battle between business groups: MSFT vs. its
competitors. Libertarians (CEI, Cato) and conservative thinktanks
(Heritage) are opposing antitrust regulations. Lefty/"consumer" groups are
all over this one, of course.
Bottom line: left-right analyses don't give you all the information you
need. A more complex analysis helps; fortunately, some other folks here
have suggested some. Now it's time for me to go to sleep; it's too late to
be writing this stuff. Hope it makes sense.

@_date: 1997-12-04 23:38:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT and the Threat of Gov't Intervention 
[BTW, I recommend "Rationales and Rationalizations: Regulating the
Electronic Media," which Bob edited. --Declan]
   From: "Robert L. Corn-Revere"      To: declan at well.com
Excerpted from Robert Corn-Revere, Television Violence and the Limits of
Voluntarism, 12 Yale Journal on Regulation 187 (Winter 1995):
     What if the government decided that the practice of religion was in
some way contrary to the national interest?  Suppose it concluded that
religion is the opiate of the masses, that the "seventh day of rest" is a
drag on the national economy, that TV evangelists bilk the uneducated of
their meager earnings or that sectarian disputes contribute to social unrest
and violence.  An unlikely scenario, certainly, but what if it happened?
     Government officials could give speeches setting out these positions,
to be sure, but could they do more?  Would it be permissible, for example,
for key lawmakers to threaten punitive legislation if the National Council
of Churches did not announce plans to close up shop?  Could top
Administration officials stage back-room meetings with church leaders to
jawbone for change that would be consistent with the new policy?  And, at
the end of all this, could the President appear in a Rose Garden ceremony
with the heads of the major denominations and minor sects to announce that
 -- for the good of the nation -- the parties had voluntarily agreed to phase
out religion in America?
     Of course this could never happen.  Americans would never tolerate such
a frontal assault on cherished First Amendment freedoms.  But what of the
third and fourth clauses of the First Amendment, which command that
"Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, or of the

@_date: 1997-12-05 00:13:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NYTimes oped: Federal laws better than censorware 
Check out the last paragraph of Andrew's op-ed: it's Larry
Lessig's argument, though conveniently unattributed. It's
also a dangerous one, and a favorite of leftists, claiming
that "accountable" government regulations are somehow
better than "unaccountable" private classification schemes.
Of course Andrew neglects to say that the CDA was not just
civil regulation like many FCC rules: it, and its
successor, are criminal laws with serious jail time and
up to quarter-million dollar fines if you violate them.
He also neglects to say that the reason PICS was created is
pressure from the Feds.
Try as hard as they may, not even RSACi can throw you in
jail -- unless Congress passes Murray's bill, which means
it's no longer private-sector action.
If the market VOLUNTARILY comes up with a rating system, I
don't know how you can say that's worse than government
censorship and possible jail time. (Read Solveig's op-ed on
this, which I posted earlier this week.)
Arguing that private selection is "worse" than government
censorship is simply incoherent. If government is coercing
industry to adopt a scheme, which is the direction we're
heading now, then it's time to make the argument that the
government pressure amounts to state action. Then
eventually challenge it in court.
I'm not sure if Andrew is going here or not, but some
leftists (or "liberals," if you like) oppose
rating systems and censorware because they think children
have a general right to access information. Even if their
parents buy the computers. I think this is another
incoherent argument that we should be careful not to buy
It may be a bad idea for parents to install such
programs -- as it may be a bad idea to feed Junior
poptarts instead of bran cereal -- but children do
not have a of Constitutional right to have
censorware-free computers.
Opinion: The Danger of Private Cybercops
By ANDREW L. SHAPIRO
At a conference this week on protecting children from the
perils of the Internet, consensus emerged on a strategy to
keep minors away from cyberporn: let the private sector
handle it. Rather than relying on Government regulation,
Vice President Al Gore said, parents should look to
industry for tools that will let them filter Internet
Civil libertarians are largely responsible for the success
of this approach. Indeed, they convinced the Supreme Court
that it would do less harm to free speech than the
Communications Decency Act, the law criminalizing on-line
indecency, which the Court struck down in June.
Yet those advocates may now regret what they wished for,
because some of their schemes seem to imperil free speech
more than the act did.
For example, software that users install to block out
certain Internet content often excludes material that isn't
indecent. One such program, Cybersitter, prevents users
from visiting the site of the National Organization for
Women. And the makers of these programs often won't even
tell adults what sites have been blacklisted.
Still worse is a protocol known as PICS that changes the
Internet's architecture to make it easy to rate and filter
content. PICS is theoretically neutral because it allows
different groups to apply their own labels, but could hurt
the Internet's diversity by requiring everything to be
rated. Small, unrated sites would be lost.
Moreover, these technologies enable what might be called
total filtering, where objectionable speech of any type can
be screened out effortlessly. Benign as this may seem, such
filtering might be used not just by individuals but by
employers, Internet service providers and foreign
governments seeking to restrict information that others
The ground rules for an open society could also be
undermined. When total filtering meets information
overload, individuals can (and will) screen out undesired
interactions, including those crucial to a vibrant
political culture -- the on-line equivalents of a civil
rights protest or a petition for a reform candidate. In
such a filtered society, civil discourse and common
understanding will suffer.
This should lead us to think long and hard about the way
that technology can be an even more cunning censor than
law. That's not to say that Government solutions are
problem-free or desirable. But at least when the state goes
overboard, speech defenders have the safety valve of a
First Amendment lawsuit. This legal recourse is not an
option when politicians simply persuade industry and
consumers to use speech-inhibiting tools. Who knows,
free-speech advocates may find themselves nostalgic for
public regulation after all.
Andrew L. Shapiro is a fellow at Harvard Law School's
Center for no the Internet and Society and at the Twentieth
Century Fund.

@_date: 1997-12-05 00:22:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NYTimes oped: Federal laws better than censorware 
Let me retract this particular statement. I'm told that Lessig was properly
cited then edited out late last night.

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:01:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato forum tomorrow: should money laundering be a crime? 
Friday Noon. MONEY LAUNDERING - The Cato Institute holds a policy forum,
"Should Money Laundering Be a Crime," with Lawrence Lindsey, AEI and
former governor, Federal Reserve; Stephen Kroll, Treasury Department, and
Richard Rahn, president, Novecon Corp.
Massachusetts Ave. NW.

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:06:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Janet Reno warns of "lawlessness on the Internet" 
morning at the Department of Justice. She's speaking about an upcoming
meeting of the G-7 nations and Russia:
        At this meeting we will be discussing ways in which our
        Automation, computers, the Internet have now made
        I think it is imperative that we develop practices,
        The fight against lawlessness on the Internet will be one
I guess this is the Department of Justice's response to "cryptoanarchy."

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:24:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Revolution is NOW ! / Free Bill Gates ! / Philly 'WhiteShoes' Zimmermann 
Problem is, I work about three blocks from Ground Zero. All this talk of
soft targets makes me nervous, you know.
BTW, I'm going to check on the Secret Service Christmas tree ornaments and
how much they cost. I'll post later on today if our office manager tells me
they're still available. (The U.S.S.S. is on the top floor of my building
and they give us a deal.)

@_date: 1997-12-05 05:48:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Christmas Ornaments 
I should have ordered them last month with everyone else in the bureau; the
order's been placed and the ornaments have been delivered already. *sigh*
I might go up to the 10th floor myself and see if they have any left...

@_date: 1997-12-06 07:50:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft and DoJ attorneys battle in Federal court today 
Microsoft vs. DOJ Update
   Microsoft finally had its day (or at least two hours) in court this
   afternoon. Its team of lawyers tried to fend off accusations that
   Microsoft unfairly used its operating system's popularity to
   force-feed Internet Explorer to computer makers. Federal judge Thomas
   Penfield Jackson zeroed in on whether or not the browser is, in fact,
   part of Windows 95. "Are you not selling Windows 95 and Internet
   Explorer separately?" he asked. Not to computer manufacturers,
   carefully replied Microsoft's attorney, who said that the evidence
   proves the two products "obviously are" integrated. (For the judge to
   rule that Microsoft is violating a 1995 agreement, Justice Department
   lawyers first have to convince him that Internet Explorer and Windows
   95 are two seperate products, which they tried to do today by waving
   around a shrinkwrapped copy of Internet Explorer 4.0.) The hearing in
   Washington, D.C., federal district court highlighted two wildly
   different views: Microsoft claims the Justice Department is picking a
   fight where none really should exist. But the government's antitrust
   lawyers said today they're fighting to stop the world's largest
   software company from "misusing its Windows power" to squash its
   competitors. Both sides are going to have to wait a while: Judge
   Jackson left the courtroom today without ruling on the case. --By
   Declan McCullagh/Washington

@_date: 1997-12-06 08:07:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
You should read the complete article (I provided the URL, after all) before
complaining that I'm somehow not critical enough of Singapore.
PS: I value economic freedom quite highly. Besides, it's part of other
freedoms. Can I publish a political newspaper as easily if my business is
heavily regulated by EEOC and other bureaucrats, and I'm taxed heavily by
still others? What about the economic regulations (like those on banks)
that are used to intrude on our civil liberties? Final point: democracy
isn't all that wonderful by itself. Singapore is a democracy, no? Forget
fetishizing "democracy," already, and give me freedom!

@_date: 1997-12-09 01:15:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Pretty Good Story, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
December 8, 1997
A Pretty Good Story
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Phil Zimmermann had it easy fighting the U.S. government: At
   least everyone else was on his side. Today the legendary cryptographer
   and founder of Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) is finding that his latest
   adversaries are just as determined but much more diverse.
       Earlier this fall PGP drew fire for releasing PGP 5.5 with a
   so-called "message recovery" feature that a corporation could require
   users to turn on to let the boss read their e-mail. Then, when McAfee
   Associates announced last week it would buy PGP, formerly supportive
   privacy advocates screamed that the company's new owners were part of
   the "Key Recovery Alliance," a group of firms devoted to producing
   data-scrambling software easily snoopable by the government.
        Now the complaining may stop, at least for a while. The
   McAfee-PGP combo, called Network Associates, has dropped out of the
   alliance. "I never would have allowed my own company to join the Key
   Recovery Alliance," Zimmermann told me yesterday. "As soon as I found
   out about McAfee being a member, I tried to do something about it."

@_date: 1997-12-09 01:18:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Kids Safe" calls for mandatory blocking sw; op-ed on summit 
[What was that the IFEA folks were saying last week? Oh, yes, I remember: by building systems like PICS you also create an irresistable temptation
for Congress to make them mandatory. --Declan]
                                 Business Wire
                            December 5, 1997, Friday
DISTRIBUTION: Business/News Editors & High-Tech Writers
LENGTH: 486 words
HEADLINE: Child-Safety Advocate Calls on Congress to Mandate Parental
Software on All Computers Sold in U.S.
DATELINE:  LOS ANGELES
   Dec. 5, 1997--Saying that we must protect children from the dangers of
sexually explicit material on the Internet, a leading child-safety advocate
Friday called on Congress to enact legislation to mandate that every
computer sold in the United States by 1999 be outfitted with parental
software that can block out sexually explicit or adult Web sites.
    Jayne Murphy Shapiro, founder and president of KIDS SAFE, an
organization dedicated to protecting children against sexual molestation,
is writing all members of Congress to express her concerns about the
dangers of the Internet and her goal to make the Internet online experience
safe, educational and entertaining for chldren.
    Shapiro, who attended the Internet Online Summit in Washington this
week and met with government officials and community activists from across
the country, said, "Mandating that computer makers install screening
software will give parents new power to control what material young
children are exposed to.
    "Our proposal would require manufacturers to install computer software
in new computers to allow parents to block Internet sites considered too
violent or obscene for their children.  The easy-to-use filtering software
would allow parents, educators and employers to screen the Internet,
providing an alternative to government censorship."
    Shapiro pointed out that KIDS SAFE does not believe in censorship of
the Internet, but rather in the common goal of protecting the First
Amendment and the Internet so it can be used for free expression, education
and commerce.
    Current software on the market allows for an Internet site to be
blocked if it meets the following guidelines: 1) a disclaimer indicating
restricted access; and 2) a screen or warning that identifies the site as
adult-oriented or containing information unsuitable for those underage or
the publisher has requested that his/her site be blocked.
    "Screening software, coupled with parental responsibility, enables
parents to make informed decisions about what Internet sites their children
can enter," said Shapiro.  "Parental responsibility, with the help of the
screening software, can be a major step in curtailing the needless exposure
inappropriate Web sites that plague the Internet." -0- NOTE: Jayne Murphy
Shapiro, president of KIDS SAFE, is available for comments on this or any
other child-safety issues.
                        The Record (Bergen County, NJ)
                    December 4, 1997; THURSDAY; ALL EDITIONS
SECTION: OPINION; Pg. L10
LENGTH: 618 words
HEADLINE: PEDOPHILES IN CYBERSPACE ;
WE MUST STOP CHILD PORNOGRAPHY ON THE INTERNET
BYLINE: The Record
   THE increasing presence of child pornography on the Internet is a
national problem that must be dealt with aggressively and quickly. This is
not a free-speech or First Amendment issue. Child pornography is a crime.
We do not tolerate it in our communities, and we should not
tolerate it in cyberspace.
   Unfortunately, as a Page One article in The Record pointed out
yesterday, cyberspace is tailor-made for the dissemination of child
pornography. It allows pedophiles instant access to explicit photos in the
privacy of their own homes, and it gives distributors and collectors enough
anonymity to avoid getting caught and being prosecuted.
   In fact, the anonymity and the ease of finding sexually
explicit material involving children on the Internet may have actually
broadened the audience for child pornography. And law enforcement
officials worry that this could in turn lead to increased child sexual abuse.
   Vice President Al Gore has been leading a campaign to make the
Internet safe for children. This week, he announced a new partnership
between Internet service providers and the Justice Department in an
effort to crack down on child pornography, and a toll-free hot line to
report any suspected incidents of child sexual exploitation.
   America Online also announced its cooperation."When child
pornography is appropriately brought to our attention and we have
control over it, we will remove it,"AOL Chairman Steve Case said.
   But law enforcement officials, computer experts, and child
advocates say it's not that easy, by any means. Even if AOL cooperates, a
great deal of child pornography is found on chat rooms hosted by
hundreds of much smaller providers, who are loathe to police themselves
because of liability or censorship concerns, or because they don't have the
staff to do so.
   The Record's article also pointed out that most law enforcement
officials are not knowledgeable enough to track down child pornography
distributors, who are experts at disguising themselves on the Internet and
finding new ways to fool monitors. Law enforcement officials may
also lack the manpower needed to track down pedophiles."If we go on
line undercover for one night,"one investigator said,"we're busy for
two weeks, getting warrants and records."
   Many more"cybercops"are needed at the federal, state, and
local levels who have the expertise to keep one step ahead of child
pornographers, and much more manpower and training is needed.
   In New Jersey, state Sen. Andrew Ciesla, R-Brick, has
introduced a bill that would create a high-tech crimes and investigation
support unit for the state police. The measure, which should be
approved, would set aside $ 400,000 for the unit to investigate computer
crimes, including child pornography on the Internet, and create a
24-hour toll-free state hot line for reporting anything suspicious.
    Alerting the authorities is a key component of this crackdown,
and Mr. Gore also announced a national"Cybertip"hot line to report
suspicious on-line activity related to child pornography. The number is
(800) 843-5678.
   The vice president is to be commended for seeking ways to stop
these ugly predators. But this effort must be more than just lip
service. It will take time to find the most effective ways to crack down on
child pornography on the Internet, but the quest should take on
increasing urgency, given all the evidence that the problem is growing.
    In the meantime, intense pressure should be brought to bear on the
Internet industry, which can make a huge dent in this particularly vile
cybercrime by aggressively policing itself.

@_date: 1997-12-09 02:00:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Time Magazine on America Online pornospam and Kids Summit 
Time Magazine
December 15, 1997
Page 76
AMERICA ONLINE'S LITTLE PROBLEM
By Michael D. Lemonick
Reported by Bruce van Voorst and Declan McCullagh/Washington
   If you logged on to America Online last week, you may well have found
   E-mail waiting from someone you never heard of imploring you to JOIN
   US AT PINK PUSSY CLUB THE HOTTEST SITE FOR XXX LIVE GIRL SEX SHOWS!!
   or proclaiming OVER 1,000 EROTIC AND EXOTIC SHOWS!!!!!! CLICK HERE TO
   ENTER or any of hundreds of similar electronic come-ons.
   Spam--unsolicited junk E-mail--is perhaps the most irritating feature
   of online life. Its purveyors use powerful software to "harvest"
   screen names and then ship out bulk electronic mail bearing sales
   pitches or get-rich-quick schemes.
Other Time features:
Bruce Handy on last week's Kids Summit: "Why Johnny Can't Surf":
Time poll on Are Your Kids Safe Online?

@_date: 1997-12-09 23:27:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [MORE] Re: A Pretty Good Story 
Um, yes. This is exactly what I wrote in my article yesterday. ("The
McAfee-PGP combo, called Network Associates, has dropped out of the
Zimmermann didn't even know McAfee was in it until late last week.

@_date: 1997-12-10 01:05:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senator to review "voluntary" privacy guidelines 
[So much for the privacy code being "voluntary." It's precisely as
voluntary and ill-advised as the Vchip or PICS. All illustrate one point:
if corporations don't self-regulate, the government will do it for them.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
US lawmaker to review info industry's privacy code
    WASHINGTON, Dec 8 (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Commerce Committee chairman
John McCain said Monday he planned to review voluntary industry efforts to
protect the privacy of people using the Internet.
   The Arizona Republican made the statement in a letter to the head of the
 Information Technology Industry Council, a group of computer manufacturers
 that unveiled on Monday a code of conduct for respecting privacy on their
sites on the Internet's World Wide Web.
   "I look forward to reviewing these standards at the Commerce Committee,"
 McCain said.
   McCain called the group's eight privacy principles "a good first step,"
adding that he was "pleased the industry took it upon itself to attempt to
deal with this important issue."
   Council officials said the voluntary guidelines were, in part, intended
to address the concerns of lawmakers and President Bill Clinton, who in
July challenged the industry to come up with practices to protect privacy.
   The council included major personal computer makers such as Dell
Computer Corp  and Compaq Computer Corp , chipmakers like
Intel Corp  and Motorola Inc  and manufacturers of related
gear like AMP Inc  and Lexmark International Group Inc .
   The guidelines recommend that a company notify consumers of what
personal data are being collected on a Web site and allow them some degree
of choice over how the data are used.
   Technological solutions should be employed "enabling individual data
providers to exercise choice and control over their personal data," the
guidelines said.
   Companies should also limit the collection of data to what is needed for
 valid business reasons and to ensure the data's accuracy and security.
   One aspect of the guidelines that could draw fire from the White House
and Capitol Hill concerns the protection of children's privacy.
   In July, Clinton said protecting children, who might be unable to make
"informed choices" about revealing personal information, could justify some
 legislation.
   The new guidelines recommend only that parents teach their children
appropriate behavior. "Individuals should use their powers of choice in the
 marketplace to safeguard their personal data and that of the children,"
the guidelines said in the only explicit reference to youngsters.

@_date: 1997-12-10 05:15:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Staff changes at the Center for Democracy and Technology 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE              Contact:  Graeme Browning
                                             voice: 202-637-9800, ext. 275
                                             email: gbrowning at cdt.org
  JOURNALIST AND AUTHOR GRAEME BROWNING JOINS THE CENTER FOR DEMOCRACY AND
                   TECHNOLOGY AS COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR
           FORMER COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR JONAH SEIGER TO ESTABLISH
                         CAMPAIGN CONSULTING FIRM
Washington, DC, December 9, 1997 -- The Center for Democracy and Technology
(CDT), a leading online civil liberties group, today announced that Graeme
Browning, a former reporter for some of the country's most prominent
newspapers and magazines, as well as author of a recent book on using the
Internet to transform politics, has become the group's new Communications
Director. Browning replaces Jonah Seiger, who is leaving to form a
Washington-based Internet campaign consulting company with Shabbir J.
Safdar, former director of the Voters Telecommunications Watch, a public
interest group in New York City.
With Browning's help the Center for Democracy and Technology will broaden
its efforts to promote democratic values, free speech and privacy in the
Digital Age. "Graeme's  years of experience with both the print and the
electronic media will be a valuable resource for us as we build on Jonah's
excellent work and reach out to the rapidly expanding audience of citizens
who use the Internet," said Jerry Berman, CDT's executive director. "Graeme
shares our vision of the Net as the medium best able to nurture the many
voices of a democracy. Her ability to articulate that vision will be of
critical value to CDT."
Browning, who holds a law degree from Vanderbilt University, joins CDT
after six years covering Congress and high-tech issues for National
Journal, one of the most respected political magazines in Washington. She
has also been a reporter with the Washington Post, the Chicago Sun-Times,
the (Baltimore) Sun, the (Nashville) Tennessean, and United Press
International, and was also legal affairs reporter for the ABC network
affiliate in Nashville. Last year Browning established herself as an
authority in the Internet policy area with the publication of Electronic
Democracy: Using the Internet to Influence American Politics (Pemberton
Press, 1996), a guide to computer-based grassroots organizing that the
Washington Times called "an essential book for anyone who wants to navigate
the political dimensions of the Internet."
Seiger, who has been a key staff member of the Center for Democracy and
Technology since its founding in late 1994, "played a crucial role in
developing CDT's pioneering use of the 'Net as a means of grassroots
organizing and public education," Berman said. "Jonah was instrumental in
positioning CDT as the leading voice on issues impacting civil liberties on
the Internet. He has been a tremendous asset for us from the start."
"I am confident that Jonah and Shabbir will be successful at bringing their
considerable online organizing skills to a wider audience," Berman added,
"and CDT looks forward to collaborating with them in their new venture."
In the past three years, Berman said, Seiger has made major contributions
to a number of CDT accomplishments, including:
* the defeat of an important anti-encryption proposal before the House
  Committee,
* the "blacken your Web page" protest of the Communications Decency Act in
  December 1996,
* and the recruitment of more than 57,000 Internet users to a coalition
  supporting CDT's ultimately successful efforts to persuade the U.S. Supreme
  Court to overturn the Act.
* Seiger also organized CDT's production of the first live cybercast of a
  congressional hearing on the Internet,
* and launched democracy.net, a Web site devoted to cybercasting live "Town
  Hall" meetings with Members of Congress as well as hearings on such
issues as
  encryption and the right to privacy online.
Seiger and Safdar's new firm will provide strategic consulting and online
advocacy management  and  campaign design services to help non-profits,
associations and candidates use the Internet to advance public policy
goals. Safdar founded the Voters Telecommunications Watch in 1994 and has
collaborated with CDT on several major online campaigns.
The Center for Democracy and Technology, a non-profit public interest
organization based in Washington, D.C., works to advance civil liberties
and democratic values on the Internet and in other interactive media.
                                  #  #  #  #  #

@_date: 1997-12-11 06:41:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cybercrime Summit, from Netly/Afternoon Line 
The Netly News / Afternoon Line (
December 10, 1997
Big Eight Ball
   At a briefing at FBI headquarters today, top police officials from
   eight countries outlined a 10-point action plan calling for greater
   cooperation, joint training and a revision of national laws to combat
   malicious hackers and "cybercrime."
   Anne McLellan, Canada's attorney general, said her country wanted to
   crack down on "old crimes using new technology -- for example, child
   pornography or hate." Left unsaid was how, for instance, the U.S.
   could follow Canada's lead and ban racist web sites, which are
   permissible under the First Amendment.
   Among the virtual crimes listed were the "cyber-offenses" of money
   laundering and... H-bomb smuggling? (In response to a reporter's
   question, the Russians denied they had misplaced 84 of their nuclear
   weapons.) Heinz Lanfermann, Germany's state secretary, added to the
   list of Internet undesirables "all those who are organizing slave
   trading and drug trafficking and car theft."
   U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno pointedly declined to address
   encryption, saying "it was generally not a topic" discussed. She did,
   however, applaud the Internet industry for offering to "work together
   in a collaborative manner" to track "computer criminals."
   But she clearly intends to do more than collaborate: The joint
   principles call for the government "to continue providing the public
   and private sectors with standards for reliable and secure
   telecommunications and data processing technologies." Like the Clipper
   Chip, maybe? --By Declan McCullagh/Washington
[More Afternoon Line stories are at  ]

@_date: 1997-12-11 07:06:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton in the doghouse (humor) 
LAUGH TRACK
live in the White House, so it's going have to go outside if it's
going to make fund raising calls" ("PI," ABC 12/9).  David
Letterman: "And now they've got him working on training him to
dig cemetary plots at Arlington National Cemetery" ("Late Show,"
CBS 12/9).  Jay Leno on VP Gore: "New movie coming out called
"Digging to China' It's all about Al Gore's search for campaign
donations" ("Tonight," 12/9). For more on the complicated family
tree of Mick Jagger and Jerry Hall, who just had a baby (his 6th,
her 4th), click Back Bench.
10. Whenever you bury a bone, president digs it up and eats it.
  TV SOUNDBITE
"This story's not going to die."

@_date: 1997-12-11 07:41:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-buff & conservative GOPer for president? 
*9   ASHCROFT: HEALER OF THE BREACH?
Republic's Zengerle profiles Sen. John Ashcroft (R-MO).
Ashcroft, "the most authentic social conservative currently
receiving serious consideration" for the GOP nod, is "laying
claim to the Reagan legacy," in an effort to "prevent his base
from splintering."  An ally of the religious right, "who view
Ashcroft as a fellow traveler," he "holds morning prayer meetings
in his office, and on Sundays he attends Assembly of God services
in an underground movie theater at Union Station."  He has
proposed a bill to make social Security taxes deductible, will
unveil his own flat-tax proposal and "continues to push" for term
limits.  His "strategy has one salient flaw, however: it is risky
for a candidate of such low national name recognition to cast
himself as a healer of the breach."  A prominent conservative:
"Steve Forbes can't legitimately say that he's been fighting the
good fight for this community for the past ten years. ... He's
kicked this constituency in the teeth for a better part of the
decade. If I'm John Ashcroft, I'd point that out" (12/22 issue).

@_date: 1997-12-13 06:08:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT VTW "aces" launch "bold" new Net-firm, by Brock Meeks 
Noted Net lobbyists form for-profit firm Two non-profit cyberspace
advocates now look to market Internet strategies
By Brock Meeks
WASHINGTON -- This is a story of defection. Two well-known
voices on cyberspace advocacy issues Jonah Seiger of the Center for
Democracy and Technology and Shabbir Safdar of Voters
Telecommunication Watch said Tuesday they're forming a
company specializing in "Internet campaign strategies."
Spin doctors for fun and profit. And along they way, they hope to
help make the Internet safe for Democracy.
The move is a dramatic shift for the two. In four years they have
been at the forefront of the most contentious issues in cyberspace.
They've created and honed their Internet strategies in the
bare-knuckle world of Washington politics with incessant digital
lobbying. No more. "We aren't going to be walking
around the halls of Congress lobbying on behalf of anybody,"
Seiger said.
IS ANYBODY HERE? The move is bold, even brash. Seiger and Safdar are
banking that the Internet is, first, a viable medium for "moving an issue"
as they call it and, second, that companies or organizations are going to
be willing to pony up money to mount an Internet campaign. On second
thought, maybe this is simply blind faith. If this defection is born of blind faith in a nascent medium, then
Seiger and Safdar are true disciples. Seizer's own currency
inside the Center for Democracy and Technology has been on a steady
rise; he routinely is quoted on cyberspace issues. Now he's
chucked all that for a start-up that depends on a medium that
hasn't yet proven it can sustain a commercially viable site.
Whether or not the sound bite plays at the bank and with a host of
potential clients, is another matter altogether. If Mindshare is
going to be successful, it'll have to have an ace up its
digital sleeve. It doesn't. It has two: Seiger and Safdar.

@_date: 1997-12-13 07:25:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Could a Jim Bell do the same thing? 
Sometimes, Daufenbach notes, a freshly arrested child
        Molesters often talk graphically about the children

@_date: 1997-12-13 07:32:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Freeh on how his encryption statements must be okayed 
REP. STEVE HORN (R-CA):  Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director, going
back to the Franklin Roosevelt administration, each administration
has had a policy on the clearance of testimony, the review of
testimony by high-ranking officials before they come up to the
Hill.  Was your statement cleared by OMB and/or the White House?
MR. FREEH:  As far as I know it was not.  I gave a copy to the
attorney general.  She gave me a copy of hers.  But there was no
editing or suggestions done.  I don't know if OMB got it or not.
Maybe I can find out.  (Confers with staff.)
REP. HORN:  Is that the usual procedure?
MR. FREEH:  I'm told they did not get a copy.
REP. HORN:  Yeah.  Is that - what is the usual procedure to review
MR. FREEH:  The usual procedure would be, if I'm talking about
counterterrorism or encryption, which I won't talk about today,
yeah, we send it up to OMB, they review it.  Sometimes they have
suggestions, sometimes they have objections.  We discuss that. That
was not done in this case.

@_date: 1997-12-13 07:45:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACLU and EPIC comments on Digital Telephony/wiretapping 
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of			)
Communications Assistance for	)
Law Enforcement Act		)
Reply Comments of the
American Civil Liberties Union, Electronic Privacy Information Center and
Electronic Frontier Foundation
organization of more than 250,000 members dedicated to preserving the
freedoms embodied in the Bill of Rights.  The Electronic Privacy
Information Center ("EPIC") is a non-profit public interest research center
that examines the civil liberties and privacy implications of new
technologies.  The Electronic Frontier Foundation ("EFF") is also a public
interest organization devoted to protecting civil liberties in digital
of Proposed Rulemaking ("NPRM") on implementation of the Communications
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ("CALEA")   to urge the Commission to
exercise its conferred authority by extending the deadline for compliance
with the Act to no earlier than October 24, 2000.
statute's inception, and neither the public, nor the telecommunications
industry are in a position to comprehend the scope of the capacity and
surveillance requirements sought by the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI").  We believe that the impasse in the enactment process alone makes
the implementation of CALEA impossible under the current statutory deadline
of October, 1998.
actual technical standards that may be adopted by industry, are not
addressed in this NPRM, the Commission must extend the deadline for
compliance to allow for the public scrutiny contemplated by CALEA.
In short, we base our conclusions on the foregoing:
I.	To date, the FBI has not met its public capacity notice
requirements under the Act which require law enforcement to quantify the
actual and maximum capacity technical needs, including projections with the
number of anticipated interceptions.  Industry, the public and the Congress
need an accurate assessment of the capacity requirements to provide
meaningful oversight and to ensure that they do not exceed the statutory
scope.  No implementation of CALEA should proceed without compliance with
this statutory requirement.
II.	Law enforcement was not permitted to dictate system design under
CALEA, but has placed a choke hold on the process by repeatedly preventing
the adoption of industry standards and creating a "wish list" of
technically infeasible and costly requirements.  In addition, it has become
abundantly clear that the FBI is seeking unprecedented surveillance
capabilities never envisioned by the Congress.  Simply put they have
consistently requested that industry provide numerous capabilities for
surveillance that go far beyond the current court-authorized electronic
surveillance under the provisions of Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control
and Safe Streets Act of 1968, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of
1986 and CALEA. Thus, the Commission must engage in detailed review of this
process by extending the compliance date.
III.	Congressional limitations on information subject to interception
have been disregarded. CALEA required the strengthening of privacy
protections so that carriers do not intercept or disclose any information
they are not authorized to. The additional surveillance features sought by
the FBI contravene the Congress' intention to maintain current levels of
surveillance and not expand them.  We also address some incorrect
assumptions in the NPRM that would expand CALEA's application. We conclude
that these issues preclude "reasonably achievable" implementation of the
Background on Surveillance and CALEA
that make it possible to easily communicate in a variety of ways, also make
possible new forms of government intrusion and surveillance.  Additionally,
the actual use of government surveillance has grown faster in recent years
than ever before and
in past 10 years, the number of interceptions per year has more than doubled.
the U.S. Courts and the Department of Justice:
security 	investigations increased substantially in 1996;
agencies for 	criminal purposes also increased, from 1058 in 1995 to 1150
in 1996 (a 	nine percent increase);
all, 	interceptions were in effect  for a total of 43,635 days in 1996.
continued to occur in drug-related cases: 71.4 percent (821 total) for drug
investigations; 9.9 percent  (114) for gambling; 9.1 percent (105) for
racketeering; 3.5 percent  (41) for homicide and assault and a few each for
bribery, kidnapping, larceny and theft, and loan sharking.  No orders were
issued for "arson, explosives, and weapons" investigations.
continued to be relatively inefficient. Overall, 2.2 million conversations
were captured in 1996.  A total of 1.7 million intercepted conversations
were deemed not "incriminating" by prosecutors.  Each interception resulted
in the capture of an average of 1,969 conversations. Prosecutors reported
that on average, 422 (21.4 percent) of the conversations were
"incriminating."  Federal intercepts were particularly efficient, with only
15.6 percent of the intercepted conversations reported as "incriminating."
responding to FBI pressure and allegations that new technology hampers the
ability to conduct electronic interceptions,  the Congress enacted CALEA.
The law was enacted during the final days of the 103d Congress amidst
fervent opposition from the ACLU, EPIC, EFF and other concerned
organizations that believed that the FBI had not substantiated the need for
extraordinary government surveillance capabilities.  We adhere to those
views even today. Furthermore, the dramatic rise in the number of
interceptions conducted rebuts the government claim that new technologies
frustrate wiretapping abilities.
interception capabilities despite changes in technologies by October, 1998.
The legislative history of CALEA makes clear that the Act was intended "to
balance three key policies: (1) to preserve a narrowly focused capability
for law enforcement agencies to carry out properly authorized intercepts;
(2) to protect privacy in the face of increasingly powerful and personally
revealing technologies; and (3) to avoid impeding the development of new
communications services and technologies."  To maintain that balance,
Congress established detailed guidelines on how industry standard setting
organizations would accomplish the costly mandate of CALEA and imposed
several obligations on law enforcement to facilitate the process as well.
association or a standards-setting organization will set the technical
standards; the Attorney General must consult with the standards-setting
organizations, with representatives of users of telecommunications
equipment, facilities, and services, and with State utility commissions,
"to ensure the efficient and industry-wide implementation of the assistance
capability requirements."
issued by industry standards-setting organization or if any person believes
any standards issued are deficient, the Federal Communications Commission
may establish such requirements or standards.   The Commission has
promulgated the current NPRM in response to an impasse in the
implementation process and the failure of law enforcement to effectively
cooperate and fulfill its statutory obligation in providing detailed notice
of its technical capacity requirements so that industry can promulgate
technical standards.
undertaken irrespective of the actual industry standard requirements to
determine whether it is "reasonably achievable" to enact CALEA within its
compliance period.  The NPRM section 50 specifically states:
Because it is not clear whether requests for extension of time of the
Section 103 compliance date will be forthcoming, we do not propose to
promulgate specific rules regarding requests at this time. We propose to
permit carriers to petition the Commission for an extension of time under
Section 107, on the basis of the criteria specified in Section 109 to
determine whether it is reasonably achievable for the petitioning carrier
"with respect to any equipment, facility, or service installed or deployed
after January 1, 1995" to comply with the assistance capability
requirements of Section 103 within the compliance time period.  We seek
comment on that proposal.  We also seek comment on what factors, other than
those specified in Section 109 of CALEA, the Commission should consider in
determining whether CALEA's assistance capability requirements are
reasonably achievable within the compliance period.
Commission may consider in determining whether CALEA's capability
requirements are reasonably achievable within the compliance period.  The
legislative history of CALEA makes clear that the factors provided by
Congress were "designed to give the Commission direction so that the
following goals are realized: (1) Costs to consumers are kept low, so that
'gold-plating' by the industry is kept in check; (2) the legitimate needs
of law enforcement are met, but that law enforcement does not engage in
gold-plating of its demands; (3) privacy interests of all Americans are
protected; (4) the goal of encouraged competition in all forms of
telecommunications is not undermined, and the fact of wiretap compliance is
not used as either a sword or a shield in realization of that goal."
FCC should extend the compliance deadlines as permitted by Congress.
I. CALEA's Capacity Notice Requirements:
notice of capacity requirement to industry not later than one year after
the law's enactment.  Hence the deadline for the notice was October 25,
1995. Carriers were provided with a deadline of three years after
notification by the Attorney General to install capacity that meets the
notification requirements.  Under the timetable that Congress proposed,
industry's deadline would have been October 1998.
identify capacity required at specific locations, and to base the notice on
the type of equipment or service involved, or by the type of carrier.  In
addition, it requires the Attorney General to provide a numerical estimate
of law enforcement's anticipated use of electronic surveillance for 1998.
The statute also defines the maximum capacity as the largest number of
intercepts that a particular switch or system must be capable of
implementing simultaneously. The initial capacity relates to the number of
intercepts the government will need to make on the date that is four years
after enactment.
enforcement surveillance activity, Congress intended CALEA's notice
requirements to serve as "mechanisms that will allow for Congressional and
public oversight. The bill requires the government to estimate its capacity
needs and publish them in the Federal Register."  Congress made it clear
that "[t]he purpose behind the provision is... to ensure that carriers
receive adequate and specific notice from the Attorney General about the
needs of law enforcement...".
a. The First FBI Notice
the Attorney General, issued a first proposed capacity notice. The Notice
was criticized for; (1) failing to comply with the notification and public
accountability provisions mandated in CALEA; and (2) failing to
substantiate the proposed capacity requirements with adequate
documentation.   Ultimately, it was withdrawn by the Bureau for these
number of communications interceptions" that the Bureau estimates will be
needed by the end of 1998. Instead, the capacity requirements were
"presented as a percentage of the engineered capacity of the equipment,
facilities, and services that provide a customer or subscriber with the
ability to originate, terminate, or direct communications." 60 Fed. Reg.
stated: "[t]he Bureau's "percentage" approach to capacity requirements
allows neither telecommunications carriers nor the public to 'know the
required level of capacity.'"   The percentages contained in the Federal
Register notice (e.g., maximum capacity of one percent of "engineered
capacity" for geographic areas falling within Category I) also engendered a
great deal of public confusion concerning the Bureau's proposed
requirements and their impact on the privacy of personal communications.
the front page of November 2, 1995, New York Times interpreted the Bureau's
notice as requiring "the capacity to monitor simultaneously as many as one
out of every 100 phone lines." Asked about the issue at a press briefing
later that day, Deputy Attorney General Jamie S. Gorelick said "there
appears to be some misunderstanding or miscommunication as to the
implications of what is contained in [the Federal Register] notice." In a
letter to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde, Director Freeh
asserted that, "We have not and are not asking for the ability to monitor
one out of every 100 telephone lines or any other ridiculous number like
that. ... Information supplied by the FBI was simply applied in a manner
not intended to reach erroneous conclusions."
b. The Second FBI Notice
publish rules as a result of the proceeding.    The second NPRM was also
rejected by industry and privacy groups alike for requiring greater
capacity for interceptions by carriers than actually required today.
          The second FBI notice called for substantial increases in
surveillance of both landline and wireless communications over the next ten
years, with a total maximum capacity of 57,749 simultaneous intercepts to
be conducted in the United States.  Calculating out the percentages
provided by the FBI, by 1998 the FBI anticipates an increase of 33 percent
of landline interceptions and 70 percent of wireless phones. By 2004, the
Bureau estimates a total increase of 74 percent in interceptions of
landline phones and 277 percent in wireless phones.
particular region would have to install capacity sufficient to meet the
total surveillance needs for that area, even if the carrier only served a
portion of the customers in the area. Such a plan would not only be cost
prohibitive, but would provide for unauthorized and unnecessary
          Moreover, the second notice failed to make any distinction
between the interception of call content and call-identifying information,
even though this too was expressly required by Congress. From both
constitutional law and privacy perspectives, this distinction is critical
since the interception of call content is inherently more intrusive than
the interception of call-identifying information.  Any number of innocent
individuals, conveying private information could be subject to unwarranted
invasions by allowing call content information without court authorization.
It is for this reason that CALEA limits the type of information that may be
intercepted under pen register and trap and trace authority.
c. Law Enforcement is Actually Seeking Enhanced Surveillance Capabilities
government has not promulgated final rules. The Bureau's refusal to provide
the actual capacity requirements in its Federal Register notice denies any
possibility of meaningful public oversight.  Recently, the FBI has stated
that it intends to promulgate a final notice January, 1998.  Even if final
regulations are promulgated at this late date, it will be impossible for
industry to adopt technical standards accordingly under the current
deadline of October 25, 1998.  If the Congressional mandate for "public
oversight" of the FBI's implementation of CALEA is to be realized, it is
incumbent upon the Bureau to make available additional information
concerning its proposed capacity requirements and then for the Commission
to require sufficient time for public review.
representatives from the telecommunications industry testified before the
Subcommittee on Crime of the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of
Representatives on the implementation of CALEA.   The consensus of each of
the industry speakers was that the Bureau's failure to provide rules in a
timely fashion has prevented CALEA's implementation.
Association stated, "[t]he FBI's delay in announcing its final capacity
notice has been a significant obstacle for industry standard setting
organizations. Throughout 1995 and early 1996, industry participants often
postponed resolving certain issues pending the release of the capacity
regulations and the equally anticipated Electronic Surveillance Interface."
the FBI seeks go well beyond that authorized under CALEA.   As we discuss
below, we believe that the standards and the petitions submitted by
industry and CDT/EFF make clear that the FBI has asked for capabilities not
provided for by CALEA.
non-compliance with CALEA's capacity notice requirements warrant a
Commission order delaying implementation.  Additionally, since this NPRM
does not address the actual technical standards being considered for
industry adoption, the Commission must extend the deadline for compliance
pending public review.
compromise on the standards, but even if industry is strong-armed by the
FBI into complying with their requests, we intend to petition the FCC to
engage in through review of the issues not included in this proceeding.
II. Law Enforcement Has Prevented Industry Adoption of Authorized Standards
By "Gold Plating" its Stated Needs
 	Congress expressly denied law enforcement agencies the authority to
dictate the design of telecommunications networks under CALEA by conferring
this authority to industry associations.   Industry has proposed several
standards proposals which may be adopted in the near future.  However,
industry organizations have publicly acknowledged that law enforcement
agencies have played an extensive role in the process and have thwarted the
opportunity to adopt reasonable standards.
the FBI resistance, on July 16, Cellular Telecommunications Industry
Association petitioned the FCC to assume the authority over standards
adoption.  The petition indicates, the organizations were compelled to
adopt FBI requests.  More recently, in hearings on the implementation of
CALEA before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, October 23,
industry groups explained how the FBI has prevented adoption of reasonable
standards.  Many members of the Committee were critical of both the Act and
the FBI.  Rep. Bob Barr (R-GA), who chaired part of the hearing, bluntly
stated that the legislation would not have passed in the
Republican 104th or 105th Congresses.
not required by the 1994 law.  These include an enhanced ability to track
geographical locations of cell phones, the ability to monitor conference
calls when the targeted party has left, and the ability to separate out
content from signaling data of packet-based communications.
during a vote on the specifications also came under fire.  The Bureau
organized a campaign to vote down the industry-developed standards, which
was described in the hearing as "ballot stuffing."  Twenty-eight police
agencies filed the same 74-page ballot comments, including a sheriff in
Florida who included the FBI's letter requesting that he file the comments.
CTIA's Wheeler described the FBI's actions as "rolling a hand grenade under
the table."
negotiations with the Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA) over
the wiretap standard, to petition the American National Standards Institute
(ANSI) to revoke the standards-settings authority of TIA after 50 years.
The FBI apparently withdrew the request after several months.
Association explained that the impasse in the CALEA process was due in
large part to FBI interference.  He stated:
"Unfortunately, a breakdown of monumental proportions has occurred. As of
today, final standards have not been set, in large measure due to the
actions of law enforcement officials. Initially, the FBI waited almost one
and one-half years after the enactment of CALEA to submit its
recommendations to standards setting bodies. After the submission of this
list, industry representatives and the FBI were able to reach consensus on
standards that provided, by PCIA's estimates, 90 percent of the
capabilities that the FBI had requested. Since then, however, the FBI has
held up the entire standards setting process in order to ensure that every
capability on its "wish list" is made part of the standards."
Industry Association, stated that industry concessions to FBI demands have
been rejected by law enforcement and they have been pressured to concede
even more:
"During these meetings, industry made several concessions to law
enforcement, agreeing to include features in the standard that many in
industry were convinced were not required under CALEA. For example, law
enforcement requested that it be provided with continuous information about
the location of an intercept subject's cellular phone, irrespective of
whether the phone was being used or not. Industry refused to provide this
feature, finding that it greatly exceeded what CALEA permitted. In a
compromise, however, industry agreed to provide law enforcement with the
location of a cell phone at the beginning and end of each call -- even
though many industry participants felt that even this compromise exceeded
the scope of CALEA."
standard goes well beyond a fair reading of CALEA and incorporates several
of the additional features and capabilities requested by law enforcement
prior to CALEA's passage but which were rejected by the Congress.
III Congressional Limitations on Information Subject to Interception Have
Been Disregarded
government surveillance capabilities.  To guarantee that surveillance is
not expanded, CALEA requires telecommunications carriers to protect user
privacy and security of information they are not authorized to intercept.
specifically imposes four industry requirements to protect privacy while
assisting with law enforcement interceptions. Carriers are required to
ensure that their systems are capable of:
 (1) expeditiously isolating and enabling the government, pursuant to a
court order or other lawful authorization, to intercept, to the exclusion
of any other communications, all wire and electronic communications carried
by the carrier within a service area...;
(2) expeditiously isolating and enabling the government, pursuant to a
court order or other lawful authorization, to access call-identifying
information that is reasonably available to the carrier--
(A) before, during, or immediately after the transmission of a wire or
electronic communication...; and
 (B) in a manner that allows it to be associated with the communication to
which it pertains, except that, with regard to information acquired solely
pursuant to the authority for pen registers and trap and trace devices (as
defined in section 3127 of title 18, United States Code), such
call-identifying information shall not include any information that may
disclose the physical location of the subscriber (except to the extent that
the location may be determined from the telephone number);
 (3) delivering intercepted communications and call-identifying information
to the government, pursuant to a court order or other lawful authorization,
in a format such that they may be transmitted by means of equipment,
facilities, or services procured by the government to a location other than
the premises of the carrier; and
 (4) facilitating authorized communications interceptions and access to
call-identifying information unobtrusively and with a minimum of
interference with any subscriber's telecommunications service and in a
manner that protects--
 (A) the privacy and security of communications and call-identifying
information not authorized to be intercepted; and
 (B) information regarding the government's interception of communications
and access to call-identifying information.   (emphasis added)
type of information that could be permissibly provided by industry to the
FBI under CALEA by distinguishing between call content and call identifying
information. Thus, we disagree with assumptions made in the NPRM that
broaden the scope of communications information that may be intercepted.
Section 20 states:
"We tentatively conclude that providers of exclusively information
services, such as electronic mail providers and on-line services providers,
are excluded from CALEA's requirements and are therefore not required to
modify or design their systems to comply with CALEA....[W]e seek comment on
the applicability of CALEA's requirements to information services provided
by common carriers.  We also note, however, that Congress anticipated that
calling features such as call forwarding, call waiting, three-way calling,
speed dialing, and the "call redirection portion of voice mail" would be
subject to CALEA's requirements.  We tentatively conclude that calling
features associated with telephone service are classified as
telecommunications services for the purposes of CALEA, and carriers
offering these services are therefore required to make all necessary
network modifications to comply with CALEA." (emphasis added)
information services including electronic mail and on-line services
recognizing that interception of those communications is the equivalent of
"call content" and is therefore, subject to a much higher degree of
protection under the Constitution.  The NPRM, however, incorrectly assumes
there is a distinction between carriers that exclusively provide
information services and common carriers that provide information services.
There is absolutely no basis for such a distinction under CALEA.  Congress
did not exclude such services based on the carrier offering the services,
but on the nature of the services and a recognition that content of
communications has always been accorded greater protections.
associated with telephone services are subject to CALEA as "call
identifying" information is incorrect.  CALEA restricts recording or
decoding of electronic impulses to dialing and signaling information that
relates to call processing only.  Congress explicitly rejected the
inclusion of "other dialing tones that may be generated by the sender that
are used to signal customer premises equipment of the recipient are not to
be treated as call-identifying information."   Thus, the addition of these
features is an expansion of current surveillance abilities and not
that Bureau contends are "call identifying" features and thus subject to
CALEA. As the Response Comments on the Petition for Rulemaking of the
Center for Democracy and Technology and the Electronic Frontier Foundation,
August 11, 1997, correctly point out, the FBI has sought the addition of
the following features not considered by Congress:
NPRM frames the discussion of privacy protection in solely in terms of the
type of record keeping procedures to be used by telecommunications carriers
that conduct interceptions on behalf of law enforcement.  However, Congress
made clear that protecting the privacy of innocent individuals from
surreptitious surveillance was of paramount importance and charged the
Commission with the task of seeing to the necessary safeguards.  The
additional surveillance features sought by the FBI contravene Congress'
intention that the law would maintain current levels of surveillance and
not expand them.   These issues must be addressed by the Commission before
the implementation of CALEA can be accomplished and before record keeping
and industry security procedures are determined.
of government surveillance of its citizens, the ACLU and EPIC urge the
Commission to take note of words written nearly 70 years ago -- that remain
true even today. As Justice Louis Brandeis so aptly stated in Olmstead v.
United States, 277 U.S. 438 (1928):
The evil incident to invasion of the privacy of the telephone is far
greater than that involved in tampering with the mails.  Whenever a
telephone line is tapped, the privacy of the persons at both ends of the
line is invaded, and all conversations between them upon any subject, and
although proper, confidential, and privileged, may be overheard.  Moreover,
the tapping of man's telephone line involves the tapping of the telephone
of every other person whom he may call, or who may call him.  As a means of
espionage, writs of assistance and general warrants are but puny
instruments of tyranny and oppression when compared with wiretapping.
non-compliance with CALEA's capacity notice requirements warrant serious
Commission response.  Congress envisioned the implementation process as an
open process to ensure that law enforcement did not surreptitiously gain
unprecedented surveillance capabilities.  Thus, before the adoption of
industry standards, there must be careful scrutinization of law
enforcement's capability requirements.  We believe the only way to
accomplish this task is for the Commission to extend the compliance
deadline to October 24, 2000 under the authority provided by the Congress.
Respectfully Submitted,
Barry Steinhardt, Associate Director
A. Cassidy Sehgal, William J. Brennan Fellow
American Civil Liberties Union
125 Broad Street, 18th Floor
New York, N.Y. 10004
(212) 549-2500
Electronic Privacy Information Center
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE, Suite 301
Washington, D.C. 20003
(202) 544-9240
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1550 Bryant Street, Suite 725
San Francisco CA 94103-4832 USA
(415) 436-9333

@_date: 1997-12-13 15:52:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-gathering today in DC (12/13) at 3 pm 
We're having a crypto-gathering in Washington, DC today to coincide with
the end of IETF. It probably would be a DC cypherpunks meeting if we had
enough notice -- but since we don't it'll be a less formal gathering
Guests -- John Gilmore and Hugh Daniel
When -- 3 pm, Saturday, December 13
Where -- Adams Morgan, Washington, DC
What -- Probably IPsec, Bernstein lawsuit, crypto legislation
If you're interested, email for details.

@_date: 1997-12-14 14:28:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Nobody will debate John Gilmore on crypto? 
[John Gilmore stopped by for this afternoon's crypto gathering to update us
on the Bernstein lawsuit. Seems odd to me that he can't find someone to
defend the administration's stance on encryption, especially since NSA's
headquarters is close to the University of Maryland. --Declan]
   From: John Gilmore      To: cme at cybercash.com, declan at well.com
   The UMBC Security Technology Research Group presents
        Two Divergent Views on Encryption Policy:
I.  Wisdom and Constitutionality in U.S. Cryptography Policy
 John Gilmore, Co-Founder, Electronic Frontier Foundation
II. A Government Perspective on Encryption Policy
 [Will anyone from the U.S. Government agree to speak??*]
Two divergent views on the topic of encryption policy by
freedom activist John Gilmore and by a government official,
if one agrees to speak.  Journalist Peter Wayner will
moderate the event, which is free and open to the public.
  Note: If no one from the U.S. Government is willing to
explain and discuss Government encryption policy, then the
event will proceed with John Gilmore alone.
  8-10:30 pm
  Tuesday, December 16, 1997
  Lecture Hall III (in Administration Building)
  University of Maryland Baltimore County
  The fifth employee of Sun Microsystems and a strong believer
in the U.S. Constitution, John Gilmore is currently involved
in litigation against several government agencies over
matters of freedom of information, freedom of expression,
and encryption policies.  He will discuss the
constitutionality of controlling encryption.
Directions: Take Exit  off interstate I-95 and follow
signs to UMBC.  LH III is on the ground floor of the (tall)
administration building, adjacent the visitor's parking
lot, near the I-95 entrance to UMBC.
Host: Dr. Alan T. Sherman
      Associate Professor, Computer Science
      sherman at cs.umbc.edu
            (410) 455-2666
     This event is held in cooperation with the UMBC
               Intellectual Sports Council
                       Honors College
               Phi Beta Kappa honors society
                   CMSC Council of Majors
                   IFSM Council of Majors
* The following U.S. Government officials declined to speak on December 16:
Barry Smith (Supervisory Special Agent, FBI)
   [Mr. Smith has agreed in principle to speak at UMBC in the spring on
    a law enforcement view of encryption policy;  the evening of
    Dec 16 turned out to be a bad time for him.]
William Reinsch (Undersecretary for Export Administration, BXA)
Bob Litt (Attorney General's Office, DoJ)
Scott Charney (Computer Crimes, DoJ)
Bruce McConnell (Information Policy, OMB)
Ron Lee (General Counsel, NSA)
Dr. Clint Brooks (Director, Cryptographic Policy, NSA)
Charlotte Knepper (Co-Chair, Inter-Agency Working Group on Encryption Policy)
Chris McLean (Staffer for Senator Bob Kerry;  helped draft legislation
  on encryption policy)
I am still hopeful to find a second speaker by Tuesday evening.

@_date: 1997-12-14 14:33:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Radio Free Cypherpunks... 
What changes? At the Cato Institute holiday party last night, I was
speaking to a lawyer from the Institute for Justice about pirate radio
lawsuits. The changes you mention didn't come up. What are they?

@_date: 1997-12-17 02:28:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton announces NEW GVT PROGRAMS to develop technology 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Honoring 14 American scientists' "passion for discovery,"
President Clinton today announced $96 million in new government-assisted
programs to develop chip-sized supercomputers, hand-held video phones and
radio-transmitting ID cards to locate lost children.
pointing to recent innovations on the Internet and human genome research.
"We must rise to master the forces of change and progress as we move
combined with industry funds, would leverage roughly $200 million for
research and development, Clinton said.
scientists of today and by our continued commitment to their passionate
quest," Clinton said.
pay for long-term university projects meant to eventually allow U.S.
companies to manufacture fingernail-sized silicon chips containing billions
of transistors.
funds to small companies working on breakthroughs in areas such as portable
video communications, radio transmitters to keep track of children and
affordable DNA diagnostics.

@_date: 1997-12-17 03:50:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The naming of the Presidential Pooch 
The stakeout before the press conference. Note the hard-hitting questions
from DC political reporters:
should have called him.
sleeping in the kitchen right now.
got another -
(Laughter.)  Yes, he's done quite well, so far.
trained.  And, you know, I get up in the morning and take him for a walk
early, at 7:00.  And then I give him breakfast, then we go for another
walk.  And then he has lunch and goes for another walk.
I'm trying to work this out.
peace in Ireland or the Middle East, you know - (chuckles) - it's -
yesterday - you could have had a great picture yesterday.  She jumped way
up - he jumped way up on my shoulder.  Socks climbed right up and got up on
my shoulders so that they would have an appropriate distance.  But we're
giving them items that the two of them have, you know, to try to get used
to the scent.  And I'll get it worked out.
anywhere.  We've got a little flexible cage back in the dining room now in
the White House.  He comes over to the Oval Office with me in the morning.
He does fine.
a senator?
tell you about - I'll answer questions about it at the press conference.
Yeah, we went through - we went through about - you know, we got thousands
of names.  It was great!  And I had so much fun reviewing them.  And then
we went - (to the puppy) - don't eat that, you just had lunch! -
(returning) - and we got down to about seven or eight, and then we got down
to three and finally made a decision.

@_date: 1997-12-17 23:22:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Browsing Under the Influence, from the Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
December 16, 1997
Browsing Under the Influence            by Tom Deerfield and Mark Dolley
        When Andre Khalifi and Chuck Haddad applied to open the
   CyberLounge in Fountain Valley, Ca., serving gourmet food with a cigar
   menu, Internet access and a full bar, they expected the community to
   enthusiastically embrace the proposal. Instead, their alcohol and
   Internet cocktail met with fierce opposition from local residents who
   saw the business as a potential threat to their safety.
       "How are we going to protect our women after these guys get
   liquored up, look at pornography and then roam the neighborhood late
   at night?" asked one resident at a public hearing.
        The Fountain Valley Police Department was worried too. Detective
   Sergeant Paul McGinnis -- a participant in the planning process -- was
   skeptical about "uncontrolled Internet access" from the get-go,
   according to Khalifi. McGinnis confirmed his concerns over the
   pornography question: "I've never actually been on the Internet, but
   my understanding is that you can get just about anything you want on
   there."

@_date: 1997-12-17 23:51:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
December 17, 1997
Penance for Pirates
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        When it comes to protecting his company's computer software,
   nobody compares with Bill Gates. Not only is the nation's richest man
   thumbing his nose at government antitrust lawyers, but he's also
   toasting his latest victory: a draconian antipiracy bill that
   President Clinton signed yesterday.
        Piloted through Congress by the deep pockets of the software,
   motion picture and recording industries, the law punishes unapproved
   "reproduction or distribution" of books, magazines, software, music or
   videos. The painful penalties must bring a smile to the face of
   software executives: fines of up to $250,000 and five years in federal
   prison.
        While you're cooling your heels in Club Fed, you'll have plenty
   of time to consider your misdeeds -- which in this case could have
   been making just three copies of Microsoft Office (cost: $360 each).
   If it's any consolation, you'll have plenty of company. Joining you
   will be anyone who "willfully" infringes copyrights worth at least
   $1,000 within a six-month period, with stiffer penalties if the total
   jumps to $2,500.
        Ouch. The cost of prosecuting millions of malfeasants has led
   critics to wonder, sensibly enough, if the FBI's time could be better
   spent chasing violent criminals. After all, software companies can
   (and do) sue copyright infringers already. "This is a dreadful piece
   of legislation," says David Post, a law professor at Temple University
   who teaches copyright law. "Congress is doing exactly what they
   shouldn't be doing: reacting in a panic and saying there's so much
   copyright infringement we need to throw people in jail."

@_date: 1997-12-18 03:56:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
Yes, if you copy $1,000 worth of CDs within six months.
You might want to read the rest of my article. I also link to the text of
the law. I suspect that your "dork publisher" example is not exactly
covered since the infringment has to be "willful." That is, you have to
KNOW that what you're doing is INDEED an infringment in order to be
That does not mean it is a good law, of course. A better example might be
knowingly posting a copyrighted article (let's say, worth $1) to Usenet. As
soon as it's distributed around Usenet's thousands of NNTP servers --
Bingo! -- you're a federal felon.
The Scientologists, I predict, will love this law.

@_date: 1997-12-18 05:03:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
Note that the law is medium-independent. That is, it just talks about
"copyrighted works." So if you copy a few videocassettes, a few CDs, a few
magazine articles, the Feds can still get you if the total value is over
$1,000. And yes, of course, it's just one or two pieces of software. In my article
I said three copies of Microsoft Office ($360 at local computer stores).

@_date: 1997-12-18 23:07:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "The Right to Read" by Richard Stallman 
Here is my CACM story.  It is my first published work of science fiction.
Copyright (C) 1996 Richard Stallman
Verbatim copying is permitted provided this notice is preserved.
This article appeared in the February 1997 issue of Communications of the
ACM (Volume 40, Number 2).
For Dan Halbert, the road to Tycho began in college--when Lissa Lenz
asked to borrow his computer.  Hers had broken down, and unless she
could borrow another, she would fail her midterm project.  There was
no one she dared ask, except Dan.
This put Dan in a dilemma.  He had to help her--but if he lent her his
computer, she might read his books.  Aside from the fact that you
could go to prison for many years for letting someone else read your
books, the very idea shocked him at first.  Like everyone, he had been
taught since elementary school that sharing books was nasty and
wrong--something that only pirates would do.
And there wasn't much chance that the SPA--the Software Protection
Authority--would fail to catch him.  In his software class, Dan had
learned that each book had a copyright monitor that reported when and
where it was read, and by whom, to Central Licensing.  (They used this
information to catch reading pirates, but also to sell personal
interest profiles to retailers.)  The next time his computer was
networked, Central Licensing would find out.  He, as computer owner,
would receive the harshest punishment--for not taking pains to prevent
the crime.
Of course, Lissa did not necessarily intend to read his books.  She
might want the computer only to write her midterm.  But Dan knew she
came from a middle-class family and could hardly afford the tuition,
let alone her reading fees.  Reading his books might be the only way
she could graduate.  He understood this situation; he himself had had
to borrow to pay for all the research papers he read.  (10% of those
fees went to the researchers who wrote the papers; since Dan aimed for
an academic career, he could hope that his own research papers, if
frequently referenced, would bring in enough to repay this loan.)
Later on, Dan would learn there was a time when anyone could go to the
library and read journal articles, and even books, without having to
pay.  There were independent scholars who read thousands of pages
without government library grants.  But in the 1990s, both commercial
and nonprofit journal publishers had begun charging fees for access.
By 2047, libraries offering free public access to scholarly literature
were a dim memory.
There were ways, of course, to get around the SPA and Central
Licensing.  They were themselves illegal.  Dan had had a classmate in
software, Frank Martucci, who had obtained an illicit debugging tool,
and used it to skip over the copyright monitor code when reading
books.  But he had told too many friends about it, and one of them
turned him in to the SPA for a reward (students deep in debt were
easily tempted into betrayal).  In 2047, Frank was in prison, not for
pirate reading, but for possessing a debugger.
Dan would later learn that there was a time when anyone could have
debugging tools.  There were even free debugging tools available on CD
or downloadable over the net.  But ordinary users started using them
to bypass copyright monitors, and eventually a judge ruled that this
had become their principal use in actual practice.  This meant they
were illegal; the debuggers' developers were sent to prison.
Programmers still needed debugging tools, of course, but debugger
vendors in 2047 distributed numbered copies only, and only to
officially licensed and bonded programmers.  The debugger Dan used in
software class was kept behind a special firewall so that it could be
used only for class exercises.
It was also possible to bypass the copyright monitors by installing a
modified system kernel.  Dan would eventually find out about the free
kernels, even entire free operating systems, that had existed around
the turn of the century.  But not only were they illegal, like
debuggers--you could not install one if you had one, without knowing
your computer's root password.  And neither the FBI nor Microsoft
Support would tell you that.
Dan concluded that he couldn't simply lend Lissa his computer.  But he
couldn't refuse to help her, because he loved her.  Every chance to
speak with her filled him with delight.  And that she chose him to ask
for help, that could mean she loved him too.
Dan resolved the dilemma by doing something even more unthinkable--he
lent her the computer, and told her his password.  This way, if Lissa
read his books, Central Licensing would think he was reading them.  It
was still a crime, but the SPA would not automatically find out about
it.  They would only find out if Lissa reported him.
Of course, if the school ever found out that he had given Lissa his
own password, it would be curtains for both of them as students,
regardless of what she had used it for.  School policy was that any
interference with their means of monitoring students' computer use was
grounds for disciplinary action.  It didn't matter whether you did
anything harmful--the offense was making it hard for the
administrators to check on you.  They assumed this meant you were
doing something else forbidden, and they did not need to know what it
Students were not usually expelled for this--not directly.  Instead
they were banned from the school computer systems, and would
inevitably fail all their classes.
Later, Dan would learn that this kind of university policy started
only in the 1980s, when university students in large numbers began
using computers.  Previously, universities maintained a different
approach to student discipline; they punished activities that were
harmful, not those that merely raised suspicion.
Lissa did not report Dan to the SPA.  His decision to help her led to
their marriage, and also led them to question what they had been
taught about piracy as children.  The couple began reading about the
history of copyright, about the Soviet Union and its restrictions on
copying, and even the original United States Constitution.  They moved
to Luna, where they found others who had likewise gravitated away from
the long arm of the SPA.  When the Tycho Uprising began in 2062, the
universal right to read soon became one of its central aims.
Author's Note:
The right to read is a battle being fought today.  Although it may
take 50 years for our present way of life to fade into obscurity, most
of the specific laws and practices described above have already been
proposed--either by the Clinton Administration or by publishers.
There is one exception: the idea that the FBI and Microsoft will keep
the root passwords for personal computers.  This is an extrapolation
from the Clipper chip and similar Clinton Administration key-escrow
proposals, together with a long-term trend: computer systems are
increasingly set up to give absentee operators control over the people
actually using the computer system.
The SPA, which actually stands for Software Publisher's Association,
is not today an official police force.  Unofficially, it acts like
one.  It invites people to inform on their coworkers and friends; like
the Clinton Administration, it advocates a policy of collective
responsibility whereby computer owners must actively enforce copyright
or be punished.
The SPA is currently threatening small Internet service providers,
demanding they permit the SPA to monitor all users.  Most ISPs
surrender when threatened, because they cannot afford to fight back in
court.  (Atlanta Journal-Constitution, 1 Oct 96, D3.)  At least one
ISP, Community ConneXion in Oakland CA, refused the demand and was
actually sued (  The SPA is said to have
dropped this suit recently, but they are sure to continue the campaign
in various other ways.
The university security policies described above are not imaginary.
For example, a computer at one Chicago-area university prints this
message when you log in (quotation marks are in the original):
    "This system is for the use of authorized users only.  Individuals using
    this computer system without authority or in the excess of their authority
    are subject to having all their activities on this system monitored and
    recorded by system personnel.  In the course of monitoring individuals
    improperly using this system or in the course of system maintenance, the
    activities of authorized user may also be monitored.  Anyone using this
    system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such
    monitoring reveals possible evidence of illegal activity or violation of
    University regulations system personnel may provide the evidence of such
    monitoring to University authorities and/or law enforcement officials."
This is an interesting approach to the Fourth Amendment: pressure most
everyone to agree, in advance, to waive their rights under it.
The administration's "White Paper": Information Infrastructure Task
Force, Intellectual Property and the National Information
Infrastructure: The Report of the Working Group on Intellectual
Property Rights (1995).
An explanation of the White Paper:
The Copyright Grab, Pamela Samuelson, Wired, Jan. 1996
( 4.01/features/whitepaper.html).
Sold Out, James Boyle, New York Times, 31 March 1996
Public Data or Private Data, Washington Post, 4 Nov 1996
Union for the Public Domain--a new organization which aims to resist
and reverse the overextension of intellectual property powers.  For
more information, see Richard Stallman received the 1990 ACM Grace Murray Hopper award for
developing GNU Emacs.  He is also the author of the free symbolic
debugger GDB, and founded the project to develop the free GNU
operating system.

@_date: 1997-12-19 06:25:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
As a practical matter, you are correct. Just like it's unlikely a federal
prosecutor is going to try to imprison you for saying "fuck" online, it's
unlikely one will prosecute you for copying CDs at home.
However, it does not mean that the NET bill is good law.
Instead of relying on your (admittedly) hazy recollections of the act, you
might want to look at it again. If you have a cite, I'll plug it into
It's clear from the plain text of the statute that the NET Act applies to
nonprofit infringing ("reproduction or distribution") of copyrighted
material. Archival purposes are perhaps not infringing. But dubbing 4,500
CDs from copies borrowed from libraries, as your friend did, probably is.

@_date: 1997-12-19 06:59:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Search Engine update and request for files 
Over at the Netly News Network, we've decided it's time to update our
Censorware Search Engine. For those of you who haven't checked it
recently, it's a one-of-a-kind web site that lets you see if you've been
blocked by filtering software:
  We're planning to update this with newer decrypted lists from some of the
vendors like SurfWatch, CyberPatrol, and so on. If you have a list and
you'd like it to be included, please send it along.

@_date: 1997-12-19 07:58:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Search Engine update and request for files 
CyberSitter now blocks part of the CSE URL ("/spoofcentral/"), if I
remember properly. Of course it also blocks any other site that has the
word "spoofcentral" as part of the URL. Talk about shotgun-style
CyberPatrol's "boa" blocking is abbreviated. I think the cgi script is
used for our bulletin board discussion areas, usually devoted to such
purient topics as the First Pooch.
They already tried. See:
                            To Milburn's mind, our act of revealing the
                     about his company's product was, literally, criminal.
                     August, he told us that he had asked the U.S.
                     of Justice to launch a criminal investigation into
                     publication of our article. He was particularly upset
                     one paragraph that included a fragment of his
                     demonstrating that CyberSitter expressly bans info
                     gay society and culture.  "Your willful reverse engineering and
                     subsequent publishing of copyrighted source code is a
                     clear violation of US Copyright law. While we would
                     easily prevail in a civil court in seeking damages...
we will
                     seek felony criminal prosecution under 17 USCS sect
                     503(a) of the Copyright Act, and are preparing
                     documentation to submit with the criminal complaint
                     FBI (sic)."

@_date: 1997-12-19 08:23:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
a report on the state of the First Amendment. It's worth checking out:
  Also at the conference:
      Keynote speaker Keen Umbehr told the audience that he lost his job,
   his community and even family and friends during his First Amendment
   battle with the county commission in Wabaunsee County, Kansas.
   Umbehr, who had a contract to haul the county's trash, also wrote
   editorials for the local newspaper, often alleging violations of law
   and other misconduct by the county commission. "What I wrote was true,
   and I could back it up," Umbehr said. "I believed that my
   constitutional rights were live and real, waiting to be activated. I
   felt that writing articles and speaking out about the government not
   only was my right, it was my duty to speak the truth, regardless of
   the fact that my whole livelihood was based on that county contract."
   The county terminated his contract in retaliation for his articles.
   Umbehr sued, and the case went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
   In June 1996 the court upheld Umbehr's free-speech rights.
   "The troops on the front lines of the First Amendment fight
   desperately need some help," Umbehr told the audience of attorneys,
   scholars and experts. "You have the knowledge in here, and they need
   it out there."

@_date: 1997-12-19 10:06:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Search Engine update and request for files 
Some of the pathfinder servers seem to be having problems. If you keep
reloading the page, it should work.

@_date: 1997-12-19 21:48:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House admits censoring Chinese dissident 
South China Morning Post
                               December 19, 1997
Storm over block on Wei TV broadcast; White House red-faced after
censorship admission
By Simon Beck
    The Clinton administration was in the middle of a firestorm yesterday
after officials admitted blocking a global broadcast of a Wei Jingsheng
interview for fear of annoying China.
    After winning praise for receiving Mr Wei in the White House last week,
President Bill Clinton's officials were embarrassed to have to admit
blocking the broadcast on the state-owned global network Worldnet.
    Officials tried in vain to stop the government radio station, Voice of
America (VOA), from broadcasting the interview, but succeeded in blocking
it from Worldnet.
    Both broadcasting arms are run by the official US Information Agency
    The revelations have not only embarrassed the White House, but cast new
light on the conditions with which Beijing asked Washington to comply in
return for Mr Wei's release last month.
    The interference came after the US Ambassador to China, James Sasser,
learned of the planned VOA interview and called the US National Security
Council to express his concern.
    Mr Sasser feared the broadcast would break promises supposed to have
been made to China that the US would not make political capital out of Mr
Wei's release.
    He also warned it could damage US efforts to win other dissidents'
    USIA director Joseph Duffey confirmed Mr Sasser's intervention, and
said: "After I learned it was going to be broadcast, I delayed the Worldnet
telecast and I asked VOA not to telecast it, but they did anyway.
    "With Wei there was an implied commitment that our purpose was not
political exploitation. That's a commitment also in the negotiations, which
frankly now may be in the can."
    White House spokesman Mike McCurry said National Security Adviser Sandy
Berger warned VOA director Evelyn Lieberman.
    "We would not make any effort to violate what is a very important
principle - the editorial independence of VOA," he said.
    "At the same time, it is perfectly appropriate for VOA to understand
what the consequences of some of its broadcasts might be from our
    Human Rights Watch Asia's Washington director Mike Jendrzejczyk was
shocked at the "about-face".
    "We can only assume from this that not offending Beijing is more
important to the administration than exerting pressure on China to release
more dissidents and improve its human rights record," he said.

@_date: 1997-12-22 08:53:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Building Pro-Monopoly Judges 
[Hmm. Apparently Charles is reluctant to defend his position here on
cypherpunks. Small surprise. --Declan]
Reply-To: cmueller at metrolink.net
Originator: am-info at essential.org
Sender: am-info at essential.org
Precedence: bulk
        Declan McCullagh, still displaying a reluctance to debate with
graciousness (below), now wonders if I've heard of the Federalist Society.
"PS: I wonder if Mueller knows about the Federalist Society, which is a
group of libertarian-leaning lawyers and law professors. Among other things,
they make a point of educating judges about (gasp!) economic theory and this
concept of a government strictly limited in its powers..."
        I've been reporting on this propaganda mill for roughly 2 decades--
and have published hundreds of pages on it.  (See my January post on the
subject, below.)
        Charles Mueller, Editor
        ANTITRUST LAW & ECONOMICS REVIEW
                                                        *************************8
         **

@_date: 1997-12-22 23:36:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
The Netly News (
December 22, 1997
SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     Antiporn crusaders and free speech advocates have
locked horns for years over whether public libraries may
cordon off large portions of the Internet. A lawsuit to be
filed today against a Virginia county promises to answer
that question and set new guidelines for free speech in the
     Mainstream Loudoun, a local group, and 11 other
plaintiffs are challenging Loudoun County's decision to
adopt one of the country's most iron-handed Internet
policies, The Netly News has learned. In October, the
library board voted to buy software called X-Stop that
forbids both children and adults from visiting many
sexually explicit web sites -- and plenty of innocuous ones
too, such as Quaker and AIDS resources.
     The plaintiffs hope to persuade a federal judge that
X-Stop's overzealousness violates not just traditions of
intellectual freedom in libraries, but the First Amendment
as well. The 47-page complaint, which calls the
restrictions "a harsh and censorial solution in search of a
problem," also challenges a rule encouraging librarians to
look over your shoulder and make snap judgments on which
web sites should be off limits.

@_date: 1997-12-23 05:03:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Netly News Special Report: Censorware in the Stacks 
The Netly News brings you a four-part exclusive report today on the first
library censorware lawsuit, filed this morning against a Virginia county
that installed X-Stop software. Also check out our upgraded Censorware
Search Engine to see if *you're* censored in Loudoun County -- we now
include databases from IGear and X-Stop.
Censorware in the Stacks -- lawsuit filed:
  The Censor's Sensitivity -- X-Stop's woes:
  Bob Corn-Revere to the Rescue:
  Censorware Search Engine 2.0:

@_date: 1997-12-23 07:58:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware complaint online 
The complaint in the Loudoun County censorware case is at:

@_date: 1997-02-04 15:56:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
Or Hayek. Democracy, after all, is majoritarian rule. Living under a
homogenous majority, with its whims and desires as law, would be more
oppressive than living under a benign dictatorship.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-02-04 16:27:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
Or Hayek. Democracy, after all, is majoritarian rule. Living under a
homogenous majority, with its whims and desires as law, would be more
oppressive than living under a benign dictatorship.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-02-06 22:06:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
I find your "distributed democracy" interesting, except that it would
allow scant time for deliberation.
Think of it this way: don't you think the majority of Americans would have
voted to pass the CDA? Or worse? Or restrictions on domestic crypto? Or
worse? Democracy generally means majoritarian rule. The Bill of Rights is an
anti-majoritarian document. It protects the rights of political or
religious minorities. I fear that electronic "click here to vote"
democracy would undermine the Bill of Rights even more.
I wish for once and for all someone would delineate this "democracy"
thing from a true, distributed democracy, where every individual is
required to participate equally, and no narrow interests can co-opt
the vote the way they do in the kind of "democracy" Declan mentions.
Wouldn't it be better when people mention a one-word political
philosophy such as democracy, that they make the definition
more precise by using two or three words instead?

@_date: 1997-02-06 23:11:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
I find your "distributed democracy" interesting, except that it would
allow scant time for deliberation.
Think of it this way: don't you think the majority of Americans would have
voted to pass the CDA? Or worse? Or restrictions on domestic crypto? Or
worse? Democracy generally means majoritarian rule. The Bill of Rights is an
anti-majoritarian document. It protects the rights of political or
religious minorities. I fear that electronic "click here to vote"
democracy would undermine the Bill of Rights even more.
I wish for once and for all someone would delineate this "democracy"
thing from a true, distributed democracy, where every individual is
required to participate equally, and no narrow interests can co-opt
the vote the way they do in the kind of "democracy" Declan mentions.
Wouldn't it be better when people mention a one-word political
philosophy such as democracy, that they make the definition
more precise by using two or three words instead?

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:32:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Indiana judge extends gag order to the Net, from TNNN 
The Netly News Network
   Gag On This    by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   February 10, 1997
        The point of moving a trial or selecting a jury from a distant
   county is, of course, to prevent jurors from being influenced by the
   local media and opinions of the nearby community. But what if the
   media are global and the community is virtual?
        That enigma is causing problems for an Indiana couple on trial
   for reckless homicide in the November 1995 death of their son from       meningitis. Bill and Sarah Planck had hoped to demonstrate their
   innocence through the Net, and so another son created a web site with
   documents from a counter-lawsuit filed against the county welfare
   agencies and sheriff's department, detailing how police threatened and
   intimidated the family.
        Now the judge presiding over their criminal trial has ordered the
   Plancks to pull the plug on the site.
        Madison County judge Fredrick Spencer told me he extended an
   existing gag order to the Internet because the tort claim notice could
   influence jurors. "We went two counties away to get the jury. But
   people in Randolph County have computers and America Online. So to
   avoid any possible problem, I ordered them to take it off," Spencer
   said.
        Spencer says the order was necessary to preserve the integrity of
   the trial. "It's only the trial that I'm concerned with," he said. "If
   I don't do what I can, I risk having to do [the trial] over again."
        Yet as soon as the Plancks yanked the documents offline on
   January 27, copies sprouted on the web site of a supporter -- beyond
   the reach of Judge Spencer.
        Who's right, Spencer or the Plancks? I posed that question to
   David Post, a professor at Georgetown Law School. "Gag orders may in a
   way be a thing of the past," he replied.
       "It becomes an enforcement dilemma with respect to the Internet.
   It's a hell of a lot easier to enforce that gag order [locally]. You
   really only have to keep your eye on a very small number of
   dissemination vehicles," Post said. "Gag orders are violated on
   occasion, but by and large you have some confidence that they'll be
   respected. Obviously you can't anymore."
        Gag orders stem from the right to an impartial jury. "We think
   that sometimes -- rarely, but sometimes -- that can best be
   accomplished by controlling the kind of information potential jurors
   might see. The Net deforms the landscape," Post said.
        Katharine Liell, the Plancks' attorney, was reluctant to discuss
   the case for fear of violating the gag order -- which covers her as
   well. "I'm uncertain what I can and can't say due to the vagueness of
   the gag order," she said. "Gag orders are supposed to be specific in
   nature, but I don't understand the nature or breadth of this gag order
   so I'm not comfortable commenting at this time."
        The legal question at issue in this prosecution is whether the
   Plancks are guilty of four felony charges, including reckless homicide
   and involuntary manslaughter, in the death of Lance Planck from       pneumococcal meningitis. The verdict may depend on the answer to one     question: Did the Plancks wait too long to call 911? More than the
   couple, however, is on trial. The case also reveals how a child         protection agency can be used as a weapon to threaten parents and
   divide a family. The mirrored documents tell a sad story of a poor       family who lived in a trailer park and home-schooled their eight
   children, and their long-standing battle with Madison County social
   workers.         The first salvo came in 1992, when a social worker visited the
   Planck home to investigate the children's alleged vision problems.
   Based on that visit, a judge ordered that their eyes be examined. A      month later, police invaded the Planck home and forcibly removed the
   children. The tort notice describes other encouters, including tear
   gas canisters lobbed into their home and warrantless arrests.             "I've known the Plancks for a long time," said Brent Tobin, an
   electrical engineer who mirrored the web site. "I've lived in the town
   all my life. I know there's nothing going on there. The deputy           prosecutor made them out to be religious weirdos, but they're not."
       "I put up the web site since I don't feel that the county     government should have jurisdiction over the World Wide Web. I think
   there should be freedom of speech. I feel gag orders are a violation
   of rights," Tobin said.
        For his part, Judge Spencer emphasized that his gag order           "expires at the end of the case. Free speech is an important right and
   I'm going to be the last person to have a problem with it."
        What about the mirror site? Has his order accomplished anything?
   "The Planck supporters are going to put it on there," Spencer replied.
   "If you're suggesting that I'm tilting at windmills, perhaps you're
   right."

@_date: 1997-02-11 09:03:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Indiana judge extends gag order to the Net, from TNNN 
The Netly News Network
   Gag On This    by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   February 10, 1997
        The point of moving a trial or selecting a jury from a distant
   county is, of course, to prevent jurors from being influenced by the
   local media and opinions of the nearby community. But what if the
   media are global and the community is virtual?
        That enigma is causing problems for an Indiana couple on trial
   for reckless homicide in the November 1995 death of their son from       meningitis. Bill and Sarah Planck had hoped to demonstrate their
   innocence through the Net, and so another son created a web site with
   documents from a counter-lawsuit filed against the county welfare
   agencies and sheriff's department, detailing how police threatened and
   intimidated the family.
        Now the judge presiding over their criminal trial has ordered the
   Plancks to pull the plug on the site.
        Madison County judge Fredrick Spencer told me he extended an
   existing gag order to the Internet because the tort claim notice could
   influence jurors. "We went two counties away to get the jury. But
   people in Randolph County have computers and America Online. So to
   avoid any possible problem, I ordered them to take it off," Spencer
   said.
        Spencer says the order was necessary to preserve the integrity of
   the trial. "It's only the trial that I'm concerned with," he said. "If
   I don't do what I can, I risk having to do [the trial] over again."
        Yet as soon as the Plancks yanked the documents offline on
   January 27, copies sprouted on the web site of a supporter -- beyond
   the reach of Judge Spencer.
        Who's right, Spencer or the Plancks? I posed that question to
   David Post, a professor at Georgetown Law School. "Gag orders may in a
   way be a thing of the past," he replied.
       "It becomes an enforcement dilemma with respect to the Internet.
   It's a hell of a lot easier to enforce that gag order [locally]. You
   really only have to keep your eye on a very small number of
   dissemination vehicles," Post said. "Gag orders are violated on
   occasion, but by and large you have some confidence that they'll be
   respected. Obviously you can't anymore."
        Gag orders stem from the right to an impartial jury. "We think
   that sometimes -- rarely, but sometimes -- that can best be
   accomplished by controlling the kind of information potential jurors
   might see. The Net deforms the landscape," Post said.
        Katharine Liell, the Plancks' attorney, was reluctant to discuss
   the case for fear of violating the gag order -- which covers her as
   well. "I'm uncertain what I can and can't say due to the vagueness of
   the gag order," she said. "Gag orders are supposed to be specific in
   nature, but I don't understand the nature or breadth of this gag order
   so I'm not comfortable commenting at this time."
        The legal question at issue in this prosecution is whether the
   Plancks are guilty of four felony charges, including reckless homicide
   and involuntary manslaughter, in the death of Lance Planck from       pneumococcal meningitis. The verdict may depend on the answer to one     question: Did the Plancks wait too long to call 911? More than the
   couple, however, is on trial. The case also reveals how a child         protection agency can be used as a weapon to threaten parents and
   divide a family. The mirrored documents tell a sad story of a poor       family who lived in a trailer park and home-schooled their eight
   children, and their long-standing battle with Madison County social
   workers.         The first salvo came in 1992, when a social worker visited the
   Planck home to investigate the children's alleged vision problems.
   Based on that visit, a judge ordered that their eyes be examined. A      month later, police invaded the Planck home and forcibly removed the
   children. The tort notice describes other encouters, including tear
   gas canisters lobbed into their home and warrantless arrests.             "I've known the Plancks for a long time," said Brent Tobin, an
   electrical engineer who mirrored the web site. "I've lived in the town
   all my life. I know there's nothing going on there. The deputy           prosecutor made them out to be religious weirdos, but they're not."
       "I put up the web site since I don't feel that the county     government should have jurisdiction over the World Wide Web. I think
   there should be freedom of speech. I feel gag orders are a violation
   of rights," Tobin said.
        For his part, Judge Spencer emphasized that his gag order           "expires at the end of the case. Free speech is an important right and
   I'm going to be the last person to have a problem with it."
        What about the mirror site? Has his order accomplished anything?
   "The Planck supporters are going to put it on there," Spencer replied.
   "If you're suggesting that I'm tilting at windmills, perhaps you're
   right."

@_date: 1997-02-14 08:29:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: USACM analysis of Commerce Dept crypto export proposals 
February 12, 1997
Nancy Crowe
Regulatory Policy Division
Bureau of Export Administration
Department of Commerce
Room 2705
14th Street and Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20230.
Docket No. 960918265-6366-03
Dear Ms. Crowe
        The United States Public Policy Committee for the Association for
Computing (USACM) welcomes this opportunity to submit our views on the
Interim Rule issued by the Department of Commerce with regard to
"Encryption Items Transferred From the United States Munitions List to the
Commerce Control List."  The USACM believes it is in the best interest of
the U.S. government to promote the widespread use of strong encryption.
needs and interests of academic, professional, scientific, and ordinary
users of telecommunications technology.  Thus, the Interim Rule must be
modified before it can resolve the many problems with the current export
controls on encryption technologies.
Introduction and Summary
        The Association for Computing is an international professional
society whose 76,000 members (60,000 in the U.S.) represent a critical
mass of computer scientists in education, industry, and government.  The
USACM provides a means for promoting dialogue on technology policy issues
with United States policy makers and the general public. We have
identified a number of serious problems with specific provisions of the
Interim Rule.
        As a professional society of computer scientists which produces a
number of peer-reviewed technical journals, we are concerned that the
Interim Rule will hamper both communication and education in our field.
Part 7.34.3 (b)(3) which refers to the distinction between printed and
electronic publications of cryptographic materials is unworkable under the
new paradigms of electronic publishing and communications. Electronic
media, including the World Wide Web, listserves, Usenet news groups, and
video conferencing are becoming the prominent means by which scientists
communicate.  Provisions of the Rule, specifically Parts 7.34.9 and 744.9,
which affect teaching cryptography to foreign students are vague and
contradictory.  Educational environments are not limited to academic
institutions but also occur in national and industry labs and by distance
education.  Restrictions on cryptography exports must not interfere with
the traditional freedom of access over digital networks which is
indispensable to maintain motivated and effective academic and research
        We also believe that the development of public policies and
technical standards for communications technologies, such as a Key
Recovery Infrastructure (KRI), raise vital issues of privacy,
competitiveness, and scientific innovation.  Parts 740.8 and 742.15 raise
a number of troubling issues for the computing community.  We believe it
is unwise for the Commerce Department to link relaxing export controls on
56-bit encryption to the development of a KRI as both the desirability and
the feasibility of such a system remains uncertain. Key recovery products
have not yet been subject to the vigorous testing necessary for a proposed
standard and there is little understanding of how such a system would
operate and what controls would be needed to ensure that it remained
secure.  Also, Supplement No. 7 to part 742 (which requires that
businesses who wish to export 56-bit encryption before 1998 submit a
biannual business plan for developing key recovery products) will stifle
the innovation of new cryptography technologies and discourage the process
of scientific innovation.  We believe the Commerce Department should not
promulgate regulations which prohibit U.S. research and development from
responding to market demands and limit the ability of Americans using new
on-line services to protect their privacy.
        The USACM has identified electronic publication, education,
research and development, key recovery, and privacy as problematic areas
which need addressing.  We have outlined our concerns below:
Electronic Publishing
        It is unreasonable and unconstitutional to distinguish between
printed and electronic distribution of encryption source code as set forth
in the note to Part 7.34.3 (b)(2) and (b)(3).  A Federal Court in
California has ruled in Bernstein v. U.S. Department of State that source
code is speech and is thus protected under the first amendment.  This
distinction is also currently being challenged in a federal court in the
District of Columbia in Karn v. U.S. Department of State.  The USACM
joined the Electronic Privacy Information Center, the American Civil
Liberties Union, and the Internet Society in submitting an Amici Curiae
brief in the case which argued that such language is an impermissible
regulation aimed at the suppression of expression. As computer scientists
we see no practical reason why the Commerce Department should insist on
creating a distinction when one does not exist.
        The ACM is the publisher of numerous scientific publications and
conference proceedings.  They range from our flagship journal
Communications of the ACM (CACM) to the on-line, peer-reviewed journal
Experimental Algorithms.  All 76,000 members of ACM, including 15,000
members overseas, receive CACM by mail and have access to ACM's on-line
publications. ACM foresees a time when all its publishing will be
electronic and on-line.  At that time, it will need interoperable
encryption technology available in the U.S. and in its mirror sites abroad
to dispense its material.  Its subscribers worldwide will need access to
secure, commercial encryption as well.
        An article which described the development of a new cryptographic
algorithm would likely appear in one of the many technical journals or
conference proceedings published by ACM or the Institute for Electronics
and Electrical Engineers (IEEE), another international professional
society.  In fact a number of the groundbreaking articles in the field of
cryptography science were originally published by ACM and IEEE.
Publication of encryption algorithms is extremely important to the field
of cryptography.  In order for an algorithm to be trusted, it must be
challenged.  To do that, the code must be made widely available.  Foreign
members of ACM will be unable to access in electronic format the same
articles they currently receive in the printed journal.  And, it is
technically impossible, at this late date, to partition ACM's publications
into distinct paper and electronic (hence encryptable) media.
        Electronic communications, including the World Wide Web, list
serves, Usenet news groups, and video conferencing are becoming the
prominent means by which scientists communicate.  Science is a global
pursuit and there exists a open communications network between scientists
in different countries.  Part 734.2 which prohibits making cryptographic
software available outside the U.S. will not only eliminate this
international communication but also technical communication among U.S.
scientists.  In electronic communications it is not always clear to whom
the information is being transmitted.  WWW sites and Usenet news groups
are accessible by anyone with a modem.  Video conferences can be
retransmitted overseas and moderated listserves are difficult to control.
The Interim Rule refers to an individual taking "precautions adequate to
prevent unauthorized transfer of such code outside the U.S."  It is our
belief that it would be impossible to be certain of any precautions taken.
This will effectively eliminate all communications on electronic media
that describe or discuss cryptographic source code.
        We believe the interim rule must be revised to eliminate the
distinction between printed and electronic source code and to allow for
open communications within scientific communities.  Restricting these
communications will retard the evolution of the science and the
development of new algorithms and cryptographic devices.
        Many ACM members are computer science professors and teachers, so
we are concerned about the contradictions in the proposed regulations with
regards to education.  A number of fields and sub-fields address
cryptography as part of their curricula.  Part 734.9 states that
"Educational Information" is not subject to the new regulations if it is
"released by instruction in catalog courses and associated teaching
laboratories of academic institutions." Computer science, mathematics,
engineering, and electronic security may all include technical instruction
in encryption technologies and would be covered in U.S. university
classrooms.  However, questions arise with regard to distance and home or
overseas education because of Part 744.9.  It states that "No U.S. person
may, without a license from BXA, provide technical assistance (including
training) to foreign persons with the intent to aid a foreign person in
the development or manufacture outside the United States..."  While Part
744.9 defines a U.S. person it does not define "technical assistance" or
"training."  It is uncertain whether a U.S. professor teaching a course in
which foreign students are registered, or teaching a course in
cryptography overseas would be "training" a foreigner to develop a
cryptographic device if the course work was more detailed than "a
discussion of information about cryptography."  This would affect course
studies as disparate as 'number theory' and 'local area networks'.
        Also, educational environments are not limited to academic
institutions but are also found in national and industry labs.  Many
computer scientists receive their first hands on training after they
graduate from their University.  It is unclear whether this "training" or
"technical assistance" is in violation of the Interim Rule.  The intent of
the training is give the new employee the practical tools necessary to
participate in the field of cryptography science, and is not necessarily
intended to be project or employer specific.  While the General
prohibition in Part 744.9 discusses the meaning of intent as applied to an
academic setting, it is not clear if "academic setting" can be applied to
instruction which occurs outside of the University environment.
        The argument made previously with regard to digital media also
applies to education. As part of their course work, students often use
electronic media as resources (WWW, digital libraries, CD-ROMs), as a
communication device for the class outside the classroom (electronic mail,
listserves), and to learn from listening to the discussions among research
scientists (Usenet groups, listserves).  Part 7.34.3 (b)(3) which covers
encryption source code in electronic form or media will restrict these
types of educational instruction.  Instructors will be unable to take
advantage of digital media in their courses.  Students studying
cryptography will be unfairly disadvantaged as they will be unable to
access valuable resources even in the process of furthering their
        The USACM believes the contradictions in Parts 7.34 and 744.9 must
be resolved in a clear manner so educators are not required to reduce the
quality of their courses for fear of misinterpreting the Interim Rule.
Specifically, "academic setting," "training," and "technical assistance"
must be defined, and distance education, and academic research and
communication must be addressed.
Research and Development
        Encryption policies must reflect the needs of the global market.
The international demand for products which incorporate strong
cryptographic tools is growing. Such products are widely available and
produced by a number of nations.  U.S. scientists have been prominent in
the development of current encryption technologies.  The field has
developed though research and development efforts along many different
tangents, only one of which describes key recovery products.  There is
little evidence that the demand for cryptography tools is limited to those
products which incorporate key recovery protocols. Part 742.15 (which
states that businesses must submit a business plan for the development of
key recovery products before they may export 56- bit software;  the
license must be renewed biannually until 1998 when only key recovery
products will be allowed for export)  will restrict the U.S. to producing
only products which incorporate KRI protocols.
        Mandating that businesses develop key recovery products will also
impede the natural market development of novel and innovative systems.
Part 740 hypothesizes that a worldwide KRI will be desirable, feasible,
and in place by 1998.  However it is unclear whether key recovery is the
best alternative.  Research along new tangents will continue in non-
industry and non-U.S. settings.  A new protocol may be discovered which is
considered a better choice for a worldwide infrastructure.  There will
exist a great market demand for variety in choosing a security system to
fit the needs of the distinct commercial group.  If this happens U.S.
scientists and industry will be at a disadvantage as they will have only a
core competence in key recovery protocols as per Part 740.8.
        There are a variety of commercial groups interested in utilizing
the Internet for business interactions and transactions. Without
interoperable encryption programs, commercial needs in an increasing
global environment cannot be met.  Supplement No. 4 to Part 742 states
that a product can not interact with another product whose key recovery
system has been "altered, bypassed, disabled, or otherwise rendered
inoperative."  This will be a major source of problems for researchers and
educators, as well as government and commercial institutions.  The result
of a system not being able to talk to another system because of an
intentional or accidental disabling of the KRI protocols can have a very
large impact on telemedicine, research, government operations, and
commercial enterprises.
        The USACM believes the Interim Rule should be rewritten to avoid
dissuading innovation and development and eliminating the U.S.'s core
competency in cryptography.  It should also recognize the need for
consistency in interoperable systems.
Key Recovery
        The USACM recognizes that there is a real market demand for key
recovery products from business and government employers.  However, the
viability of a KRI has not yet been determined.  It has not yet been
subject to the vigorous testing necessary for a proposed standard.  There
is little understanding of how such a system would operate and what
controls would be needed to ensure that it remained secure.  Part 740
describes the development of a Key Recovery Infrastructure within two
years.  We believe it is unwise for the United States to insist on the
development of a untested, unproved technology for a worldwide
infrastructure. The National Research Council report stated that a
feasibility study needed to be performed on a smaller scale before key
escrow could be seriously proposed for commercial applications.  We
believe this warning applies to KRI as well.  While key recovery tools may
be appropriate in some settings, we believe it would be wrong to impose
such restrictions on users or businesses and the Interim Rule should not
dictate that businesses limit their research to a potentially unworkable
       The USACM believes that certain principles should be reflected in a
national cryptography policy.  Encryption should be used for privacy
protection and to encourage the development of technologies and
institutional practices which will provide real privacy for the future
users of the NII and real security for the protection of the system. The
USACM believes that transferring the regulation of cryptography to the
Commerce Department could establish United States leadership in protecting
the privacy rights of its citizens.  However the Interim Rule fails to do
       We recognize that the government has a legitimate interest in
protecting national security. However, whether or not the worldwide
infrastructure is achieved, the role of national security agencies will
remain difficult.  The government's proposal to balance national security,
business, and privacy interests by creating a Key Recovery Infrastructure
within the next two years is overly aggressive.  We suggest that the
development of a policy that serves the long term interests of our
nation's security will not be one based on a Key Recovery Infrastructure,
but rather one that anticipates the widespread availability of strong
encryption and the multifaceted demands of a global economy.  Toward that
end, the interests in protecting open research within the U.S. academic
community will be crucial.
Barbara Simons, Ph.D
Chair, United States Public Policy Office for the
Association for Computing
        The ACM, founded in 1947, is an international non-profit
educational and scientific society dedicated to the development and use of
information technology, and to addressing the impact information
technology has on the world's major social challenges. The Association's
activities include the publication of scholarly journals and the
sponsorship of special interest groups (SIGS) in numerous disciplines. ACM
has 76,000 members.  The 60,000 who reside in the United States are
academic, professional, scientific, and ordinary users of
telecommunications technology and have a strong interest in the
development of sound encryption policies. The USACM provides a means for
promoting dialogue on technology policy issues with United States policy
makers and the general public. We respond to requests for information and
technical expertise from United States government agencies and
departments, seeks to influence relevant United States government policies
on behalf of the computing community and the public, and provides
information to the ACM on relevant United States government activities.

@_date: 1997-02-14 09:00:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: USACM analysis of Commerce Dept crypto export proposals 
February 12, 1997
Nancy Crowe
Regulatory Policy Division
Bureau of Export Administration
Department of Commerce
Room 2705
14th Street and Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20230.
Docket No. 960918265-6366-03
Dear Ms. Crowe
        The United States Public Policy Committee for the Association for
Computing (USACM) welcomes this opportunity to submit our views on the
Interim Rule issued by the Department of Commerce with regard to
"Encryption Items Transferred From the United States Munitions List to the
Commerce Control List."  The USACM believes it is in the best interest of
the U.S. government to promote the widespread use of strong encryption.
needs and interests of academic, professional, scientific, and ordinary
users of telecommunications technology.  Thus, the Interim Rule must be
modified before it can resolve the many problems with the current export
controls on encryption technologies.
Introduction and Summary
        The Association for Computing is an international professional
society whose 76,000 members (60,000 in the U.S.) represent a critical
mass of computer scientists in education, industry, and government.  The
USACM provides a means for promoting dialogue on technology policy issues
with United States policy makers and the general public. We have
identified a number of serious problems with specific provisions of the
Interim Rule.
        As a professional society of computer scientists which produces a
number of peer-reviewed technical journals, we are concerned that the
Interim Rule will hamper both communication and education in our field.
Part 7.34.3 (b)(3) which refers to the distinction between printed and
electronic publications of cryptographic materials is unworkable under the
new paradigms of electronic publishing and communications. Electronic
media, including the World Wide Web, listserves, Usenet news groups, and
video conferencing are becoming the prominent means by which scientists
communicate.  Provisions of the Rule, specifically Parts 7.34.9 and 744.9,
which affect teaching cryptography to foreign students are vague and
contradictory.  Educational environments are not limited to academic
institutions but also occur in national and industry labs and by distance
education.  Restrictions on cryptography exports must not interfere with
the traditional freedom of access over digital networks which is
indispensable to maintain motivated and effective academic and research
        We also believe that the development of public policies and
technical standards for communications technologies, such as a Key
Recovery Infrastructure (KRI), raise vital issues of privacy,
competitiveness, and scientific innovation.  Parts 740.8 and 742.15 raise
a number of troubling issues for the computing community.  We believe it
is unwise for the Commerce Department to link relaxing export controls on
56-bit encryption to the development of a KRI as both the desirability and
the feasibility of such a system remains uncertain. Key recovery products
have not yet been subject to the vigorous testing necessary for a proposed
standard and there is little understanding of how such a system would
operate and what controls would be needed to ensure that it remained
secure.  Also, Supplement No. 7 to part 742 (which requires that
businesses who wish to export 56-bit encryption before 1998 submit a
biannual business plan for developing key recovery products) will stifle
the innovation of new cryptography technologies and discourage the process
of scientific innovation.  We believe the Commerce Department should not
promulgate regulations which prohibit U.S. research and development from
responding to market demands and limit the ability of Americans using new
on-line services to protect their privacy.
        The USACM has identified electronic publication, education,
research and development, key recovery, and privacy as problematic areas
which need addressing.  We have outlined our concerns below:
Electronic Publishing
        It is unreasonable and unconstitutional to distinguish between
printed and electronic distribution of encryption source code as set forth
in the note to Part 7.34.3 (b)(2) and (b)(3).  A Federal Court in
California has ruled in Bernstein v. U.S. Department of State that source
code is speech and is thus protected under the first amendment.  This
distinction is also currently being challenged in a federal court in the
District of Columbia in Karn v. U.S. Department of State.  The USACM
joined the Electronic Privacy Information Center, the American Civil
Liberties Union, and the Internet Society in submitting an Amici Curiae
brief in the case which argued that such language is an impermissible
regulation aimed at the suppression of expression. As computer scientists
we see no practical reason why the Commerce Department should insist on
creating a distinction when one does not exist.
        The ACM is the publisher of numerous scientific publications and
conference proceedings.  They range from our flagship journal
Communications of the ACM (CACM) to the on-line, peer-reviewed journal
Experimental Algorithms.  All 76,000 members of ACM, including 15,000
members overseas, receive CACM by mail and have access to ACM's on-line
publications. ACM foresees a time when all its publishing will be
electronic and on-line.  At that time, it will need interoperable
encryption technology available in the U.S. and in its mirror sites abroad
to dispense its material.  Its subscribers worldwide will need access to
secure, commercial encryption as well.
        An article which described the development of a new cryptographic
algorithm would likely appear in one of the many technical journals or
conference proceedings published by ACM or the Institute for Electronics
and Electrical Engineers (IEEE), another international professional
society.  In fact a number of the groundbreaking articles in the field of
cryptography science were originally published by ACM and IEEE.
Publication of encryption algorithms is extremely important to the field
of cryptography.  In order for an algorithm to be trusted, it must be
challenged.  To do that, the code must be made widely available.  Foreign
members of ACM will be unable to access in electronic format the same
articles they currently receive in the printed journal.  And, it is
technically impossible, at this late date, to partition ACM's publications
into distinct paper and electronic (hence encryptable) media.
        Electronic communications, including the World Wide Web, list
serves, Usenet news groups, and video conferencing are becoming the
prominent means by which scientists communicate.  Science is a global
pursuit and there exists a open communications network between scientists
in different countries.  Part 734.2 which prohibits making cryptographic
software available outside the U.S. will not only eliminate this
international communication but also technical communication among U.S.
scientists.  In electronic communications it is not always clear to whom
the information is being transmitted.  WWW sites and Usenet news groups
are accessible by anyone with a modem.  Video conferences can be
retransmitted overseas and moderated listserves are difficult to control.
The Interim Rule refers to an individual taking "precautions adequate to
prevent unauthorized transfer of such code outside the U.S."  It is our
belief that it would be impossible to be certain of any precautions taken.
This will effectively eliminate all communications on electronic media
that describe or discuss cryptographic source code.
        We believe the interim rule must be revised to eliminate the
distinction between printed and electronic source code and to allow for
open communications within scientific communities.  Restricting these
communications will retard the evolution of the science and the
development of new algorithms and cryptographic devices.
        Many ACM members are computer science professors and teachers, so
we are concerned about the contradictions in the proposed regulations with
regards to education.  A number of fields and sub-fields address
cryptography as part of their curricula.  Part 734.9 states that
"Educational Information" is not subject to the new regulations if it is
"released by instruction in catalog courses and associated teaching
laboratories of academic institutions." Computer science, mathematics,
engineering, and electronic security may all include technical instruction
in encryption technologies and would be covered in U.S. university
classrooms.  However, questions arise with regard to distance and home or
overseas education because of Part 744.9.  It states that "No U.S. person
may, without a license from BXA, provide technical assistance (including
training) to foreign persons with the intent to aid a foreign person in
the development or manufacture outside the United States..."  While Part
744.9 defines a U.S. person it does not define "technical assistance" or
"training."  It is uncertain whether a U.S. professor teaching a course in
which foreign students are registered, or teaching a course in
cryptography overseas would be "training" a foreigner to develop a
cryptographic device if the course work was more detailed than "a
discussion of information about cryptography."  This would affect course
studies as disparate as 'number theory' and 'local area networks'.
        Also, educational environments are not limited to academic
institutions but are also found in national and industry labs.  Many
computer scientists receive their first hands on training after they
graduate from their University.  It is unclear whether this "training" or
"technical assistance" is in violation of the Interim Rule.  The intent of
the training is give the new employee the practical tools necessary to
participate in the field of cryptography science, and is not necessarily
intended to be project or employer specific.  While the General
prohibition in Part 744.9 discusses the meaning of intent as applied to an
academic setting, it is not clear if "academic setting" can be applied to
instruction which occurs outside of the University environment.
        The argument made previously with regard to digital media also
applies to education. As part of their course work, students often use
electronic media as resources (WWW, digital libraries, CD-ROMs), as a
communication device for the class outside the classroom (electronic mail,
listserves), and to learn from listening to the discussions among research
scientists (Usenet groups, listserves).  Part 7.34.3 (b)(3) which covers
encryption source code in electronic form or media will restrict these
types of educational instruction.  Instructors will be unable to take
advantage of digital media in their courses.  Students studying
cryptography will be unfairly disadvantaged as they will be unable to
access valuable resources even in the process of furthering their
        The USACM believes the contradictions in Parts 7.34 and 744.9 must
be resolved in a clear manner so educators are not required to reduce the
quality of their courses for fear of misinterpreting the Interim Rule.
Specifically, "academic setting," "training," and "technical assistance"
must be defined, and distance education, and academic research and
communication must be addressed.
Research and Development
        Encryption policies must reflect the needs of the global market.
The international demand for products which incorporate strong
cryptographic tools is growing. Such products are widely available and
produced by a number of nations.  U.S. scientists have been prominent in
the development of current encryption technologies.  The field has
developed though research and development efforts along many different
tangents, only one of which describes key recovery products.  There is
little evidence that the demand for cryptography tools is limited to those
products which incorporate key recovery protocols. Part 742.15 (which
states that businesses must submit a business plan for the development of
key recovery products before they may export 56- bit software;  the
license must be renewed biannually until 1998 when only key recovery
products will be allowed for export)  will restrict the U.S. to producing
only products which incorporate KRI protocols.
        Mandating that businesses develop key recovery products will also
impede the natural market development of novel and innovative systems.
Part 740 hypothesizes that a worldwide KRI will be desirable, feasible,
and in place by 1998.  However it is unclear whether key recovery is the
best alternative.  Research along new tangents will continue in non-
industry and non-U.S. settings.  A new protocol may be discovered which is
considered a better choice for a worldwide infrastructure.  There will
exist a great market demand for variety in choosing a security system to
fit the needs of the distinct commercial group.  If this happens U.S.
scientists and industry will be at a disadvantage as they will have only a
core competence in key recovery protocols as per Part 740.8.
        There are a variety of commercial groups interested in utilizing
the Internet for business interactions and transactions. Without
interoperable encryption programs, commercial needs in an increasing
global environment cannot be met.  Supplement No. 4 to Part 742 states
that a product can not interact with another product whose key recovery
system has been "altered, bypassed, disabled, or otherwise rendered
inoperative."  This will be a major source of problems for researchers and
educators, as well as government and commercial institutions.  The result
of a system not being able to talk to another system because of an
intentional or accidental disabling of the KRI protocols can have a very
large impact on telemedicine, research, government operations, and
commercial enterprises.
        The USACM believes the Interim Rule should be rewritten to avoid
dissuading innovation and development and eliminating the U.S.'s core
competency in cryptography.  It should also recognize the need for
consistency in interoperable systems.
Key Recovery
        The USACM recognizes that there is a real market demand for key
recovery products from business and government employers.  However, the
viability of a KRI has not yet been determined.  It has not yet been
subject to the vigorous testing necessary for a proposed standard.  There
is little understanding of how such a system would operate and what
controls would be needed to ensure that it remained secure.  Part 740
describes the development of a Key Recovery Infrastructure within two
years.  We believe it is unwise for the United States to insist on the
development of a untested, unproved technology for a worldwide
infrastructure. The National Research Council report stated that a
feasibility study needed to be performed on a smaller scale before key
escrow could be seriously proposed for commercial applications.  We
believe this warning applies to KRI as well.  While key recovery tools may
be appropriate in some settings, we believe it would be wrong to impose
such restrictions on users or businesses and the Interim Rule should not
dictate that businesses limit their research to a potentially unworkable
       The USACM believes that certain principles should be reflected in a
national cryptography policy.  Encryption should be used for privacy
protection and to encourage the development of technologies and
institutional practices which will provide real privacy for the future
users of the NII and real security for the protection of the system. The
USACM believes that transferring the regulation of cryptography to the
Commerce Department could establish United States leadership in protecting
the privacy rights of its citizens.  However the Interim Rule fails to do
       We recognize that the government has a legitimate interest in
protecting national security. However, whether or not the worldwide
infrastructure is achieved, the role of national security agencies will
remain difficult.  The government's proposal to balance national security,
business, and privacy interests by creating a Key Recovery Infrastructure
within the next two years is overly aggressive.  We suggest that the
development of a policy that serves the long term interests of our
nation's security will not be one based on a Key Recovery Infrastructure,
but rather one that anticipates the widespread availability of strong
encryption and the multifaceted demands of a global economy.  Toward that
end, the interests in protecting open research within the U.S. academic
community will be crucial.
Barbara Simons, Ph.D
Chair, United States Public Policy Office for the
Association for Computing
        The ACM, founded in 1947, is an international non-profit
educational and scientific society dedicated to the development and use of
information technology, and to addressing the impact information
technology has on the world's major social challenges. The Association's
activities include the publication of scholarly journals and the
sponsorship of special interest groups (SIGS) in numerous disciplines. ACM
has 76,000 members.  The 60,000 who reside in the United States are
academic, professional, scientific, and ordinary users of
telecommunications technology and have a strong interest in the
development of sound encryption policies. The USACM provides a means for
promoting dialogue on technology policy issues with United States policy
makers and the general public. We respond to requests for information and
technical expertise from United States government agencies and
departments, seeks to influence relevant United States government policies
on behalf of the computing community and the public, and provides
information to the ACM on relevant United States government activities.

@_date: 1997-02-14 14:18:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
Mike sheds more heat than light on the issue. Gilmore does not always
represent the EFF; not every action of his is an EFF action.
As for the "rift," may observers said at the time that DT was a Jerry
Berman "appeasement and capitulation" scheme. Note Berman no longer works
at EFF. Note EFF is no lnoger in DC.
And yes, I've read Tim May's essay on his EFF membership. I probably would
have had the same reaction.

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:56:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
Mike sheds more heat than light on the issue. Gilmore does not always
represent the EFF; not every action of his is an EFF action.
As for the "rift," may observers said at the time that DT was a Jerry
Berman "appeasement and capitulation" scheme. Note Berman no longer works
at EFF. Note EFF is no lnoger in DC.
And yes, I've read Tim May's essay on his EFF membership. I probably would
have had the same reaction.

@_date: 1997-01-06 20:15:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Foreign spies snoop the Net, from The Netly News 
The Netly News
      SPY VS. SPY
   January 6, 1997
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       Move over, James Bond. Take your last bow, Maxwell Smart. Modern
   spies are jacked into the Net, a recent report from the multiagency
   National Counterintelligence Center says. It claims the Internet is
   now the "fastest growing" means for foreign governments and firms to
   gather information about U.S. businesses.
       The eight-page quarterly report says that malevolent "foreign
   entities" are sorting through web sites, pounding on search engines
   and firing off e-mail queries to U.S. defense contractors in hopes of
   winnowing out sensitive data.
       "Use of the Internet offers a variety of advantages to a foreign
   collector. It is simple, low cost, non-threatening and relatively
   'risk free' for the foreign entity attempting to collect classified,
   proprietary, or sensitive information... We also know foreign
   intelligence and security services monitor the Internet," says the
   report, which is distributed to government agencies and contractors.
       Search engines apparently serve spies well. Want a copy of
   something you shouldn't be able to get? Perhaps it was left in an
   unprotected directory; try Altavista. "Foreign intelligence services
   are known to use computers to conduct rudimentary on-line searches for
   information, including visits to governments and defense contractors'
   on-line bulletin boards or web sites on the Internet. Access to
   Internet advanced search software programs could possibly assist them
   in meeting their collection requirements," the NACIC briefing paper
   says.
       Beware of spam from spies, it warns: "These foreign entities can
   remain safe within their borders while sending hundreds of pleas and
   requests for assistance to targeted US companies and their employees."
   Of course! This is any e-mail spammer's modus operandi: Flood an
   astronomical number of addresses at an infinitesimal cost. Then hope
   that at least some recipients will respond with the information you
   want.
       This isn't the first time that the Clinton administration has
   painted economic espionage as a dire threat. Last February, FBI
   director Louis Freeh warned the Senate Select Committee on
   Intelligence of the possible harm. He said foreign governments are
   especially interested in "economic information, especially
   pre-publication data" including "U.S. tax and monetary policies;
   foreign aid programs and export credits; technology transfer and
   munitions control regulations... and proposed legislation affecting
   the profitability of foreign firms acting in the United States."
       Note to Freeh: That information already is online. For proposed
   legislation, try Thomas -- or for munition regulations, the White
   House web site is a good bet.
       But forget Freeh's rhetoric. The White House isn't serious about
   halting the overseas flow of American secrets over the Net. If it
   were, President Clinton would lift the crypto export embargo. Strong
   encryption is the most effective way for companies to fend off
   foreign data-pirates, but current regulations allow U.S.
   multinational firms to use only the cipher-equivalent of a toy cap
   gun. Worse yet, last week the Commerce Department moved further in
   the wrong direction by releasing its new encryption export
   regulations that continue to keep American businesses at a
   competitive disadvantage compared to their foreign competitors, which
   generally are less hampered by crypto export rules. "The new
   regulations are worse" than the old, says Dave Banisar, a policy
   analyst at the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
        Sure, France and Britain spy on us for economic purposes. But
   we're just as guilty. We snooped on the French -- and got several
   U.S. "diplomats" kicked out of France two years ago. We peeked at
   Japanese secrets during automobile trade negotiations -- and got
   caught then, too. Especially under President Clinton, economic
   intelligence has become part of the mission of our spy agencies. Yet
   if we complain about other countries while doing it ourselves, we
   become hypocrites.
       Stanley Kober, a research fellow at the Cato Institute, argues in
   a recent paper that it's "folly" for the U.S. to continue such spying
   and risk alienating political allies: "The world is still a dangerous
   place, and it would be folly for the democracies to engage in nasty
   intramural squabbles. Yet that is the danger that economic espionage
   against other free societies poses."
       "Washington ought to consider that it may need the cooperation of
   Paris (or other Western capitals) to help deal with a mutual security
   threat" from terrorism, Kober writes.
       I asked Kober what he thought of the NACIC report. "It strikes me
   as a normal security reminder," he says. "The specifics are fairly
   slim. It's not the sort of thing that's sent to everyone. It's sent
   to their clients, the people who have government contracts. Since the
   Internet is new, they're telling people to be careful."
       Indeed, netizens must be careful. It's common sense, really, and
   defensive driving for the Net. Encrypt that e-mail. Use the
   anonymizer at least once a day. Let paranoia be your watchword. That
   e-mail from your mother may come from the KGB. When you're not
   watching it, your monitor may be watching you.
   Be afraid, Maxwell Smart. Your shoe phone may be listening back.

@_date: 1997-01-07 18:47:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
Sender: owner-fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu
Did you read about the U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision?
Seems they decided it was acceptable for a judge to use crimes for which a
jury has found a defendent *NOT guilty*, to justify imposing greater
penalties than the judge could otherwise, for a lesser crime for which the
jury found the defendent guilty.  (It's quite common to prosecute someone
for multiple crimes, and have the jury find them innocent of some charges,
but guilty of others.) Now, all a judge has to do is opine that, in his or her unilateral opinion,
there is a "preponderance of evidence" of guilt of the more serious crime

@_date: 1997-01-14 08:48:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ALA/ACLU file lawsuit challenging NY "CDA" law, from NNN 
[Visit netlynews.com for the rest of the story. Another reason to follow
the New York case is that a successful challenge to its "harmful to
minors" ban could create a useful precedent in fighting a CDA 2.0, which
likely will have such language. --Declan]
The Netly News Network
A Civil (Libertarian) War
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
January 14, 1997
       On a frosty winter morning last February, Shabbir Safdar and a
   gaggle of VTW loyalists trekked to Albany, New York, to protest a
   state bill that would muzzle the Net. "This was our first time doing
   any state-level lobbying," Safdar says. "We managed to convince them
   to take some stuff out of the law." But his efforts didn't stop the      measure from wending its way through the legislature: In September,
   Governor George Pataki signed it into law.
       Today the ACLU sued New York State in federal court, charging that
   the law is unconstitutional. New York now takes its place among two
   dozen states battling similar local legislation that would criminalize
   certain forms of Net speech. In Georgia, for instance, merely having
   an anonymous user name could be illegal. Virginia restricts state
   employees' rights to view sexually explicit material -- college          professors who might want to use the Net in, say, an English lit class
   have to exercise extreme caution. Forget the Communications Decency
   Act: A kind of civil war is being waged across half the U.S.
       The ALA v. Pataki lawsuit, filed in the Southern District of New
   York, involves 14 plaintiffs including the American Library
   Association, the American Booksellers Association Foundation for Free
   Expression, Panix, Echo and the ACLU. The coalition, which is asking
   for a permanent injunction, maintains that the law unconstitutionally
   stifles online speech and unduly interferes with interstate commerce.
   The law amends the penal code by making it a criminal offense
   punishable by seven years in prison to distribute pictures or text
   "which (are) harmful to minors."
       We here at The Netly News are ardent advocates of free speech, of
   course -- we held a joint teach-in on the New York law in the fall. So
   I spoke to Ann Beeson, a staff attorney at the ACLU, who's spent the
   last year attacking other state laws and the CDA in court. Why should
   netizens care about this law if they don't live in New York? I asked
   her.
       "Because New York can extradite you," she replied.
       But what if it's not a crime where I live?
       "It doesn't make a difference," Beeson said. "There's no question
   that New York could try to extradite you if you put up a web site that
   has material harmful to minors on it."

@_date: 1997-01-14 14:28:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Karn case challenging crypto rules -- oral arguments online 
I've placed my notes from and a report on last Friday's Karn crypto-
hearing online in the "Afterword" section of netlynews.com. (Incidentally,
Netly relaunched yesterday. Stop by and check it out). The oral arguments were a battle of metaphors: is the text of a
cryptographic algorithm more like a tank guidance system or a
Shakespearean sonnet? At one point Judge Williams compared a floppy disk
to "a machine." Judge Ginsberg is known as somewhat of a libertarian, a fellow who home
schools his child; he was considered for a Supreme Court seat until
reports of marijuana use derailed his bid. Judge Williams is a
conservative and a bit of a First Amendment purist -- at least in
traditional media. I think it was Williams who (correctly) dissented in
the _Turner_ "must carry" cable broadcasting case.
Full text at "Afterword" -- United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Karn v. U.S. Department of State
January 10, 1997
Ken Bass, attorney for Phil Karn: The government says this diskette
cannot be exported. Period. They claim to make an argument that even
though it is identical information, it's worth restricting this
diskette... We submit that it is an arbitrary, capricious, and totally
irrational decision for the government to draw such a distinction...
Judge Ginsberg: Can the courts evaluate the military and security
distinction between the disks and the book?
Bass: The Supreme Court said it can. The mere intimation of national
security is not some talismanic trump card.
Judge Ginsberg: But that's not what they're doing. They're putting
something on the munitions list. In what way can we say that's not
significant militarily?
Bass: Courts are not incompetent to review decisions to see if they're

@_date: 1997-01-16 08:41:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Response to my post about Karn case and Judge Ginsberg 
I don't know if you're aware of this case, but Judge Ginsberg wrote the
most disturbing dissenting opinion on a national security issue that I
can think of in recent years.  It was a lawsuit involving old FBI
COINTELPRO activity from the late 1950s.  The widow of a prominent
Communist sued the FBI for ruining her husband's career.  It seems the
FBI planted falsified documents implying that he was an FBI spy where
his fellow communists would find them.  To prove the case, the plaintiff
needed FBI records requested under FOIA.  The FBI refused, citing
"national security".  Two of the judges reviewing the case sensibly
noted that dirty tricks on American citizens during the 1950s are hardly
a national security issue today.  Ginsberg, however, wrote a chilling dissent.  He *censored* the key
parts of his dissent, because they were based on classified information.
The plaintiff was not permitted to see the heart of Ginsberg's
justification.  That's as close to a secret court as I've ever heard of
in the US.  The case was settled out of court after the FBI lost the
suit, but to this day, I think Ginsberg is the worst judge in the
Federal courts.  I remember this story from the NY Times, but I'm sure
you can find the details yourself if you're interested. At any rate, I would consider Ginsberg highly susceptable to "national
security" arguments by the Federal govt.

@_date: 1997-01-17 18:08:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Enough is Never Enough -- pro-CDA alliances, from TNNN 
[Attached are two excerpts from the article. For the rest, check out:
 --Declan]
The Netly News Network
Enough Is Never Enough
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
January 17, 1997
       A broad coalition of conservative and anti-pornography groups and
   individuals will file legal briefs next Tuesday in the Supreme Court
   supporting the government's defense of the Communications Decency Act,
   The Netly News has learned.
       The alliance includes longtime supporters of the act, such as
   Enough is Enough, Focus on the Family, and the National Association of
   Evangelicals. Members of Congress will join a separate brief that the
   National Law Center for Children and Families is preparing.
       But a letter from the attorney representing the coalition asked
   the ACLU for permission to file a brief "on behalf of" 59 plaintiffs,
   including such unlikely participants as the National Association for
   the Advancement of Colored People, PBS, SafeSurf... and Netscape.
       Netscape? The company that lobbied against the CDA? A firm with a
   reputation of putting their balls on the chopping block when fighting
   for Net-issues on Capitol Hill? Netscape was as shocked as I was to
   learn about their participation. "It wasn't authorized by me or my
   office. This is flabbergasting," Peter Harter, public policy counsel
   for Netscape, said. "I'd be crucified if this happened."
       In their brief, which argues sociological rather than legal
   points, the groups hope to highlight the "dangers" of pornography
   online. They plan to supply the court with "legislative facts" to
   support the position Congress took when crafting the bill. The
   document also will include statistics discussing the effects of the
   Internet on children and the availability of material covered by the
   law. (Marty Rimm, where are you now?)
       Donna Rice-Hughes from Enough is Enough says: "It discusses three
   primary areas of our concern: letting the court know the problems on
   the Internet. Adult pornography, indecency, and child porn as well. A
   section on the harms of pornography. And a section dealing with the
   compliance issues: Is it feasible technically to comply with the CDA?"
       Chris Stamper and Noah Robischon contributed to this report.

@_date: 1997-01-31 08:41:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Georgia court hears testimony in anonymity case, from TNNN 
The Netly News Network
Brick By Brick
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
January 31, 1997
   ATLANTA, Ga.-- A federal judge heard testimony yesterday in a landmark
   case challenging a Georgia law that forbids anonymity online.
        The ACLU filed the lawsuit -- the first-ever challenge to a state
   Net-censorship statute -- last September on behalf of 14 plaintiffs,
   arguing that the statute is unconstitutional. The law also
   criminalizes the "unauthorized" use of company names online. It is so
   broadly written, the ACLU claims, that America Online screen names
   could be considered illegal.
        Yesterday's hearing was designed to educate U.S. District Court
   Judge Marvin Shoob about the Net, in much the same way that lawyers
   educated a three-judge panel that struck down the Communications
   Decency Act in Philadelphia in June 1996. It began with a Georgia Tech
   professor who painstakingly demonstrated how the Internet works. "This
   pointing device in the middle of the screen is the cursor," he said.
        The lawsuit is one of many that will shape the future of free
   expression in cyberspace -- and new media. The Georgia challenge seems
   straightforward, but in truth is a key part of the ACLU's strategy to
   cement a foundation of legal precedents that will build on one
   another, brick by statutory brick, and solidify into a framework for
   free speech on the Internet.
        The most fierce battlefield, however, will be in state capitols
   and courtrooms like these. More than 20 states already have launched
   various offensives against the Net, but the ACLU is choosing its
   battles carefully. Depending on how Judge Shoob rules, near-perfect
   anonymous speech may, for the first time in history, be completely
   legal -- at least in one federal district. In a move that could derail
   congressional attempts to rehabilitate the CDA if the high court
   strikes it down, the ACLU assailed a New York State law banning sexual
   images that are "harmful to minors." The organization also is planning
   to sue in Virginia, Florida and California, highlighting a different
   legal point in each case.
        True, the decisions won't be binding on other courts -- unlike,
   say, a U.S. Supreme Court ruling -- but in such a new area of the law,
   judges will grasp at even district court precedents. "You can't
   underestimate the importance," said ACLU attorney Chris Hansen. "The
   law works through precedent. Each case builds on the one before it."
        Key to the strategy is the argument that states can't regulate
   speech on the Internet at all. It's a nuclear bomb of a legal theory,
   which relies on the Constitution's commerce clause and on Supreme
   Court cases that bar states from controlling "commerce that takes
   place wholly outside of the state's borders." The coalition's brief
   offers Usenet newsgroups as an example: "The posting of this message
   in California, therefore, may subject the California author to
   prosecution in Georgia under the Act."
        The state countered that local standards should always apply.
   Daniel Formby, Georgia's deputy attorney general, said yesterday: "You
   do not have to enter a state to violate its laws."
        Free-speech victories in states such as Georgia would permit
   netizens to bypass the strict controls on television and radio that
   ban the transmission of "indecent" words or images. When the Internet
   starts carrying movies and soaps, the stronger free-speech standards
   of cyberspace will extend to those broadcasts. "We gain stronger First
   Amendment rights for other media when they converge, as the Internet
   absorbs other technologies," said ACLU attorney Ann Beeson.
        Sitting quietly in the rear of the Atlanta courtroom throughout
   the hearing was State Rep. Don Parsons, who with the Democratic
   leadership introduced the Georgia law last spring. Parsons insists
   the ACLU's challenge is wrongheaded. Does the law ban anonymous
   speech? "Certainly not! Absolutely not!" he claimed. So what was the
   purpose behind the the law? To prevent fraud, said Parsons.
        But that's not what I found. The genesis of the bizarre Georgia
   law lies not in policies as much as in rank statehouse politics.
        I went looking for Georgia's Speaker of the House and found him
   in his office. He leaned back in his chair and chewed on a cigar. A
   72-year old Democrat, Thomas Murphy has reigned over the state House
   of Representatives for 24 years from an office studded with stuffed
   rabbits and bobcats and conveniently adjacent to the House floor.
        Yesterday, he declined to discuss the measure. "I can't tell you
   anything about it because I don't know anything about it or computers
   or the Internet or anything like that," he said.
        But he knows politics, and his enemies, especially Rep. Mitchell
   Kaye, a fellow who fancies himself the Newt Gingrich of the Georgia
   legislature. Like Gingrich, Kaye is a technocratic Republican hailing
   from bluenose Cobb County, and like pre-1994 Gingrich, he sees himself
   as waging guerrilla warfare against a corrupt and entrenched
   Democratic majority. Dem leaders are equally uncomplimentary. "None of
   us likes Mr. Kaye... No manners towards anyone. He tries to cause all
   the confusion he can," Speaker Murphy grumbled.
        Indeed, the whole statutory mess began shortly after Kaye created
   his own web site,  which he uses to post legislation,
   contact information and some partisan pages for his conservative
   caucus. It proved popular, drawing thousands of visitors a week -- and
   the wrath of lawmakers such as Speaker Murphy, longtime veterans of
   traditional machine politics. It was Kaye's use of the state seal on
   his site -- even with appropriate disclaimers -- that handed Democrats
   a way to muzzle him through the law the ACLU has challenged.
        The irony is, of course, that the Georgia Democrats never
   intended to ban all anonymous and pseudonymous discussions. They never
   believed they'd be attacked in court by a team of New York City
   lawyers. But by punishing anyone who "uses any individual name... to
   falsely identify the person" -- even without intent to deceive --
   their law censors not just Mitchell Kaye, but netizens as well.
       "The last thing they want is sunshine on this case," said the
   upstart Republican, who joined the suit as one of the plaintiffs.
  "They pass a lot of unconstitutional legislation around here."

@_date: 1997-01-31 09:07:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Georgia court hears testimony in anonymity case, from TNNN 
The Netly News Network
Brick By Brick
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
January 31, 1997
   ATLANTA, Ga.-- A federal judge heard testimony yesterday in a landmark
   case challenging a Georgia law that forbids anonymity online.
        The ACLU filed the lawsuit -- the first-ever challenge to a state
   Net-censorship statute -- last September on behalf of 14 plaintiffs,
   arguing that the statute is unconstitutional. The law also
   criminalizes the "unauthorized" use of company names online. It is so
   broadly written, the ACLU claims, that America Online screen names
   could be considered illegal.
        Yesterday's hearing was designed to educate U.S. District Court
   Judge Marvin Shoob about the Net, in much the same way that lawyers
   educated a three-judge panel that struck down the Communications
   Decency Act in Philadelphia in June 1996. It began with a Georgia Tech
   professor who painstakingly demonstrated how the Internet works. "This
   pointing device in the middle of the screen is the cursor," he said.
        The lawsuit is one of many that will shape the future of free
   expression in cyberspace -- and new media. The Georgia challenge seems
   straightforward, but in truth is a key part of the ACLU's strategy to
   cement a foundation of legal precedents that will build on one
   another, brick by statutory brick, and solidify into a framework for
   free speech on the Internet.
        The most fierce battlefield, however, will be in state capitols
   and courtrooms like these. More than 20 states already have launched
   various offensives against the Net, but the ACLU is choosing its
   battles carefully. Depending on how Judge Shoob rules, near-perfect
   anonymous speech may, for the first time in history, be completely
   legal -- at least in one federal district. In a move that could derail
   congressional attempts to rehabilitate the CDA if the high court
   strikes it down, the ACLU assailed a New York State law banning sexual
   images that are "harmful to minors." The organization also is planning
   to sue in Virginia, Florida and California, highlighting a different
   legal point in each case.
        True, the decisions won't be binding on other courts -- unlike,
   say, a U.S. Supreme Court ruling -- but in such a new area of the law,
   judges will grasp at even district court precedents. "You can't
   underestimate the importance," said ACLU attorney Chris Hansen. "The
   law works through precedent. Each case builds on the one before it."
        Key to the strategy is the argument that states can't regulate
   speech on the Internet at all. It's a nuclear bomb of a legal theory,
   which relies on the Constitution's commerce clause and on Supreme
   Court cases that bar states from controlling "commerce that takes
   place wholly outside of the state's borders." The coalition's brief
   offers Usenet newsgroups as an example: "The posting of this message
   in California, therefore, may subject the California author to
   prosecution in Georgia under the Act."
        The state countered that local standards should always apply.
   Daniel Formby, Georgia's deputy attorney general, said yesterday: "You
   do not have to enter a state to violate its laws."
        Free-speech victories in states such as Georgia would permit
   netizens to bypass the strict controls on television and radio that
   ban the transmission of "indecent" words or images. When the Internet
   starts carrying movies and soaps, the stronger free-speech standards
   of cyberspace will extend to those broadcasts. "We gain stronger First
   Amendment rights for other media when they converge, as the Internet
   absorbs other technologies," said ACLU attorney Ann Beeson.
        Sitting quietly in the rear of the Atlanta courtroom throughout
   the hearing was State Rep. Don Parsons, who with the Democratic
   leadership introduced the Georgia law last spring. Parsons insists
   the ACLU's challenge is wrongheaded. Does the law ban anonymous
   speech? "Certainly not! Absolutely not!" he claimed. So what was the
   purpose behind the the law? To prevent fraud, said Parsons.
        But that's not what I found. The genesis of the bizarre Georgia
   law lies not in policies as much as in rank statehouse politics.
        I went looking for Georgia's Speaker of the House and found him
   in his office. He leaned back in his chair and chewed on a cigar. A
   72-year old Democrat, Thomas Murphy has reigned over the state House
   of Representatives for 24 years from an office studded with stuffed
   rabbits and bobcats and conveniently adjacent to the House floor.
        Yesterday, he declined to discuss the measure. "I can't tell you
   anything about it because I don't know anything about it or computers
   or the Internet or anything like that," he said.
        But he knows politics, and his enemies, especially Rep. Mitchell
   Kaye, a fellow who fancies himself the Newt Gingrich of the Georgia
   legislature. Like Gingrich, Kaye is a technocratic Republican hailing
   from bluenose Cobb County, and like pre-1994 Gingrich, he sees himself
   as waging guerrilla warfare against a corrupt and entrenched
   Democratic majority. Dem leaders are equally uncomplimentary. "None of
   us likes Mr. Kaye... No manners towards anyone. He tries to cause all
   the confusion he can," Speaker Murphy grumbled.
        Indeed, the whole statutory mess began shortly after Kaye created
   his own web site,  which he uses to post legislation,
   contact information and some partisan pages for his conservative
   caucus. It proved popular, drawing thousands of visitors a week -- and
   the wrath of lawmakers such as Speaker Murphy, longtime veterans of
   traditional machine politics. It was Kaye's use of the state seal on
   his site -- even with appropriate disclaimers -- that handed Democrats
   a way to muzzle him through the law the ACLU has challenged.
        The irony is, of course, that the Georgia Democrats never
   intended to ban all anonymous and pseudonymous discussions. They never
   believed they'd be attacked in court by a team of New York City
   lawyers. But by punishing anyone who "uses any individual name... to
   falsely identify the person" -- even without intent to deceive --
   their law censors not just Mitchell Kaye, but netizens as well.
       "The last thing they want is sunshine on this case," said the
   upstart Republican, who joined the suit as one of the plaintiffs.
  "They pass a lot of unconstitutional legislation around here."

@_date: 1997-07-01 22:41:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Novell's Eric Schmidt on rating systems 
So I'm logged in from the library of the National Press Club (my
membership dues are finally going for something useful), where I just came
from a breakfast meeting with Eric Schmidt, the CEO of Novell. We talked Net-politics, from copyright to crypto to Net-taxes. But I also
pressed him on the problems of PICS-based rating systems like RSACi,
noting that other governments have started to make them mandatory -- in a
voluntary sort of way. "In the U.S., we're going to have all sorts of folks saying we need to
have a mandatory rating system for web content.. The industry has pushed
very hard for individuals to control things, not governments," he said. What about PICS making it easier for other governments to censor the Net? "We are not the other government's keeper... The beauty of the PICS stuff
is that it's a framework for having the debate," he said.
Next stop: the White House, where I expect this will come up again this

@_date: 1997-07-02 00:55:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Free markets and crypto 
I of course agree with Tim. Corporations are merely voluntary collections
of individuals.
As for civil rights laws: in my dark moments, I want to add a button to my
web page: "Only click here if you are (or are not) Irish." Or "No African
Americans allowed." Or "Nobody over 60 years old permitted." I wonder,
would I be in violation of Title 7?

@_date: 1997-07-02 01:33:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DEF CON V Convention Announcement #1.19 (06.30.97) 
[I'm planning to show up Friday morning. Anyone else going? --Declan]
 READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIB
             DEF CON V Convention Announcement  (06.30.97)
          July 11-13th @ the Aladdin Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas
     XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX      DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX    DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXX  X    X       DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXX  X          DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXX XXXXXXXXX     DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX X      DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXxxxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXX  XX  X    DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX          DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX X XX      DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX  XX X    DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXXXXX X          DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX       DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX X   DEF CON V Convention Announcement
 READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIB
                     The only convention with free beer!
 IN SHORT:--------------------------------------------------------------------
         WHAT: Speakers and partying in Vegas for all hackers
         WHEN: July 11th - 13th
         WHERE: Las Vegas, Nevada @ the Aladdin Hotel and Casino
         COSTS: $30 in advance, $40 at the door
         MORE INFO:  or email info at defcon.org
 IN LONG:---------------------------------------------------------------------
 It's time to brave Las Vegas again for DEF CON!  This is an initial
 announcement and invitation to DEF CON V, a convention for the "underground"
 elements of the computer culture.  We try to target the (Fill in your
 favorite word here): Hackers, Phreaks, Hammies, Virii Coders, Programmers,
 Crackers, Cyberpunk Wannabees, Civil Liberties Groups, CypherPunks,
 Futurists, Artists, Criminally Insane, Hearing Impaired.  It seems that
 books about the culture are becoming more popular, so of course reporters
 are also welcome.  You won't be hurt.  I promise.  Just bring cash for
 drinks.
 So you heard about DEF CON IV, and want to hit part V?  You heard about the
 parties, the info discussed, the bizarre atmosphere of Las Vegas and want to
 check it out in person?  You want to do weird shit _away_ from the hotel
 where you can't get me in trouble?  You have intimate knowledge of the SWIFT
 network, and want to transfer millions of dollars to the Def Con account?
 Then you're just the person to attend!
 What DEF CON is known for is the open discussion of all ideas, the free
 environment to make new contacts and the lack of ego.  More people have made
 great friends at DEF CON over the years than my brain can conceive of.  DEF
 CON is also known for letting the "Suits" (Government / Corporate) mix with
 everyone and get an idea of what the scene is all about.  The media makes an
 appearance every year and we try to educate them as to what is really going
 on.  Basically it has turned into the place to be if you are at all
 interested in the computer underground.
 [Note]-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Now last year over 800 people showed up and threw my whole program for a
 loop.  I was thinking 500+ people, but when 800 showed up it got a little
 crazy for the planning staff.  This year I am planning for 1,000.  This
 way I will be able to accommodate everyone and have less logistical screw-
 ups.
 I would also like to apologize to everyone last year who had temporary
 badges for half the convention, etc.  I will do all that is possible for
 maximum coolness, and minimum hassles.   Anyway, enough of my shit, on with
 the details.
 [End Note]-------------------------------------------------------------------
 SPEAKERS:--------------------------------------------------------------------
 Over the years DEF CON has had many notable speakers.  This year there will
 be more of an emphasis on technical talks.  There will be a separate smaller
 room for break-out sessions of more specific topics.  While the talks of the
 past have been great, it always seems some tech people drop out and general
 talks fill in.  I will load it tech heavy so when people do drop out there
 will still be plenty of meat left for the propeller heads.
 There will be some speaking on Friday evening before Hacker Jeopardy, all
 day Saturday and Sunday.  About 20 people will speak, plus smaller tech
 sessions.  If you are interested in speaking or demonstrating something
 please contact me.
 Current speakers include:
 [> Nhil - Windows NT (in)security.  The challenge response system, NT 5.0
    Kerb security services, man in the middle attacks on domain controllers.
    This will be a more technical discussion of NT related security.
 [> Koresh - Hacking Novell Netware.
 [> Yobie - Emerging infrastructures made possible by Java.  He will describe
    and talk about Java as the foundation for a global, object-oriented
    distributed network.  New concepts and computing paradigms will discussed
    as well as applications for both applications development or straight-out
    hacking.
 [> Mudge - System Administrator for L0pht Heavy Industries.  He will present
    a technical talk on something cool.
 [> Clovis - From the Hacker Jeopardy winning team.  He will discuss issues
    with security and networked object systems, looking at some of the
    recent security issues found with activeX and detail some of the
    potentials and problems with network objects. Topics will include
    development of objects, distributed objects, standards, ActiveX, corba,
    and hacking objects.
 [> Bruce Schneier - Author of Applied Cryptography and the Blowfish
    algorithm - Why cryptography is harder than it looks.
 [> FBI Computer Crime Squad - They will make another appearance this year
    only if I can bribe them with the audio from last years convention.  Can
    I do it in time?
 [> Richard Thieme - "The Dynamics of Social Engineering: a cognitive map for
    getting what you need to know, working in networks, and engaging in
    espionage quietly; the uses of paranoia, imagination, and grandiosity
    to build the Big Picture.
 [> Wrangler - Packet Sniffing:  He will define the idea, explain everything
    from 802.2 frames down to the TCP datagram, and explain the mechanisms
    (NIT, bpf) that different platforms provide to allow the hack.
    Wrangler has been programming since seven column paper tape.  He is a
    loner with the social skills of a California Condor.  He has never been
    a member of LOD, MOD, or any other group.  He has written no books, is
    not currently employed, and refuses to discuss what he refers to as "that
    credit card provider thing back when I used to do mainframe shit."   His
    current projects include looking for his next Fortune 100 contract and
    writing the DEFCON V virus.
 [> Seven - What the feds think of us.
 [> Richard K. - Electronic countermeasures, counter espionage, risk
    management.  Should include a demonstration of electronic
    countermeasures equipment as well as a talk on what works, what doesn't,
    and the industry.
 [> Tom Farley the Publisher of the "Private Line" journal, and Ken
    Kumasawa of TeleDesign Management - Toll Fraud in the 90s: Two
    perspectives.  An overview of phreaking from a hackers point of view and
    an industry/security consultants point.
 [> Michael Quattrocchi - The future of digital cash and a presentation about
    the modernization and state of register-level debit cards; in effect
    currently throughout Canada.
 [> The Deth Vegetable - "The Cult of the Dead Cow embarks on a new era of
    Global Domination for the 21st Century three years early -- if you're
    not at Defcon this year, you won't be down with the master plan.
    Important announcements and startling new developments that will affect
    the entire history of the Computer Underground as you know it."
 [> Ira Winkler - Real life case studies of successful and unsuccessful
    corporate espionage.
 [> Sameer Parekh - c2.net - Why cryptography is harder than it looks, part
    two.  A look at implementation and production problems facing people and
    companies wishing to develope and distribute strong encryption.
 [> Carolyn P. Meinel - Moderator of the Happy Hacker Digest and mailing
    lists.  She will preside over a seperate Happy Hacker discussion
    pannel that will cover the topics of wether or not "newbies" should have
    information handed to them, or should they learn for themselves?
 [> Dan Veeneman -  Low Earth Orbit satellites are nearing the launch stage,
    and this talk will cover the different systems that are planned and some
    of the services they'll offer.  A bit on GPS that wasn't covered last
    year as well as the ever popular question and answer section.
 [> Hobbit - CIFS is a load of CACA - Random SMB CIFS stuff in Microsfot
    products.
 [> Cyber - An overview and explanation of available crypto-tools.  What
    tools and programs do what, when to use them and on what platforms.
    From someone who has spent lots of time playing around with the
    currently available set of applications.
 [> Keith - Has some experience writing firmware for embedded
    microcontroller applications, and is giving a technical talk on
    applications of microcontrollers in the h/p community.
 [> James Jorasch - Hacking Vegas - How to games the gamers.  From someone
    who used to deal with hotel casino security.  What really goes on?
 SCHEDULE:--------------------------------------------------------------------
 FRIDAY:  Network Setup, Sign in, Informal PGP Keysigning at the "PGP table",
 Lots of Partying.  Capture the Flag Contest Starts at 16:00
 On Friday there will be the demonstrations of the Radio Burst Cannon, a
 "real" rail gun, and an omni-directional cell phone jammer.  Times to be
 announced.
 10:00 -       Doors open, sign in starts
 10:00 -       Movies start in main conference room
 16:00 -       Capture the Flag II starts
 15:30 -       Round up and head off for demonstrations of HERF, and
               rail gun madness.  Nothing may happen, then again..
 23:30 - 23:00 James Jorasch - "Hacking Vegas" how to beat the system in
               Vegas by someone who knows it inside and out.
 23:00 - 03:00 Hacker Jeopardy Starts.
 SATURDAY:
 10:00 - 10:50 Richard Thieme - The Dynamics of Social Engineering.
 11:00 - 11:50 Yobie - Emerging infrastructures made possible by Java.
 12:00 - 12:50 Clovis - issues with security and networked object systems.
 13:00 - 13:50 FBI Computer Crime Squad -
 14:00 - 14:50 Deth Veggie - Global Domination, cDc style.
 15:00 - 15:50 Seven - What the feds think of us.
 16:00 - 16:50 Richard K. -
 17:00 - 17:50 Tom Farley and Ken K. - Toll Fraud in the 90s: Two
               perspectives.
 Saturday Breakout Tech Sessions:
 Koresh     - Novell issues.
 Mudge      - Secure Coding.
 Hobbit     - Why CIFS is CACA.
 Nihil      - NT security issues.
 Wrangler   - Packet Sniffing.
 Keith      - firmware for embedded microcontroller applications.
 24:00 (Midnight) Final rounds of Hacker Jeopardy.
 SUNDAY:
 10:00 - 10:50 Ira Winkler - Industrial Espionage.
 11:00 - 11:50 Sameer - Why cryptography is harder than it looks, part two.
 12:00 - 12:50 Cyber - An overview and explanation of available crypto-tools.
 13:00 - 13:50 Carolyn Meinel - Happy Hacker Panel.
 14:00 - 14:50 Michael Q. - The future of digital cash.
 15:00 - 15:50 Dan Veeneman - Low Earth Orbit satellites.
 Sunday Breakout Tech Sessions:
 Happy Hacker track
 Panel: "The Newbie Experiments"
 Moderator is Carolyn Meinel, author of the Guides to (mostly) Harmless
 Hacking series. Other panel members are:
 - Matt Hinze, editor of the Happy Hacker Digest.
 - Bronc Buster, who runs a Web forum, IRC server and the New Buckaroos Web
   site for his fast-growing band of newbies.
 - Mark Biernacki of Shellonly.com will talk about this new ISP which is
   designed to make it easy for newbies to learn to hack. Just say "Telnet
   port 22!"
 - Jericho, who will hold forth on "Let the newbies fend for themselves."
 We will allow each panel member to open with a brief presentation of his or
 her work, followed by debate first among panel members, followed by Q&A from
 the audience. We expect some intense debate:-)
 Then if the Aladdin hotel hasn't yet been demolished yet by riots, we will
 continue with a series of individual presentations:
 - Jon McClintock, editor of Happy-SAD (Systems Administrator Digest) will
   demonstrate how to install Linux.
 - Bronc Buster will hold forth on the Windows 95 denial of service programs
   his Web site offers.
 - Carolyn Meinel will demonstrate how to read email headers, create, and
   decipher forged email.
 Breakout Tech Sessions:
 16:00          Awards for Capture the Flag
                End of it all, cleanup, etc.  See you all next year!
 EVENTS:----------------------------------------------------------------------
 [>     HACKER JEOPARDY:
        Winn is back with Hacker Jeopardy!!  The third year in the running!
        Can the all-powerful Strat and his crypto-minion Erik, whose force
        cannot be contained, be defeated?!  Will the powers that be allow
        Strat-Meister to dominate this beloved event for the third year in
        a row?!  Can Erik continue to pimp-slap the audience into submission
        with a spoon in his mouth?!?  Only Skill, Time, and booze will tell
        the tail!
        The Holy Cow will help supply the beer, you supply the answers.
        The first round starts at 12 midnight o'clock on Friday and lasts
        until it is done.  The second and secret rounds will happen Saturday
        at midnight.
        6 teams will be picked at random and compete for the final round.
        There can be only one!  Strat's Team, the winners from last year
        will defend if all the members can be found.
 [>     FREE BEER!
        Holy Cow will provide free beer tickets!  If you are over 21 prepare
        to consume "hacker" beers.  Actually it's whatever beer they have on
        tap, but it's the best beer in Las Vegas.  Follow Las Vegas Blvd. up
        until you see the florescent cow with the big sunglasses.  All taxi
        drivers know of this Mecca.  Over 1,000 free beers in all!
 [>     BLACK AND WHITE BALL:
        We've talked it over, and the verdict is in.  For the last two years
        at DEF CON there has been a sort of unspoken Saturday night dress up
        event.  People have worn everything from party dresses and Tuxedoes
        to AJ's ultra pimp Swank outfit with tiger print kilt.  This year it
        is official.  Wear your cool shit Saturday night, be it gothic or PVC
        vinyl or Yakuza looking black MIBs.  No prizes, just your chance to
        be the uber-bustah pimp.
 [>     THE TCP/IP DRINKING GAME:
        If you don't know the rules, you'll figure 'em out.
 [>     CAPTURE THE FLAG:
                  ALL NEW, ALL IMPROVED, MORE CONFRONTATIONAL,
                         1997 ILLUMINATI INVITATIONAL,
                        CAPTURE THE FLAG, HACKER STYLE.
      The goal is to take over everybody else's server while protecting your
      own. To cut down on lag time and federal offences we're providing a
      playing field of 5 flag-machine networks connected by a big router in
      the middle.
      The rules:
      1) No taking the network down for more than 60 seconds.
      2) No taking any flag machine (including your own) down for more than
         3 minutes.
      3) In order to be counted in the game, a team's flag machine must
         - be directly connected to the network;
         - have a text file flag on the machine readable by at least 2
           accounts,
         - keep at least 3 *normal* services running in a way that a
           client could actually get their work done using them.                - run a web server if technically possible.
      4) No goonery/summoning of elder gods/Mickey Finns/physical
         coercion... you get the idea.  ( You had the idea, but we're
         trying to prevent you from using it. )
      The field of play :
      Each network will have a "server" of some kind on it, called the flag
      machine. At the start of the game, these servers will be stock
      installations a lot like what you'd see on the average academic/secret
      cabal/military/megacorp  network. Each of these machines  will have a
      PGP private key, named root.flag, and a web server.
      There will also be a machine to provide DNS, called the scoreboard.
      Teams:
      Teams can be one human or more. In order to be a team, you have
      to generate 20 256bit PGP key pairs, have a DEFCON goon pgp-sign
      them and put the public keys on the scoreboard webserver. We'll
      generate a hundred key pairs in advance, so the first five teams can
      just grab a floppy disk (if they're trusting).
      To prove that you've hacked a flag machine, PGP - sign a message with
      the root.flag from the hacked machine, then with one of your own.
      Post the doubly-signed message on the scorekeeper  web server, and
      you've captured that flag (and invalidated the captured root.flag).
      When you've captured a flag, decide between conquest and
      condescension: either take over the server yourself, or hand it back
      to its not-so-eleet owners. To conquer, put one of your PGP private
      keys on the captured server to become the next root.flag.  (Of
      course, you have to properly secure the server to maintain your new
      territory.)
      To condescend, just wait until the original owners see their shame
      spread across the scoreboard. (It would sure be a pity if
      they had to put up a new key before they figured out how you got in
      last time, wouldn't it?)
      Two Ways to Win:
       EVIL EMPIRE: Whoever has the most servers responding with their
         teams' private keys at the end wins.
       PIRATE: Fabulous prizes will also be given to whoever racks up the
         highest total number of flags captured.
      Rough game mechanics (why is everyone so untrusting?):
      Once every 5 minutes or more, the scoreboard machine will post a
      plaintext challenge.  Every team that claims to own a server has to
      PGP-sign that challenge with the private key registered for that
      server and post the signed version on their machine. If a server
      can't respond within 3 minutes, then nobody owns it, and it's fair
      game to be taken back over by the goons.
      Specific rules will be available in print at DefCon before the game
      begins.
      This was a message from The People
 [>     QUAKE COMPETITION:
                This year knightPhlight contacted me and wanted to organize a single
        elimination Quake competition to find out who that badest ass 'mo 'fo
        is.  Check out the web site to get the rules, sign up, or to
        donate a computer the greater good of destruction.
        It is IMHO that Quake by id Software rules 3D action gaming. But who
        rules Quake?  We'll find out this July 11th-13th at the DefCon
        Conference in Las Vegas. This isn't going to be a networked game
        intent on quickly eliminating as many players as possible in a single
        round. Rather, one-on-one games will be played to absolutely
        determine who the best really is.
        Of course, you already know your the best so why would you feel
        obligated to prove it? Because we'll give the first place winner
        $750. Now, being the wily person you are, I bet you would like to
        know where I got the money for the prizes. It'll come from your
        registration fee of $7.50.  Any half wit can do the math and see the
        10,000% return for the winner. But just for entering you'll be in a
        drawing for really kewl stuff. If you don't think its kewl you can
        just give us your email address and we'll be happy to send you a
        couple hundred thousand messages explaining why the prizes are great.
 [>     NET CONNECTION AND TOPOLOGY:
        DefCon 5 Network Plan (v.99)
        Telecommunications
        ------------------
        Media Type: T1 ESF/B8ZS (not D4/AMI)
        Service Provider: Las Vegas Digital Internet
        Telco: Sprint
        Equipment needed Equipment on-hand
        ---------------- ----------------------------------------------
        CSU/DSU Verilink AS2000's with NCC 2301 cards (JC)
        Router Cisco 2501 (Lock)
        Net Admin server (Lock )
        10bT Hubs 16-port from Lock - need more to populate the room
        10bT Cable (miles) Everybody bring their own - will need some extra
        to link hubs
        Network Services:
        -----------------
        Web Server
        CU-reflector
        RealAudio Server
        IRC server?
        This year we are pre-building many of the network boxes so the net
        can go up first thing Friday.  It looks like we will have a T1 line
        and we will break it out to 10 BaseT hubs.  If you want in on the
        network bring along the appropriate cables and adapters.
        More Net Madness!  The T1 bandwidth will allow us to do the
        following cool stuff:
        - Have several color quickcams and a CU-SeeMe reflector site set
        up so people not at the con can check out what's going on.  During
        the convention check out the DEF CON web site to get the location
        of the reflector site.  You should get and install the software
        needed to view CU-SeeMe streams in advance!
        - Have a RealAudio server set up to stream the speakers talks to
        those who can not attend.
        - Potentially play a competitive multi user game(s) over the net.
        NOTE!  If you wish to participate interactively with the convention
        please e-mail me and we can coordinate something.  It would be
        great to get people from all over the world involved.
 [>     5th ANNUAL SPOT THE FED CONTEST:
        The ever popular paranoia builder.  Who IS that person next to you?
        "Like a paranoid version of pin the tail on the donkey, the
        favorite sport at this gathering of computer hackers and phone
        phreaks seems to be hunting down real and imagined telephone
        security and Federal and local law enforcement authorities who the
        attendees are certain are tracking their every move.. .. Of course,
        they may be right."
                                                        - John Markhoff, NYT
        Basically the contest goes like this:  If you see some shady MIB
        (Men in Black) earphone penny loafer sunglass wearing Clint Eastwood
        to live and die in LA type lurking about, point him out.  Just get
        my attention and claim out loud you think you have spotted a fed.
        The people around at the time will then (I bet) start to discuss the
        possibility of whether or not a real fed has been spotted.  Once
        enough people have decided that a fed has been spotted, and the
        Identified Fed (I.F.) has had a say, and informal vote takes place,
        and if enough people think it's a true fed, or fed wanna-be, or
        other nefarious style character, you win a "I spotted the fed!"
        shirt, and the I.F. gets an "I am the fed!" shirt.
        NOTE TO THE FEDS:  This is all in good fun, and if you survive
        unmolested and undetected, but would still secretly like an "I am
        the fed!" shirt to wear around the office or when booting in doors,
        please contact me when no one is looking and I will take your
        order(s).  Just think of all the looks of awe you'll generate at
        work wearing this shirt while you file away all the paperwork
        you'll have to produce over this convention.  I won't turn in any
        feds who contact me, they have to be spotted by others.
        DOUBLE SECRET NOTE TO FEDS:  This year I am printing up extra "I
        am the Fed!" shirts, and will be trading them for coffee mugs,
        shirts or baseball hats from your favorite TLA.  If you want to
        swap bring along some goodies and we can trade.  Be stealth about
        it if you don't want people to spot you.  Agents from foreign
        governments are welcome to trade too, but I gotta work on my mug
        collection and this is the fastest way.
 [>     RAIL GUN DEMONSTRATION: (Friday)
        On Friday afternoon there will be a demonstration of a hand held
        rail gun.  This garage project should be able to fire a graphite
        washer very, very fast.
 [>     OMNIDIRECTIONAL CELL PHONE JAMMER DEMONSTRAITON: (Friday)
        Another interesting creation to be tested on Friday in the desert.
        Come along and watch you cell phone antenna explode with power!
        See control channels crumble before you.
 [>     RADIO BURST CANNON DEMONSTRATION: (Friday)
        While not quite a HERF gun, this should come close.  The RBC should
        be able to produce up to or less than one MegaWatt for up to or less
        than one second.  What will this do?  Who knows!  Come and find out.
        Obviously the above demonstrations will take place away from the
        local hospitals and casinos out in the desert someplace, so be
        prepared.
 HOTELS:----------------------------------------------------------------------
 [> Book your room NOW!!!  We have a block of rooms, but it is first come,
 [> first served.  Rooms get released about one month before the convention.
 [> Book by June 9th or risk it.  The room rates are quite cool this year.
        PRIMARY HOTEL: The Aladdin Hotel and Casino
        3667 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas, Nevada
        Built in 1966 it is one of the oldest hotels in Las Vegas that
        hasn't been blown up to make room for newer ones.  It is quite nice
        and has Tennis courts, two swimming pools, Chinese, Vietnamese and
        Korean.  A Seafood and steakhouse, Joe's Diner and a 24 hour coffee
        shop too.  It's located next to the MGM Theme park on the strip.
        PHONE: 1-800-634-3424, reference the "DC Communications conference"
        for reservations.  702-736-0222
        RATES: Single & Double rooms are $65 in the Garden section, $85 for
        the Tower.  Suites are $250 to $350.  All costs are plus 8% room tax.
        Rollaway beds are available for an additional $15 a night.
 STUFF IN VEGAS:--------------------------------------------------------------
 URLs
         Listings of other hotels in Las Vegas, their numbers, WWW pages, etc.
                   VENDORS / SPONSORS / RESEARCH:-----------------------------------------------
         If you are interested in selling something (shirts, books,
         computers, whatever) and want to get a table contact me for costs.
         If you have some pet research and you want to have the participants
         fill out anonymous questioners please contact me for the best way
         to do this.
         If you want to sponsor any event or part of DEF CON V in return for
         favorable mentions and media manipulation please contact me.  For
         example in the past Secure Computing has sponsored a firewall
         hacking contest.
 MORE INFO:-------------------------------------------------------------------
  [>     DEF CON Voice Bridge (801) 855-3326
         This is a multi-line voice bbs, VMB and voice conference system.
         There are 5 or so conference areas, with up to eight people on each
         one.  Anyone can create a free VMB, and there are different voice
         bbs sections for separate topics.  This is a good neutral meeting
         place to hook up with others.
         The Voice bridge will be changing numbers soon, but the old number
         will refer you to the new location.  The new spot won't suffer from
         "Phantom" bridges!
  [>     MAILING LIST
         send emial to majordomo at merde.dis.org and in the body of the message
         include the following on a separate line each.
         subscribe dc-stuff
         dc-announce is used for convention updates and major announcements,
         dc-stuff is related to general conversation, planning rides and
         rooms, etc.
  [>     WWW Site          Convention updates and archives from previous conventions are housed
         here.  Past speakers, topics, and stuff for sale.  Also a growing
         section of links to other places of interest and current events.
  [>     The Third Annual California Car Caravan to DEF CON!
                  There are also some resources (links to other web sites and text
         files) generally related to DefCon--not specifically the California
         Caravan. These resources are available at:
           [>     The DEF CON V Car ride sharing page:  Use this site to arrange ride
         sharing to the convention from all over North America.  If you can
         spare a seat for someone, or need to leech a ride go to the ride
         sharing page set up by Squeaky.
           [>     EMAIL dtangent at defcon.org
         Send all email questions / comments to dtangent at defcon.org.  It has
         been said that my email is monitored by various people.  If you want
         to say something private, please do so with my pgp key (At the
         bottom of this announcement)  I usually respond to everything, if
         not I'm swamped or had a system problem.
  [>     GIVE ME MONEY! SNAIL MAIL PRE-REGISTRATION
         Send all written materials, pre-registrations, etc. to:
         DEF CON, 2709 E. Madison, Seattle WA, 98112
         If you are pre-registering for $30 please make payable to DEF CON
         and include a name to which you want the registration to apply.
         I don't respond to registrations unless you request.
 DO YOU WANT TO HELP?---------------------------------------------------------
         Here is what you can do if you want to help out or participate in
         some way:
         Donate stuff for the continuous giveaways and the various contests.
         Got extra ancient stuff, or new cool stuff you don't use anymore?
         Donate it to a good cause!  One person was very happy over winning
         an osborne "portable" computer.
         ORGANIZE sharing a room or rides with other people in your area.
         Join the mailing list and let people know you have floor space or
         some extra seats in your car.  Hey, what's the worst that can
         happen besides a trashed hotel room or a car-jacking?
         CREATE questions for hacker jeopardy (you know how the game is
         played) and email them to winn at infowar.com.  No one helped out last
         year, so this year let's try.  Everything from "Famous narks" to
         "unix bugs" is fair game.
         BRING a machine with a 10bt interface card, and get on the local
         network, trade pgp signatures, etc.
 FINAL CHECK LIST OF STUFF TO BRING:------------------------------------------
         From: Enigma
          Here is a list of items to bring to DefCon.  These are only
         suggestions.  Your mileage may vary.  :)
         Items to bring to DefCon
         ~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~
         Clothing
         - Comfortable shirts and pants/shorts
         - Socks, underwear, etc
         - Bathing suit
         - Toiletries (deodorant, toothbrush, comb, hair spray,..., giant
           tub of hair grease, Oxy pads, etc)
         - An extra towel (don't leave home without it.  Anyway, doesn't
           it always seem that you run out of clean towels in the
           bathroom?)
         - Something cool, hip, pimp-o-matic, or ninja-riffic to wear
           Saturday night at the Black and White Ball
           You can skip the deodorant and extra clothing if all you are going
           to do is play "Magic: The Gathering" and "Quake."  Everyone else
           does.
         Stuph
         - Your shades.  Vegas is hot.  The sun is bright.  'Nuff said.
           (If you wear eye glasses, I hear the clip-on, flip-up sunglasses
           are quite the fashion statement)
         - Sunscreen of at least SPF 100.  After spending hundreds of hours
           in front of the monitor, who needs the sun to ruin their ghostly
           white tan?
         - A hat--preferably with a cool logo or catchy phrase like "Gandalf
           Routers," "Netscape," "Microsoft [with "sucks" scrawled below it
           in permanent marker]", "I [heart] [insert government institution:
           Cops, Feds, etc]"...you get the idea
         - Note book, palmtop, or laptop to take notes on during the speeches
         - [Micro]casette recorder to record the speeches (or everyone
           getting drunk in your room Saturday night, not knowing what they
           are saying, with no hope of remembering it...excellent blackmail
           material!)
         - Camcorder (see above...<>)
         - Digital camera--for all of the above reasons PLUS you can
           instantly upload the images through the T1 onto the net
         - Fake ID for all of you under 18/21
         - Fake ID for everyone else, if you're planning something illegal
         - Your best jokes (Nooooo!  Not the superman joke!  Not the pink
           joke)
         - Your best hacking stories...these are all about something "your
           friend" did, aren't they?  You wouldn't admit to doing anything
           illegal, now, would you?
         - Someone else's--oops, I mean "your" credit card numbers
         Fun
         - Your drug(s) of choice -- From caffeine to pot to speed to acid
         - Zippo and extra fuel.  And while you're at it, put an extra flint
           (assuming you can find one in the back of your junk drawer) in
           the bottom.  You always run out at just the wrong time.
         - Extra smokez (Splurge: get some cigars or cloves for the weekend)
         - Leather
         - Handcuffs and chains, nipple clamps, etc.
         - Saran wrap, duct tape, electrical tape, gaffer's tape
         - Candles (the drippy kind)
         - Incense
         - Oils
         - Your copy of "The Pocket Kama Sutra" (ISBN 0-7894-0437-0)
         - That corn starch and water "slime" that Light Ray (I believe) and
           others believed to be the ultimate thing, several DefCon's back.
         Tech
         - Laptop w/ Ethernet card
         - Extra laptop battery
         - A zip drive with a stack of disks containing all your soooper
           k-rad haxing utilities and g-files
         - 10bt/10b2 cabling
         - A small hub
         - You did remember to put a packet sniffer on your zip disk, right?
           Just checking.
         - Every power cord you could possibly need
         - A serial cable with a plethora of adapters so you can get each
           end to be male/female, 9pin/25pin, null-modem/straight
         - Cable to connect the above mentioned digital camera to the laptop
         - Scanner (modded, of course)
         - Frequency counter (I hear the "Scout" is pretty good)
         - HAM radio.  Any band, any frequency.  You didn't modify it to
           transmit on arbitrary frequencies, did you?  Naughty monkey!
         - An assortment of tuned antennas
         - That zip disk has the FCC frequency allocations on it, right?
         - Your uber-elite organizer (the DOS based HP palmtops are quite
           cool) to collect handles and email addresses from people
         - High energy weapons ("Is that an unlicensed nuclear accelerator
           on your back?"  "No, it's just a HERF gun."  "Oh.")
         - Laser pointer (don't get kicked out of the hotel again, youz
           doodz)
         - Your "white courtesy phone" that you stole from the Monte Carlo
           last year
         - A microbroadcasting station with plenty of tuneage
         - Your lock picks or lock picking gun
         - A pocket-sized tool kit containing a modular screwdriver and
           plenty of attachments (flathead, philips, torx, hex, etc)
         - A pocket knife, pliers and wire cutters--or alternatively a
           Leatherman's tool
         - Hell, while you're at it: why not some bring bolt cutters, a
           sledge hammer, and a hack saw?
         - Telephone handset with alligator clips.  Or, if you're uber-
           31337, you have a lineman's butt set (with the serial number
           and telco logo filed off)
         - Bubble gum or epoxy putty--anything maleable and hardens.
           This is good for fixing hoses under the hood of your car.
           It's also useful to jam mechanical sensors (What would happen
           if the microwave always though it's door was open?  Or if the
           elevator always thought there was someone blocking the path
           of the door?  Wouldn't hotel security be pissed if they
           couldn't get into their security room because someone jammed
           a toothpick into the keyhole with krazy glue?)
         - An alabi
         - Spam
         - Multimeter
         - Cordless electric soldering iron
         - Parts box
 MY PGP KEY:------------------------------------------------------------------
 -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
 Version: 2.6.1
 mQCNAy6v5H8AAAEEAJ7xUzvdRFMtJW3CLRs2yXL0BC9dBiB6+hAPgBVqSWbHWVIT
 /5A38LPA4zqeGnGpmZjGev6rPeFEGxDfoV68voLOonRPcea9d/ow0Aq2V5I0nUrl
 LKU7gi3TgEXvhUmk04hjr8Wpr92cTEx4cIlvAeyGkoirb+cihstEqldGqClNAAUR
 tCZUaGUgRGFyayBUYW5nZW50IDxkdGFuZ2VudEBkZWZjb24ub3JnPg==
 =ngNC
 -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-07-02 01:33:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DEF CON V Convention Announcement #1.19 (06.30.97) 
[I'm planning to show up Friday morning. Anyone else going? --Declan]
 READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIB
             DEF CON V Convention Announcement  (06.30.97)
          July 11-13th @ the Aladdin Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas
     XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX      DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX    DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXX  X    X       DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXX  X          DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXX XXXXXXXXX     DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX X      DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXxxxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXX  XX  X    DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX          DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX X XX      DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX  XX X    DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXXXXX X          DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX       DEF CON V Convention Announcement
     XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX X   DEF CON V Convention Announcement
 READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIB
                     The only convention with free beer!
 IN SHORT:--------------------------------------------------------------------
         WHAT: Speakers and partying in Vegas for all hackers
         WHEN: July 11th - 13th
         WHERE: Las Vegas, Nevada @ the Aladdin Hotel and Casino
         COSTS: $30 in advance, $40 at the door
         MORE INFO:  or email info at defcon.org
 IN LONG:---------------------------------------------------------------------
 It's time to brave Las Vegas again for DEF CON!  This is an initial
 announcement and invitation to DEF CON V, a convention for the "underground"
 elements of the computer culture.  We try to target the (Fill in your
 favorite word here): Hackers, Phreaks, Hammies, Virii Coders, Programmers,
 Crackers, Cyberpunk Wannabees, Civil Liberties Groups, CypherPunks,
 Futurists, Artists, Criminally Insane, Hearing Impaired.  It seems that
 books about the culture are becoming more popular, so of course reporters
 are also welcome.  You won't be hurt.  I promise.  Just bring cash for
 drinks.
 So you heard about DEF CON IV, and want to hit part V?  You heard about the
 parties, the info discussed, the bizarre atmosphere of Las Vegas and want to
 check it out in person?  You want to do weird shit _away_ from the hotel
 where you can't get me in trouble?  You have intimate knowledge of the SWIFT
 network, and want to transfer millions of dollars to the Def Con account?
 Then you're just the person to attend!
 What DEF CON is known for is the open discussion of all ideas, the free
 environment to make new contacts and the lack of ego.  More people have made
 great friends at DEF CON over the years than my brain can conceive of.  DEF
 CON is also known for letting the "Suits" (Government / Corporate) mix with
 everyone and get an idea of what the scene is all about.  The media makes an
 appearance every year and we try to educate them as to what is really going
 on.  Basically it has turned into the place to be if you are at all
 interested in the computer underground.
 [Note]-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Now last year over 800 people showed up and threw my whole program for a
 loop.  I was thinking 500+ people, but when 800 showed up it got a little
 crazy for the planning staff.  This year I am planning for 1,000.  This
 way I will be able to accommodate everyone and have less logistical screw-
 ups.
 I would also like to apologize to everyone last year who had temporary
 badges for half the convention, etc.  I will do all that is possible for
 maximum coolness, and minimum hassles.   Anyway, enough of my shit, on with
 the details.
 [End Note]-------------------------------------------------------------------
 SPEAKERS:--------------------------------------------------------------------
 Over the years DEF CON has had many notable speakers.  This year there will
 be more of an emphasis on technical talks.  There will be a separate smaller
 room for break-out sessions of more specific topics.  While the talks of the
 past have been great, it always seems some tech people drop out and general
 talks fill in.  I will load it tech heavy so when people do drop out there
 will still be plenty of meat left for the propeller heads.
 There will be some speaking on Friday evening before Hacker Jeopardy, all
 day Saturday and Sunday.  About 20 people will speak, plus smaller tech
 sessions.  If you are interested in speaking or demonstrating something
 please contact me.
 Current speakers include:
 [> Nhil - Windows NT (in)security.  The challenge response system, NT 5.0
    Kerb security services, man in the middle attacks on domain controllers.
    This will be a more technical discussion of NT related security.
 [> Koresh - Hacking Novell Netware.
 [> Yobie - Emerging infrastructures made possible by Java.  He will describe
    and talk about Java as the foundation for a global, object-oriented
    distributed network.  New concepts and computing paradigms will discussed
    as well as applications for both applications development or straight-out
    hacking.
 [> Mudge - System Administrator for L0pht Heavy Industries.  He will present
    a technical talk on something cool.
 [> Clovis - From the Hacker Jeopardy winning team.  He will discuss issues
    with security and networked object systems, looking at some of the
    recent security issues found with activeX and detail some of the
    potentials and problems with network objects. Topics will include
    development of objects, distributed objects, standards, ActiveX, corba,
    and hacking objects.
 [> Bruce Schneier - Author of Applied Cryptography and the Blowfish
    algorithm - Why cryptography is harder than it looks.
 [> FBI Computer Crime Squad - They will make another appearance this year
    only if I can bribe them with the audio from last years convention.  Can
    I do it in time?
 [> Richard Thieme - "The Dynamics of Social Engineering: a cognitive map for
    getting what you need to know, working in networks, and engaging in
    espionage quietly; the uses of paranoia, imagination, and grandiosity
    to build the Big Picture.
 [> Wrangler - Packet Sniffing:  He will define the idea, explain everything
    from 802.2 frames down to the TCP datagram, and explain the mechanisms
    (NIT, bpf) that different platforms provide to allow the hack.
    Wrangler has been programming since seven column paper tape.  He is a
    loner with the social skills of a California Condor.  He has never been
    a member of LOD, MOD, or any other group.  He has written no books, is
    not currently employed, and refuses to discuss what he refers to as "that
    credit card provider thing back when I used to do mainframe shit."   His
    current projects include looking for his next Fortune 100 contract and
    writing the DEFCON V virus.
 [> Seven - What the feds think of us.
 [> Richard K. - Electronic countermeasures, counter espionage, risk
    management.  Should include a demonstration of electronic
    countermeasures equipment as well as a talk on what works, what doesn't,
    and the industry.
 [> Tom Farley the Publisher of the "Private Line" journal, and Ken
    Kumasawa of TeleDesign Management - Toll Fraud in the 90s: Two
    perspectives.  An overview of phreaking from a hackers point of view and
    an industry/security consultants point.
 [> Michael Quattrocchi - The future of digital cash and a presentation about
    the modernization and state of register-level debit cards; in effect
    currently throughout Canada.
 [> The Deth Vegetable - "The Cult of the Dead Cow embarks on a new era of
    Global Domination for the 21st Century three years early -- if you're
    not at Defcon this year, you won't be down with the master plan.
    Important announcements and startling new developments that will affect
    the entire history of the Computer Underground as you know it."
 [> Ira Winkler - Real life case studies of successful and unsuccessful
    corporate espionage.
 [> Sameer Parekh - c2.net - Why cryptography is harder than it looks, part
    two.  A look at implementation and production problems facing people and
    companies wishing to develope and distribute strong encryption.
 [> Carolyn P. Meinel - Moderator of the Happy Hacker Digest and mailing
    lists.  She will preside over a seperate Happy Hacker discussion
    pannel that will cover the topics of wether or not "newbies" should have
    information handed to them, or should they learn for themselves?
 [> Dan Veeneman -  Low Earth Orbit satellites are nearing the launch stage,
    and this talk will cover the different systems that are planned and some
    of the services they'll offer.  A bit on GPS that wasn't covered last
    year as well as the ever popular question and answer section.
 [> Hobbit - CIFS is a load of CACA - Random SMB CIFS stuff in Microsfot
    products.
 [> Cyber - An overview and explanation of available crypto-tools.  What
    tools and programs do what, when to use them and on what platforms.
    From someone who has spent lots of time playing around with the
    currently available set of applications.
 [> Keith - Has some experience writing firmware for embedded
    microcontroller applications, and is giving a technical talk on
    applications of microcontrollers in the h/p community.
 [> James Jorasch - Hacking Vegas - How to games the gamers.  From someone
    who used to deal with hotel casino security.  What really goes on?
 SCHEDULE:--------------------------------------------------------------------
 FRIDAY:  Network Setup, Sign in, Informal PGP Keysigning at the "PGP table",
 Lots of Partying.  Capture the Flag Contest Starts at 16:00
 On Friday there will be the demonstrations of the Radio Burst Cannon, a
 "real" rail gun, and an omni-directional cell phone jammer.  Times to be
 announced.
 10:00 -       Doors open, sign in starts
 10:00 -       Movies start in main conference room
 16:00 -       Capture the Flag II starts
 15:30 -       Round up and head off for demonstrations of HERF, and
               rail gun madness.  Nothing may happen, then again..
 23:30 - 23:00 James Jorasch - "Hacking Vegas" how to beat the system in
               Vegas by someone who knows it inside and out.
 23:00 - 03:00 Hacker Jeopardy Starts.
 SATURDAY:
 10:00 - 10:50 Richard Thieme - The Dynamics of Social Engineering.
 11:00 - 11:50 Yobie - Emerging infrastructures made possible by Java.
 12:00 - 12:50 Clovis - issues with security and networked object systems.
 13:00 - 13:50 FBI Computer Crime Squad -
 14:00 - 14:50 Deth Veggie - Global Domination, cDc style.
 15:00 - 15:50 Seven - What the feds think of us.
 16:00 - 16:50 Richard K. -
 17:00 - 17:50 Tom Farley and Ken K. - Toll Fraud in the 90s: Two
               perspectives.
 Saturday Breakout Tech Sessions:
 Koresh     - Novell issues.
 Mudge      - Secure Coding.
 Hobbit     - Why CIFS is CACA.
 Nihil      - NT security issues.
 Wrangler   - Packet Sniffing.
 Keith      - firmware for embedded microcontroller applications.
 24:00 (Midnight) Final rounds of Hacker Jeopardy.
 SUNDAY:
 10:00 - 10:50 Ira Winkler - Industrial Espionage.
 11:00 - 11:50 Sameer - Why cryptography is harder than it looks, part two.
 12:00 - 12:50 Cyber - An overview and explanation of available crypto-tools.
 13:00 - 13:50 Carolyn Meinel - Happy Hacker Panel.
 14:00 - 14:50 Michael Q. - The future of digital cash.
 15:00 - 15:50 Dan Veeneman - Low Earth Orbit satellites.
 Sunday Breakout Tech Sessions:
 Happy Hacker track
 Panel: "The Newbie Experiments"
 Moderator is Carolyn Meinel, author of the Guides to (mostly) Harmless
 Hacking series. Other panel members are:
 - Matt Hinze, editor of the Happy Hacker Digest.
 - Bronc Buster, who runs a Web forum, IRC server and the New Buckaroos Web
   site for his fast-growing band of newbies.
 - Mark Biernacki of Shellonly.com will talk about this new ISP which is
   designed to make it easy for newbies to learn to hack. Just say "Telnet
   port 22!"
 - Jericho, who will hold forth on "Let the newbies fend for themselves."
 We will allow each panel member to open with a brief presentation of his or
 her work, followed by debate first among panel members, followed by Q&A from
 the audience. We expect some intense debate:-)
 Then if the Aladdin hotel hasn't yet been demolished yet by riots, we will
 continue with a series of individual presentations:
 - Jon McClintock, editor of Happy-SAD (Systems Administrator Digest) will
   demonstrate how to install Linux.
 - Bronc Buster will hold forth on the Windows 95 denial of service programs
   his Web site offers.
 - Carolyn Meinel will demonstrate how to read email headers, create, and
   decipher forged email.
 Breakout Tech Sessions:
 16:00          Awards for Capture the Flag
                End of it all, cleanup, etc.  See you all next year!
 EVENTS:----------------------------------------------------------------------
 [>     HACKER JEOPARDY:
        Winn is back with Hacker Jeopardy!!  The third year in the running!
        Can the all-powerful Strat and his crypto-minion Erik, whose force
        cannot be contained, be defeated?!  Will the powers that be allow
        Strat-Meister to dominate this beloved event for the third year in
        a row?!  Can Erik continue to pimp-slap the audience into submission
        with a spoon in his mouth?!?  Only Skill, Time, and booze will tell
        the tail!
        The Holy Cow will help supply the beer, you supply the answers.
        The first round starts at 12 midnight o'clock on Friday and lasts
        until it is done.  The second and secret rounds will happen Saturday
        at midnight.
        6 teams will be picked at random and compete for the final round.
        There can be only one!  Strat's Team, the winners from last year
        will defend if all the members can be found.
 [>     FREE BEER!
        Holy Cow will provide free beer tickets!  If you are over 21 prepare
        to consume "hacker" beers.  Actually it's whatever beer they have on
        tap, but it's the best beer in Las Vegas.  Follow Las Vegas Blvd. up
        until you see the florescent cow with the big sunglasses.  All taxi
        drivers know of this Mecca.  Over 1,000 free beers in all!
 [>     BLACK AND WHITE BALL:
        We've talked it over, and the verdict is in.  For the last two years
        at DEF CON there has been a sort of unspoken Saturday night dress up
        event.  People have worn everything from party dresses and Tuxedoes
        to AJ's ultra pimp Swank outfit with tiger print kilt.  This year it
        is official.  Wear your cool shit Saturday night, be it gothic or PVC
        vinyl or Yakuza looking black MIBs.  No prizes, just your chance to
        be the uber-bustah pimp.
 [>     THE TCP/IP DRINKING GAME:
        If you don't know the rules, you'll figure 'em out.
 [>     CAPTURE THE FLAG:
                  ALL NEW, ALL IMPROVED, MORE CONFRONTATIONAL,
                         1997 ILLUMINATI INVITATIONAL,
                        CAPTURE THE FLAG, HACKER STYLE.
      The goal is to take over everybody else's server while protecting your
      own. To cut down on lag time and federal offences we're providing a
      playing field of 5 flag-machine networks connected by a big router in
      the middle.
      The rules:
      1) No taking the network down for more than 60 seconds.
      2) No taking any flag machine (including your own) down for more than
         3 minutes.
      3) In order to be counted in the game, a team's flag machine must
         - be directly connected to the network;
         - have a text file flag on the machine readable by at least 2
           accounts,
         - keep at least 3 *normal* services running in a way that a
           client could actually get their work done using them.                - run a web server if technically possible.
      4) No goonery/summoning of elder gods/Mickey Finns/physical
         coercion... you get the idea.  ( You had the idea, but we're
         trying to prevent you from using it. )
      The field of play :
      Each network will have a "server" of some kind on it, called the flag
      machine. At the start of the game, these servers will be stock
      installations a lot like what you'd see on the average academic/secret
      cabal/military/megacorp  network. Each of these machines  will have a
      PGP private key, named root.flag, and a web server.
      There will also be a machine to provide DNS, called the scoreboard.
      Teams:
      Teams can be one human or more. In order to be a team, you have
      to generate 20 256bit PGP key pairs, have a DEFCON goon pgp-sign
      them and put the public keys on the scoreboard webserver. We'll
      generate a hundred key pairs in advance, so the first five teams can
      just grab a floppy disk (if they're trusting).
      To prove that you've hacked a flag machine, PGP - sign a message with
      the root.flag from the hacked machine, then with one of your own.
      Post the doubly-signed message on the scorekeeper  web server, and
      you've captured that flag (and invalidated the captured root.flag).
      When you've captured a flag, decide between conquest and
      condescension: either take over the server yourself, or hand it back
      to its not-so-eleet owners. To conquer, put one of your PGP private
      keys on the captured server to become the next root.flag.  (Of
      course, you have to properly secure the server to maintain your new
      territory.)
      To condescend, just wait until the original owners see their shame
      spread across the scoreboard. (It would sure be a pity if
      they had to put up a new key before they figured out how you got in
      last time, wouldn't it?)
      Two Ways to Win:
       EVIL EMPIRE: Whoever has the most servers responding with their
         teams' private keys at the end wins.
       PIRATE: Fabulous prizes will also be given to whoever racks up the
         highest total number of flags captured.
      Rough game mechanics (why is everyone so untrusting?):
      Once every 5 minutes or more, the scoreboard machine will post a
      plaintext challenge.  Every team that claims to own a server has to
      PGP-sign that challenge with the private key registered for that
      server and post the signed version on their machine. If a server
      can't respond within 3 minutes, then nobody owns it, and it's fair
      game to be taken back over by the goons.
      Specific rules will be available in print at DefCon before the game
      begins.
      This was a message from The People
 [>     QUAKE COMPETITION:
                This year knightPhlight contacted me and wanted to organize a single
        elimination Quake competition to find out who that badest ass 'mo 'fo
        is.  Check out the web site to get the rules, sign up, or to
        donate a computer the greater good of destruction.
        It is IMHO that Quake by id Software rules 3D action gaming. But who
        rules Quake?  We'll find out this July 11th-13th at the DefCon
        Conference in Las Vegas. This isn't going to be a networked game
        intent on quickly eliminating as many players as possible in a single
        round. Rather, one-on-one games will be played to absolutely
        determine who the best really is.
        Of course, you already know your the best so why would you feel
        obligated to prove it? Because we'll give the first place winner
        $750. Now, being the wily person you are, I bet you would like to
        know where I got the money for the prizes. It'll come from your
        registration fee of $7.50.  Any half wit can do the math and see the
        10,000% return for the winner. But just for entering you'll be in a
        drawing for really kewl stuff. If you don't think its kewl you can
        just give us your email address and we'll be happy to send you a
        couple hundred thousand messages explaining why the prizes are great.
 [>     NET CONNECTION AND TOPOLOGY:
        DefCon 5 Network Plan (v.99)
        Telecommunications
        ------------------
        Media Type: T1 ESF/B8ZS (not D4/AMI)
        Service Provider: Las Vegas Digital Internet
        Telco: Sprint
        Equipment needed Equipment on-hand
        ---------------- ----------------------------------------------
        CSU/DSU Verilink AS2000's with NCC 2301 cards (JC)
        Router Cisco 2501 (Lock)
        Net Admin server (Lock )
        10bT Hubs 16-port from Lock - need more to populate the room
        10bT Cable (miles) Everybody bring their own - will need some extra
        to link hubs
        Network Services:
        -----------------
        Web Server
        CU-reflector
        RealAudio Server
        IRC server?
        This year we are pre-building many of the network boxes so the net
        can go up first thing Friday.  It looks like we will have a T1 line
        and we will break it out to 10 BaseT hubs.  If you want in on the
        network bring along the appropriate cables and adapters.
        More Net Madness!  The T1 bandwidth will allow us to do the
        following cool stuff:
        - Have several color quickcams and a CU-SeeMe reflector site set
        up so people not at the con can check out what's going on.  During
        the convention check out the DEF CON web site to get the location
        of the reflector site.  You should get and install the software
        needed to view CU-SeeMe streams in advance!
        - Have a RealAudio server set up to stream the speakers talks to
        those who can not attend.
        - Potentially play a competitive multi user game(s) over the net.
        NOTE!  If you wish to participate interactively with the convention
        please e-mail me and we can coordinate something.  It would be
        great to get people from all over the world involved.
 [>     5th ANNUAL SPOT THE FED CONTEST:
        The ever popular paranoia builder.  Who IS that person next to you?
        "Like a paranoid version of pin the tail on the donkey, the
        favorite sport at this gathering of computer hackers and phone
        phreaks seems to be hunting down real and imagined telephone
        security and Federal and local law enforcement authorities who the
        attendees are certain are tracking their every move.. .. Of course,
        they may be right."
                                                        - John Markhoff, NYT
        Basically the contest goes like this:  If you see some shady MIB
        (Men in Black) earphone penny loafer sunglass wearing Clint Eastwood
        to live and die in LA type lurking about, point him out.  Just get
        my attention and claim out loud you think you have spotted a fed.
        The people around at the time will then (I bet) start to discuss the
        possibility of whether or not a real fed has been spotted.  Once
        enough people have decided that a fed has been spotted, and the
        Identified Fed (I.F.) has had a say, and informal vote takes place,
        and if enough people think it's a true fed, or fed wanna-be, or
        other nefarious style character, you win a "I spotted the fed!"
        shirt, and the I.F. gets an "I am the fed!" shirt.
        NOTE TO THE FEDS:  This is all in good fun, and if you survive
        unmolested and undetected, but would still secretly like an "I am
        the fed!" shirt to wear around the office or when booting in doors,
        please contact me when no one is looking and I will take your
        order(s).  Just think of all the looks of awe you'll generate at
        work wearing this shirt while you file away all the paperwork
        you'll have to produce over this convention.  I won't turn in any
        feds who contact me, they have to be spotted by others.
        DOUBLE SECRET NOTE TO FEDS:  This year I am printing up extra "I
        am the Fed!" shirts, and will be trading them for coffee mugs,
        shirts or baseball hats from your favorite TLA.  If you want to
        swap bring along some goodies and we can trade.  Be stealth about
        it if you don't want people to spot you.  Agents from foreign
        governments are welcome to trade too, but I gotta work on my mug
        collection and this is the fastest way.
 [>     RAIL GUN DEMONSTRATION: (Friday)
        On Friday afternoon there will be a demonstration of a hand held
        rail gun.  This garage project should be able to fire a graphite
        washer very, very fast.
 [>     OMNIDIRECTIONAL CELL PHONE JAMMER DEMONSTRAITON: (Friday)
        Another interesting creation to be tested on Friday in the desert.
        Come along and watch you cell phone antenna explode with power!
        See control channels crumble before you.
 [>     RADIO BURST CANNON DEMONSTRATION: (Friday)
        While not quite a HERF gun, this should come close.  The RBC should
        be able to produce up to or less than one MegaWatt for up to or less
        than one second.  What will this do?  Who knows!  Come and find out.
        Obviously the above demonstrations will take place away from the
        local hospitals and casinos out in the desert someplace, so be
        prepared.
 HOTELS:----------------------------------------------------------------------
 [> Book your room NOW!!!  We have a block of rooms, but it is first come,
 [> first served.  Rooms get released about one month before the convention.
 [> Book by June 9th or risk it.  The room rates are quite cool this year.
        PRIMARY HOTEL: The Aladdin Hotel and Casino
        3667 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas, Nevada
        Built in 1966 it is one of the oldest hotels in Las Vegas that
        hasn't been blown up to make room for newer ones.  It is quite nice
        and has Tennis courts, two swimming pools, Chinese, Vietnamese and
        Korean.  A Seafood and steakhouse, Joe's Diner and a 24 hour coffee
        shop too.  It's located next to the MGM Theme park on the strip.
        PHONE: 1-800-634-3424, reference the "DC Communications conference"
        for reservations.  702-736-0222
        RATES: Single & Double rooms are $65 in the Garden section, $85 for
        the Tower.  Suites are $250 to $350.  All costs are plus 8% room tax.
        Rollaway beds are available for an additional $15 a night.
 STUFF IN VEGAS:--------------------------------------------------------------
 URLs
         Listings of other hotels in Las Vegas, their numbers, WWW pages, etc.
                   VENDORS / SPONSORS / RESEARCH:-----------------------------------------------
         If you are interested in selling something (shirts, books,
         computers, whatever) and want to get a table contact me for costs.
         If you have some pet research and you want to have the participants
         fill out anonymous questioners please contact me for the best way
         to do this.
         If you want to sponsor any event or part of DEF CON V in return for
         favorable mentions and media manipulation please contact me.  For
         example in the past Secure Computing has sponsored a firewall
         hacking contest.
 MORE INFO:-------------------------------------------------------------------
  [>     DEF CON Voice Bridge (801) 855-3326
         This is a multi-line voice bbs, VMB and voice conference system.
         There are 5 or so conference areas, with up to eight people on each
         one.  Anyone can create a free VMB, and there are different voice
         bbs sections for separate topics.  This is a good neutral meeting
         place to hook up with others.
         The Voice bridge will be changing numbers soon, but the old number
         will refer you to the new location.  The new spot won't suffer from
         "Phantom" bridges!
  [>     MAILING LIST
         send emial to majordomo at merde.dis.org and in the body of the message
         include the following on a separate line each.
         subscribe dc-stuff
         dc-announce is used for convention updates and major announcements,
         dc-stuff is related to general conversation, planning rides and
         rooms, etc.
  [>     WWW Site          Convention updates and archives from previous conventions are housed
         here.  Past speakers, topics, and stuff for sale.  Also a growing
         section of links to other places of interest and current events.
  [>     The Third Annual California Car Caravan to DEF CON!
                  There are also some resources (links to other web sites and text
         files) generally related to DefCon--not specifically the California
         Caravan. These resources are available at:
           [>     The DEF CON V Car ride sharing page:  Use this site to arrange ride
         sharing to the convention from all over North America.  If you can
         spare a seat for someone, or need to leech a ride go to the ride
         sharing page set up by Squeaky.
           [>     EMAIL dtangent at defcon.org
         Send all email questions / comments to dtangent at defcon.org.  It has
         been said that my email is monitored by various people.  If you want
         to say something private, please do so with my pgp key (At the
         bottom of this announcement)  I usually respond to everything, if
         not I'm swamped or had a system problem.
  [>     GIVE ME MONEY! SNAIL MAIL PRE-REGISTRATION
         Send all written materials, pre-registrations, etc. to:
         DEF CON, 2709 E. Madison, Seattle WA, 98112
         If you are pre-registering for $30 please make payable to DEF CON
         and include a name to which you want the registration to apply.
         I don't respond to registrations unless you request.
 DO YOU WANT TO HELP?---------------------------------------------------------
         Here is what you can do if you want to help out or participate in
         some way:
         Donate stuff for the continuous giveaways and the various contests.
         Got extra ancient stuff, or new cool stuff you don't use anymore?
         Donate it to a good cause!  One person was very happy over winning
         an osborne "portable" computer.
         ORGANIZE sharing a room or rides with other people in your area.
         Join the mailing list and let people know you have floor space or
         some extra seats in your car.  Hey, what's the worst that can
         happen besides a trashed hotel room or a car-jacking?
         CREATE questions for hacker jeopardy (you know how the game is
         played) and email them to winn at infowar.com.  No one helped out last
         year, so this year let's try.  Everything from "Famous narks" to
         "unix bugs" is fair game.
         BRING a machine with a 10bt interface card, and get on the local
         network, trade pgp signatures, etc.
 FINAL CHECK LIST OF STUFF TO BRING:------------------------------------------
         From: Enigma
          Here is a list of items to bring to DefCon.  These are only
         suggestions.  Your mileage may vary.  :)
         Items to bring to DefCon
         ~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~
         Clothing
         - Comfortable shirts and pants/shorts
         - Socks, underwear, etc
         - Bathing suit
         - Toiletries (deodorant, toothbrush, comb, hair spray,..., giant
           tub of hair grease, Oxy pads, etc)
         - An extra towel (don't leave home without it.  Anyway, doesn't
           it always seem that you run out of clean towels in the
           bathroom?)
         - Something cool, hip, pimp-o-matic, or ninja-riffic to wear
           Saturday night at the Black and White Ball
           You can skip the deodorant and extra clothing if all you are going
           to do is play "Magic: The Gathering" and "Quake."  Everyone else
           does.
         Stuph
         - Your shades.  Vegas is hot.  The sun is bright.  'Nuff said.
           (If you wear eye glasses, I hear the clip-on, flip-up sunglasses
           are quite the fashion statement)
         - Sunscreen of at least SPF 100.  After spending hundreds of hours
           in front of the monitor, who needs the sun to ruin their ghostly
           white tan?
         - A hat--preferably with a cool logo or catchy phrase like "Gandalf
           Routers," "Netscape," "Microsoft [with "sucks" scrawled below it
           in permanent marker]", "I [heart] [insert government institution:
           Cops, Feds, etc]"...you get the idea
         - Note book, palmtop, or laptop to take notes on during the speeches
         - [Micro]casette recorder to record the speeches (or everyone
           getting drunk in your room Saturday night, not knowing what they
           are saying, with no hope of remembering it...excellent blackmail
           material!)
         - Camcorder (see above...<>)
         - Digital camera--for all of the above reasons PLUS you can
           instantly upload the images through the T1 onto the net
         - Fake ID for all of you under 18/21
         - Fake ID for everyone else, if you're planning something illegal
         - Your best jokes (Nooooo!  Not the superman joke!  Not the pink
           joke)
         - Your best hacking stories...these are all about something "your
           friend" did, aren't they?  You wouldn't admit to doing anything
           illegal, now, would you?
         - Someone else's--oops, I mean "your" credit card numbers
         Fun
         - Your drug(s) of choice -- From caffeine to pot to speed to acid
         - Zippo and extra fuel.  And while you're at it, put an extra flint
           (assuming you can find one in the back of your junk drawer) in
           the bottom.  You always run out at just the wrong time.
         - Extra smokez (Splurge: get some cigars or cloves for the weekend)
         - Leather
         - Handcuffs and chains, nipple clamps, etc.
         - Saran wrap, duct tape, electrical tape, gaffer's tape
         - Candles (the drippy kind)
         - Incense
         - Oils
         - Your copy of "The Pocket Kama Sutra" (ISBN 0-7894-0437-0)
         - That corn starch and water "slime" that Light Ray (I believe) and
           others believed to be the ultimate thing, several DefCon's back.
         Tech
         - Laptop w/ Ethernet card
         - Extra laptop battery
         - A zip drive with a stack of disks containing all your soooper
           k-rad haxing utilities and g-files
         - 10bt/10b2 cabling
         - A small hub
         - You did remember to put a packet sniffer on your zip disk, right?
           Just checking.
         - Every power cord you could possibly need
         - A serial cable with a plethora of adapters so you can get each
           end to be male/female, 9pin/25pin, null-modem/straight
         - Cable to connect the above mentioned digital camera to the laptop
         - Scanner (modded, of course)
         - Frequency counter (I hear the "Scout" is pretty good)
         - HAM radio.  Any band, any frequency.  You didn't modify it to
           transmit on arbitrary frequencies, did you?  Naughty monkey!
         - An assortment of tuned antennas
         - That zip disk has the FCC frequency allocations on it, right?
         - Your uber-elite organizer (the DOS based HP palmtops are quite
           cool) to collect handles and email addresses from people
         - High energy weapons ("Is that an unlicensed nuclear accelerator
           on your back?"  "No, it's just a HERF gun."  "Oh.")
         - Laser pointer (don't get kicked out of the hotel again, youz
           doodz)
         - Your "white courtesy phone" that you stole from the Monte Carlo
           last year
         - A microbroadcasting station with plenty of tuneage
         - Your lock picks or lock picking gun
         - A pocket-sized tool kit containing a modular screwdriver and
           plenty of attachments (flathead, philips, torx, hex, etc)
         - A pocket knife, pliers and wire cutters--or alternatively a
           Leatherman's tool
         - Hell, while you're at it: why not some bring bolt cutters, a
           sledge hammer, and a hack saw?
         - Telephone handset with alligator clips.  Or, if you're uber-
           31337, you have a lineman's butt set (with the serial number
           and telco logo filed off)
         - Bubble gum or epoxy putty--anything maleable and hardens.
           This is good for fixing hoses under the hood of your car.
           It's also useful to jam mechanical sensors (What would happen
           if the microwave always though it's door was open?  Or if the
           elevator always thought there was someone blocking the path
           of the door?  Wouldn't hotel security be pissed if they
           couldn't get into their security room because someone jammed
           a toothpick into the keyhole with krazy glue?)
         - An alabi
         - Spam
         - Multimeter
         - Cordless electric soldering iron
         - Parts box
 MY PGP KEY:------------------------------------------------------------------
 -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
 Version: 2.6.1
 mQCNAy6v5H8AAAEEAJ7xUzvdRFMtJW3CLRs2yXL0BC9dBiB6+hAPgBVqSWbHWVIT
 /5A38LPA4zqeGnGpmZjGev6rPeFEGxDfoV68voLOonRPcea9d/ow0Aq2V5I0nUrl
 LKU7gi3TgEXvhUmk04hjr8Wpr92cTEx4cIlvAeyGkoirb+cihstEqldGqClNAAUR
 tCZUaGUgRGFyayBUYW5nZW50IDxkdGFuZ2VudEBkZWZjb24ub3JnPg==
 =ngNC
 -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-07-09 03:49:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Article on Jim Bell/Assassination Politics 
In the July/August issue of Internet Underground magazine, I have a
feature article on Jim Bell and Assassination Politics. I mention the
cypherpunks list, of course. Nothing especially new, but folks might be
interested in a summary and recap.

@_date: 1997-07-10 11:25:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cast of Characters for Crypto Politics (Judiciary Hearing) 
The Senate Judiciary committee today heard testimony on
key escrow, particularly the "Secure Public Networks
Act" (S. 909) introduced last month. The Senate
Commerce committee on June 19 approved the bill,
backed by Sen. Bob Kerrey and Sen. John McCain, which
would create a national key escrow infrastructure.
Pro-encryption legislation is dead in the Senate;
McCain-Kerrey has taken its place.
Here's a cast of characters from today's hearing...
SEN. ORRIN HATCH (R): Asked what PGP stood for. Hatch,
who chaired the hearing, said "one would expect the
executive branch to lead" on such an important issue
but "the Clinton administration has been all over the
map." Said it's time for Congress to seize the debate,
that it's already "acting as a broker for these
competing interests" and the Senate Judiciary
committee in particular "must serve as a forum for
open debate in this area."
SEN. PATRICK LEAHY (D): The Senate's supposed defender
of crypto-freedom was at best a milquetoast one today.
During his opening remarks, he refrained from
criticizing bills to encourage key recovery; in fact,
he argued that *he's* been pushing key recovery bills
far longer than anyone else. ("There has been _one_
key recovery bill pending in the Senate in the last
Congress and for most of this one. That is the ECPA,
which I introduced...") Spoke against the
McCain-Kerrey bill not on broad, philosophical grounds
but on narrower grounds such as awarding too much
discretionary power to the Commerce Secretary.
SEN. CHARLES GRASSLEY (R): Tried to paint himself as
someone who understands the dangers of government
power by noting he joined many Republicans in opposing
roving wiretaps last summer, but then spoke darkly of
pedophiles armed with crypto. "Encryption is hindering
the investigation of chid sex offenders," Grassley
warned. He told how Colorado police couldn't break
into a teen's password-protected electronic organizer
where incriminating information might be stored. His
continuing fixation on child molesters shone through
today, as it did two years ago at a hearing for his
Net-censorship bill. He concluded: "How many child
molesters should go free because of encryption?"
SEN. BOB KERREY (D): Perhaps gaining confidence in his
political backing, Sen. Bob Kerrey spoke at length
about the dangers of uncontrolled *domestic* use of
crypto. "The current law is unacceptable. The status
quo is unacceptable," he said. At one point he talked
about scrapping any legislative changes to export
rules -- and focusing instead just on domestic crypto
and domestic key escrow.
SEN. JOHN KYL (R): Criticized Kerrey for being too
moderate. "My own view is that the legislation does
not go far enough," Sen. Kyl said of the McCain-Kerrey
bill. He said he was concerned about *any* changes to
export controls and wanted to keep the status quo. "I
don't want to be sitting up here and to have law
enforcement officials say to us you had the
opportunity to protect American lives and you didn't
do it," Kyl said. Tossed easy lobs to FBI Director
Freeh, who batted them out of the park.
SEN. DIANNE FEINSTEIN (D): Said "I would echo Sen.
Kyl's concerns." Noted she represented a high-tech
state but still was concerned about the uncontrolled
spread of encryption. Said to Freeh: "You've made a
clear and compelling case for key recovery. If it was
understood by the American people, they'd be
supportive." Followed up on Grassley's point about the
passworded organizer by asking Kerrey, "Without
revealing the classified briefing you participated in
and we have recently, what's puzzling me is that the
Colorado law enforcement doesn't have any recourse to
be able to break into a system." She said she thought
that the FBI could tunnel into such a device, but FBI
director Louis Freeh shook his head no.
SEN. JOHN ASHCROFT (R): Emerged as a staunch
crypto-defender. Asked Freeh why, if 56-bit crypto was
good enough for the general public, did the
administration allow banks to export 128-bit crypto?
Told Freeh, "Your presumption is that law breakers
will use key recovery systmes that are voluntary."
Argued that "there's no need for us to pass
legislation [on key recovery]... this is something to
which the market is responding." Wondered why the Cali
Cartel would use crypto with backdoors for the Feds.
Dismissed arguments about other countries' crypto
restrictions by saying: "So we have a whole bunch of
other comuntries without the commitment to civil
liberties we have." Controlling crypto is tricky
because "we're in a universe that's dynamic," he said.
"It seems to me that with our marketplace using
128-bit, we ought to be very careful about saying we
can consume it, we can use it, but we can't export
it." Landed a solid blow when he questioned how the
"crypto-in-a-crime" provision would work if someone
encrypts their tax data and is found guilty of a crime
later. "Is he guilty of a second crime because he
sought to protect the integrity of his tax returns
with encryption?"
More info:
          Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:37:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Domain names and "The Network $olution", from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
July 10, 1997
The Network $olution
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        It could have been the perfect way to liberate the Net from the
   much-reviled monopoly of Network Solutions Inc., the company that
   handles almost all U.S. domain name registrations. Backed by
   well-regarded groups such as the Internet Society, the seven-page
   proposal promised to reduce prices, increase choices -- and best of
   all, really put the screws to everyone's least favorite domain name
   registrar.
        But a month before the curtain is set to lift on a host of new
   domains to supplement .com and .org, the ambitious plan suddenly seems
   as doomed as the recently extirpated Communications Decency Act. Not
   only did just one government, Albania, sign the "Memorandum of
   Understanding" (MoU), but the U.S. actively opposed it. So did Network
   Solutions, after they realized with gut-wrenching dismay the
   consequences of losing their lucrative monopoly on .com.
        Yesterday another group of MoU critics met in Washington to form
   the Open Internet Congress, which hopes to wrest control of Net
   governance from "hobbyists" and "volunteers" and haul it into the
   mainstream. "I don't want a bunch of volunteers playing around and
   trying to run the show. I don't want petty battles over who's in
   charge and who's keeping the lights on," says Andrew Sernovitz, the
   president of the Association for Interactive Media, which organized
   the summit. Sernovitz envisions a ruthlessly commercialized cyberspace
   that's safe for companies like IBM, Intel, NBC and Time Warner
   (Netly's corporate big brother) that cough up $9,000 a year to be
   governing members of AIM.
        The talk yesterday was of revolution. Sernovitz spoke about
   holding an Internet "Constitutional Convention" this fall. He passed
   out supportive columns quoting from "Common Sense" by Thomas Paine. I
   even heard folks call the MoU the move that will spark the online
   equivalent of the Boston Tea Party. (Led, presumably, by firms like
   Time Warner? Since that media giant also owns CNN, you can be sure the
   revolution will indeed be televised.)

@_date: 1997-07-15 23:50:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: If you build it, they will con, from the Netly News 
The Netly News (                                           July 15, 1997 If You Build It, They Will Con
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Perhaps the thinking behind DefCon went something like this: Lure
   hundreds of hackers to Las Vegas in the middle of the summer, ply them
   with cheap beer, talk about packet sniffing, and observe. Last year
   the result was self-organizing chaos, capped by an event where the
   hired strippers were upstaged by a band of exhibitionist
   conferencegoers. "The pimp was like, 'Oh my God,'" says Dark Tangent,
   DefCon's organizer.
        Last weekend's fifth annual DefCon may have been a little less
   raucous, but it was no less important as a place where hackers from
   around the world gather to socialize, gamble -- and glance around
   furtively trying to spot the government agents who infiltrate the
   convention. (Bonus: If you guess correctly, you can take a prized "I
   Spotted the Fed" T-shirt home with you.)

@_date: 1997-07-16 00:08:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Australia's restricted Walsh crypto-report attracts interest 
The report's at:
  Also, I understand from participants in the Canberra meeting that U.S. performance there was lackluster at best. Censored report on the Web By STEVE CREEDY    July 15: The encryption report the Federal Government did not want
   Australians to read is already attracting overseas interest after just
   one week on the Web.
   A censored version of the Walsh Report on cryptography was obtained
   under the Freedom of Information Act and has been posted online by
   Electronic Frontiers Australia.
   The report, originally slated to be published earlier this year, had
   been withheld by federal Attorney-General Daryl Williams.
   EFA officials, worried the Government would formulate an encryption
   policy without debate, posted the report.
   The move came as international experts met in Canberra last week for
   closed-door discussions on cryptography.
   The report advises against major legislation to safeguard security and
   law enforcement interests.
   It proposes "minor legislative and other actions", including updating
   existing telecommunications and search laws, as well as a more
   co-ordinated approach by government to cryptography.
   It does not support US proposals for tackling the issues, including
   law to require decoding keys be stored with the Government.
   EFA cryptography committee chairman Greg Taylor said overseas interest
   was particularly strong from the US where there has been a
   long-standing debate on how to balance privacy, police and security
   issues when legislating on encrypted communications.
   Concern in Australia focused on whether the Government would present a
   cryptography policy without debate.
   "We're trying to make sure there is debate about all the issues and
   submissions from interested parties – commercial, government and
   private interests," he said.
   But a spokesman for the Attorney-General said on Sunday the Government
   was formulating a policy and that there was scope for public input.
   "There will be, as a matter of course, some sort of announcement," he
   said. "That allows people to have input."
   The move to post the report was welcomed by its author, former ASIO
   deputy director-general Gerard Walsh, who said his work was for debate
   and he did not know why it had been withheld by the Attorney-General,
   who had cited "security issues".
   The spokesman said the document "was not suitable for discussion for
   the development of policy in the encryption area and, therefore, was
   not suitable for public release".
   However, Mr Walsh said he wrote two versions, one for public
   consumption and one that was "mildly classified".
   "Because there was going to be a public version, I did speak with
   interested parties and invited them to have a look and comment on the
   report in draft form," he said.
   "As I left it and as I understood it, all were content with it going
   public but someone must have had a change of heart."
   The version posted by EFA is the one intended for public discussion
   with an estimated 20 to 25 paragraphs deleted.
   Mr Taylor said it was posted with government permission.
   "The Attorney-General's [department] said they couldn't do much about
   it anyway," he said.
   The censored paragraphs fell under sections of the FOI Act relating to
   internal working documents, law enforcement issues and issues of
   national security.
   He did not know what was contained in the deleted paragraphs.
   Mr Taylor said Mr Walsh found the situation "quite laughable". The
   Walsh report was probably one of the first balanced reviews of the
   cryptography issue.
   "All existing reports are either prepared by government and come down
   heavily on one side, or they're prepared by groups that basically look
   at privacy," he said.
   "This one looks at all issues and as result of analysing them appears
   to state the whole concept of key escrow is doomed to failure."
   Mr Walsh concluded government should not commit to a particular
   solution because the problem itself "will continue to change".
   US attempts to regulate encryption – including the clipper chip,
   key escrow and key management – were "public relations and
   practical disasters".
   Blanket bans that limited access to services and equipment to achieve
   access for law enforcement agencies were not in the national interest.
   "I agree there is a law enforcement required access, but the way in
   which you achieved it was not to belt the little hazelnut with an
   almighty steam press that diminished everyone's freedom," he said.
   "Rather, the direction in which I wanted to push things was to say:
   'It would be better to slightly stiffen, strengthen and make more
   relevant those somewhat anachronistic investigative powers that
   already exist'."

@_date: 1997-07-16 06:42:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House swaps stand and decides to invite ACLU after all 
[Two hours after the ACLU issued this press release and journalists
started to call, the White House reversed its stand. Now it says the ACLU
is permitted to come to the meeting tomorrow after all. --Declan]
                           White House Excludes ACLU and Others                         From Summit Meeting on Internet Censorship
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, July 15, 1997
Contact: Emily Whitfield, (212) 549-2566
WASHINGTON -- Contrary to earlier Administration statements, the White House
has failed to invite the American Civil Liberties Union and other leading
civil liberties organizations to its high-level conference on Internet
"With this last-minute shift, the Administration has set an unfortunate
beginning to this important process," said Donald Haines, ACLU Legislative
Counsel for the Washington National Office.
"Just as the ACLU continues to work with members of Congress as they shape
national policy regarding the Internet," Haines said, "we were most
interested in working with President Clinton and Vice President Gore on
finding strategies to empower parents to help their children use the Internet
wisely." The conference, set to take place on Wednesday, July 17, includes
representatives from Internet giants Microsoft, America Online and Prodigy
and executives from filtering software companies, as well as the Internet
censorship group Enough is Enough.  The American Library Association, a
defender of online free speech, was invited, but the Electronic Privacy
Information Center, a Washington, D.C.-based cyber-liberties group, was
excluded along with the ACLU. "The Administration's failure to open this process to all interested parties
is short-sighted and could ultimately lead to another expensive legal
battle," Haines added.
Tomorrow's meeting on Internet censorship comes in the wake of a landmark
Supreme Court decision late last month striking down censorship provisions of
the Communications Decency Act as unconstitutional.  The ACLU filed a lawsuit challenging the CDA on behalf of  20 organizations
and individuals, the day after President Clinton signed the law.   Several
weeks later, a second group of plaintiffs filed another challenge, American
Library Association v. Department of Justice.  The two challenges were
consolidated into ACLU v. Reno by a federal district curt in Philadelphia,
which ultimately ruled that the law was unconstitutional.  The government
appealed that ruling and the case moved up to the Supreme Court.  Writing for a nearly unanimous Court in Reno v. American Civil Liberties
Union, Justice John Paul Stevens said that "the interest in encouraging
freedom of expression in a democratic society outweighs any theoretical but
unproven benefit of censorship."
Commenting on the law's purported aim to protect minors from so-called
indecency, Justice Stevens noted that "Under the CDA, a parent allowing her
17-year-old to use the family computer to obtain information on the Internet
that she, in her parental judgment, deems appropriate, could face a lengthy
prison term."
"The Court's decision was clearly written to protect individual online
users," said the ACLU's Haines.  "They, not industry giants, are the people
the ACLU represents, and they are the people who are being denied a voice in
this meeting."

@_date: 1997-07-16 13:22:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House swaps stand and decides to invite ACLU after all 
Some obvious problems with this bit:
I know people who received their invites late this afternoon, so it's not
obvious that the ACLU wasn't invited, just that they got their invitation
later than everyone else.
As a hard working member of the net civil liberties community I find it
inappropriate that the ACLU assumes that even though other civil liberties
folks will be there, including myself, that we don't represent Internet
users.  I don't think any of us has the right to say who solely represents
the Internet community.  To say that even though VTW and CDT and ALA and
others will be there, that the net community is still not represented is
pretty out of line.
And though I'm not defending the fact the White House's actions, I wonder
if it occurs to anyone that the reason they were left until last is because
when the White House started moving away (in the Magaziner paper) from the
CDA the week before the SC decision, the ACLU dissed them in the press.
Perhaps the reaction to that shouldn't have been to trash them in the
press, but to say encouraging things while saying "Actions will speak
louder than anything".  It's not as if the White House can't modify their
position on this issue, they've moved around on others before.  Shouldn't
we make that work for us for once?
To diss them, regardless of what they do, violates the "carrot and stick"
principle of politics.  If they say stuff we agree with, like "no
legislation please" and then we diss them, why will they bother to stick up
for the net anymore?

@_date: 1997-07-16 13:57:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Big Sellout 
So CDT, a few questions:
1)  "The Center for Democracy and Technology, meanwhile, is
supposed to debut a Web page that would give parents information on
how and where to get free smut-screening software, Berman said."
Did ya really?  Smut-screening software?
2)  Do you feel that mandatory voluntary net ratings are an improvement over the CDA?  If so, why?
3)  Does the statement by the National PTA, a censorious group if
ever there was one, that they favor "voluntary" action give you any
pause?  That is, if your two organizations are on the same side
here, do you ever wonder if these actions are achieving your goals
or theirs?

@_date: 1997-07-16 14:58:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Big Sellout 
I spoke to Netscape earlier today. The company previously had announced it
would support PICS in a future version of Navigator. Now it's pledging to
support PICS in the *next* version.

@_date: 1997-07-16 23:00:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Censorware Summit: A Preview, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
July 16, 1997                        The Censorware Summit
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        SurfWatch's Jay Friedland still blushes when asked why his
   program once blocked part of the White House web site. Named
   "couples," the offending page triggered the hypersensitive software's
   dirty-word filter -- and amply illustrated the problems accompanying
   so-called "smut blocking" technology.
        Today, Friedland and more than a score of industry and nonprofit
   groups are visiting the White House to promote technical means of
   stopping Junior from visiting playboy.com. President Clinton is
   expected to endorse such measures over attempts to revive broad
   criminal laws like the ill-fated Communications Decency Act, which he
   supported. But this new approach suffers from all sorts of problems.
        For one, how do you winnow out material that's inappropriate for
   kids while avoiding embarassing missteps like the "couples" debacle?
   Certainly Friedland's firm can't hope to review the millions of web
   pages already online. Already spooked by a promised CDA II, the
   industry has offered an answer. High tech firms, taking a hint from
   the broadcasters, are seriously backing Internet rating systems for
   the first time.
        For instance, Netscape today will promise to join Microsoft and
   include the PICS ratings framework in the next version of its browser.
   Search engines such as Yahoo and Excite will announce they're
   supporting PICS to refine and limit searches, sources say. IBM will
   unveil a $100,000 grant to RSACi, a PICS-based rating standard
   originally designed for video games but adapted for the Web. The
   industry giant will also pledge to incorporate RSACi into future
   products.
        RSACi, which has been plagued by a number of serious flaws, works
   like this: You connect to its site and fill out a form self-rating
   your site for nudity, sex, violence and foul language. Then you take
   that tag, which might read something like "(n 0 s 0 v 0 l 0)" -- if
   your site is innocuous -- and slap it on your web page.
        But RSACi wasn't designed to classify news web sites. It's a
   video game rating system, and its coarse, clumsy categories -- from
   "creatures injured" to "wanton and gratuitous violence" -- are better
   suited to shrink-wrapped boxes of Doom than to the archives of
   msnbc.com. To comply with the system, MSNBC editors would need to
   review and rate each story -- which is why the site stopped using
   RSACi, The Netly News reported in March.          Stephen Balkam, the head of RSACi, now says he has a solution. He
   calls it RSACnews and says that legitimate news sites can use it to
   rate just their home pages without having to review each article. Now,
   what's a legitimate news site? The Netly News might qualify, but what
   about the NAMBLA News Journal? "People who generate firsthand reports
   that have been in some ways verified or structured in a way that gives
   clear and objective information as possible about events," Balkam
   says. "We will be working with the news industry to help us develop a
   criteria." (This, presumably, means groups that have signed on as
   supporters, including MSNBC, the Wall Street Journal, the Well, CNET    and Ziff-Davis. I'm told that the White House wants to qualify as a    "news site" -- even though the information there is rarely clear and
   certainly not objective.)
        Not surprisingly, civil libertarians are screaming bloody murder.
   They do have a point. After all, netizens are fresh from a stunning
   Supreme Court victory that firmly established that the Net should
   enjoy the same First Amendment protections as print publications.       Since magazines aren't forced to sport warning labels, why should the
   White House pressure online publications to do the same? And, more
   importantly, why should the industry give in instead of standing on     principle and resisting all attempts by the federal government to      muzzle online speech?         "Some businesses who make their money from people on the Net     appear far too eager to ignore the massive First Amendment protection
   the CDA decision gave cyberspeech -- and even more eager to adopt and
   impose on all of us the potential sinews of censorship: PICS and
   RSACi," says Don Haines, legislative counsel at the ACLU. (This        critical attitude may have been what spurred the White House to          disinvite the ACLU from today's summit, then hurriedly re-invite them
   after the ACLU put out a press release.)
        Of course, today's White House summit plays against the backdrop
   of a threat from a CDA II. Some members of Congress, such as Sen. Dan
   Coats (R-Ind.) have pledged to try again with more legislation. Yet
   others seem more willing to compromise. "The Supreme Court has shot
   down the option that I worked hard on," says Rep. Bob Goodlatte          (R-Va.), a staunch CDA supporter who will be at today's summit. "They
   said we can't go that route. I'm certainly interested in developing    other options. I want to put the burden on pornographers. One of the
   ways to do that is to have Congress pass legislation that would make
   it difficult for people to misrate their web site."
        Rep. Goodlatte is one of a half-dozen congresspeople who will    attend the noontime meeting, along with oppositional CDA forces such    as the American Library Association and the Electronic Frontier
   Foundation. Together they will witness the unveiling of             netparents.org, a joint effort of the Center for Democracy and
   Technology and the Voters Telecommunications Watch. The site allows
   parents to "find some family-friendly" censorware-enabled service
   providers in their area. A handy tool that we suspect will be used not
   only to find ISPs that provide blocking tools, but to find the ones
   that don't.

@_date: 1997-07-16 23:16:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House "kinder, gentler"-CDA/censor empowerment meeting 
Below we see an excellent example of the naivete inherent in
Net-libertarian and cypherpunk writing. Obviously the writer does not
understand the complexities and challenges of Washington politics. In many
ways, it is like sausage being made: disgusting to watch, but a process
that results in the compromises so vital in a healthy democracy.
Which is why it is inappropriate to criticize the White House's position
on the CDA. If you speak your mind aloud, you run the risk of being
marginalized like the ACLU. How can you serve your constituents then? Obviously, you can't. So I respectfully suggest that Mr. Finkelstein
disabuse himself of radical notions like opposing regulation of the
I can only conclude that because Mr. Finkelstein does not live inside the
Beltway, we cannot expect him to realize that it is always necessary to
remain players in the game -- even if it means giving up fundamental
liberties in the process.

@_date: 1997-07-16 23:38:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SPA statement and RSAC release 
Statement by Ken Wasch, President, Software Publishers Association
PR News Wire via Dow Jones
               White House Forum:  Children on the Internet    WASHINGTON, July 16 /PRNewswire/ -- The following is a statement by Ken Wasch,
President of the Software Publishers Association:    "The software industry recognizes -- and understands -- the legitimate
concerns of parents, educators, the President and Vice President, legislators
and other citizens about the content and suitability of many Internet sites for
our children.  We believe parents should have the opportunity, and readily
available tools, to monitor -- and block -- objectionable online content.
  "Today's White House Forum is an important step in highlighting this issue by
bringing together a diverse group of concerned organizations and individuals to
focus on what must be done.  SPA appreciates the invitation of the President and
the Vice President to represent the software industry at this forum.  However,
after we leave the White House, the responsibility of marrying freedom of speech
with these legitimate concerns falls on the shoulders of the software industry. The software industry develops the tools and products that, in turn, can put a
brown wrapper around objectionable material on the Internet.  Others may talk;
the software industry must act.   "Understanding its responsibility, the software industry several years ago
helped establish a process of self-regulation and content ratings through the
Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC).  Today, RSAC, through its
Internet ratings system -- RSACi -- has assigned objective content labels to
more than 35,000 online sites in just 12 months.  RSACi is now the world's
leading Internet content ratings system, empowering parents everywhere to block
online content they believe offensive.  It is important to keep in mind that
'Truth in Packaging' has nothing to do with suppression of content. RSACi is a
labeling system, not a system of censorship.   "At today's White House Forum, the success of RSACi as an effective, no-cost
tool for concerned parents was highlighted.  It is no coincidence that two of
this nation's largest corporations have committed to using the RSACi ratings
system in their online efforts.  SPA and the software industry congratulate
Disney -- with its strong family emphasis -- and IBM on their decisions to work
with RSAC.  We know others will join them.  Then RSACi will become the universal
ratings standard, allowing everyone everywhere to benefit from the exciting
world of the Internet, without the inhibition of state-imposed regulation or
censorship."    SPA is the leading trade association of the software industry, representing
1,200 leading publishers as well as start-up firms developing software
applications and tools for use on the desktop, the Internet, and client-server
networks.  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
RECREATIONAL SOFTWARE ADVISORY COUNCIL
WELCOMES IBM AS CORPORATE SPONSOR
IBM Supports RSAC Initiative to Provide Self-Regulation of Internet Content
Washington, D.C. -- July 16, 1997 � The Recreational Software Advisory Council
(RSAC) today announced that IBM has become a corporate sponsor of RSAC � the
non-profit organization committed to providing Internet users with detail
regarding web site content.  IBM is contributing $100,000 to RSAC, the
non-profit developer of RSACi, the voluntary, non-judgmental content labeling
software system that allows consumers and Webmasters to create customized
filters of online content.
"The astounding popularity and growth of the Internet has brought about its
greatest challenge -- controlling the flow of content that some feel is
inappropriate for children, students, or corporate staff.  RSAC's goal has never
been to restrict the act of free speech, but rather to allow free speech while
simultaneously empowering consumers to control the content to which they're
exposed," commented Stephen Balkam, executive director of RSAC.  "We're very
pleased to be working with IBM to continue our effort to make the Internet fun
and safe for everyone."
"Effective technology complements the efforts of parents and teachers in
monitoring children's' use of the Internet," said John Patrick, IBM's Vice
President, Internet technology.   "IBM is committed to providing parents and
educators with the tools to help children leverage the Internet appropriately. We are proud to be working with RSAC in creating an Internet environment that is
consistent with the interests of parents, teachers and children."
RSACi, or RSAC on the Internet, is the objective content-labeling advisory
system that is fully compliant with the World Wide Web consortium's industry
standard for web content rating, the Platform for Internet Content Selection
(PICS).  RSACi is a fully-automated system that relies on Webmasters to complete
a detailed questionnaire regarding the level, nature and intensity of the sex,
nudity, violence or offensive language (vulgar or hate-motivated) found within
their web site.  The responses given then generate rating tags that -- when
posted on the web site -- are read by not only popular browsers (such as
Microsoft's Internet Explorer), but by blocking system software (such as
MicroSystem's Cyber Patrol), allowing consumers to anticipate Internet content
and block any materials they deem inappropriate, or offensive.
To date, the RSACi content advisory system has been used to rate more than
35,000 web sites -- and it is anticipated that this number will grow to more
than 120,000 in the coming year.  "It's our opinion that the IBM sponsorship --
together with the recent formation of the International Ratings Working Group at
the Bonn Ministerial Conference -- will lead to a four-fold increase in rated
sites over the next calendar year," commented Stephen Balkam.
IBM has been a leader in developing and supporting standard content filtering
programs and technologies for years.  In addition to sponsoring RSAC, IBM
contributed to the development of PICS within the W3C earlier this year.  IBM
also ships NetVista, an Internet server designed for educational institutions
that helps teachers integrate the Web directly into the classroom while
filtering inappropriate content.
IBM, the world's largest software provider, creates, develops and manufactures
the industry's most advanced information technologies, including computer
systems, software, networking systems, storage devices and microelectronics. IBM offers complete information about the company, its products, services and
technology on the World Wide Web at   For more information
about IBM Software to go to the IBM Software home page at
The Recreational Software Advisory Council is an independent, non-profit
organization based in Washington, D.C, that empowers the public, especially
parents, to make informed decisions about electronic media by means of an open,
objective, content advisory system.  The RSACi system provides consumers with
information about the level of sex, nudity, violence, offensive language (vulgar
or hate-motivated) in software games and Web sites.  To date, RSACi has been
integrated into Microsoft's browser, Internet Explorer, and MicroSystem's Cyber
Patrol Software.  CompuServe (US and Europe) has also committed to rate all
its content with the RSACi system.
More information on RSAC and the RSACi rating system is available at
#   #   #

@_date: 1997-07-17 03:07:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Censorware Summit: A Preview, from The Netly News 
As for Lucky's point  -- Yes, I've read drafts of bills that would make
it a Federal crime to misrate. --Declan

@_date: 1997-07-17 05:17:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware empowerment meeting (was satire) 
Since I seem to have been misunderstood on at least two lists now, let me
forward this. --Declan
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    jseiger at cdt.org, jberman at cdt.org, fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu
Lizard has it right. My post was meant to be satire.
I should have been more clear. In fact, a good friend of mine sent me this
message: Apologies to all.
In the future I will label all satiric posts as -L18, meaning those who
are under 18 will probably not get the joke. By labeling my posts in this
manner, I can ensure that they will be indexed up by search engines that
will in the future only index properly-labeled pages. I can also ensure
that users of Internet Explorer will remain able to read my scribbings,
since the next version of IE is going to ship with RSACi turned on as a
default. I will thus do my part to ensure a childsafe cyberspace, free from
inappropriate material and bad jokes of all kinds.

@_date: 1997-07-17 05:24:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
July 16, 1997
At The Censorware Summit
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     If you host a web page or publish online, be
warned: soon your site might become invisible. Search
engines won't index it and web browsers won't show it.
Unless, that is, you agree to attach special labels to
your web pages identifying how violent, sexually
explicit, or inappropriate for kids your site is.
     This was the thrust of today's White House
censorware summit, where President Clinton sat down
with high tech firms and non-profit groups in a
private meeting to talk about pressuring the Net
community to make cyberspace childsafe through labels.
"We need to encourage every Internet site, whether or
not it has material harmful to minors, to rate its
contents," Clinton said after the meeting. Vice
President Gore was there, too, giving a quick
demonstration of how labeling works.
     Spooked by the threat of a revised Communications
Decency Act, high tech firms are seriously backing
labels for the first time. Joining Clinton in coercing
Internet users and businesses to label all their web
pages were Yahoo, Excite, and Lycos. "I threw a
gauntlet to other search engines in today's meeting
saying that collectively we should require a rating
before we index pages," Robert Davis, the president of
Lycos, told me. Translation: if you don't play ball,
and label your site, search engines will ignore you.
     As will future users of Microsoft's Internet
Explorer browser. The next version of IE will default
to displaying only properly labeled web pages,
according to Ken Wasch, the president of the Software
Publishers Association. Since many users won't turn
off that feature to reach unrated sites, many large
web sites now are facing hefty pressure to self-label.
     Other high tech firms rushed to join the
presidential limelight. Netscape promised to join
Microsoft and include label-reading software in the
next version of its browser. America Online's Steve
Case thanked Clinton for "backing industry's efforts
to make cyberspace a safer place." IBM announced a
$100,000 grant to RSACi, a PICS-based rating standard
originally designed for video games but adapted for
the Web. The industry giant also pledges to
incorporate RSACi into future products.

@_date: 1997-07-17 06:04:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rep. Rick White on White House censorware summit (fwd) 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE        CONTACT: Connie Correll
July 16, 1997               (202) 225-1201 (O)/ (202) 237-2136 (H)
WHITE ATTENDS WHITE HOUSE CONFERENCE
QUESTIONS GOVERNMENT SOLUTION
(Washington, D.C.)  --  Congressman Rick White (R-First District) today
made clear his desire to protect kids who use the Internet but expressed
concern that the federal government can solve the problem.  White's
remarks were made during his participation in a closed meeting at the
White House that focused on making the Internet family friendly.
"I have four children who love to use the Net and there is no question
we need to protect our kids from harmful material on the Internet.
Today's meeting was a step in the right direction," said White.  "But as
we evaluate the next step we need to make sure we don't lure ourselves
into a false sense of security.  No matter what we do in the United
States it won't affect sites developed in Amsterdam or Bangkok.  That's
why I'm skeptical that the federal government can solve this problem.
The real solution will come from the smart people in the private
White today praised representatives of the software community, the
Administration as well as family and civil liberty groups for their
efforts to develop a comprehensive solution for a family friendly
Internet.  He encouraged the development of filtering software but
expressed concern that a government based solution would be too
restrictive and regulatory. White has long been a leader in keeping the Internet free from federal
regulation.  As a member of the select committee that developed the
final telecommunications reform bill last year, White offered a
compromise proposal to the CDA that would protect kids. The compromise
included a proposal, defeated by one vote, to replace the "indecency"
standard with the "harmful to minors" standard. Other provisions of
White's compromise became part of the final bill. Those provisions
included: 1) developing strong, effective laws that target wrongdoers;
2) using parental empowerment software to screen material; and 3)
providing incentives for industry to develop new screening technologies.
In March of 1996 White formed the Congressional Internet Caucus (IC) to
help educate Members of Congress about the Internet. White believes
through the work of the Internet Caucus and with the help of the
Internet community, Capitol Hill has gained a better understanding of
the Internet.

@_date: 1997-07-17 06:21:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Real Plan: Making the Net Safe for Censorship 
Here is an example of a proposal being presented
at the White House today.
The minds boggles at the number of unconstitutional
provisions contained in such a brief text.
Never has a freedom won in a Supreme Court decision
been given up so quickly.
Marc Rotenberg
The Online Cooperative Publishing Act
                                     (SafeSurf's Proposal for a Safe
Internet Without Censorship)
       Any law that seeks to regulate the Internet must first recognize the
uniqueness of the medium.  The Internet is not the print media or the
       broadcast industry.  It is also not another form of phone
conversation or a 900 number calling system.  Instead, the Internet is the
       manifestation of humankind's quest for limitless two-way interaction
with thought.  The hyper-text layout allows us to change topics on
       a whim, travel to distance places, or gather world opinion on a
subject in a matter of minutes.        This distinctive nature of the Internet must be protected and even
promoted by any legislation that claims to be fair to this medium.  The
       interaction between the one receiving data and the one publishing it
are where the core of the law should focus.  Both sides have rights,
       the publisher has the First Amendment and the receiver has the right
to be secure from harm in his home.  Proper Internet law should
       encourage a cooperative transfer of ideas in the form of data.  (It
should be noted that it was the universal acceptance of basic rules of
       cooperation, rather than anarchy, that built the Internet. )
       Any law that attempts to give one side or the other is given an
unreasonable burden in conducting the transfer of data is doomed to
       failure.  The CDA was too burdensome on the publisher.  Its goal was
to stop the flow of data, rather than to regulate it for the benefit
       of all parties.        On the other hand, without a proper law, parents can purchase and
activate measures to protect their children from adult material and still
       not feel secure in their homes from unwanted material.  This is
because negligent publishing of data eventually allows material that can
       harm the child to enter the home.  Once this material is experienced
by the child, its damage is done.  There is no "oops" factor, no way
       to undo the unwanted intrusion into a child's innocence.        Most importantly, any Internet law must not censor thought.  It may
regulate the labeling on the packaging but never the content.        With the goal of achieving a greater spirit of cooperation between
the publisher and the receiver of online data, we propose the Online
       Cooperative Publishing Act.        It shall contain the following provisions:
       1.      The right to be able to identify the adult rating of online
content before it enters one's home shall be established.  This shall be a
       civil right giving the violated person or family the presumption in
a suit against negligent publishers.
       2.      Negligent publishing of data shall be defined as placing
adult oriented material on the Internet in such a way or in such a location
       that it prevents its rating from being known.
       3.      A rating shall be defined as a PICS compatible label that
identifies degrees of adult content in a way that can be understood by
       computer filtering systems and is issued by a ratings service that
has a minimum of 5,000 documented individuals using its system to
       mark their data.
       4.      A publisher is defined as anyone who places computer data
where it can be accessed by the general public without the use of a
       credit card or other secure verified ID or password given out only
to adults.  Content that can be only be accessed by the use credit cards
       or other secure verified IDs is not subject to this law.
       5.      The code used to surround content published on the Internet
shall be defined as packaging.  All government identification
       requirements shall be limited to the code of the packaging.  Nothing
in this law shall be construed to require any altering or censorship
       of the content.
       6.      Three types of online publishing shall be defined:
             a) Publishers who accurately identify their data with a
recognized labeling system.              These publishers shall be considered to have satisfied the
labeling requirement of the law.  The right to publish shall be
             completely protected for those who accurately label their
material.  They shall be protected from all civil suits that argue
             negligent posting of data.  Only grossly mislabeled material
can be prosecuted.  (Note: This is not a protection for
             obscene material.  This law will offer no protection for
obscene material.)
             b) Publishers who mislabel their data to the degree that it
enables a minor using a label filtering
             system to gain access to harmful material.
             Data shall be considered to be mislabeled if it is posted in a
newsgroup, directory or other joint area that has been labeled
             as free from material harmful to minors.  Tampering with
another's label shall be crime.
             These publishers may be criminally prosecuted for subverting a
rating system to entice children to harmful material.  The
             mislabeling must be to the extent that it is completely
unreasonable to accept it as accurate.  Only ratings that are too
             lenient can be prosecuted.
             Posting unlabeled adult material to an area that has declared
itself safe for children or tampering with another's label shall
             be a severe criminal assault on the rights of the receiver.
             Sending unsolicited email to a minor that contains
pornographic material or an invitation to a pornographic Web Site, shall
             be considered negligent enticement and may be criminally
prosecuted.  A bulk email service sending pornographic email
             must show that it took reasonable measures to insure that
every recipient was an adult.  (Example: The addresses used
             were from the membership list of Adult Check or other such
adult verification services.)
             c) Publishers who do not label their data at all.
             Negligence in the absence of damages shall not be a criminal
offense (but it may be a civil violation of the rights of the
             receivers of that data) unless the data is deemed to be
harmful to minors.  Then the publisher will be prosecuted for
             negligence.
             These publishers may be sued in civil court by any parent who
feels their children were harmed by the data negligently
             presented.  The parents shall be given presumption in all
cases and do not have to prove the data actually produced harm
             to their child only that the material reasonably could be
considered to have needed a label warning to protect children.
         7.      Internet Service Providers are considered publishers of
only that material of which they directly control or gain revenue via a
         percentage of sales.  Web Site designers may be held liable if
they fail to attach ratings to Web sites, containing material harmful to
            minors, they design for a fee. They may, by written agreement,
assign the task of rating to another legally responsible party.
       8.      Not every document is required to be labeled, only the
default or index document of each directory.  In the case of an entire web
          domain being of one rating, only its default top level document
needs to be labeled with instructions to apply it to the entire site.

@_date: 1997-07-17 07:16:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Time Online chat at 8 pm: Does the Net need a Nanny? 
I'll be participating in a Time Online chat this
evening at 8 pm EST. Our guests will be Chris
Hansen from the ACLU and Bruce Taylor, a longtime CDA
supporter and head of the National Law Center for
Children and Families.
We'll be talking about the White House censorware
summit, self-rating of news sites, and free speech
online in general.
Join us at:
  You can participate in the chat as long as
your browser supports frames, but the Ichat client
software is more stable:

@_date: 1997-07-17 07:17:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Time Online chat at 8 pm: Does the Net need a Nanny? 
We're having a Time Online chat this evening at 8 pm
EST to discuss Net-censorship. I'll be joining
Chris Hansen from the ACLU and Bruce Taylor, a
longtime CDA supporter and head of the National Law
Center for Children and Families.
We'll be talking about the White House censorware
summit, self-rating of web sites, and free speech
online in general.
Join us at:
  You can participate in the chat as long as your
browser supports frames, but the Ichat client software
is more stable:

@_date: 1997-07-17 07:51:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HeavensGate Mirror incomplete/censored 
We decided to ditch the Pathfinder mirror site after a few weeks.
The difference in the heavensgate.com and pathfinder.com sites was due, I
remember, to the fact that we grabbed our copy from the heavensgatetoo.com
site, which wasn't quite identical.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-17 07:54:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Censorware Summit: A Preview, from The Netly News 
Of course it's not what the news media have been saying, at least vocally.
They often get suckered in by slick press releases and prepackaged pap. I
sometimes wonder if my sitting next to a reporter during an event and
telling him/her what's really going on ever changes what they write about
or how they say it. I suspect it does.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-17 09:56:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Justice is Done 
Wednesday July 16 4:10 PM EDT
TV's 'Barney' Chokes in Filming Accident
DALLAS (Reuter) - An actor playing "Barney," the purple dinosaur loved by
millions of children, suffered smoke inhalation when
a cooling fan inside the 60-pound suit shorted out during filming of the TV
show, officials said Wednesday.
There was no fire but the actor inhaled smoke as he tried to get out of the
suit at a Dallas studio Tuesday, said Susan Elsner, a
spokeswoman for Lyrick Studios and The Lyons Group, which created and
produces the hugely popular children's show "Barney
& Friends."
She said the actor, who was not named, inhaled a "slight amount of smoke"
but was released after a routine examination.
Once the incident was reported on television, scores of anxious parents
called to say their children were worried their favorite
dinosaur had been burned or, worse still, was a fake.
"It can be really devastating to a 3-year-old," Elsner said. "They love
Barney and they think that something terrible has happened to
him, or that it's not real."
"Barney & Friends" airs on the U.S. Public Broadcasting System and is a
top-ranking program for children under age 6. It appears
in 30 countries across six continents.
Elsner said Tuesday's incident came as the cast was filming shows for the
fall season.

@_date: 1997-07-17 10:41:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DefCon revisited -- other reports on the conference 
My report on DefCon is at:
  Attached are some followup notes from conference attendees.
God _DAMN_ that was fun!!!  >;->
(Despite the fact that I lost a shoe running away from a security guard, and
had to pitch the other one and my Rastafarian wig to satisfy my paranoia
about getting caught, it was well worth it...  besides, the barbed-wire
gouges are healing nicely, and I'll be getting a tetanus shot tomorrow...)
Let's see - my picks for Best of 'Con:
Mudge, because he's damned good (even if he _does_ work with NT)
Bruce Schneier, because he's - Bruce Schneier...
Val, for the dress (I still think the boots were masochistic, tho)
and Winn Schwartau for being such a good sport at Hacker Jeopardy, even if
he _did_ sound eerily like Alex Trebek.
Next year (if they have a Def Con next year) I'm coming back with a power
drill, Security Hex drivers, and a set of black pajamas - one of those
security cameras _will_ be mine...
_Are_ they going to have a Def Con next year?  Please say yes - Def Con 6 is
something to look forward to through a bleak and cold Alaskan winter...
Wow, the list sure is quiet.  I imagine this is because everyone is
recovering from last weekend!  And probably reading their overflowing
mailboxes.  Or at least repeatedly pressing 'd'.
So how did it go??  Us lamers who couldn't make it want to know.  Speaking
of which, did anyone get a video tape together?  I'll buy it!
What did Mudge talk about?  Did he expose any gaping holes?  He tends to
do that sometimes.  What about *Hobbit*?  Did he give any new information,
or was it mostly a rehash of his (excellent) CIFS paper?
And how was the bitch?  Did anyone go to her "discussion"?  Did it go as
"well" as her IRC chats (before she was canceled)?.
I can't speak for the rest of the list, but I'm still walking around in a
dazed state, and hearing the ching-ching of thousands of slot machines in
my head. Apparently, it's going to take me a bit longer than anticipated
to recover.
Mudge and Hobbit ended up combining their talks, and they were both
excellent, and quite informative. They spoke on various NT issues,
including CIFS and SMB and Microsoft's rehashing of bad password schemes
among other things. Unfortunately, I was still half asleep at the time. I
hope someone got audio of this - I'd really like a copy.
The Happy Hacker Panel was a blast. Disorder did a great job of fielding
questions, as did Matt. Jon and Bronc were a lot more quiet, but they
answered some questions as well. Carolyn did a great job of making
a fool of herself. We did learn a few things, though:
1. Carolyn hacks her toaster.
2. Carolyn thinks sending http commands to the ssh port is a good idea.
3. Carolyn doesn't mind asking stupid questions. (This one was a real
4. Dis and 303 went to a lot of trouble to get Carolyn a copy of "Secrets
of a Super Hacker", which they so kindly had everyone autograph. Alas, she
already owned a copy.
5. One of Carolyn's favorite hacking methods is calling people and asking
them for their root password.
The only thing I've seen so far, other than what you posted from
NetlyNews, was a horrible AP piece, also posted here.
Other than the lack of a working T1, I thought most things went well. It's
a shame se7en's speech was scheduled at the same time as the happy hacker
panel, though. I would have liked to hear what he had to say.
Uhm.. has anyone else heard rumor of the hotel's satellite dishes being
piled up on the 26th floor?
26th floor? well i do know there the coax ended up (flea).
yeah i saw someone running down the hall with a dish and thought 'oh we
are going to have a satellite phone for demo' then i was told to "move,
you didn't see anything" uhhh ok.....
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-17 10:42:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft will NOT ship browser with RSACi on by default 
Microsoft called me a few hours ago and told me that -- despite reports to
the contrary -- the company definitely will *not* ship the next version of
Internet Explorer configured to block unlabeled sites out of the box. "The product is going to ship with Content Advisor off by default," said
Mark Murray (mmurray at microsoft.com). My article at  today had said:
  The next version of IE will default to displaying only properly
  labeled web pages, according to Ken Wasch, the president of the
  Software Publishers Association.
This comes after previous reports that RSACi might be default-on:
    Kudos to Microsoft for doing the right thing.

@_date: 1997-07-17 12:44:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Censorware Summit: A Preview, from The Netly News 
When protecting children, logic seems to be thrown out the window.
"Junior can find porn!"

@_date: 1997-07-17 12:48:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft will NOT ship browser with RSACi on by default 
Wait -- so you're saying they *didn't* do the right thing with RSACi?
BTW, we should differentiate generally between state action and private
action. Getting fucked by Microsoft != getting fucked by the government.
This is Libertarianism 101. Of course, I admit today the distinction was

@_date: 1997-07-18 07:21:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Center for Security Policy calls for domestic key escrow (fwd) 
In the boxing ring of Washington, the Center for
Security Policy packs a hefty punch. Its faxed alerts
appear once or twice a week on the desks of thousands of
key decisionmakers. They're predictably hawkish, with
titles like "The Nation Needs MORE B-2s."
A recent one focused on encryption. The message: The
Clinton administration isn't doing *enough* to control
crypto, especially domestically:
Read on for the full text of the alert and a
well-reasoned response by ATR's Jim Lucier.
Additional articles on crypto:
    No. 97-D 88
DECISION BRIEF
25 June 1997
For Immediate Release
(202) 466-0515
Breaking the Code on the Encryption Debate: National
Security Interests Are Being Jeopardized
(Washington, D.C.): With relatively little fanfare, a
truly momentous public policy debate is taking place
in Washington. Unfortunately, all other things being
equal, it seems likely that the outcome of this debate
concerning the domestic use, foreign export and
international regulation of encryption techniques will
do grievous harm to the national security interests of
the United States.
'You Can't Tell the Players...'
Such an extraordinary, and ominous, result is in
prospect due to several factors:
By its very nature, encryption -- a generic name for
numerous means of encoding computer, voice or other
transmissions of data so as to conceal the contents
from unauthorized access -- is one of the most complex
and obscure of sciences. Given its direct relevance
for the protection of classified U.S. government
information and for the penetration of foreign
governments and other entities' secure communications,
the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) has jealously
tried to shield from public view as much as possible
about the technology and techniques involved in
encryption and code-breaking.
The necessary secretiveness associated with what NSA
does and how the spread of encryption systems might
affect the American ability to perform signals
intelligence (SIGINT) by intercepting and monitoring
foreign communications enormously complicates this
Robust encryption at home contributes to national
security as well as protecting American industry,
critical information networks and citizens' privacy.
But a national information infrastructure also needs
selective transparency on call to support users' needs
to get at their encrypted data.
U.S. law enforcement agencies in carrying out criminal
investigations also need to be able to access voice
communications, data records and data transmissions
consistent with constitutional protections. The loss
of this investigative technique, which is subject to
strict judicial scrutiny -- would be disastrous for
law enforcement.
Widespread use of unbreakable encryption is exactly
what terrorists, drug lords, pedophiles and their ilk
want to see. But law enforcement needs a controlled
window into this encryption as part of its
responsibility to detect, prevent or prosecute
criminal behavior. Experience with court-ordered
wiretaps suggests that, by requiring judicial approval
of such electronic monitoring, this function critical
to the rule of law and a civil society can be
performed without risk of serious abuse.
Due to advances in information techniques, the
know-how and means for providing sophisticated
encryption capabilities has proliferated dramatically
in recent years. With the burgeoning use of the
Internet and other electronic devices for conducting
business, the demand for means to keep voice
communications, data records and data transfers
private has also grown tremendously.
U.S. manufacturers of computer software and hardware

@_date: 1997-07-18 07:37:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PFF's Jeff Eisenach: "Time to Walk the Walk on Telecom Policy" 
July 2,1997
Time to Walk the Walk on Telecom Policy
by Jeffrey A. Eisenach
The Progress & Freedom Foundation
Thanks to Ira Magaziner -- of all people -- the
Clinton Administration has finally learned to talk the
free market talk that brings joy to denizens of the
Internet. Now, as always with this Administration, the
question is whether it will also walk the walk.
Magaziner deserves real credit for crafting the
Administration's new "Framework for Global Electronic
Commerce." In language that could have come from the
Cato Institute (or my own Progress & Freedom
Foundation), it credits the amazing growth of the
Internet to the relative absence of intrusive
government regulation. And it concludes that the
Internet should remain "a market-driven arena, not one
that operates as a regulated industry."
The paper -- and the process that created it -- has
already had a salutary impact on Administration
policy. The White House has now backed away from its
previous support of the Communications Decency Act in
favor of "industry self-regulation, adoption of
competing rating systems and development of
easy-to-use technical solutions." And last month,
Treasury Undersecretary Larry Summers, reportedly at
Magaziner's urging, had very positive things to say
about the "no new taxes on the Internet" legislation
sponsored by Congressman Chris Cox and Senator Ron
The Administration's conversion to a free market view
of the Internet is, however, far from complete -- even
rhetorically. Most importantly, the Framework's
treatment of telecommunications regulation amounts to
an endorsement of the Federal Communications current
policies -- policies that are, if anything, more
regulatory than before passage of the supposedly
deregulatory Telecommunications Act of 1996.
Following the path laid out by Vice President Gore and
outgoing FCC Chairman Reed Hundt, the Framework
ignores the fact that technological innovation is
rapidly ending the "natural monopoly" characteristics
of the market for local telephone (and Internet)
access. What government should be doing in this
context is allowing marketplace incentives to work,
thereby encouraging new technologies and new
competitors to turn the potential for local access
competition into a reality.
What it is doing, under the FCC and with the apparent
blessing of the Framework, is continuing a price
regulatory regime that destroys marketplace incentives
for the development of new technologies and
competitors. The Framework, which begins by stating
that "government attempts to regulate are likely to be
outmoded by the time they are finally enacted," ends
up endorsing the idea of "implementing, by an
independent regulator, pro-competitive and flexible
regulation that keeps pace with technological
development." Nice fantasy -- but in contrast to the
reality of the FCC's implementation of the
Telecommunications Act, it comes off as nothing but a
bad joke.
Telecommunications is not the only problem area with
respect to policy. Most notable among the others:
Encryption, where the Administration stubbornly
adheres to its unworkable, privacy-invading notion of
"key escrow" for encryption software -- i.e., giving
the police the key to your house in advance in case
they decide later they want to conduct a search.
Still, problems aside, what we have from the Clinton
Administration is a real and laudable move -- partly
rhetorical and partly real -- in the direction of less
regulation of the Internet. For the most part, the
Administration is now talking the deregulatory talk.
Will it also walk the walk?
Here are three giant steps that would go along way to
proving the Administration means what it says.
First, will the Administration appoint a new FCC
(there are four vacancies, including the chairmanship)
that understands the idea of dynamic competition to
erode natural monopolies? The FCC's current "managed
competition" approach is inconsistent with the broader
principles of the Framework and hugely destructive to
the innovation and entrepreneurship the paper
emphasizes so strongly. A new Commission would no
doubt want to re-think the Commission's recent rulings
with respect to Interconnection and Universal Service,
both of which represent massively regulatory
approaches to problems the free market can largely
Secondly, will it specifically endorse the Cox-Wyden
legislation prohibiting discriminatory taxation of the
Internet? Saying nice things about the bill is one
thing; endorsing it and working for passage is
something else.
Third, will the Administration support the new
legislative agenda being developed and soon to be
introduced by Senator Conrad Burns and Congressman
Billy Tauzin (chairs of the Senate and House
telecommunications subcommittees)? Among other things,
this legislation is expected to declare "enhanced
services" (including broadband Internet access
services) an essentially regulation-free zone --
exactly the sort of thing the Framework says the
Administration should support.
Free marketers want to believe the Administration has
seen the light on regulating the Internet. Our message
now is simple: Take three giant steps -- and throw
away on the key on key escrow -- and show us you
really mean it.

@_date: 1997-07-18 09:38:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
Read the complete text of my article. The RSACnews system would include
just that: a system that allows a board of media conglomerates to decide
what's a "news site" or not. In other words, what's "credible."

@_date: 1997-07-18 09:45:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ESPN hacked -- got info? (fwd) 
Declan --
Do you have any information about the ESPN/SportZone web site store being hacked?  Or a contact?  The pro-crypto folks on the Hill are quite interested to know if 1) this site was using encryption before being hacked and 2) what type of encryption they are using now (one of the press stories noted that crypto was one of the security measures implemented after the I realize this was probably an inside job, but it's good fodder for the Hill.  Any insight you might have -- or other examples -- would be great.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1997-07-19 00:37:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Brookings Inst. on crypto: "There are reasonable compromises" 
Morton's Steakhouse is a true Washington institution. Nestled
in the heart of lawyer country, between K and L streets, the
clientele are well-heeled lobbyists hungry for red meat. Which
is all you'll find at Morton's, where the menu lists a fine
selection of slabs, all thick, bloody, expensive.
I had lunch at Morton's yesterday with a colleague, a fellow
from the NSA, and a gentleman from the armed forces. We
talked Net-regulation, censorship, and hacking. Most of all
we talked encryption, and crypto-compromises. This is a theme
you'll see repeated in this recent policy paper from the
liberal Brookings Institution:
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-19 01:47:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC privacy comments from CEI and National Consumer Coalition 
July 14, 1997
Federal Trade Commission
Room H-159
Sixth St. and Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C. 20580
Consumer Privacy 1997
Additional Comments P954807
To the Secretary:
The Competitive Enterprise Institute and the National
Consumer Coalition hereby file additional comments on
the Commission's June 10-13 hearings on "Consumer
Privacy Issues Posed by the Online Marketplace." CEI
is a non-profit, non-partisan free-market research and
advocacy group.   The NCC is a coalition of nine
organizations dedicated to the proposition that
consumers are best served by a free market in goods
and services.   We thank the Commission for including
us in the four Roundtable discussions during the
hearings, and appreciate the opportunity to elaborate
upon some of the issues raised during the course of
the hearings.
What is Privacy? - Part II
In our opening comments, we wrote that when it comes
to collection of consumer data, "privacy is not a
right, it is a preference."   The evidence presented
during the hearings regarding ways to "protect"
privacy, as well as the surveys showing consumer
views, have convinced us that this remains true.
The Harris/Westin survey was an interesting
contribution to the discussion of privacy on the
Internet. We are not convinced, however, that everyone
interviewed understood "privacy" in the same way.
Privacy is an abstraction, like "freedom" or
"justice," so it is likely that the people surveyed
imposed their own concerns upon the term "privacy."
One point on which the survey is clear is that people
who are concerned about their privacy have done
something about it.  In this case, it is more
illuminating to look at what people do than at what
they say.
Nevertheless, some have used this survey to support
their arguments for federal regulation and
congressional privacy legislation.  Neither of these
would be appropriate responses to consumers' hesitance
towards Internet commerce.  It is the job of companies
operating on the Internet to gain consumer confidence,
not the duty of the government. Indeed, the proper
role for the government is to guard against force,
theft, and fraud.
Property Rights on the Internet
Professor Alan Westin said that web users "are worried
that their e-mail communications may be intercepted,
their visits to web sites can be covertly tracked,
their participation in chat rooms and forums can be
monitored without their consent."   One possible
solution was to give individuals a "property right" in
the information they have released onto the Internet.
 From this follows a call for federal protection of
this "property right" via limits on the collection and
sale of personal data.
The argument that people have a "property right" in
their personal data is ironic, as it comes from those
who would have the government infringe upon the
property rights of both ISPs and companies on the Web.
 We believe that this upside-down conception of
"property" will work against consumers' interests in
freedom of contract and association.
Traditionally, private property rights have been
understood to be the means by which we secure our
privacy, as expressed in the old adage, "A man's home
is his castle." Our system of property rights enables
us to enjoy privacy (i.e. from government intrusion).
 In recent years, however, the basis for legal claims
has become the idea of an  inviolate personhood.  A
"legal right" to information about oneself on the
Internet, as some have advocated, is the next step.
about oneself after one has already released it.  This
is a step in the wrong direction.
If an individual has released information about
himself in a contractual agreement with certain limits
on it, then he has a right to see that that
information is treated in a certain way.  For example,
if a company web page says that it will not collect
information, and it does, then that is a broken
contract.  On the other hand, if a company says it
will collect all kinds of information, then
privacy-sensitive individuals have been warned and
should avoid that site.  From the examples discussed
at the hearing, it seems that many companies are still
getting used to the way the Internet works, and they
are only beginning to understand the utility of
publishing privacy policies. For example, the New York
Times discovered during the course of the hearings
that it had no published privacy policies on its web
site, a situation it addressed immediately.
Time-Warner's Pathfinder site recently added prominent
links to its privacy policy as well.
Sometimes information has been released to anybody and
everybody, via chat rooms or other forums.  Since this
information becomes part of the knowledge of others,
our "property right" to control this information is
actually a "right" to control the actions of other
people who now have this information.  This is an
infringement upon our basic freedoms of association,
contract, and speech. There is nothing wrong with
collecting information freely placed in public, as
much of this information is.  Nor is there anything
wrong with one party selling information to another
party as long as it was not under fraudulent
circumstances.  If a person objects to this
information being sold, then it is up to the
individual to make alternative arrangements with which
he is more comfortable. .  In other words, protecting
your privacy is your responsibility. That is the value
inherent in the freedom to contract.
Bringing back the original conception of property
rights, as well as freedom of contract, is the best
way of protecting an individual's privacy preferences
on the Internet. Rather than implementing a system of
government regulation of data collection practices,
people should be able to choose whether or not to
contract with a company or otherwise.  Restricting the
downstream actions of others based upon a made-up
right will undercut our other valued freedoms.
On Self-Regulation
We laud the Federal Trade Commission for its cautious
response toward calls to regulate the Internet.  We
are also pleased with the Clinton Administration's
stated intention to refrain from regulating most parts
of the Internet.   We agree in principle that
data-gatherers ought to inform consumers what kinds of
data they are collecting and how that data will be
used.  If it really is true that consumers are highly
concerned about this, then companies scrambling to
sell goods and services over the Internet will
accommodate them. (We also note that there are already
strong incentives for information brokers to ensure
the accuracy of information they collect, since there
is no market for inaccurate information.)
What troubles us is the concept of "self-regulation."
Although the term implies a lack of government
regulation, many of these codes are being developed in
response to a threat of regulation. As the Clinton
Administration's recently released report on Internet
commerce stated, "We believe that private efforts of
industry working in cooperation with consumer groups
are preferable to government regulation, but if
effective privacy protection cannot be provided in
this way, we will reevaluate this policy."   We
believe that the Commission should not use
"self-regulation" as a way to steer the development of
policies on the Internet  without going through the
standard process for proposing regulations.  The
Commission must still defend whatever goals it
One component of this "self-regulation" was the
Platform for Privacy Preferences.   This template
would allow consumers to fine-tune their preferences
and allow them to know what sort of policies a web
site has.  This may be a fine idea, and we hope that
if consumers find it acceptable, it will be adopted by
many organizations.
However, we do not believe that a single privacy
standard is necessarily desirable.  There are many
real-world examples of competing standards co-existing
peacefully.   There are different monetary systems,
there are different systems of measurement (English
and metric, Celsius and Fahrenheit), there are
different languages. The Commission should be wary of
backing a single standard for the Internet.
The threat of regulation is nearly as serious as
actual regulation.  It may well be that the solutions
supported by the Commission and the Administration are
the best ones.  It also may be that there is an
alternate solution around the corner, one which we
cannot predict now but one which might be stifled
because it does not match the goals supported by
current government officials.  This could have very
serious ramifications for the future development of
the Internet.  After all, companies already entrenched
in a particular market that ask for regulation often
do so in order to constrain the actions of future
competitors and to derive windfall benefits, a
practice known as "rent-seeking."  If regulation
stymies the growth of the Internet, we will have no
way of knowing what we have given up as a result.
The idea that federal regulation of the Internet is
somehow better than a market solution to privacy
questions is completely unfounded.  Indeed, the
evidence is that federal regulation in every other
sector of American life has had adverse and unforeseen
consequences which end up hurting consumers.   There
is no reason to believe that federal regulation of
privacy practices will be any better than the current
situation, and it may well be worse.
Children and The Internet
The fear over children seeing sexually explicit
materials online led to hasty calls for Internet
censorship in the Communications Decency Act. Yet the
Supreme Court recently struck down the law, ruling
that the Federal government should not be in the
business of trying to protect children with such a
blunt - and patently unconstitutional - instrument.
Similarly, the  rhetoric surrounding the issue of
children's privacy on the Internet has led to hasty
calls for regulation.  Indeed, the Administration has
taken a strong, even ominous position: "This problem
warrants prompt attention.  Otherwise, government
action may be required."
We believe that before the Commission begins to
regulate in the name of children, it should recognize
from the start that today's children are tomorrow's
adults, and that these regulations may restrict their
rights when they are grown up.  The Commission should
be wary of proposals which would effectively treat
adults like children.
The Center for Media Education's report on the privacy
practices of some web sites seemed to shock the
Commission.  Yet we are not sure why the fact that a
toothpaste company which sends a solicited e-mail to a
child in the name of the Tooth Fairy - an e-mail which
contains neither the name of the product being sold
nor the name of the company -is so disturbing,
especially since for many years people have been able
to have letters from Santa Claus sent to children. We
are in fact puzzled as to why similar "information
collection practices" which have gone on for decades
(e.g. children sending box tops away for magic decoder
rings) are suddenly sinister when performed over the
We note that CME's primary objection is advertising
itself, and "privacy" is just a means to criticize it.
 For example, one target of CME's outrage is "animated
product spokescharacters," e.g. Tony the Tiger, which
"interact with your children...fostering intimate
relationships that compel your children to buy
specific products and services."   That these
"spokescharacters" also ask children for e-mail
addresses appears to be a slightly less urgent
concern. CME's recommendations to the Commission
include restrictions on the use of these cartoons:
"Product and other fictional figures should not be
used to solicit personally identifiable information
from children."   Indeed, elsewhere CME states
explicitly that "there should be no direct interaction
between children and product spokescharacters"  on web
pages.  This is tantamount to a ban on selected
content simply because of its advertising nature.
This is not the proper forum for a discussion of the
great value of advertising to consumers, and why
advertising is not, and never was, a sinister seducer
of consumers.   We will, however, say that children
are far more skeptical of advertising than CME gives
them credit for.  No matter how much advertising, or
how little, there is, children will still want things
and their parents can still tell them, "No."  In
short, it appears that this issue has very little to
do with privacy on the Internet, and far more to do
with CME's anti-advertising agenda.
Nonetheless, CME did introduce some interesting
issues.   CME looked at the existence and content of
privacy practices on children's web sites, and
publicized them. There is nothing wrong with this;
indeed, if children's privacy is such a high concern
for individuals, then companies will respond (many of
the web sites in question addressed the issue as soon
as it was brought to their attention).  As more and
more people become comfortable with the Internet, and
become aware of its capabilities, we expect to see all
kinds of practices - from content, to advertising, to
data collection - to become more refined in response
to consumer demand.
CME also raised the question of how and when to obtain
verifiable parental consent to collect information
from children. One suggestion was to have parents mail
in a signed form indicating that their child may use
the web page and may divulge certain information.  Not
only would this curtail what is an essentially benign
practice - not even CME can explain what actual harm
might result from this collection - but anyone who has
ever known a child to forge his parent's signature to
play hooky knows that this is not a good solution.
It is an irony of the Internet that the technology
which enables data-gatherers to collect information on
what people look at can easily be thwarted by
Anonymizers and other disguising technologies.  It
still holds true that sometimes on the Internet, as
the famous New Yorker animal cartoon showed, "nobody
knows you're a dog."  Nobody has to know that you are
or are not a child, either.  Obviously, forcing
children to identify themselves as minors, especially
in such a public area as the Internet, would be
Consequently, regulations aimed at "protecting
children's privacy" are going to hit adults as well.
For this reason, we urge the Commission to refrain
from drawing up regulations specifically targeted
towards children. Nor should the role of parents be
underestimated or tossed aside in favor of federal
regulation.  Though the Harris/Westin survey showed a
nearly unanimous belief that children's privacy ought
to be protected on the Internet, the survey also said
that not even a plurality of parents have done much to
protect it.  There are a plethora of technologies
available to enable parents to monitor and adjust what
their children see, and more are on the way.  We urge
parents to keep in mind that just as they would think
twice before allowing a child wander around New York
City alone, they should supervise their children on
the Internet.
The Commission is under a great deal of pressure, from
within the government and without, to regulate at
least some parts of the Internet. As more and more
people become Internet users, it is even more
important for the government to refrain from
regulating.  The Commission should confine itself to
policing fraud and investigating any actual injury.
Julie DeFalco on behalf of the Competitive Enterprise
Institute and for the National Consumer Coalition
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-19 01:56:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Brookings Inst. on crypto: "There are reasonable compromises" (fwd) 
The last three words, of course, are an excellent description of most
Washington politicians.

@_date: 1997-07-19 04:17:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Keepers of the keys 
so to speak, were the courts, such as the Administratoive Office of the US Courts?  That would at least seem to reduce a lot of the possible
privacy concerns.  One has the sense that once they get into the hands of the varius agencies, they'll get back out.
Joe Shea
The American Reporter
joeshea at netcom.com

@_date: 1997-07-19 10:47:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HISTORY - pre-CDA, "compromise", untrue civil-liberties groups 
I believe the ACLU gets most of its money from individual contributions.
(I may be remembering this from a conversation with some ACLUers.)
But Jonah has a point below. What's important is not just which
corporations fund a group, but whether the group sets policies based on
its funders' desires. I know the Cato Institute, for instance, lost money from corporate funders
during the Gulf War because of Cato's principled pacifist stance. I
suspect EPIC has remained at its modest (but effective) size because of
its principled uncompromising stance.
This goes back to the original debate: pragmatism vs. principle. How do
you stand on principle and remain an effective advocate in Washington? If
you navigate the route of pragmatism and compromise, what does that mean
for civil liberties? Can you avoid compromising them away?
I'm reminded of a scene in Lord of the Rings. Frodo offers the Ring to
Galadriel. She hesitates, then declines. She says she would have been
tempted by its power -- but transformed by it. "I will diminish, and
remain Galadriel." (This is from memory. It's been more than a couple years.)

@_date: 1997-07-22 01:47:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell: "IRS Inspection" mail confirmed, IU article 
I just spoke with Peter Avenia, a Federal public defender representing Jim
Bell. He said that Bell did indeed plead guilty last Friday to two felony
counts and sentencing is set for October. Apparently at least the thrust of
this "IRS Inspection" press release is accurate.
Avenia knew nothing about it, though.
PS: I'm attaching an excerpt from my IU article in this month's issue.
Internet Underground
July 1997
Assassination Politics
Jim Bell wants to overthrow the government. He'll
have to get out of jail first.
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
IRS agents arrested Bell on May 16 and charged
him with obstructing government employees and
using false Social Security numbers. Now, this is
hardly attempting "to overthrow the government."
But government agents insist Bell is far more
dangerous than the charges suggest. (The judge
seemed to agree: at the time of this writing,
Bell is being held without bail.)
The latest IRS documents filed with the court
label Bell a terrorist. They claim he talked
about sabotaging the computers in Portland,
Oregon's 911 center, contaminating a local water
supply with a botulism toxin, extracting a poison
called Ricin from castor beans, and manufacturing
Sarin nerve gas. He allegedly bought and tested
some of the chemicals. "Bell has taken overt
steps to implement his overall plan by devising,
obtaining, and testing the materials needed to
carry out attacks against the United States,
including chemicals, nerve agents, destructive
carbon fibers, firearms, and explosives," the
complaint says.
But what really got the IRS in a stink was what
happened a month after they seized Bell's car.
The complaint says: "On March 16, 1997, a Sunday,
an IRS employee noted a strong odor in the
Federal building. On March 17, 1997, several IRS
employees had to be placed on leave due to the
odor, and another employee reported other ill
effects. The odor was traced to a mat and
carpeting... just outside the IRS office
entrance." The chemical proved to be "mercaptan,"
with which Bell's friends say he doused
an adversary's law office in the early 1980s.
Yet if Bell was a crypto-terrorist, he was a
singularly idle one. This is a problem with the
IRS' accusations: if true, they prove too much.
If Bell was bent on toppling the government, and
his exploits date back from the early 1980s, why
are they such laughably juvenile and ineffectual
ones? Stink-bombing offices isn't a Federal
felony, nor should it be.
"I would've thought this would be 'malicious
mischief,' at most," Tim May, one of the founders
of the cypherpunks, writes. "People who've done
far, far, far worse are left unprosecuted in
every major jurisdiction in this country. The
meat thrown to the media -- the usual AP stuff,
mixed in with 'radical libertarian' descriptions

@_date: 1997-07-22 10:52:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fight-each-other 
Some random thoughts:
It's no surprise that pro-CDA folks are on f-c. Paul Cardin from OCAF
subscribed about a year ago. Bruce Taylor and lawyers for Enough is Enough
and the Family Research Council have been known to frequent the list,
along with a variety of Hill staffers.
They do a better job of keeping their disagreements under wraps, though if
you ask the right questions you'll learn about some of the riffs that
split their community over CDA I. We're not as organized -- nor should we
be. Netizens, by their very nature, can't march in lockstep together. Sure, the pro-CDA I forces will hear our squabbles, smell our dirty
laundry. But this debate won't continue forever, and perhaps some common
ground will emerge.
Maybe it was naive to think that the anti-CDA coalition would hang
together after the Supreme Court decision. After all, the current fault
lines are split along some of the same divisions that existed for a year
and a half in two lawsuits: the one organized by the ACLU and the one
organized by CIEC. I've heard some say that the current dispute was
inevitable. Or, think of it this way: when privacy groups ally with the religious
right on database legislation, they don't expect their alliance to last
forever. Or when librarians join with Sony, Bell Atlantic, and Sun on
copyright lobbying. Or when the ACLU joins the Eagle Forum on crypto. Or
when the Cato Institute joins Ralph Nader on opposing the CDA.
These are issue-by-issue alliances, and everyone involved understands that
from the start. Perhaps we should have thought of the CDA alliance the
same way? Or perhaps the conflict arises because all groups would like to
claim the mantle of "representing the interests of the Net" -- which
brings with it some political currency here in Washington. And some might
say the tussle comes from long-standing personality conflicts.
Again, these are stream-of-consciousness thoughts, typed in while watching
that excerable new TV show "Roar." I haven't thought this through as much
as I'd like.

@_date: 1997-07-22 13:08:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Real Revolution: Net Guerrillas, from The Netly News (fwd) 
The Netly News Network (
July 21, 1997
The Real Revolution: Net Guerrillas
by Elizabeth Frantz
       The recent kidnapping and assassination of Spanish politician
   Miguel Angel Blanco by the Basque separatist group ETA has ignited a
   violent backlash that is spilling into cyberspace.
       In the wake of the widespread protest against ETA, the Spanish
   government requested last week that the Cable News Network (CNN)
   remove its link to the group's web site. Miguel Garzon, spokesman for
   the Spanish Embassy in Washington D.C., defended the move by saying
   the ETA should be considered terrorist and not separatist, and
   therefore links should not be made to them. The ETA has killed nearly
   800 people since it took up arms in 1968 to fight for independence for
   Spain's northern Basque provinces.
       CNN refused the Spanish government's request, saying that it was
   standard practice to provide links that relate to the subject matter
   -- even if the subject is terrorism. More and more terrorist groups
   are creating pockets of resistance online, a fact that is beginning to
   raise serious questions, especially for educational institutions,
   where John Q. Taxpayer might be indirectly paying for a Zapatista web
   site.

@_date: 1997-07-23 16:13:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House crypto-vote echoes classified briefing (plus: COWS!) 
Another House panel approved the SAFE encryption bill
Tuesday afternoon after a tense debate, capped by the
surprise testimony of a phalanx of law enforcement lobbyists
who appeared at what was scheduled to be a straightforward
The International Relations committee rejected 22-13 an
amendment that would gut the generally pro-crypto measure
by returning complete control over crypto-exports to the
president, then passed the SAFE bill unchanged.
In the process, the committee replayed an off-the-record
debate that took place on June 26 at a classified briefing
in the Capitol. The 64-page transcript of last month's
hearing, now redacted and declassified, reveals the same
tension between law enforcement and national security
lobbyists and two SAFE backers: Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va)
and Rep. Lofgren (D-Ca).
Much of the talk at the classified briefing centered around
how to coerce Americans -- and more importantly, high tech
firms -- to adopt and use a "key recovery infrastructure"
that would allow the government to have ready access to the
secret keys used for encryption and decryption. Bill
Reinsch, Commerce Department undersecretary, said, "The
question is, how do we get there? We were trying to get
there through export controls. That may or may not be the
best way. Arguably import control might be the better way,
but nobody wants to do import controls, and they are off
the map."
Rep. Howard Berman (D-Ca) suggested banning unapproved
encryption altogether: "Why don't you treat it like heroin
or something?" Replied FBI Director Louis Freeh: "Within
the administration there have been long and not harmonious
discussions about what approach is more requisite. The law
enforcement components perhaps have more immediate view,
and that debate is pretty much over within the
Then Reinsch complained that Microsoft wasn't playing ball
with the administration: "They appear not to believe that
key recovery is the way of the future." (I don't make this
stuff up, folks.)
He wasn't the only one to sound an Orwellian note. The
NSA's Crowell said, "There is a need for an instrument,
just like the FCC has. When you get a garage door opener,
it is licensed so you will not turn on your neighbor's TV
with the garage door opener. There is a need for a
licensing process
The rest of his statement is gone from the transcript,
crossed out by the thick, eager pens of government
censors. This is why reading redacted documents is
always a nerve-wracking experience: you feel like you're
being teased with not enough information.
That also happened this afternoon. I've never seen
lobbyists as nervous as they were today before the
International Relations committee met for the SAFE vote.
Everyone expected the chair of the committee, Rep. Benjamin
Gilman (R-NY), to introduce amendments that would tilt the
bill to favor national security, but how would they be
phrased? Nobody knew. Why was the hearing postponed three
times -- was it official House business, or last-minute
deal-cutting? And why was Clipper Chip proponent James
Kallstrom, assistant director of the FBI, sitting in the
front row -- would he testify as an unscheduled
administration expert?
In the end, of course law enforcement and national security
advocates launched a full-court press -- and lost. Gilman,
the committee chair, introduced an amendment that would gut
the generally pro-crypto SAFE bill by returning complete
control over crypto-exports to the president. Industry
groups and civil libertarians denounced it (correctly) as
nullifying SAFE. It would be just as bad, and arguably
worse, than Congress not passing any bill in the first
place. Worse yet, they said, Gilman cloaked his amendment
in "national security" language that would appeal to
members of his committee who are used to approving such
Then there were the cows. Again, I'm not making this up.
Apparently if a cow is out of the barn, it no longer makes
sense to shut the barn door to prevent any more cows from
leaving. (I can't attest to this personally. Perhaps
cows have an inherent sense of occasion.) "Do we open the
doors to let all the cows out?" asked one committee member.
The FBI's Kallstrom rebutted: "There are many, many still
left inside the barn." No, said Lofgren. "The cows are
tromping all over America. Cows can replicate. They're
being born all over the world. There's plenty of beef
SAFE now moves to three more committees simultaneously:
Commerce, National Security, and Intelligence, which have
until early September to vote on the bill. Since the
Clinton administration lobbyists met with a bitter defeat
in the International Relations committee, expect them to
use the August recess to redouble their lobbying attempts.
They may concentrate hardest on House Rules committee
members, who will be tasked with reconciling any
amendments to SAFE.
Yet even after today's vote, the overall encryption outlook
in Congress remains dismal. SAFE's companion bill in the Senate,
ProCODE, is dead and gutted. It's been replaced with the
McCain-Kerrey bill, which is pro-key escrow legislation
that the administration supports. And, most importantly,
the president has said he'll veto any pro-crypto bill that
comes across his desk...
Gilman's amendment offered today:
Excerpt from Secretary of Defense William Cohen's letter to
Congress, dated July 21, 1997:	
More info:

@_date: 1997-07-24 04:53:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cops, Spies Fail to Slow Crypto Bill 
The current version of SAFE, approved by IR, includes the narrower
"crypto-in-a-crime" provision.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-24 05:02:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fight-each-other 
PFF would like to be more libertarian than conservative, though they've
been quieter recently after many of their staff members left. I'm thinking
of going to their Aspen conference next month, but I hear that it's been
going downhill.
I've been on National Empowerment TV a few times, and they're hardcore
conservatives, not libertarians. The Family Research Council's Cathy
Cleaver has her own show on there where she rants about how we need more
government censorship of the Net.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-24 08:11:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNET editor endorses self-labeling, "news site" standard 
Since the Supreme Court said the online world should be
as free as print, and no self-labeling system exists
for magazines or newspapers, why should the Net be any
different? Why isn't the Net community opposing
"mandatory voluntary" self-labeling systems as
staunchly as newspapers and magazines would fight a
similar requirement? It's best to ask these questions
of Christopher Barr (chris_barr at cnet.com), editor in
chief of CNET, who endorsed such a proposal in his
column below.
Barr says that he wants to ensure "that
only real news organizations claim [the] privilege"
of rating as news sites with RSACnews. But who decides
what's a news site? Is CNET? pathfinder.com? epic.org,
which the government treats as a news site when responding
to FOIA requests? The Drudge Report? How about the NAMBLA
News Journal?
My report on the possible perils of such systems is at:
  rating online content can work (7/21/97)
With the Communications Decency Act vanquished once
and for all, it's time to explore alternatives for
protecting our youth from inappropriate online
content. As an independent content provider, CNET's
position has always been to give the power to the
reader (or the reader's parents) and not the
government, to decide which sites have acceptable
content. And now, President Clinton has been forced to
come around to our way of thinking. After initially
supporting the CDA, Clinton is recommending that sites
rate themselves and that parents use filtering
software to set limits for their children.
Self rating systems allow sites to attach labels to
themselves to indicate what kind of content the sites
contain. The labels are interpreted via the Platform
for Internet Content Selection (PICS) technology
endorsed by the World Wide Web Consortium standards
body. The PICS technology allows any group, such as
the PTA or a church, to set content standards that can
then be adopted by individual Web sites. There are
already several rating services such as the
Recreational Software Advisory Council on the Internet
(RSACi), Safe For Kids, and SafeSurf. Early on, CNET
supported the RSACi rating system and chose to rate
both CNET.COM and NEWS.COM.
Controlling content takes two things: content-ratings
and filtering-software. A number of software programs,
including Cyber Patrol, Cyber Sentry, Internet
Explorer, and SurfWatch, already support PICS and can
read the rating labels. Such software blocks out any
sites that don't correspond to the ratings you've
selected. For instance, if your rating system says
that images with partial nudity are inappropriate, the
software won't load those pages.
To be sure, filtering- or blocking-software is not
without limitations. A number of groups, including the
American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic
Privacy Information Center, support the use of such
software on principle, but they also point out that
filtering software can be used to block any kind of
content, not just sexually explicit material, and so
it can end up restricting free speech. These groups
are also fearful that a foreign government could use
filtering software to control what content its
citizens can access. These are just a few of the
thorny issues that the technology introduces.    Nevertheless, we at CNET feel that content ratings are
the best alternative, and we'll continue to rate
ourselves using the RSACi guidelines. But we also feel
that different rating systems are necessary to cover
different types of sites. For example, sites that
carry news stories cannot be accurately rated under
the RSACi standards. These were created to allow
parents to block sites with nudity, sex, violence, and
offensive language. But what happens when you visit a
news site that publishes pictures from a war zone
depicting death and destruction? Or a legitimate news
story about an online scam involving pornography
sites? Microsoft faces this dilemma: its Internet
Explorer supports PICS but several of the rating
systems unintentionally block access to its news site,
Because of situations like these, we feel that bona
fide news sites should be subject to different
criteria. To that end, CNET is also a founding member
of the Internet Content Coalition, which seeks to
establish ratings for news sites and to make sure that
only real news organizations claim this privilege.
Users can then choose to allow access to news while
selecting another rating system like RSACi that
prohibits access to other kinds of sites. We intend to
use the Internet Content Coalition's guidelines to
rate NEWS.COM, while other of our sites, such as
GAMECENTER.COM, will be rated using more restrictive
systems.  The success of any self-rating and filtering system
depends on how well it works and how it's accepted and
used. What's your opinion? Do you use filtering
software? Should news sites have a separate rating?
Email me and I'll put the responses in my next column.
Christopher Barr is editor in chief of CNET.

@_date: 1997-07-25 00:31:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: EPIC Alert 4.11 (fwd) 
==============================================================
                   @    @                @     @  @   @   @        @ @   @     @     @  @    @
             @   @         @             @
       @     @      @   @       @   @  @     @     @  @    @
         @           @   @      @   @   @
   ==============================================================
   Volume 4.11	                                 July 23, 1997
   --------------------------------------------------------------
                            Published by the
              Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC)
                            Washington, D.C.
                          Table of Contents
[1] AOL to Sell Subscriber Telephone Numbers
[2] Search Engine Rating Scheme Touted at White House
[3] Another House Committee Approves SAFE Crypto Bill
[4] FTC Acts on Kids' Privacy
[5] Cellular Phone Group Asks FCC to Set Wiretap Standards
[6] New Bills in Congress
[7] New at the EPIC Bookstore
[8] Upcoming Conferences and Events
[1] AOL to Sell Subscriber Telephone Numbers
In a quiet change to its privacy policy, America Online will soon be
adding subscriber phone numbers to the list of personal information that
it sells to direct marketers.  The company may also match member lists
against "publicly available third-party data" to develop lists for
outside direct mail opportunities.  Previously, AOL's privacy policy
prevented the disclosure of subscriber telephone numbers, while allowing
the company to sell member names and addresses.
The new policy, which is to take effect on July 31, can be found in the
relatively obscure "Terms of Service" area of the online service.  No
notice of the new policy has been provided on the "Welcome" screen where
new AOL features are typically announced.  The revised policy states that
     We make our mailing list (name and address) available to
     select independent companies that offer products and information
     we think may interest you.  Additionally, we may make the list
     with telephone numbers available to companies with which AOL,
     Inc. has contractual marketing and online relationships for the
     purpose of permitting such companies to offer products and
     services over the telephone.  AOL, Inc. may also match the
     Member lists against publicly available third-party data
     (demographic information, areas of interest, etc.) to develop
     lists for use by these companies.
The new policy, which is to take effect on July 31, also points out that
AOL discloses individual information in an aggregated form in order to
describe its services to prospective partners, advertisers and other
third parties.  AOL may also use publicly available third-party data such
as demographic information and areas of interest to assist AOL in their
"programming, editorial research and to offer special opportunities to
our Members."
While AOL will generally not disclose "navigational" or "transactional"
information (such as where you go or what you buy through AOL) to third
parties, it may use such information to develop member lists for
companies with which AOL has a contractual marketing relationship.
For years (and most recently before the Federal Trade Commission),
industry has argued that self-regulation and not legislation is the only
way to ensure that businesses protect individual privacy in electronic
media.  If AOL's new privacy policy is representative of industry's
vision of what self regulation entails, users may have real cause for
More information on online privacy is available at:
     [2] Search Engine Rating Scheme Touted at White House
Leading industry groups suggested on July 16 that they may exclude
material from widely used search engines unless the authors agree to
attach subjective rating labels to all web pages and other online
information. Less than three weeks after the Supreme Court struck down
the Communications Decency Act, a far more sweeping proposal to restrict
information available on the Internet -- "filtering," "blocking" and
rating online content -- was touted at a White House summit meeting.
Announcing the Administration's "Strategy for a Family Friendly
Internet," President Clinton described the private sector initiative that
will presumably preclude the need for new content-control legislation:
     For ["family-friendly"] controls to work to their full
     potential, we also need to encourage every Internet site,
     whether or not it has material harmful for young people, to
     label its own content as the Vice President described just a
     few moments ago. To help to speed the labeling process along,
     several Internet search engines -- the Yellow Pages of
     cyberspace, if you will -- will begin to ask that all Web
     sites label content when applying for a spot in their
     directories.
     I want to thank Yahoo, Excite and Lycos for this important
     commitment. You're helping greatly to assure that self-
     labeling will become the standard practice. And that must
     be our objective.
While such an approach might seem preferable to CDA-type legislation at
first glance, it raises the specter of an Internet where only the
equivalent of "PG" rated content could be found through the search
engines users have come to depend on.  EPIC is encouraging users to
contact the search services and oppose such rating requirements as
fundamentally at odds with free speech principles.
More information on filtering/blocking/rating, and contact information
for the major search engines, is available at:
     [3] Another House Committee Approves SAFE Crypto Bill
The House International Relations Committee approved the SAFE encryption
bill on July 22.  The legislation, which had already been approved by the
House Judiciary Committee, would substantially relax U.S. export controls
on encryption.  By a vote of 22-13, the committee rejected an amendment
offered by Chairman Benjamin Gilman (R-NY) that would have permitted the
President to maintain strict controls on the technology upon a finding
that "the export of such items would adversely affect the national
The Committee's rejection of Gilman's amendment was particularly
significant, given that top officials from the FBI, National Security
Council and the Drug  Enforcement Agency took the unusual step of
appearing before the panel to warn that use of encryption by criminals
would hamper their ability to fight crime.  Secretary of Defense William
Cohen also transmitted a written appeal to the Committee members in which
he urged rejection of the SAFE bill.
While encryption reform efforts have moved forward in the House,
prospects in the Senate are less promising.  On June 18, the Senate
Commerce Committee approved the Secure Public Networks Act (S. 909),
which was introduced by Sens. Bob Kerrey (D-NE) and John McCain (R-AZ).
That bill contains a number of coercive measures that would force
widespread domestic adoption of key escrow encryption techniques
The SAFE bill will now be considered by the Commerce, National Security,
and Intelligence committees in the House, which are expected to vote on
the legislation by early September.
More information on the SAFE bill is available at:
     [4] FTC Acts on Kids' Privacy
The Federal Trade Commission has found that a web site which collects
data from kids and then sells it without notice is engaging in a
deceptive business practice in violation of the Federal Trade Commission
The Center for Media Education brought the complaint against KidsCom on
May 13, 1996, charging that the popular children's Web site was using
deceptive and unfair practices to market to children.  CME filed the
petition in an effort to address the growing problem of deceptive and
unfair marketing practices targeting children on the Web.
The Commission's action marks the first formal articulation of policy by
the agency's Bureau of Consumer Protection regarding what is permissible
when marketing to children online.  The FTC letter sets out broad
principles that apply generally to online information collection from
children. The FTC stated that:
     A practice is unfair under Section 5 if it causes, or is likely
     to cause, substantial injury to consumers which is not reasonably
     avoidable and is not outweighed by countervailing benefits to
     consumers or competition.(11) We believe that it would likely
     be an unfair practice in violation of Section 5 to collect
     personally identifiable information, such as name, e-mail
     address, home address or phone number, from children and
     sell or otherwise disclose such identifiable information to
     third parties without providing parents with adequate notice,
     as described above, and an opportunity to control the
     collection and use of the information.
Because KidsCom changed the operation of its website after the CME
complaint was filed, the FTC said that it would take no enforcement
action. The FTC letter concluded:
     We will continue to monitor KidsCom, as well as other
     commercial Web site operators, to ascertain whether they may
     be engaged in deceptive or unfair practices. Hereafter, staff
     may recommend law enforcement proceedings against marketers
     who engage in deceptive information practices, or who unfairly
     use personally identifiable information collected from
     children.
FTC Letter Ruling is available at:
     CME Statement is available at:
     [5] Cellular Phone Group Asks FCC to Set Wiretap Standards
The Cellular Telephone Industry Association (CTIA) on July 16 asked the
Federal Communications Commission to step in to help develop the
standards for wiretapping under the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA).  The telephone industry and the FBI have been
quietly meeting for two years to develop the new standards required by
the law.  The CTIA is objecting to additional FBI demands not included in
the law such as that cellular phones function as tracking devices.
In a July 15 letter to FBI Director Louis Freeh, the head of CTIA, Thomas
Wheeler, called the FBI position "intractable" and detailed how FBI and
law enforcement objections prevent an industry-sponsored standard from
being adopted.  In response, the Bureau called the CTIA action a "short
circuit" of the standards process and denied that it was seeking
additional powers.  Both the industry position and the FBI demands are
problematic from a privacy perspective, as both would facilitate easier
wiretapping and the collection of transactional information.
CALEA requires that all telecommunications providers redesign their
systems by October 1998 to make wiretapping of new communications
technologies easier.  Phone companies are eligible to receive $500
million from the FBI to implement the new systems.
More information on CALEA and wiretapping is available from:
     [6] New Bills in Congress
H.R. 2180. On-Line Copyright Liability Limitation Act.  Would limit
liability for online service providers that are not aware that
copyrighted materials are going over their networks.  Introduced by Rep.
Coble (R-NC) on July 16. Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
H.R.2198.  Genetic Privacy and Nondiscrimination Act of 1997.  Would
limit use and disclosure of genetic information by health insurance
companies; prohibit employers from attempting to acquire, or to use,
genetic information, or "to require a genetic test of an employee or
applicant for employment" or to disclose the information.  Introduced by
Rep. Stearns (R-FL) on July 17.  Referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and in addition to the Committees on Government Reform and Oversight,
Education and the Workforce, and Veterans' Affairs.
An up-to-date list of pending legislation is available at:
     [7] New at the EPIC Bookstore
The EPIC Bookstore includes a wide range of books on privacy,
cryptography and free speech that can be ordered online.  Many of the
books are available at up to 40 percent off list price.
New titles include:
  "Protect Your Privacy on the Internet" by Bryan Pfaffenberger
  "Digital Cash" by Peter Wayner
  "Contested Commodities" by Margaret Jane Radin
Other popular titles:
  "The Right to Privacy" by Ellen Alderman & Caroline Kennedy
  "Who Knows: Safeguarding Your Privacy in a Networked World"
   by Ann Cavoukian & Don Tapscott
  "Applied Cryptography, 2nd Edition" by Bruce Schneier
We are also now featuring _The Tin Drum_ by Gunther Grass.  The novel, a
bizarre but extraordinary diary of a young boy who refuses to grow up
during the rise and fall of Nazi Germany, is considered by some the
greatest German novel written since WWII.  In 1979, the film version of
the Tin Drum received an Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.  However,
in recent months, groups that oppose "pornography" have persuaded the
Oklahoma City Library to remove copies of the film from the public
library.  For this reason, we are now making the book available at the
EPIC Bookstore.
Support the Freedom to Read.
Check out the EPIC Bookstore at:
     [8] Upcoming Conferences and Events
Hacking In Progress. August 8-10, 1997. Almere, Netherlands. Sponsored by
Hac-Tic. Contact: Beyond HOPE. August 8-10, New York City. Sponsored by 2600. Contact:
TELECOM Interactive 97.  September 8-14, 1997. Geneva, Switzerland.
Sponsored by the International Telecommunications Union.  Contact:
telecom-interactive at itu.int or Cryptography and The Internet: Developing Privacy and Security Policy
for the European Information Society. September 15, 1997. Brussels,
Belgium. Sponsored by Privacy International. Contact: ast3 at privacy.org.
19th Annual International Privacy and Data Protection Conference.
September 17-18, 1997. Brussels, Belgium. Sponsored by Belgium Data
Protection and Privacy Commission. Email privacy at infoboard.be
International Conference on Privacy. September 23-26, 1997. Montreal,
Canada. Sponsored by Lavery, de Billy (corporate law firm).
Managing the Privacy Revolution '97. October 21-23, 1997. Washington, DC.
Sponsored by Privacy and American Business. Contact:
RSA'98 -- The 1998 RSA Data Security Conference.  January 12-16, 1998.
San Francisco, CA.  Contact kurt at rsa.com or              (Send calendar submissions to alert at epic.org)
The EPIC Alert is a free biweekly publication of the Electronic Privacy
Information Center.  To subscribe, send email to epic-news at epic.org wih
the subject: "subscribe" (no quotes) or use the subscription form at:
      Back issues are available at:
      The Electronic Privacy Information Center is a public interest research
center in Washington, DC.  It was established in 1994 to focus public
attention on emerging privacy issues such as the Clipper Chip, the
Digital Telephony proposal, national ID cards, medical record privacy,
and the collection and sale of personal information.  EPIC is sponsored
by the Fund for Constitutional Government, a non-profit organization
established in 1974 to protect civil liberties and constitutional
rights.  EPIC publishes the EPIC Alert, pursues Freedom of Information
Act litigation, and conducts policy research.  For more information,
e-mail info at epic.org,  or write EPIC, 666
Pennsylvania Ave., SE, Suite 301, Washington, DC 20003. +1 202 544 9240
(tel), +1 202 547 5482 (fax).
If you'd like to support the work of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center, contributions are welcome and fully tax-deductible.  Checks
should be made out to "The Fund for Constitutional Government" and sent
to EPIC, 666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE, Suite 301, Washington DC 20003.
Individuals with First Virtual accounts can donate at
Your contributions will help support Freedom of Information Act and
First Amendment litigation, strong and effective advocacy for the right
of privacy and efforts to oppose government regulation of encryption and
funding of the National Wiretap Plan.
Thank you for your support.
  ---------------------- END EPIC Alert 4.11 -----------------------
David Banisar (Banisar at epic.org)                *    202-544-9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center           *    202-547-5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave, SE, Suite 301             *    HTTP://
Washington, DC 20003 * PGP Key

@_date: 1997-07-25 00:50:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DEATH TO THE TYRANTS 
The Secret Service sells tree ornaments every year. They're quite nice.
Though by the time I got back from Singapore last December, they were sold
out. Don't think they do mail order; it's just for building residents.
If there's a tremendous amount of interest I might be talked into taking
orders this year. They're only about $12 each. I hear from fellow jlists that the S.S. also runs a souvenier shop in the
basement of the Old Executive Office Building, on the White House
compound. I've never been able to find it, though.

@_date: 1997-07-25 10:52:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Jamie, as you know, we disagree on your approach to self-labeling.
For the purposes of argument, let us say that we can agree that some,
extreme, sites are unsuitable for children. But the problems arise not on
the extremes, but in the great grey center.
Where do you draw the line? Therein lies the rub.

@_date: 1997-07-26 00:30:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT, RSACi, and "public service" groups (3/3) 
Thanks for responding. The "yet to be determined category" CDT suggested
during that conversation with RSAC is of course the same "public service
site" category I mentioned in my previous post. I'm still curious to know what exactly was discussed and what was proposed
during that July 10 conference call, which happened a few minutes after I
had lunch with RSAC's Stephen Balkam. Can you fill us in? Though to be
fair, I should say Balkam told me the following week that the "public
service site" discussions were on hold. (I'd have to look at my notes for
his exact wording.)
So would you rate your site with RSAC-PS?

@_date: 1997-07-26 00:31:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT, RSACi, and "public service" groups (1/3) 
Of course that hasn't stopped CDT from, as I understand it, proposing
a "public service site" exemption to RSAC, similar to the "news site"
Under such an RSAC-PS scheme, organizations defined as legitimate "public
service" groups -- and only those groups! -- would be exempt from labeling
each of their pages for violence, nudity, and so on. After all, if CDT
wanted to label and the RSAC-PS scheme didn't exist, they'd have to cordon
off the portion of their site with the Pacifica decision as inappropriate
for children. The RSAC working group discussed "public service sites,"
according to RSAC head Stephen Balkam, during a conference call on
July 10.
RSAC-PS raises the same troubling questions as RSACnews: what is a "public
service" group? Who decides? Is CDT? Focus on the Family? The
fight-censorship archives? The Cato Institute? The Washington Post? The
U.S. Congress? The Democratic Party? NAMBLA? Jim Bell's Multnomah County
Common Law Court?
The above is what I understand to be the case. I emailed CDT a week ago
about this but haven't heard back. I'd appreciate clarification.

@_date: 1997-07-26 00:31:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT, RSACi, and "public service" groups (2/3) 
This is not even close to accurate.  We have not proposed anything.
We have told RSAC that we will not rate our sites with their system because
we do not believe that ratings are appropriate for politically
oriented/social issues sites or news sites.
When we discovered that RSAC was considering a news rating, we were
concerned and asked them to tell us what they had in mind.  As part of that
conversation, we asked whether CDT and the other sites we produce (which
are not 'news' sites in the same way the New York Times) would also fall
under that classification, or some other yet to be determined category.
My guess is that this fact got garbled in the translation to you from
someone at RSAC (or perhaps you were just too eager find what you were
looking for).
These are exactly the same questions we asked RSAC.  Ask them, not us --
this is their idea.
Hope that helps.
* Value Your Privacy? The Government Doesn't.  Say 'No' to Key Escrow! *
            Adopt Your Legislator -  Jonah Seiger, Communications Director              (v) +1.202.637.9800
Center for Democracy and Technology              pager +1.202.859.2151
                                                    PGP Key via finger

@_date: 1997-07-26 00:34:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
chris_barr at cnet.com
Jonah, I think the problems with the RSACi rating system are pretty
obvious, and I also think it should be obvious that *any* rating system
that would aspire to rate all or even a significant number of web pages
would be a bad thing.  That said, it seems to me that there exist web
pages that are unambiguously inappropriate for children.  Has CDT rejected
the idea of a very narrowly focused voluntary rating system that would
apply to those sites only?  I have in mind a simple voluntary tag of the
nature:  that would only be used when the web site wanted to signal that it did not
want children to have access to the site?
It seems to me that a consensus to use this simple system would take the
steam out of the more ambitious (and troubling) PICs type systems, and
also do much to eliminate the market for filtering software.  I also think
it would make it easier for many libraries and schools to permit students
to have unrestricted access to the Internet. I know that some people think this simple tagging system is not among the
proposals seriously under consideration.  But why should we let RSAC or
large commerical entities like AOL or Microsoft control this debate?  In
any event, I was wondering what CDT's thoughts are on this.    James Love James Love Center for Study of Responsive Law | Consumer Project on Technology P.O. Box 19367, Washington, DC 20036 | Voice 202/387-8030 | Fax 202/234-5176 | love at cptech.org

@_date: 1997-07-26 02:08:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cnet's stance on content filters 
Association for Computing,             +   Office of U.S. Public Policy           *   +1 202 544 4859 (tel)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 302 B  *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
Washington, DC 20003   USA             +   gelman at acm.org

@_date: 1997-07-26 02:25:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill 
An Attempt to Hobble House Crypto Bill
 by Rebecca Vesely
 9:08am  25.Jul.97.PDT A Republican opponent of a House
 bill that would loosen controls on the use and export of
 encryption is circulating an amendment that would
 effectively cripple the legislation.
 The amendment, by Representative Benjamin Gilman
 (R-New York), who chairs the International Relations
 Committee, would make it unlawful to "manufacture,
 distribute, sell, or import any product within the United
 States that can be used to encrypt communications or
 information if the product does not permit the real-time
 decryption of such encrypted communications or
 information."
 This means that if law-enforcement officials could not
 crack an encrypted file within 24 hours - the time that FBI
 director Louis Freeh and other law enforcement officials
 say is reasonable for accessing information related to a
 crime - that strength of encryption would be illegal. The
 amendment set a civil penalty of US$100,000 for such
 violations.
 Currently, the most complex programs that can be cracked
 so quickly use 40-bit algorithms. The relative ease of
 breaking such code makes it nearly worthless on the
 marketplace, the high-tech industry has warned. Stronger
 encryption - 56-bit and 128-bit algorithms are being
 employed in many products now - is widely viewed as a
 cornerstone to the development of electronic commerce.
 Stronger code can safeguard data such as credit-card
 numbers as it travels over networks.
 Gilman had the amendment in hand earlier this week when
 his panel marked up the Security and Freedom through
 Encryption Act by Representative Bob Goodlatte
 (R-Virginia). The bill has been condemned by the
 government's chief law-enforcement and national-security
 officials because it would prevent domestic controls on
 encryption while relaxing export controls. The FBI and
 National Security Agency want a domestic key-recovery
 system to wiretap digital communications.
 Gilman was unsuccessful in trying to insert another
 provision during the mark-up - one to give the president
 the power to deny crypto export licenses on
 national-security grounds.
 "The second amendment was a staff proposal that basically
 was dependent on what happened to the first amendment,"
 said Jerry Lipson, spokesman for the House International
 Relations Committee. "There was no sentiment that this one
 should be introduced when the first one failed."
 A staffer for a congressman who supports the Goodlatte bill
 said that the new amendment was a "scare tactic" meant to
 show committee members that law enforcement won't stand
 for a relaxed approach to encryption policy. Indeed, FBI
 director Freeh met one-on-one with 10 International
 Relations panel members for hour-long sessions in the days
 before the mark-up, the staffer said. Nine of the 10 voted
 for the bill anyway.
 Some staffers and observers suggest that the Gilman
 amendment could be introduced when the bill goes to the
 Select Committee on Intelligence. Although the legislation
 has 214 co-sponsors in the House, none are members of
 that panel. And the bill still must reach two other
 committees before it goes to a full House vote: Commerce
 and National Security. The deadline for all committees to
 address the bill is 5 September.
"They don't draft amendments like this for the heck of it,"
 said Alan Davidson, staff counsel for the Center for
 Democracy and Technology. "It's a glimpse at what could be a
 very frightening future."
 Copyright � 1993-97 Wired Ventures, Inc. and affiliated
 companies.
 All rights reserved.

@_date: 1997-07-26 14:33:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT, RSACi, and "public service" groups (1/3) 
Heh. That's not what RSACi has in mind. :) --Declan

@_date: 1997-07-27 13:26:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declassified crypto-hearing transcript now online 
The URLs, thanks to JYA:
     (97K hearing transcript)
     (11K Reno letter)

@_date: 1997-07-30 01:24:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Boylovers, NAMBLA, and Net-vigilantes, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
July 29, 1997
This Boy-Lover's Life
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Anne Cox is nothing if not determined. For months the
   Net-vigilante has been unwavering in her crusade against pedophiles,
   undaunted by insults, threats and even the "horrible things" done to
   pictures of her as a baby that she had digitized and placed online.
   She fought back with just about every possible tactic: argument,
   public humiliation and sometimes-spurious threats of legal action.
        Now, the war is escalating.
        It started in May, after Cox launched an assault on "boy-lover"
   web sites in an attempt to force them offline. But she and her allies
   ran into a serious obstacle: the sites aren't illegal. They're filled
   not with child pornography -- which is banned by federal law -- but,
   instead, photos of boys in swimsuits. "They shouldn't be doing these
   things with the children's pictures," Cox says.
        Some argue that Cox and her allies have gone too far. Besides
   boy-pix sites, this team of Net-vigilantes has attacked a group of gay
   teens organizing "to fight against" discrimination. They've tried to
   take down a consensual spanking page for gay adults, and even an
   archive of sexually-explicit stories that specifically rejects tales
   about pedophilia. Then there's the murky Children's Protection and
   Advocacy Coalition, which Cox claims to run -- yet she refuses to name
   its member organizations.

@_date: 1997-07-30 01:41:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Majority in house support SAFE encryption bill, from SPAlert 
MAJORITY IN HOUSE SUPPORT PASSAGE OF ENCRYPTION BILL
Rep. Bob Goodlate (R-Va.) and Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) will hold a press
conference in room HC7 in the U.S. Capitol today to announce that a
majority in the House of Representatives have signed on as co-sponsors of
H.R. 695, the Security and Freedom through Encryption (SAFE) Act.  SPA
today called on the Clinton administration to immediately cease its
opposition to the SAFE Act, which allows the free export of encryption
products while providing American businesses with the tools needed to
protect corporate data.
"Forty years ago, John F. Kennedy wrote 'Profiles In Courage' on political
leaders with the moral and political courage to resist the easy path and,
instead, make difficult choices in the national interest.  Today, members
of the House passed this test of courage with flying colors," said Ken
Wasch, SPA president.  "On the other side of Capitol Hill, however, the
ghost of J. Edgar Hoover lurks in the cloakrooms of the Senate.  Rather
than taking a courageous stand for America, some Senators would rather
follow the administration's play book, trading personal freedoms for what
they themselves admit is only marginal improvement."
"House members have clearly studied the issue and recognize that burdening
high-tech industries with oppressive regulation and restrictive export
controls will only harm America and law enforcement in the long run.  Law
enforcement concerns cannot be addressed by mandating technology but by
adopting policies ensuring technical progress and innovation occurs in the
United States."
The SAFE Act now proceeds to the Commerce, Intelligence, and National
Security Committees, all of which have until September to vote on the
For full text of the release, visit
For access to Rep. Goodlatte's Web page regarding the SAFE Act, visit
For full text of SPA's statement following the SAFE Act's passage by the
House Committee on International Relations, visit
For further information, contact Lauren Hall at (202) 452-1600, ext. 313,
or lhall at spa.org.

@_date: 1997-07-30 05:06:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan Does Boylove 
Now *this* is a Subject: line I never expected to see flash across my screen...
Since dejanews.com is on that swamp-list, I suspect pathfinder.com may
appear as well.
Banning images or text because they might lead to impure thoughts or even
criminal actions is odd. It makes individuals *less* responsible for what
they do, and refuses to admit the possibility of free will...
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-31 01:34:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Netly's Walter Miller talks crypto with President Clinton 
ReSent-Date: Wed, 30 Jul 1997 13:12:16 -0400 (EDT)
Walter Miller is Netly's roving, raving, and notoriously misspelling
columnist. He's recently been keeping on top of cyber-rights issues.
Not long ago, Walter Miller had brunch with the Supreme Court justices, and
told them the dos and don'ts of web site design. "I also made sure to
sugest that the US Supreme Court get a password- protected Intranet too --
to post stuff like cafateria specials, snow days, even forums where they
coud flame eachother. Or maybe secretly play network Diablo on laptops
right there on the bench during boring testimony":
  Then he took on the University of Memphis, which tried to wipe out a
student's "Old People" site. "Sections on the site include Geezer News,
(mostly newswire acounts of elderly motoring mishaps), and a humor page the
likes of this: Q: What's 1,000 feet long and smells like urine? A: The
conga line at Century Village":
  Now Walter Miller writes about encryption, and his Granfather's long
history of crypto-talk with President Clinton (who apparently goes by the
alias BUBBA1)...
The Netly News Network
Walter Miller (
Trailer Trash on the Infobahn
for the week starting July 30, 1997
An Encrypted Freindship
by Walter Miller (thenetlynews at pathfinder.com)
  My Granfather isnt just a crankey old S.O.B. he's also a
  longtime F.O.B., or 'Freind Of Bill'; No, not Bill
  Gates--the slightley less inportant one: Bill Clinton. (The
  othor Bill probly HAS no freinds...Sorry, that was mean
  spirrited of me, and inspired out of jealousy--but atleast i
  can ADMIT it.)
       But Gramps and Bill Clinton realy ARE freinds.
  They met during the '72 Presidential race. Clinton was 26
  and George McGovorn's Texas campaign chair.
  Granfather was a low-ranking precinct leador. The two
  were tossin back coldies one night after a rubber chicken
  event at a motel out onthe I-10. Eyeing 2 bellbottomed
  chicks at the bar, Bill winked at Gramps; he winked back,
  scribbling with a pen on a napkin: "YOU TAKE THE
  YOUNG CUTIE. ILL TAKE THE OL' UGLY ONE".
  Both men nodded. Unable to read Grampy's scrawl, the
  gals never cought on. Thus began a 25-year freindship
  based on encryption which contineus to this day.
       Well, neithor man got lucky that night, and
  McGovern lost Texas in a 49-state landslide. (Granfather,
  a conservotive Democrat, ended up votting for Nixon).
  But encryption has come along way since. And so has the
  mop-topped boy from Hope.
       Not only did Granps let him keep his favvorite
  ballpoint pen, they both kept in touch. Last week they
  were in toutch allot. It was about the new Encryption bill
  that just passed Congress. Granps suported it while the
  President was agianst it. They hotly discussed it by e-mail
  for a few days, till this mesage arrived:
         Return-Path: whitehouse.gov
         Received: from (ENCRYPTED)
         Message-ID: (ENCRYPTED)
         X-Mailer: (ENCRYPTED)
         MIME-Version: 1.0
         Content-Type: text/plain;
         charset="us-ascii"
         Content-Trans-Encod: 7bit
         :
         From: "Bubba1"
         To: "Granpy"
         Subject: (ENCRYPTED)
         Date: Sun, 27 Jul 97 09:36:55
         -0400
         :
         Dear Sir:
         POTUS suggests e-mail is not the
         best forum for this discussion.
         Please meet POTUS tonite, 8PM,
         EDT in (ENCRYPTED) Chat. The
         regular place.
         :
         On behalf of POTUS,
         Your pal,
         :
         "VPOTUS"
         :
         P.S. Don't worry, POTUS tells me
         it won't take so long as to cut
         into the X-Files, which my
         (ENCRYPTED) sources tell me is
         a repeat anyway.
         :
         =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
         This is my sig.
         tHIs iS mY SIg ON dRUGs
         =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
  Of cuorse, "POTUS" is President of the United States and
  'VPOTUS' is Mr. Gore. (Just like most big inportant
  exetcutives in the private sector, there's always some
  low-level lacky handling the adminostrative end of his
  E-mail.)
       Later that evening, their convorsation contineud, but
  this time in chat:
         Granpy: YOU OUT THERE, BUBBA?
         Bubba1: Right here, Gramps.
         Sweet4U: Who else is out there?
         Prowler: I'm here. Whos there?
         Granpy: I TELL YUH, BUBBA I
         AIN'T GLOATING, BUT I'M GLAD
         ABOUT THET THAR NEW ENCRYPTION
         BILL.
         Bubba1: Well, Gramps, I did have
         reason to oppose it.
         Prowler: Hey Granpy--ALL CAPS
         are for SHOUTING ONLY
         Granpy: I AM SHOUTING
         Sweet4U: Bubba, age, M/F?
         Bubba1: Um...uh, well, Shucks...
         Prowler: Prowler here.
         (((BURP!))) Who's out there?
  Needless to say, this chat thread, like most, soon
  descended into the ininteligible drivol of a dozen voices
  saying nothing to no one in particulor.
       So Gramps and the Presidant took it private.
         Bubba1: Geez, that garbled
         chatroom drivel sounded like my
         last cabinet meeting.
         Granpy: NO WONDER REAGAN USED TO
         FALL ASLEEP IN HIS, HUH?
         Bubba1: LOL! Who needs
         encryption when you've got IRC
         chat!
         Granpy: LEVITY ASIDE MR. PREZ,
         BUT WHO NEEDS ENCRYPTION WHEN THE
         GOVORMINT HAS THE SOFTWARE KEYS?
         Bubba1: Oooh. That was cold,
         Granps.
  Yes, Granfather had hit a nerve with that one. The gist of
  the encryption bill was to allow US companies to export
  encryption technollogy. Right now America's ass is
  getting kicked in the world market cause we're not allowed
  to sell encyprtion software while foriegn competittors are
  alredy doing it. Mr. Clinton had opposed the bill, but
  would of alowed it only if the US Govorment--yes, the
  US Goverment was given access to the software keys to
  be able to crack the codes.
         Granpy: WHY DON'T WE ALL JUST
         SURRENDER OUR NET PASSWORDS, HUH?
         HOW 'BOUT OUR BANK ATM PASSWORDS,
         AND CREDIT CARD PINS?
         Bubba1: Come on, Gramps. I had
         the FBI and the DEA on my side on
         this, not to mention members of
         both parties. What about
         international spies? What about
         drug kingpins? They use encrypted
         technology.
  Uh, ecxuse me Mr. President, but spies and druglords
  also use the telephone and the U.S. Mail. And when you
  need to put badguys under survellance, you simply get a
  court ordor, and you do it. I have to agree with Granfather
  on this. And I cant help but think that mabye a little of the
  high-profile hand- wringing abbout encryptoin exports
  might be just some old fashionned low-tech fear of
  computers.
       And besides. Nothin personal, but I use my conputer
  for private corespondence. My browsing logs, purchasing
  habbits and credit card numbers are here too, and I dont
  want them falling into the wrong hands. Or, perhaps,
  falling onto the desk of some fat guy in the White House
  basement in charge of 'security' who no one
  remmemmbers hiring. Granfather relayed my concerns to
  the Prez.
         Bubba1: Is that what your
         grandson said? I feel his pain.
         Granpy: HE'LL BE FEELIN MINE ON
         HIS SKINNY ASS IF HE DONT GIT ME
         A BEER, LIKE I DONE ASKED HIM TO.
         Bubba1: LOL!
       In any case, their disagreement on this one isseu
  hasnt hurt Granfather's and Clinton's freindship any.
  Funny thing is, theyve relied on encryption to maintain it
  in secrecy. (A close freindship with Granfather is bound to
  be a politicol liability, if you think abbout it). And
  somhow I think the president is better at 'encryption' than
  he thinks--Ive ben readin in the papers about Whitewater
  for 5 years now: The president seems unscaithed, and I
  still dont know what the hell is going on.
         Bubba1: Do you think my loss on
         the encryption bill will hurt my
         approval rating?
         Granpy: YOU KIDDING? WHAT'RE YOU
         AT, 68 PERCENT? HELL, TWO MORE
         POINTS, YOU KIN START DATING
         AGINN, BOY.
         Bubba1: ROTFL! Seriously--you
         think this chatroom is secure?
         Granpy: YUP. UNLESS NEWT OR AL
         ARE HACKIN' IN.
         Bubba1: Those guys? Everything
         Al knows about computers he
         learned from his kids. And Newt
         still goes to Newsgroups for
         news.
         Granpy: YEH, THE NEWS IN
         BINARIES, I'D BETCHA.
         Bubba1: LOL! Hey, BTW, speaking
         of 'non-family fare' I
         accidentally erased that gross
         .wav file from last week. Can you
         send it again?
         Granpy: SEND IT? GIMME A MINUTE
         AND I'LL BE ABLE TO MAKE IT AGINN
         FOR YOU, LIVE.
         Bubba1: HAH! I'll leave you
         Newt's private phonemail; you can
         leave it for him there.
         Granpy: SO, BUBBA--D'YOU STILL
         LIKE ENCRYPTION?
         Bubba1: Know what, Grampy? I
         like privacy better. Handing
         over encryption keys to the
         government sucks.
         Granpy: HERE IT COMES...NOW,
         BUBBA, NOW
         Bubba1: OH! Hold that, er
         "thought" another second, I'll
         give you Newt's secret
         number...typing...Got a pencil?
         area code (202) (ENCRYPTED)...
  ...And this is where the convorsation seemed to end. Or at
  least, it was the last I got of it that wasnt garboled.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-31 03:31:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
It generally is not morally wrong to take steps to prevent children from
having access to pornography, provided they're your children or you have a
custodial relationship. But, as you say, that generality does not excuse all actions done in the
name of protecting children. For instance, murdering the pornographers to
protect children is not morally justified. In other words, don't infringe on the rights of someone else.
As for your point about it being immoral not to protect children, your
statement is so vague as to be meaningless. Of COURSE we want to protect
children. But how? Protecting them from racism by banning Tom Sawyer or
prevening them from reading Huck Finn? Protecting them from "porn" by not
letting them look at nude sculpture?
This is a core "family values" issue. Let each parent protect their
children the best way they can. No government intervention is generally

@_date: 1997-07-31 05:57:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Don't copy that floppy! Copyright bill roundup (7/30/97) 
If you give your dad a "free" copy of Microsoft Word, you'll
be guilty of a Federal felony, at least under some of the
bills that have recently been introduced in Congress. I'm
still reading through them, but here's what I've gleaned...
Much of the debate will center around the so-called
"LaMacchia Exemption," which basically means that
non-profit copyright infringing is not a crime. It is,
however, already a civil offense -- as the SPA is always
eager to demonstrate. I wrote about this recently:
  HR2265: Introduced by Rep. Bob Goodlatte on July 25, the
"No Electronic Theft Act" would eliminate the LaMacchia
Exemption. If you give pirated software to a friend
(exchanging "anything of value" including "other copyright
works"), beware. For the first offense, assuming the
software is worth at least $5,000, you get three years in
the Federal pen. If you make more than ten total pirated
copies, you get six years:
  HR2180: Internet services generally would not be liable for
their customers' copyright infringements, under this bill
introduced on July 17 by Rep. Coble and Rep. Henry Hyde.
Called the "On-Line Copyright Liability Limitation Act,"
it's what ISPs have been demanding for years. Watch major
copyright owners like Microsoft frown at this one. Nobody
in the Senate has introduced companion legislation yet; the
Judiciary Committee had a hearing on ISP liability
scheduled for yesterday but it was cancelled due to Justice
Brennan's death.
  HR2281: Arguably the most controversial of the copyright
bills introduced so far, this legislation that was introduced
yesterday would enact the World Intellectual Property
Organization copyright treaty the U.S. signed last
December. Problem is, it may go far beyond what the treaty
requires. The bill bans "technology" (including both
hardware and software) that has few uses other than
"circumventing a technological protection measure."
It could impact encryption. "Circumvention" is defined as
"to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted
work." (What does this mean for cryptanalysts?) It also
restricts removing "copyright management information" that
includes titles, author's name, and copyright notice.
Violators would be subject to civil penalties or criminal
prosecution. If you "circumvent" protection or remove
copyright info "for purposes of private financial gain,"
you'll face up to a $1,000,000 fine and 10 years in Federal
That's serious stuff. And it raises some interesting
questions: what if I include a Reuters article in a
newsletter I sell, and delete the copyright notice? Am I a
Federal felon? Do I have a million dollars? Hmm...
"They have criminalized conduct that is legal under the
current copyright act," says Adam Eisgrau of the American
Library Association. "They have created a new crime that is
completely divorced from copyright infringement." Eisgrau
says this bill isn't required by the WIPO treaty, which
only mandates that countries punish *actions* that
infringe, not *devices* that do.
This legislation has hefty backing: Rep. Henry Hyde (full
committee chair), Rep. Howard Cobel (subcommittee chair),
and Rep. Barney Frank (ranking Democrat on the
subcommittee). Sen. Patrick Leahy, who likely will endorse
this approach, said yesterday that he was studying similar
The SPA, naturally, is also supporting this bill. I've attached
their press release below. The text of HR2281 isn't online yet
SPA press release
WIPO Treaty Implementation Bill Introduced in House
Copyright Protections for Software Greatly Enhanced
(Washington, D.C. -- July 30, 1997)  Rep. Howard Coble (R-N.C.), chairman
of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual Property,
introduced late yesterday the WIPO Copyright and Performances and
Phonograms Treaty Implementation Act (H.R. 2281).  The bill will make
necessary amendments to U.S. law to enable the Senate to ratify new
international intellectual property treaties negotiated last year in
Geneva.  The legislation is largely based on a Clinton administration
proposal delivered by Commerce Secretary William Daley.
SPA was a leading participant in the diplomatic conference last December
that drafted the WIPO copyright treaty, and considers copyright protection
for the Internet to be a major priority.
"SPA supports the objectives of H.R. 2281 and, while further analysis must
be done, believes that the Clinton administration and Rep. Coble have
achieved a workable balance," said Ken Wasch, SPA president.  "H.R. 2281
represents significant accommodations to guard against inadvertent
liability for multi-purpose computers, software and other concerns.  We
hope Congress understands that further concessions would undermine the
measures needed to make gains in the war against software piracy."
"We commend Secretary Daley and his senior advisers for their perseverance
in forging the administration's legislative proposal, Rep. Coble and his
staff for their determined effort to introduce the measure and the bill's
co-sponsors, Reps. Henry Hyde (R-Il.), Barney Frank (D-Mass.) and John
Conyers (D-Mich.).   In putting this bill before Congress, they have
reached an important milestone in establishing the legal framework needed
to protect electronic commerce in computer software."
H.R. 2281 would also prohibit knowingly provide false copyright management
information with intent to induce or conceal software piracy and other
copyright infringement, and make technical changes to bring U.S. law into
accord with the WIPO treaties.
Circumvention of technological copyright protection measures for purposes
of software piracy is a serious problem.  Today, copyright law cannot be
used to stop all kinds of unauthorized circumvention, nor can the making
and selling of technology designed specifically to do so.  These access and
copy control technologies, such as scrambling, encryption and electronic
locks, supplement legal protection in fighting software piracy but do not
solve the problem.  In fact, new problems are emerging on a consistent
For example, last May Chico-based SciTech Software, Inc. received ransom
demands for $25,000 from an on-line extortionist who threatened to
publicize on the Internet the instructions for disabling technology that
controls the 21-day evaluation period for its graphics utility program,
"Display Doctor."  "The scary thing is not that our protection could be
circumvented.  Dedicated pirates always find a way," said Kendall Bennett,
SciTech engineering director.  What's scary is that they can get the
information on how to circumvent into the hands of millions of casual users
who would normally license our software."
The immediate threat to SciTech has passed, but the blackmailer is still at
large.  Other SPA members have received ransom demands for as much as $1
million. That problem would be addressed by the new WIPO Copyright Treaty,
which requires the U.S. and other countries to make sure that software
companies have effective remedies against circumvention of technical
protection for copyrighted works.   SPA has spent months building consensus
among industry and government on how to do so, and Rep. Coble's bill has
put the issues before Congress.
SPA is the principal trade association for the computer software industry,
representing the leading publishers as well as start-up firms in the
business, home office, consumer entertainment and educational markets.  SPA
supports companies that develop and publish software applications and tools
for use on the desktop, client-server networks and the Internet.  SPA's
1,200 member companies account for 85 percent of U.S. revenue for packaged
and online software.
Contact:        Mark Traphagen, Vice President for Intellectual Property
and Trade                       Policy, SPA, (202) 452-1600, ext. 322.
Steve Bowers, Media Relations Specialist, SPA, (202) 452-1600, ext. 365.
                     Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-31 08:03:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rep. White introduces Internet Protection Act 
I admit I'm jaded after spending too much time -- which
in my case, is about three years -- in Washington.
I've seen too much special interest lobbying, too many
soft money favors, and (of course) a veritable slew of
unconstitutional legislation.
But sometimes a bill comes along that warms my heart.
It happened today, when Rep. Rick White (R-Wash)
introduced the Internet Protection Act to block the
FCC from regulating the Net. (Though I recall it's
been watered-down from the one he tried to pass last
year:  )
Joining White in introducing the bill was the chair of
the House Telecom Subcommittee, Billy Tauzin (R-LA).
It stresses that industry, not government, should grow
the Net. Besides barring the FCC from regulating
Internet providers, the bill also amends the
Telecommunications Act to let the agency back away from
offline regulation if a comparable service exists
This is important. After all, the FCC's charter gives
it jurisdiction over all electronic communications --
though the commission has opted not to exercise its
authority in cyberspace. A 1980 FCC directive dubbed
"Computer II" said the commission would regulate only
"basic" telephone services, not providers of "enhanced
services." That marked a reprieve for the Net, for the
"enhanced service provider" category includes
everything from voice mail service to alarm monitoring
firms to Internet providers. (That's why we don't pay
per-minute charges to log on today, much to the
chagrin of Bell Atlantic's lobbyists -- who tried in
1983 and 1996 to pass such a rule and met with a
crushing defeat each time.) Still, White's bill is
crucial since future commissioners may not display
this laudable regulatory forbearance.
Bob Corn-Revere, former FCC chief counsel, echoes this
in his recent book called "Rationales &
Rationalizations." He says: "The culture of regulation
already is marshaling its forces for a multi-faceted
assault on Internet freedom." After all, key
legislators like Rep. John Dingell (D-Mich) and Rep.
Edward Markey (D-Mass) have opposed legislation that
would exempt the Net from FCC content regulation.
Markey has said the Net should be regulated the
same way as other media, and Dingell wants to protect
the FCC's ability to "apply local [cable television]
franchising requirements to the Internet." Let's not
even talk about what the religious right would like
to do...
"Regardless of ideological differences between
liberals and conservatives, however, there really is
only one wish -- to control the medium," Corn-Revere
concludes. And he's right.
An excerpt from the Internet Protection Act:
"LIMITATIONS ON COMMISSION AUTHORITY -- Except as
expressly provided in this section, noting in this Act
shall be construed to grant authority to the
Commission with respect to --
(A) the rates, charges, practices, classifications,
facilities, or services for or in connection with the
provision of Internet information services to
(B) technical specifications or standards for the
provision of Internet information services; or
(C) any other regulation of the provision of Internet
information services"
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-08-01 04:14:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: JD Lasica on labels/censorware as threat to Net, in Salon 
From: Joseph Lasica      To: "'declan at well.com'" Hey, thought you'd be interested in the lead story today in Salon, the
one on the Ratings police.
[I've attached the first part of the story below. Visit the web site for
the complete article; it's well worth a read. --Declan]
RATINGS TODAY, CENSORSHIP TOMORROW
The Net industry is rushing to embrace ratings systems
for the Web. The technology will help parents keep
their kids away from porn. It can also help anyone
censor anything.
BY JOSEPH D. LASICA
A few years from now, when we look back at what
crippled the Internet as a global forum for the free
exchange of information, at least we'll know it was
done with the best of intentions.
Who, after all, could oppose Internet ratings if they
create a "family-friendly" online world?
And so, to make the Net safer for kids and to avert
government regulation, the Internet brain trust has
banded together to push rating, filtering and labeling
technology -- a private-sector techno-fix to cleaning
up the Net. President Clinton has signed on and has
used his bully pulpit to jawbone companies that were
wavering on the issue. And the news media have covered
the president's initiative with the gusto of a pep
With all this firepower behind them, ratings are
coming to a Web site near you -- in fact, to all Web
sites, if proponents have their way. And a panoply of
would-be censors -- from foreign despots to home-grown
zealots and pandering politicians -- couldn't be
"What's happening now is a move toward the privatizing
of censorship," says David Sobel, legal counsel for
the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC).
"It's likely to destroy the Internet as it's existed
up till now."
There are a great many ironies here, but the greatest
irony is that the censorship will be self-imposed --
we're doing it for the sake of family, parents,
children. In truth, Internet ratings are being driven
by the changing business interests of the major
players involved.
In the last go-around over muzzling the Internet, Net
users, the computer industry, the media and civil
liberties groups all united against the government's
Communications Decency Act -- which the Supreme Court
buried last month. This time around, the lineup is a
lot more lopsided.
On one side: the U.S. government, the high-tech
industry, most major media outlets and a vocal cast of
parents' organizations, child-safety advocates and
anti-obscenity groups.
On the other: the American Civil Liberties Union,
EPIC, the American Library Association, a smattering
of university scholars and that guy over there waving
the "No ratings" sign.
Why have the software companies and Internet firms
gone over to the other side? Certainly, they're
spooked by the specter of Congress passing a "son of
CDA" bill. But it goes beyond that.
Internet ratings dovetail nicely with big business's
desire to make the Internet safe for God, apple pie
and commercialism. The "dark side" of the Net --
hackers, foreigners, political extremists, geeks,
"phreaks," porn purveyors, hate groups, people who
SHOUT IN ALL CAPS AND USE EXCLAMATION MARKS!!! -- will
largely be banished to an unrated no-man's land where
browsers and search engines fear to tread.
So it was no surprise that the invitation list to the
Internet summit at the White House on July 16 bore
names like Netscape, America Online and IBM rather
than names like geekboy or cybergrrrl. At the meeting,
President Clinton announced a "parental empowerment"
initiative that would give parents the tools to shield
children from obscenity, violence and antisocial
messages on the Net. Although every idea on the table
is software-based, the administration couldn't resist
dubbing the plan the "E-chip," a cousin of
television's V-chip, which will block unsuitable
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-08-01 05:16:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Telco Terrorism" -- Wired on Baby Bells v. the Net 
Issue 5.06 - June 1997
Telco Terrorism
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   If the Baby Bells get their way, you'll pay by the
   minute and through the nose for the privilege of
   logging on. But the Net has an unlikely defender: the
   FCC.
Ed Young, Bell Atlantic's chief lobbyist, is a busy man -
so busy, he says, that he can find time to talk only
between meetings in a Nynex boardroom in Washington,
DC. He waves expansively at the juice bar and grins,
"Take whatever you like. It's all paid for by Nynex."
A moment later, Young denounces Internet users for
precisely the same attitude. "There's no longer a free
lunch," he complains. "Internet welfare has to stop."
It's a catchy sound bite - honed through countless
repetitions over the last year - and Young has spent a
lot of time testing it out on Washington regulators.
He says that flat-rate Internet pricing is clogging
phone lines, jamming telephone switches, and, most
important, costing his employer hundreds of millions
of dollars a year. Last summer, Bell Atlantic teamed
up with a few other Baby Bells to try to persuade the
Federal Communications Commission to levy
minute-by-minute access charges on Internet service
providers - hefty fees that could double or triple the
average monthly bill. For the telcos, securing
permission to begin collecting access fees would be
like hitting the jackpot; a charge of merely 3 cents a
minute would bring in nearly US$6 billion in new
revenue each year.
But some important members of the high tech community
worry that it could also trigger the death of the Net.
Three-cents-a-minute access fees would boost a service
provider's costs by more than $100 a month for each
subscriber who logs on for two hours a day. In an era
when $19.95-per month flat-rate pricing reigns
supreme, the thought of shelling out per minute access
charges to local phone companies has the online
industry scared shitless. CompuServe, for example,
estimates that its phone costs would zoom from $36
million to $367 million. The online and high tech
industries have counterattacked, arguing that while
more than 18 million Americans creep through
cyberspace using modems that sip bandwidth through
twisted-pair straws, the telcos want more money yet
refuse to improve service by bringing high-speed data
connections to the local loop.
The stage has been set for a showdown between a
telephone industry regulated since its birth and a new
economy that has prospered with surprisingly little
government interference. The tug-of-war pits
buttoned-down monopolies against a rough-and-tumble
collection of Silicon Valley bigwigs. Faced with
potential disaster, the high tech coalition has had no
choice but to learn the art of war as it is waged
within the confines of the FCC's arcane rulemaking
This strange form of bureaucratized combat - which
operates under the guise of public policy - has plenty
of precedents in the annals of American capitalism.
But in this particular fight, an unusual third set of
combatants has been dragged into the struggle:
grassroots Internet users. Speaking with a mixture of
awe and bewilderment, FCC attorney James Casserly
says, "In the past, we've never seen anything like
A case of congestion It's not that the telcos'
anxieties are entirely unfounded: real problems loom
on the horizon. America's local-loop architecture - in
which modems use analog phone lines for digital
communications - is vulnerable to network congestion,
and flat-rate pricing for phone and Internet service
seems destined to exacerbate the problem. This is
largely because telephone networks are designed around
the assumption that roughly one in every eight
subscribers will try to use the phone simultaneously -
which, in turn, means that if just 12 percent of an
area's customers are online at once, nobody else can
use the phone. In other words, America's
telecommunications infrastructure, was designed to
facilitate occasional analog calls, not continuous
digital connections. The telcos are standing at a
crossroads, stuck with a network that was designed for
voice traffic but that now groans under the weight of
data calls. The Baby Bells understand this, and they
say they want to go digital. Which raises the
questions: How will they do it, when will they do it,
and, more important, who will pay?
Both sides agree that the solution lies in new
technology. Currently, most phone calls travel along
an analog phone line to a digital switch that connects
to an analog outgoing line. Find a way to bypass the
analog connections with end-to-end digital networks,
and the congestion problem disappears. Here's why: To
transmit data, analog circuit-switched networks
require a continuous open channel, which must be
maintained even when it's not in use. But a digital
packet-switched network, such as the Internet, breaks
the data into small chunks that are sent as needed
asynchronously and reassembled by the receiver.
Right now, the telcos have no financial incentive to
promote speedier, more efficient technologies - and
when they've tried, they've blown it through a
combination of high prices and notoriously bad
customer service and support. Take ISDN, a digital
technology that has been ready-to-arrive for 25 years
but never quite did. "The problem isn't technology,"
according to James Love, an economist at the Ralph
Nader-sponsored Consumer Project on Technology. "It's
monopoly pricing by the telcos."
There are even better technical solutions than ISDN,
such as xDSL, about which the telcos appear ambivalent
at best. They shouldn't be. The xDSL family of
digital-subscriber-line technologies could provide a
way out of the regulatory staredown between the telcos
and the Net, supercharging ordinary copper wires to
carry data at Ethernet speeds without clogging the
voice network.
Studying the studies For now, however, both sides are
pumping most of their energy into spinning the
argument. Last June and July, Bell Atlantic, U S West,
PacBell, and Nynex launched the opening salvo in the
access-fee battle by passing along a few studies to
the FCC. The Bell Atlantic report noted that Net
surfers use their phone lines to make longer calls,
with an average length of 18 minutes, compared with 5
minutes for a typical voice call. Meanwhile, Bell
Atlantic said it spends $75 to service and maintain
each local loop that runs into an ISP line - lines
that generate revenues of only $17 per month. That
piddling 17 bucks, the telcos claim, barely covers the
cost of keeping a dial tone humming, and isn't nearly
enough to pay for the expensive upgrades needed to
handle circuit-gobbling Internet providers. If more
money isn't spent to upgrade the network, the
scaremongers warn, traffic jams caused by gluttonous
Internauts could become a public menace. The report
concluded that "service interruptions of even a
temporary length could affect public safety services
such as 911 service, with unthinkable consequences."
The telcos' solution: the FCC must let them levy
per-minute access charges to raise the hundreds of
millions of dollars a year needed to keep the phone
system from crashing.
To battle the phone companies' analytical onslaught,
Intel, Compaq, IBM, America Online, CompuServe, and a
handful of trade associations formed the Internet
Access Coalition in the autumn of 1996 to craft a
counterstudy to rebut the telcos' claims. Delivered to
the FCC in January 1997, the coalition report, titled
"The Effect of Internet Use on the Nation's Telephone
Network," blasted telco assumptions and pointed out
their hypocrisy: the Baby Bells whine that flat-rate
Internet services are congesting phone lines even as
many of them are peddling flat-rate Internet access
themselves. Some have actually given it away - in
California, PacBell offered five months of free
Internet service and waived installation charges for
customers who ordered a second phone line. How can a
cash-strapped phone company afford this? Since many
homes are already wired for two lines, second-line
service has become a source of easy profits for the
telcos. In 1995, for example, second lines generated
six times the revenues the Baby Bells now say they
need to upgrade their networks.
The coalition's debunking was thorough. Even if data
calls average 20 minutes - so what? One such call eats
up fewer phone company resources than 20 individual
one-minute voice calls. Moreover, the much-publicized
"clogged network" numbers came from areas with
exceptionally heavy modem use - regions that are
hardly representative of the network as a whole. In
other words, the telcos gave the FCC anecdotal,
worst-case estimates of network-congestion
difficulties and presented them as commonplace, or
perhaps even dangerous.
The phone companies reacted to the IAC study by
retreating from their initial position. No longer will
you hear their lobbyists talk of 3-cents-a minute
access surcharges; since early this year the fallback
stance has been to seek some charge - any charge! - as
long as it's collected through a metered pricing
scheme. "It doesn't have to be a large charge," Bell
Atlantic's Ed Young now says. "It can be something of
the magnitude of a penny a minute, or even less. But
it has to be something."
The friendly FCC? The Baby Bells might have assumed
they had allies in the four FCC commissioners. The
agency's history is replete with precedents in which
decisions have shielded venerable industries from
competition by upstarts. The commission delayed the
introduction of FM radio to protect AM stations. It
stalled cable television to benefit broadcasters. No
wonder, then, that many Internet users took for
granted that it would happily sacrifice the Net to
spare the telcos.
But, surprisingly, the FCC has often gone out of its
way to protect the Net from telco onslaughts. A 1980
directive dubbed "Computer II" said the commission
would regulate only "basic" telephone services, not
providers of "enhanced services." That marked the
Net's first reprieve, as the "enhanced service
provider" category includes everything from voicemail
services to alarm-monitoring firms to Internet
In 1984 Ma Bell splintered, and the FCC decided to
tack an "access charge" of roughly 5 cents a minute
onto every long distance call to compensate local
phone companies for completing the local-loop
connection. The Net's second reprieve came when
commissioners ruled that enhanced service providers
wouldn't be obliged to pay similar access charges
because of the "severe rate impacts" that would
Finally, in 1987, the telcos trotted out many of the
hardship claims they still use today, saying that
voice users were subsidizing the clunky online
services of the time, and demanding that the FCC
impose per-minute access charges on them. The nascent
high tech community responded to the affront quickly.
Irate BBS sysops buried the agency in faxes (a novelty
at the time), while firms such as IBM, Digital, and
CompuServe persuaded a few members of Congress to
intervene. In the end, the commissioners ruled for the
Net and against the telcos, saying that it was
inappropriate to assess per-minute charges on the
fledgling online industry.
That ruling, which immunized ISPs and online services
against access charges, is what the telcos now call
obsolete. Access charges, paid mostly by long distance
companies, added up to more than $23 billion in 1996.
These days, however, long distance companies like MCI
and AT&T are cajoling the commission to reduce access
charges, and the FCC seems sympathetic to the idea.
This means long distance rates may soon be dropping.
But it also means the Baby Bells will pull in less
cash from long distance carriers - a potential
shortfall that perhaps explains why they are now so
hungry to levy access charges on Internet providers.
All this wonk warfare might have gone largely
unnoticed on Main Street USA, were it not for an FCC
Web page that solicited public input on the
access-charge issue. Only a few comments trickled in
during the first few weeks after the page was put up
in December 1996. But as the spring comment deadline
grew near, the word got out: the FCC was poised to
screw the Net. Between February 1 and February 14,
hundreds of thousands of irate emails flooded
isp at fcc.gov. In message after message, Internet users
pleaded, argued, and reasoned with the agency not to
levy access charges. One message labeled the telcos'
demands "just another scam so the greedy phone
companies can separate even more money from
This tidal wave of digital bile did not escape the
attention of Reed Hundt, chair of the FCC. "Imposing
today's interstate access charges on Internet users is
the information-highway equivalent of reacting to
potholes by making drivers pay for a new toll road,"
he says. Such comments are reassuring, but like any
veteran bureaucrat, Hundt seems eager to find a middle
ground between the telcos and the Net. Thus, he has
also offered his own solution. Right now, residential
phone lines are cheap because federal and state
agencies have mandated increases in the cost of long
distance calls and premium services like call waiting
to subsidize basic dial-tone access for everyone.
Hundt has suggested removing these subsidies from
second phone lines. In the absence of local-loop
competition, his proposal would potentially double the
price of a second line. But it would also give the
telcos less to grumble about.
Hundt has only one vote on the four-member Federal
Communications Commission (the fifth spot remains
vacant at the time of this writing), but other
commissioners seem to agree with his position. "We're
going to walk very carefully so as not to impede
progress or competition," insists Commissioner Susan
Ness. Indeed, when the group held a preliminary vote
on access charges last December, it ruled that
Internet providers should not be subject to access
charges of around 3 cents a minute. Since today's
system is so screwed up, the agency said, "We see no
reason to extend this r�gime to an additional class of
users, especially given the potentially detrimental
effects on the growth of the still-evolving
information services industry."
The Net had - once again - found an improbable ally in
the FCC. But the lovefest may be short-lived. The
ruling left the door open for the commission to impose
access charges of less than 3 cents, and the telcos
are now asking for a penny a minute.
Inside the Beltway, the buzz is that the FCC won't
impose new access fees anytime soon. But no matter
what the commissioners decide, the losing side is
likely to take its grievances to the Senate's
Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, which
oversees the agency and could overrule its decision.
The Commerce Committee's new chair, Senator John
McCain (R-Arizona), harbors little sympathy for the
telcos - or their lobbyists. (See "The McCain Mutiny,"
page 122.) After presiding over a recent hearing on
universal service, McCain began spreading the word
that he opposes new access charges. "The claims that
are being made by the telcos are somewhat
exaggerated," he says. "I'm persuaded that online
access isn't nearly the burden they are complaining
about." McCain's assessment is not universally shared
- Alaska's Senator Ted Stevens, a senior Republican on
the committee, said in March that Internet services
should be regulated as telephone companies, and forced
to pay some form of access charge or universal service
The ad hoc alliance All of which means that the
peculiar synergy that exists between grassroots
Internet users and high tech corporations remains as
important as ever. In the face of the telcos'
onslaught, netizens are joining ranks with business
interests to lobby the government and protect the Net.
Although the flood of angry email that stuffed the
FCC's in-box was a chaotic, word-of-mouth effort, it
worked wonders - and effectively changed the course of
the debate in DC. "I think people in Washington
recognize that the 300,000-message deluge was just the
tip of the iceberg," says Paul Misener, Intel's chief
(and only) telecom lobbyist and coordinator of the
Internet Access Coalition.
Yet in a very real way, the digital nation had
misidentified its foe. As a rule, Washington's
bureaucrats are not power-crazed authoritarians; most
are reactive creatures who simply respond to
demonstrations of influence and power. Bell Atlantic,
PacBell, Nynex, et alia leaned hard on the FCC for
access fees, and the agency reacted in its own
instinctively bureaucratic way. The high tech
community responded by forming its own ad hoc
coalition to pressure the FCC, and thousands of
Internet users chimed in to express their collective
dismay. Of course, the best way to win not just the
battle but the war may be to remove the commission's
power to regulate the Net altogether. Still, so far
the real threat to netizens has come from complacent
telcos and their legions of starched-collar lobbyists,
not the FCC. The distinction is important, because the
old rule of thumb still holds true: The enemy of our
enemy may occasionally prove to be our friend.
Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com) is the Washington
correspondent for The Netly News (
Copyright � 1993-97 Wired Magazine Group Inc. All
rights reserved. Compilation Copyright � 1994-97 Wired
Digital Inc. All rights reserved.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-02 12:04:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
So I just got back home after a pleasant dinner with Marc and a bunch of
other privacy- and crypto-folks on Capitol Hill. That is, it was pleasant
until Marc started yelling about libertarians being "Pod People," or at
least possessing similar critical thinking skills. :) I'd like to say I held my own, but I fear I was outnumbered. Besides, Marc
organized the dinner, and "Pod People" is a good line, and even I had to
agree that Steve Forbes is a space alien.
On Sun, 1 Jun 1997, Tim May wrote in response to Robert:
To the best of my knowledge, EF-Georgia does not speak for the EFF. I
don't know if the EFF would support such a law as Robert describes.
Perhaps Stanton can help out here.
Rather than focus on private collection of SSNs, I'd rather cut them off
at the source. The government shouldn't be issuing them in the first
place.

@_date: 1997-06-05 03:34:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Password pirates plunder XXX sites, from The Netly News 
[We include links to sites with porn passwords in today's story, BTW. The Netly News Network (
June 4, 1997
Porn Free
by Chris Stamper and Greg Lindsay (thenetlynews at pathfinder.com)
        Sexfilms.com used to be a small, members-only adult site
   that shipped full-frame videos over a super-fast T-3 line. Traffic on
   the site was comfortably low for about a year, owner Ray Alba says,
   until one name -- "Joe Camaro" -- started appearing with some
   frequency. Actually, it started appearing 500 times a minute. From
   Sweden, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore -- just about anywhere. Somebody
   was passing out the password.
        Download speeds faltered, from 300K/sec to 6K/sec. And then the
   servers themselves began to crash. Finally, Alba had to shut down the
   site for several weeks to clear out Camaro and numerous other accounts
   that had leaked out to the Net. Alba was the latest victim of... Porn
   Piratz!
        A huge number of passwords to pay-only porn sites are loose on
   the Net. Just surf newsgroups like alt.sex.passwords or do a simple
   search through a typical web engine and long lists of logins are easy
   to find. Some of these logins are giveaways from people who ponied up
   the low, one-time-only flat fees that many sites charge. Others,
   apparently, were obtained with phony credit card numbers. Who knows
   how Porn Piratz get the rest. But they do: A Hustler executive told us
   that Hustler's sites have seven times its paid membership logging on
   every day.

@_date: 1997-06-05 03:59:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Spam costs and questions 
A friend who's going to be speaking on one of the FTC panels next week
sent me a few questions about spam. Does anyone want to try their hand at
answering them? I'll forward along all responses I get.

@_date: 1997-06-05 13:21:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
Yesterday I forwarded questions about spam from a friend who was speaking
before the FTC next week. Here are most of the replies I received, which
I've attached below. Some may have appeared here already.
A large amount of real costs are principally being borne not by the
individual recipient but by the networks that are being abused in the
process, which costs the users of the networks involved.  Lots of spammers
are not using "their own" networks to send out the spam, but using the
open nature of the Internet to relay the messages off the mail servers of
networks throughout the world.  One really egregious instance of which
I've been told is that someone used a mailserver in New Zealand as a relay
for a large spam.  I've heard that data charges in New Zealand are for
info in AND out, the provider had to pay for the privilege.  SInce this
was a third-hand story, I can't cite you chapter and verse -- wish I
could.  When lots of spam hits a single network, email processing for all
customers, whether or not they are recipients of that particular spam, is
slowed.  Lots of networks have this problem.  Unlike email systems that
stored one copy of an email, regardless of the number of recipients, the
systems we're using on the Internet today send real physical bits for each
message that take up space on mail queues.  This, too, inhibits email of
all involved.  Then, folks have to deal with the fact that the spam is on
their network: tech support folks are paid to answer queries about it,
sysadmins are paid to toss it out (in cases where it hits large intranets

@_date: 1997-06-05 15:58:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NetAction -- another big government "cyberliberty" group 
*sigh* --Declan
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Sorry, Declan, I don't share your rather naive belief that industry is going
to regulate itself.

@_date: 1997-06-06 03:32:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mr. Gates goes to Washington, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network
June 5, 1997
Mr. Gates Goes to Washington
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        For Siliconaires like Bill Gates of Microsoft, Eric Schmidt of
   Novell and Jeff Papows of Lotus, Washington is a city made pleasant by
   absence. They view its labyrinthine bureaucracies and hidebound
   institutions as something between a minor hindrance and an
   insurmountable obstacle to the important business of making
   profits, not public policy. So it was no surprise to see the high-tech
   trio join seven other executives yesterday at the National Press Club
   to rail against the Clinton administration's restrictions on overseas
   sales of encryption products.
        This Billionaire Boys' Club was especially keen on praising two
   bills that would generally relax export rules. "We clearly support the
   House and the Senate bills that are on the Hill in their original
   form. Getting reform done now is a huge priority for all of us," said
   one. "There are bills in the House and the Senate that are totally
   acceptable, and if those bills are passed they'd solve the problem,"
   another added.
        But perhaps Bill Gates should have spent less time writing BASIC
   interpreters and more time in civics classes, because these bills are
   far from perfect. In fact, they may be downright dangerous.

@_date: 1997-06-08 20:51:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Responses to "Spam costs and questions" (long) 
I don't think commercial speech should be treated as second-class speech.
But my position is hardly surprising.

@_date: 1997-06-10 05:41:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Assassination Politics as revenge fantasy (Re: FCPUNX:McVeigh) 
This is a draft of what I wrote in my Internet Underground article:
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-10 08:04:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime (Re: My War) 
Here are some of my responses on another list... --Declan
This is well said. Read that paragraph again.
The true enemy here is *NOT* the pervs trading child porn. It's the
censorhappy wackos who want to censor others.
The main reason folks seem to be in a lather about the "threat" of child
porn is that it might ruin the Net for everyone. That is, it gives Congress
an excuse to censor it and bring it under ever-tightening controls.
But isn't it clear that the true enemy is the censor? Stamp out child porn
and then Congress will use Nazi sites, or regular porn sites, or sites that
collect personal information as an excuse and justification for censorship.
That's why you should attack the censors (and the real child molestors),
not those trading dirty JPEGs.
Also, I see a lot of uninformed rants on this list about "we must uphold
child porn laws." Few people seem to realize that the long-standing Federal
child porn law outlawed *pictures of dancing girls wearing leotards*. I'm
not making this up. No nudity. No breasts. Certainly no genitals. But the
Supreme Court upheld the conviction in the Knox case. Now the law is even
worse, since it criminalizes morphed images that *look* like kids in
leotards, even if the models were 25-year old adults.
Be cautious when praising such laws.
Perhaps because Customs has nothing to do with enforcement of domestic
laws? I hope you're not proposing expanding the police powers of the Feds.
I mean, your friend is doing the equivalent of asking the National Park
Service why she isn't getting her welfare checks on time.
Excuse me, but what is "rape porn?" What, a picture of two people having
sex that's titled "rape?"
Not quite. Just like those pictures of a 40 year old guy and a 20 year old
girl having "incest sex," it's a fantasy. Free speech. Don't sweat it. Let
others enjoy their fantasies.

@_date: 1997-06-12 04:47:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Money magazine on digital cash 
As some of you know, I work in the Washington bureau of Time Inc., which is
home not just to Time Magazine and AllPolitics but also People and Money.
Some folks down the hall at Money are working on an article about digital
cash and the Net and would like to interview some folks who might have
something interesting to say. Keep in mind the magazine's focus is on
personal finance. If you're interested let me know and I'll forward your
names and contact info.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-12 04:49:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Flag burning vote TOMORROW and government-imposed ratings 
under heavy pressure to appoint a panel to devise a system of ratings to
replace the ratings that the networks have voluntarily adopted.  More than
300 of the 355 e-mail comments received by the FCC have been from
individuals and groups urging greater censorship of TV.
know that they can e-mail their views to the FCC?  Their messages, which
needn't be long or formal, should be sent to vchip at fcc.gov as soon as
possible. against a government-mandated TV rating system.  Its website, the Free
Expression Clearing House,  has a lot of current
information on the TV ratings fight.

@_date: 1997-06-12 21:34:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Flag burning vote TOMORROW and government-imposed ratings 
Jut woke up, but I would argue "no." This would be the first
constitutional weakening of the First Amendment ever. Hardly a move that
strengthens free speech protections.

@_date: 1997-06-13 07:11:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
The Netly News
June 12, 1997
Privacy? What Privacy?
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     I have a confession to make: Unlike many of my
civil libertarian colleagues, I believe you have no
general right to privacy online. Sure, you have the
right to protect your personal data, but you shouldn't
be able to stop someone else from passing along that
information if you let it leave your computer. That's
your responsibility.
     So you can imagine my dismay when I learned I'd
be sitting through four full days of Federal Trade
Commission hearings this week on Internet privacy. The
commission's goal? To define "privacy rights" for the
Net -- and to be perhaps the first federal agency to
regulate it. The commissioners are being spurred on by
consumer groups that want the government to bar firms
from collecting information about your online
wanderings. Businesses say that such a rule would
stifle Internet advertising and commerce and have
recently released a flurry of self-regulatory
     Which is one reason why I think there is no
general right to privacy -- at least as the consumer
groups and privacy advocates describe it. Rotenberg
likes to say "Privacy is not an absolute right, but a
fundamental right." But in truth, privacy is not a
right but a preference: Some people want more of it
than others.
     Of course there's an essential right to privacy
from the government. (Beware government databases:
Nazis used census data in Germany and Holland to track
down and eliminate undesirables.) You also have a
right to privacy from Peeping Toms.
     But -- no matter how much big-government
fetishists want this to be true -- you don't own
information about yourself. After all, journalists are
able to investigate someone's private life and publish
an article -- even if it contains embarrassing
personal details. This is a good thing: Any
restrictions would weaken the First Amendment. Then
there's gossip, which is a time-honored way of trading
in others' personal information. "The reindeer-herding
Lapps, for whom theft of livestock is easy and common,
gossip about who has stolen which animal and where
they are," sociologist Sally Engle Merry writes.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-13 12:41:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Andrew Shapiro on privacy rights in The Nation 
Interesting piece.  I made a somewhat similar point about how the
"siliconaires" (nice coinage) are manipuating the crypto debate at the
expense of those making pure privacy arguments.  This was in an article
focusing mostly on a slightly different topic: this idea of the "market for
privacy." Knowing your faith in markets, I doubt we'll agree on this one,
but you may find my critique interesting -- and worth mentioning to the
list.  Given the news on P3 and OPS, the "market solution" will no doubt be
discussed at the FTC hearing this week.
See Andrew L. Shapiro
Fellow, The Twentieth Century Fund
Contributing Editor, The Nation
41 East 70th Street
New York, NY 10021
ashapiro at interport.net
work: +1 212 452 7725

@_date: 1997-06-13 23:42:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
I suppose I am scum, at least by Ray's definition.
But let me ask this question: if someone *did* post my credit card/bank
records online through an anonymous remailer, what recourse would I have?
What recourse should I have?

@_date: 1997-06-13 23:46:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Cartoon Decency Act? from the Netly News 
The Netly News Network
June 13, 1997
The Cartoon Decency Act?
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        We all know what threats confront our children today: War.
   Hunger. Poverty. Ignorance. But animated cartoon characters on the
   Net?
        Actually, the Center for Media Education and its allies ignored
   the others and just zeroed in on the looming menace of Net-toons
   yesterday during the Federal Trade Commission's interminable privacy
   hearings. CME's Shelley Pasnik warned, "Animated product
   spokescharacters are coming into our childrens' computers... Parents
   are deeply troubled by the intrusive nature of the online [world]
   coming into our homes." Hadn't she read Kurt Anderson's editorial in
   The New Yorker this week, that the onslaught of 'toons signals a
   cultural renaissance in the U.S.? Doh!
        The Center for Media's alarums sound familiar. Supporters of the
   notorious Communications Decency Act cried that "pornography is coming
   into our home computers" and used the same excuse of "protecting
   children" to justify passing the law.

@_date: 1997-06-13 23:46:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Responses to "there's no general right to privacy" 
Free speech is not a right but a preference.  Some people want more of it
than others.
Because your job would be easier if there were less privacy, we
all should suffer?  Consider yourself flamed.
Barney Wolff  I endorse Declan's comments here, and most of what he says about privacy --
in particular that there is no general (read "universally applicable")
right to privacy.
There are, however, some particular rights to privacy in the United States
that are worth maintaining and protecting into the next century.
As against the government, these include (but are not limited to) one's
4th, 5th, and 6th Amendment rights that limit what the government can do to
violate your privacy.
As against other individuals and private entities, these include (but are
not limited to) the rights protected under the invasion-of-privacy torts,
and the restrictions on private companies' secondary use of transactional
These carveouts from the general presumption articulated by Declan are
generally supported by the American public, and have been reasonably well
harmonized with First Amendment law. And they've stood the test of time.
Most privacy advocates I know, when they're talking about privacy, are
talking about these carveouts -- both as they exist now and as they will
need to evolve in the decades to come.
It should be noted that efforts like the EFF-originated ETrust program (now
called Trust-E thanks to a trademark dispute) are not based on "rights,"
but on the creation of incentives to inform the public about the use of
their personal information. As such, they sidestep the "right to privacy"
discussion altogether.
Which is probably just as well, given the quasi-theological taste such
legal discussions tend to have.

@_date: 1997-06-13 23:56:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
Oh, and at least read the whole article.
   Privacy? What Privacy?
   by Declan McCullagh   June 12, 1997
        I have a confession to make: Unlike many of my civil libertarian
   colleagues, I believe you have no general right to privacy online.
   Sure, you have the right to protect your personal data, but you
   shouldn't be able to stop someone else from passing along that
   information if you let it leave your computer. That's your
   responsibility.
        So you can imagine my dismay when I learned I'd be sitting
   through four full days of Federal Trade Commission hearings this week
   on Internet privacy. The commission's goal? To define "privacy rights"
   for the Net -- and to be perhaps the first federal agency to regulate
   it. The commissioners are being spurred on by consumer groups that
   want the government to bar firms from collecting information about
   your online wanderings. Businesses say that such a rule would stifle
   Internet advertising and commerce and have recently released a flurry
   of self-regulatory proposals.
        "At what point do we trigger some concern?" FTC Commissioner
   Christine Varney asked on Tuesday, the first day of the hearing. "Is
   there any circumstance under which access to the information that
   exists should be restricted?"
        Evan Hendricks from Privacy Times responded: "We see there's a
   huge problem developing with personal information over the Internet."
   EPIC's Marc Rotenberg added later: "We are selling information today
   that 10 years ago would not be bought and sold. The law has not kept
   up with these developments."
        Yet this misses the point. Protecting your personal privacy
   online is your responsibility. Turn off cookies. Don't give out your
   home address. Educate your children. Use the Anonymizer. Stay away
   from web sites you don't trust. You, not the federal government,
   should make these decisions.
        Which is one reason why I think there is no general right to
   privacy -- at least as the consumer groups and privacy advocates
   describe it. Rotenberg likes to say "Privacy is not an absolute right,
   but a fundamental right." But in truth, privacy is not a right but a
   preference: Some people want more of it than others.
        Of course there's an essential right to privacy from the
   government. (Beware government databases: Nazis used census data in
   Germany and Holland to track down and eliminate undesirables.) You
   also have a right to privacy from Peeping Toms.
        But -- no matter how much big-government fetishists want this to
   be true -- you don't own information about yourself. After all,
   journalists are able to investigate someone's private life and publish
   an article -- even if it contains embarrassing personal details. This
   is a good thing: Any restrictions would weaken the First Amendment.
   Then there's gossip, which is a time-honored way of trading in others'
   personal information. "The reindeer-herding Lapps, for whom theft of
   livestock is easy and common, gossip about who has stolen which animal
   and where they are," sociologist Sally Engle Merry writes.
        "Fencing off information behind a newly-created wall of 'privacy
   rights' has obvious free speech implications," says Solveig Bernstein,
   a lawyer at the Cato Institute. "The government has no business
   telling private firms whether they can share information about events
   and people."
        Fortunately, you have some options. Say you walk into Radio Shack
   and that teenager behind the counter wants your home address. You have
   three choices: Convince the guy he doesn't need it, ask the government
   to force him not to require it -- or leave.
        Yes, leave. The same with a virtual storefront on a web site. If
   you don't like what information it records about you, or you're unsure
   about its privacy policies, take your browser elsewhere. Vote with
   your mouse button.
        New technologies will make this easy. Yesterday at the FTC
   hearing the Electronic Frontier Foundation unveiled TRUSTe, which is a
   privacy rating system for web sites where three types of icons
   indicate what a web site does with your personal information. Firms
   display the appropriate icon and agree to spot checks and audits to
   ensure they comply.
        "We're trying to foster honesty, not regulation. We're trying to
   foster the ability of the consumer to make a choice," EFF chairman
   Esther Dyson said. "If companies find people don't want to do business
   with them because of free exchange, they'll offer that option."
        That's exactly right, and that's why TRUSTe is such a good idea.
   Unlike FTC regulations that end at national borders, TRUSTe's icons
   can appear on overseas sites and foster electronic commerce globally.
        Indeed, most Americans prefer nongovernmental solutions. A Lou
   Harris survey announced yesterday said 70 percent of the public
   believes the private sector, not the feds, should take the lead in
   protecting privacy online. "By 2 to 1 the responses say business is
   more likely to be trusted to do good in this area," says pollster
   Stanley Greenberg. "When asked about a privacy commission that would
   take a regulatory approach, two thirds were against such a measure."
        But somehow, I doubt the FTC will take the hint.   *

@_date: 1997-06-14 00:19:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
It's sad but not surprising that Ray didn't even bother to read the
article before saying "FUCK YOU." Talk about clueless...
He still misunderstands my position. I'm saying you have no property right
in information others collect about you.
How many loons have used newspaper reports to stalk their victims?
Great. You want Congress to pass a law that says "Netscape shall release
no more buggy browsers." Yeah, and mandate that pi is 3.14, right? I'm not saying that people have a "right to surf (?) it without your
permission." That's a violation of your property rights, a trespass. But
if you connect to my web site, I should be allowed to record whatever info
leaks from your computer. Don't like it? Cut the flow or don't come.

@_date: 1997-06-14 00:23:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
Again Ray misses the point. It's your responsibility to protect your
privacy. Choose credit card companies that protect it and you can enforce
this "right to privacy" through contract law. Ordering toilets on your
cards is already fraud. Nobody's saying someone should be allowed to break into your computer.
But by all means, beat that straw man some more.

@_date: 1997-06-14 00:31:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
Far from it. My position is a principled one, not one of convenience.
As a civil libertarian, for instance, I would not support laws that give
certain journalists more free speech "rights" than a Net-loon with a web

@_date: 1997-06-14 01:52:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato forum on federal law enforcement 
NEWS MEDIA ALERT
WHAT:	
Book Forum
No more Wacos: What's wrong with federal law enforcement and how to fix it
WHY:	
On April 19, 1993, federal agents conducted a deadly raid on the Branch
Davidian compound at Waco, Texas. The Waco raid was the largest raid in the history of the
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms; it was the largest federal armed entry ever of an
American home; and it resulted in the largest number of deaths of law enforcement officers in a
single operation as well as the largest number of civilian deaths in a law enforcement
operation. In No More Wacos,
Kopel and Blackman maintain that what happened at Waco was neither a
conspiracy nor a fluke. The Waco tragedy instead represents the worst-case scenario of
problems that still plague federal law enforcement, including lax procedures involving search warrant
applications and the
militarization of police tactics. The authors will discuss why such
tragedies occur-and how future Wacos can be prevented.
WHEN:	
4-6 p.m., Thursday, June 19
WHERE:	
F.A. Hayek Auditorium
Cato Institute
1000 Massachusetts Ave. NW
Washington, DC
WHO:	 	
David B. Kopel
Independence Institute
Paul H. Blackman
National Rifle Association
HOW:		
RSVP to Robin Hulsey, at 202-789-5293 or rhulsey at cato.org

@_date: 1997-06-16 05:53:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Cartoon Decency Act, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network
June 13, 1997
The Cartoon Decency Act?
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        We all know what threats confront our children today: War.
   Hunger. Poverty. Ignorance. But animated cartoon characters on the
   Net?
        Actually, the Center for Media Education and its allies ignored
   the others and just zeroed in on the looming menace of Net-toons
   yesterday during the Federal Trade Commission's interminable privacy
   hearings. CME's Shelley Pasnik warned, "Animated product
   spokescharacters are coming into our childrens' computers... Parents
   are deeply troubled by the intrusive nature of the online [world]
   coming into our homes." Hadn't she read Kurt Anderson's editorial in
   The New Yorker this week, that the onslaught of 'toons signals a
   cultural renaissance in the U.S.? Doh!
        The Center for Media's alarums sound familiar. Supporters of the
   notorious Communications Decency Act cried that "pornography is coming
   into our home computers" and used the same excuse of "protecting
   children" to justify passing the law.
        Next came Michael Brody from the American Academy of Child and
   Adolescent Psychiatry, who cranked up the rhetoric even more. "Ronald
   McDonald is so very busy in a cyberspace with no child rules. With
   entertainment and advertising totally merged, Ronald exploits children
   easily," Brody said. "Cholesterol is not the real public health menace
   on Ronald's web site, but the invasion and destruction of a child's
   fantasy life." Good thing he hadn't seen HotWired's Cocktail site.

@_date: 1997-06-17 03:36:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan as a Budding Washington Insider 
What I found interesting about Tim's comments above is how he neglects to
mention libertarians. Certainly he realizes my "ideological bearings" are
much closer to libertarianism than conservatism or modern liberalism.
Do the folks at the Cato Institute, the Competitive Enterprise Institute,
IFJ, IHS, or AEI "lose their ability to see in simple terms?" I suggest not.
PS: Details about negotiations and who's-backing-what-bill and what the
political tradeoffs will be are often astoundingly complex. But the
underlying principles remain crystal-clear: government out of our private

@_date: 1997-06-17 05:32:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACLU/EPIC: First Amendment Pledge Campaign 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                          JOINT PRESS RELEASE:
                     American Civil Liberties Union
                Electronic Privacy Information Center
               ACLU, EPIC Call on Congress and Clinton to
                   "Take the First Amendment Pledge"
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Monday, June 16, 1997
Emily Whitfield, ACLU Nat'l Office
(212) 549-2566
emilyaclu at aol.com
David Sobel, EPIC
(202) 544-9240
sobel at epic.org
NEW YORK -- As the nation awaits a Supreme Court decision on the
future of free speech on the Internet, the American Civil Liberties
Union and the Electronic Privacy Information Center today launched
 a website dedicated to upholding the First
Amendment in cyberspace.
The groups called on President Clinton and members of Congress to be
among the first to "Take the First Amendment Pledge" and cease any
further attempts to draft legislation to censor the Internet in the
event the Supreme Court upholds a lower court decision striking down
government regulation of the Internet as unconstitutional.
"In our view there is no such thing as a 'Constitution-proof' law
criminalizing so-called indecency in cyberspace," said Chris Hansen,
ACLU Senior Staff Attorney and lead counsel in Reno v. ACLU.
The launch of the website comes as Clinton Administration officials
have begun publicly discussing a shift in policy on Internet
regulation, saying that "industry self-regulation" -- not laws
criminalizing certain Internet communications -- is the solution to
shielding minors from online "indecency."
Hansen added that if the Administration had indeed adopted such a
policy, it is obligated to announce it to the Court before they rule
in the case. "If the report in this morning's New York Times is
indeed true, it would appear that the Clinton Administration is
preparing to take the 'Pledge,'" Hansen said.
Reno v. ACLU challenges censorship provisions of the Communications
Decency Act aimed at protecting minors by criminalizing so-called
"indecency" on the Internet. The ACLU, along with EPIC and 18 other
plaintiffs, filed a challenge to the law the day it was enacted. A
ruling on the case could come as soon as Thursday, June 19, the next
scheduled day for release of Supreme Court decisions.
"Attempts to censor the Net will not end with the Supreme Court
decision ," said David Sobel, legal counsel for EPIC and co- counsel
in Reno v. ACLU. "Proponents of Internet content regulation have
already indicated their desire to take a 'second bite of the apple'
if the Communications Decency Act is struck down."
In anticipation of such new attempts at online censorship, visitors
to  are invited to "Take the First Amendment
Pledge," which reads: "I pledge to support free speech and free
expression for all Americans and to urge Congress to uphold the
First Amendment to the United States Constitution and pass no law
abridging our freedom of speech."
Online users can capture the "First Amendment Pledge" GIF (graphic
image file) for placement on their own website. Other features
planned for the site include an "action alert" that informs users of
legislative threats to the First Amendment and allows them to
instantly e-mail or fax their member of Congress, and an online
"postcard" that can be e-mailed to friends, relatives and elected
officials, urging them to "Take the Pledge."
The ACLU is a nationwide, non-partisan organization dedicated to
defending and preserving the Bill of Rights for all individuals
through litigation, legislation and public education. The ACLU can
be found online at  and through America Online at
keyword: ACLU.
EPIC is a non-profit, education and research organization based in
Washington, D.C. EPIC examines civil liberties and privacy issues
that arise in new electronic media. It maintains a website at

@_date: 1997-06-17 05:35:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan as a Budding Washington Insider 
Fair enough. I was being overly sensitive.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-18 08:02:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan as a Crime Beat Reporter 
and the Brown Derby are long shuttered.  So is Scandia and Cock 'n Bull. About the only old-line place of that type left is Tam O'Shanter. Joe Shea
The American Reporter
joeshea at netcom.com

@_date: 1997-06-19 02:00:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House Science hearing TOMORROW on NIST computer security act (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Subcommittee on Technology
Legislative Hearing on the Computer Security Enhancement Act of 1997
Thursday, June 19th 1997
10:00 AM to 12:00 Noon
2318 Rayburn House Office Building
The Honorable Gary Bachula					Stephen T. Walker
Acting Under Secretary for Technology				President and CEO
Technology Administration					Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
Department of Commerce					Glenwood, MD
Washington, DC						
Whitfield Diffie							President & CEO
Distinguished Engineer						Redwood City, CA
Sun Microsystems						
Mountain View, CA
Marc Rotenberg
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Washington, DC
..													
Hearing Purpose:  The Hearing will focus on the provisions of the Computer Security
Enhancement Act of 1997.  The bill amends the Computer Security Act of
1987 (P.L.  100-235).  The Computer Security Act 1987of gave NIST the
lead responsibility for computer security for Federal civilian agencies.
 The act requires NIST to develop the standards and guidelines needed to
ensure cost-effective security and privacy of sensitive information in
Federal computer systems.  Background: The Computer Security Enhancement Act will strengthen the
National Institute of Standards and Technology's (NIST's ) historic role
in computer security established by the Computer Security Act.  The bill
updates the decade-old act while giving NIST the tools it requires to
ensure that appropriate attention and effort is concentrated on securing
our Federal information technology infrastructure.
What the Bill Does:  The Computer Security Enhancement Act updates the Computer Security Act
to take into account the evolution of computer networks and their use by
both the Federal Government and the private sector.  Specifically, the
security enhancement act:
1.	Requires NIST to promote the acquisition of off-the-shelf products
for meeting civilian agency computer security needs.  This measure
should reduce the cost and improve the availability of computer security
technologies to Federal agencies. 2.	Increases the input of the independent Computer System Security and
Privacy Advisory Board into NIST's decision-making process.  The board,
which is made up of  representatives from industry, federal agencies and
other outside experts, should assist NIST in its development of
standards and guidelines for Federal systems.
3.	Requires NIST to develop standardized tests and procedures to
evaluate the strength of foreign encryption products.  Through such
tests and procedures, NIST, with assistance from the private sector,
will be able to judge the relative strength of foreign encryption,
thereby defusing some of the concerns associated with the export of
domestically produced encryption products. 4.	Limits NIST's involvement to the development of standards and
guidelines for Federal civilian systems and not for the private sector.
The bill clarifies that NIST standards and guidelines are to be used for
the acquisition of security technologies for the Federal government and
are not intended as restrictions on the production or use of encryption
by the private sector.
5.	Updates the Computer Security Act to address changes in technology
over the last decade.  Significant changes in the manner in which
information technology is used by the Federal government have occurred
since the enactment of the Computer Security Act.  The bill updates the
Act, taking these changes into account.
6.	Establishes a new computer science fellowship program for graduate
and undergraduate students studying computer security.  The bill sets
aside $250,000 a year, for each of the next two fiscal years, to enable
NIST to finance computer security fellowships under an existing NIST
grant program.
7.	Requires the National Research Council to conduct a study to assess
the desirability of, and the technology required to, support public key
infrastructures.

@_date: 1997-06-19 03:34:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan as a Crime Beat Reporter 
I was far from offended by Tim's post; in fact, I thought it was hilarious.
But perhaps I will come up with a "Day in the Life of Tim 'Lock and Load'
May, renegade cypherpunk, millionaire playboy, and curmudgeonly
crypto-anarchist." Anyone want to join me in writing it?

@_date: 1997-06-19 07:31:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Award from Computer Press Ass'n (shameless self-congratulation) 
I just learned that Brock Meeks and I won the top award for "Best Online
Feature" from the Computer Press Association during its 12th annual awards
ceremony in New York City. Our winning article was the investigative story
"Keys to the Kingdom" that exposed the hidden agendas of so-called blocking
software programs. It ran in CyberWire Dispatch last July.
The judges said we had:
 "produced an investigative piece on a serious and important
 subject--a rare feat in any media.  'Keys to the Kingdom' revealed
 that parental control software--which ostensibly filters out
 pornographic Internet sites--actually restricts access to all
 types of material both innocuous and important.  Thus, software
 users unwittingly restrict their rights of free speech and access
 to information.  This story, colorfully written and packed with
 details, raised this important issue to the online community and
 resulted in high profile follow-ups with mainstream media such as
 the Washington Post, New York Times and the Wall St. Journal."
Our article is at:
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-19 20:53:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-compromises in Washington: Burns offers ProCODE II 
Rocke Verser's announcement couldn't have come at a
more embarrassing time for the White House. At 3:46 pm
yesterday, after five months of painstaking work, the
Colorado computer consultant fired off an excited
message to the DES challenge mailing list: "WE FOUND IT!"
Verser was talking about his group's successful crack
of a message scrambled with the 56-bit DES encryption
standard. When subjected to the massive computing
power of thousands of machines around the globe, the
enciphered message finally yielded the secret phrase,
"Strong cryptography makes the world a safer place."
That's exactly what the Clinton administration didn't
want to hear. For years top government officials have
argued the opposite, that strong cryptography makes
the world a less secure place where criminals and
terrorists can scheme with impunity. The White House
has long wanted to ensure that it can listen in to all
electronic communications through schemes like "key
escrow" or the Clipper Chip.
Today the Senate Commerce committee is scheduled to
vote on two competing crypto-bills, one backed by the
White House and one backed by industry and some
privacy groups. And now, I've learned, some of
cryptography's most loyal supporters on the Hill are
talking about cutting a deal...
I ran into Jim Bidzos, head of RSA Data Security
(which sponsored the DES challenge), at a party in the
Watergate last night. "Export regulations are a
dinosaur," he said. "But it's a dinosaur that'll take
out a lot of the city during its death struggles."
Bidzos is testifying before a House Science panel
today and plans to stress the problems of 56-bit DES;
only 128-bit DES is generally regarded as reasonably
Washington is a city of complexity, painful
complexity, when it comes to encryption. Three
different lawsuits are challenging the
constitutionality of last year's Federal
crypto-regulations. This year's Commerce Department
regulations add up to an eye-straining 16,000 words.
Four different bills are moving through Congress, and
the legislative jockeying is even more abstruse.
But throughout this muddle, one point remains clear:
The Clinton administration wants to hold on to the
status quo as long as possible. That means no judicial
or legislative tinkering -- and, above all, no general
lifting of export controls on encryption products.
Even as officials admit privately that attempts to
prop up these Cold War rules are eventually doomed,
they argue publicly that removing the rules would be
catastrophic. "The proliferation of unbreakable
encryption would seriously and fundamentally
threaten... critical and central public safety
interests," FBI director Louis Freeh said earlier this
For Freeh, the best way to stall for time was to take
the battle to Congress. Earlier this week Sen. Bob
Kerrey (D-Neb.) and Sen. John McCain introduced a bill
that included everything Freeh and the White House
desired: sections creating new Federal crimes for some
uses of crypto and an all-but-mandatory key escrow
infrastructure. The goal: to facilitate government
access to any private data.
Privacy advocates leaped to savage it. "The bill
threatens any prospect of privacy and security in
electronic commerce and on the Internet by opening a
huge window of vulnerability to the private data and
communications of encryption users," the Center for
Democracy and Technology cried. EPIC's Dave Banisar
told me it was a "poison pill strategy designed to
kill" pro-crypto legislation.
The many problems with the bill normally would be bad
enough, but it's zooming through Congress at an almost
supersonic velocity. Thanks to the sponsorship of
McCain, the powerful Senate commerce committee chair,
the committee is scheduled to vote on it today,
without even holding hearings. This could mean the
death of a bill introduced last year, then
reintroduced this year by Sen. Conrad Burns (R-Mont.).
Called "ProCODE," privacy advocates say it's the best
of all the crypto bills in Congress (but then again,
that's not saying much).
In Washington politics, perhaps the worst thing that
can be said about you is that you're unwilling to
compromise. So it should come as no surprise that the
McCain-Kerrey bill prompted Burns himself to offer a
substitute ProCODE bill that will be unveiled at the
markup session today. "People would say Burns hasn't
moved on this issue and he's not willing to
compromise. He needs to put something on the table so
he can credibly say he has a compromise too. Otherwise
it seems like he's not willing to play the game," one
Hill observer told me yesterday.
"ProCODE II" would allow the export of up to 56-bit
DES -- yes, the very same bit length that was cracked
yesterday -- only in some circumstances and give the
FBI and the CIA more of a say on an encryption panel
the bill creates, sources say. (For their part, Burns'
staff characterizes it as having only "slight
differences" from ProCODE I.)
This legislative jockeying takes place against a
backdrop of rivalries between Burns and McCain that
stretch far beyond encryption. Burns introduced an
amendment on a spectrum auction bill that gutted
McCain's proposal. A recent National Journal story
played up the rift, and only resulted in widening it.
McCain's insistence on endorsing the administration's

@_date: 1997-06-20 02:32:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FYI: Who owns Sen. Kerrey (LONG) 
I suggest you wonder about McCain and Kerry-without-the-e.

@_date: 1997-06-20 04:32:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senate panel nixes ProCODE II, approves McCain-Kerrey bill 
In the end, it was child pornography that derailed
encryption legislation in the U.S. Senate and dealt a
bitter defeat to crypto supporters. Spurred by the
chairman's denunciations of cyberporn, a majority of
the Senate Commerce Committee rejected ProCODE II this
morning -- and instead approved a bill introduced
earlier this week that creates new Federal crimes for
some uses of crypto and an all-but-mandatory key
escrow infrastructure.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), committee chair and chief
sponsor of the measure, led the attack, saying
Congress must "stop child pornography on the Internet
and Internet gambling. These legitimate law
enforcement concerns cannot and should not be
overlooked or taken lightly."
He warned that allowing encryption to be exported
would permit child pornographers to use it. "If it's
being used for child pornography? Are we going to say
that's just fine? That's it's just business? I don't
think so."
Then Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchinson (R-Tex.) chimed in,
saying she doesn't want "children to have access to
pornography or other bad types of information."
Sen. John Ashcroft (R-MO) tried to disagree. "It's like
photography. We're not going to [ban] photography if
someone takes dirty pictures." (At this point, one of
the more deaf committee members asked, "Pornography?
Are we going to ban pornography?")
Between the child-porn attack team of senators McCain,
Hollings, Kerry, and Frist, ProCODE sponsor Sen. Sen.
Conrad Burns (R-Mont.) didn't stand a chance. Hunched
over the microphone, Burns was outmaneuvered,
outprepared, and outgunned on almost every point.
Nevertheless, he introduced ProCODE II -- a so-called
compromise measure -- and was defeated 8-12. The
changes from ProCODE I gave the NSA, FBI, and CIA
oversight over crypto exports and permitted only the
export of up to 56-bit crypto products without key
escrow. Products of any strength with key escrow could
be exported freely.
That's hardly a pro-privacy, pro-encryption bill, says
the ACLU's Don Haines. "The ProCODE vote shows the
political bankruptcy of the pro-business agenda. Even
in the Commerce Committee, commerce arguments didn't
work," he says.
The committee also approved amendments proposed by
Kerry that would give jurisdiction over crypto exports
to a nine-member "Encryption Export Advisory Board."
The panel would "evaluate whether [a] market exists
abroad" and make non-binding recommendations to the
Frist also introduced amendments to the McCain-Kerrey
bill that were accepted:
* Requiring that not any Federally-funded
  communications network, but only ones established "for
  transaction of government business" would use key
  escrow -- thereby jumpstarting the domestic market.
* "Requirements for a subpoenas [sic] should be no
  less stringent for obtaining keys, then [sic] for any
  other subpoenaed materials."
* Key recovery can mean recovering only a portion of
 the key "such as all but 40 bits of the key."
* NIST after consulting with DoJ and DoD will "publish
  a reference implementation plan for key recovery
  systems;" the law will not take effect until the
  president tells Congress such a study is complete.
After the vote, advocacy groups tried to put a good
face on the devastating loss -- and an expensive
defeat it was. After 15 months of lobbying, countless
hearings, backroom dealmaking, and political capital
spent, ProCODE is gutted and dead. "There's another
day. We have confidence in the system," said BSA's
Robert Holleyman. CDT's Jerry Berman said, "What is
encouraging is that unlike the CDA other committees
are getting involved."
Of course, the involvement of other committees is only
likely to add more key escrow provisions and
limitations on crypto-exports. ProCODE's replacement

@_date: 1997-06-20 13:16:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 3.08 - Senate Committee Approves Key  Crypto Bill (fwd) 
Um, ok. Can you explain your view?
Poly Sci 101: McCain is the chairman of the committee, and as a result
yields a lot of power over the agendas of all the committee members.  When
a member crosses the chairman,  he or she takes a risk of not getting
support for his or her priorities.  If the chairman doesn't support your
bill, it ain't gonna pass. Period.
Chairman, on the other hand, don't like to loose.  If they bring a bill to
a vote, it's because they know they can win either by passing the bill or
making a political statement. And the chairman holds all the cards in the
If a committee member disagrees with the chairman, and takes a risk by
voting that way, he or she needs to have something to be *for*.  Otherwise,
he or she is just going to appear to be a big pain in the ass. It's very
difficult in the real world to be *against* something but *for* nothing.
Like it or not , and no matter how much we yell and scream about it, most
members of Congress do not fully agree with your position and do not
support complete and total de-control of encryption. While a lot of them
support the SAFE approach (which I know you don't think goes far enough
either) - neither the Commerce Committee members, or anyone else for that
matter, are going to just stand up and say NO to their Chairman without
having anything to be *for*.
This process is raw and smelly, I know, but it's also called Democracy.
I am curious to hear your view on this.
But before we get all caught up in the old jihad between "the purists" and
the "pragmatists", just think about this for a moment:  If we are going to
have a prayer of getting out of this Congress without getting stuck with
manditory key recovery, we have to at least recognize where we fit in to
the overall equation and how the system actually works.  We can do a lot to
impact the outcome of this issue -- but not if we are operating in a
different area code from reality.
  * Value Your Privacy? The Government Doesn't.  Say 'No' to Key Escrow! *
            Adopt Your Legislator -  Jonah Seiger, Communications Director                  (v) +1.202.637.9800
Center for Democracy and Technology                 pager: +1.202.859.2151
                                      PGP Key via finger

@_date: 1997-06-20 19:12:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 3.08 - Senate Committee Approves Key    Crypto  Bill 
Jonah Seiger , Declan McCullagh ,
    sameer A little more of polisci 101:
These 8 members of Congress didn't just vote in our favor here, they've
placed crypto on an agenda at a higher level than something else they
wanted to get through the committee.  Imagine being Sen. Burns, and knowing
that you have just placed your own agenda at risk in order to stand up for
crypto, knowing there's a non-neglible chance you might lose.
By sheer definition, you've placed crypto on your agenda higher than
something else.  Not only am I really damn happy to see this, but very
happy to know that 8 senators think so little of the key recovery that
they'd jeapordize their own agendas for it.
We owe them a great big debt of thanks, not the derision that goes with
Alice in Wonderland political punditry.

@_date: 1997-06-21 05:01:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Courts strike down New York and Georgia Net-censorship laws 
Two Federal courts ruled today in separate decisions
that state laws in New York and Georgia restricting
speech on the Internet are unconstitutional.
In a 62-page ruling, Judge Loretta Preska of
Manhattan's Federal district court struck down a New
York state Net-censorship law that restricted online
material that might be "harmful to minors," saying
that a single state couldn't pass laws that apply to
the entire Internet.
"The Internet may well be the premiere technological
innovation of the present age," Preska said. "Judges
and legislators faced with adapting existing legal
standards to the novel environment of cyberspace
struggle with terms and concepts that the average
American five-year old tosses about with breezy
In Georgia, Judge Marvin Shoob ruled that a state law
forbidding anonymity online is unconstitutional since
it violates free speech and free association rights.
The law is so broadly written, the judge indicated,
that even America Online screen names could be
considered illegal.
This represents a stunning victory for the American
Civil Liberties Union ( which
filed both lawsuits. Judge Shoob "understood clearly
the very strong need for our plaintiffs to communicate
anonymously," the ACLU's Ann Beeson says. Both judges
issued preliminary injunctions barring the state
attorneys general from enforcing the laws.
But the rulings differ in important ways. Manhattan's
Judge Preska did not answer whether the New York law
violated the First Amendment, saying she was going to
wait for the U.S. Supreme Court's to rule on the
Communications Decency Act. She said, however, that
she didn't *need to answer* that question to strike
down the law since it violated the U.S. Constitution's
ban on states attempts to regulate commerce outside
their borders.
This is an vital point: The court ruled that no state,
no matter how hard the legislators try, generally can
regulate "indecent" or "harmful to minors" material
online. "I cannot stretch enough the importance of
this conclusion," Beeson says. These rulings mean that
the ACLU's attempts to strike down other state
Net-censorship laws -- and around two dozen states
have passed or are considering such measures -- will
be a virtual slam dunk.
Georgia's Judge Shoob, in a shorter 21-page opinion,
ruled that the law -- that the Democrat-controlled
legislature passed in haste last year to muzzle
a dissident Republican representative -- violated
the First Amendment.
This echoes a recent Supreme Court case, McIntyre v.
Ohio, in which the justices ruled that the right to
anonymity extends beyond political speech; that
requiring someone to add their name to a leaflet is
unconstitutional; that writing can be more effective
if the speaker's identity is unknown.
Next stop: The Supreme Court, which is almost certain
to rule on the CDA next week...
More info on the Georgia lawsuit:
  More info on the New York state lawsuit:

@_date: 1997-06-21 06:25:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Courts strike down New York and Georgia Net-censorship laws 
Steve -- Believe it or not, yes, state Net-gambling laws could fall under
the dormant commerce clause and be struck down by courts. If they ruled
consistently. I suspect they won't. This is a fascinating area. I'll probably post more about this over the

@_date: 1997-06-21 07:57:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 3.08 - Senate Committee Approves Key Crypto Bill 
The United States is not a pure democracy, it is a constitutional
republic. I believe I have a constitutional right to privacy. I also
believe that I probably have a constitutional right to anonymity. It
doesn't matter what "most senators" think, or indeed what "most Americans"
think, if their thinking is contradicted by the Constitution. We do not
have simple majority rule, here. In fact the founders of the country went out of their way to insure that the simple majority could not easily violate the principles upon which the country was founded.
This can be summarized as "compromise or else." I have never believed that this is an acceptable policy when dealing with people who are ethically impaired. Moreover, it is not even a SENSIBLE policy, from a purely pragmatic point of view. Did ACT-UP adopt a compromising position in order to get what they wanted? Would they have done better if they had agreed to compromise? Of course not. You have no hope of getting even a fraction of what you want, when dealing with the power-crazed yahoos in DC, unless you are willing either to bribe them or be an intransigent extremist. (So it seems to me, anyway.)
The CDT party line always seems to be, "play ball and kiss ass in the hope that legislators will be nice to you." Thanks, but no thanks.

@_date: 1997-06-21 08:12:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 3.08 - Senate Committee Approves Key Crypto Bill 
They did what they did because they thought it was in their interests; otherwise they wouldn't have done it. We owe them nothing, and I am horrified to see this phrase. How much do you owe a parasite that tries to negotiate with other parasites to take slightly less of your blood than they originally expected?
Statements similar to yours have been made so many times, scolding
"extremists" for "not being realistic." I seem to remember something about
extremism in defense of liberty being no vice, and moderation no virtue.
Either way, if you compromise, you don't get what you want. That is
absolutely obvious. So why compromise?

@_date: 1997-06-21 08:21:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Courts strike down New York and Georgia Net-censorship laws 
Pardon me as I muddle through this --
Defamation law looks to local communities to define
things like reputation. What about huge Internet
communities? What about the distinction between public
and private figures?
Wouldn't an even-handed application of the commerce
clause stop states from banning child porn or passing
libel/defamation laws for the Net?
Though I agree that no court would strike down a child
porn law on commerce clause grounds...
Dan Burk has written much about this topic, and I'm
planning to read up on it over the weekend. One of his
law review articles came up during oral arguments before
Judge Preska in NYC.

@_date: 1997-06-21 10:46:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNNFN transcript -- EPIC vs. Family Research Council on CDA 
I'm not looking for any awards, but I thought this
debate with Cathy Cleaver went very well. As I said
earlier, she doesn't expect to win next week.
Geneva                                    CNNFN
                       SHOW: IT'S ONLY MONEY 13:00 pm ET
                   June 20, 1997; Friday 1:17 pm Eastern Time
                          Transcript # 97062002FN-l05
HEADLINE:  Panel Discussion on Internet Pornography Law
GUESTS:  Cathy Cleaver, Bruce Fancher, Marc Rotenberg
BYLINE:  Valerie Morris
    VALERIE MORRIS, CNNfn ANCHOR, IT'S ONLY MONEY: The Supreme Court is
expected to rule on the constitutionality of the Communications Decency
Act, better known as the CDA, sometime next week.  Now, whatever the
outcome, the CDA will set the precedent for all future laws involving
any censoring of material on the Internet. The past year's debate over
the CDA has divided net users into distinct camps of - on issues of
cyber censorship.
    I'm joined today by some important members of those opposing camps,
first of all from our bureau in Washington, Marc Rotenberg, who is
director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.  Marc was a
counsel in challenging the CDA.  And from our bureau in Los Angeles,
Cathy Cleaver, director of legal policy with the Family Research
Council - Cathy co-authored a brief on behalf of members of Congress in
defense of the CDA.  And with me here in our New York studio is our
Generation-X representative on the issue, Bruce Fancher.  Formerly a
computer hacker, now an entreprenuer, Bruce is the president of Online
Evolution Systems.  He is also the co- founder of Digital Liberty,
which is an online civil rights advocacy group.  To all of you,
welcome.      CATHY CLEAVER, DIRECTOR, FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL: Thank you.
    MORRIS: I'd like to start out - Cathy, could you please outline
what the CDA proposes?
    CLEAVER: What the CDA does is make it a crime to knowingly send
indecent material or pornography to known minors and also makes it a
crime to knowingly make it available to minors without taking good
faith steps to try to screen minors out, a very reasonable law, no
censorship involved.  We like that word "censorship." But it's very
similar to other laws restricting adults from selling, giving or
showing pornography to children in other media.
    MORRIS: OK.
    Marc, what's EPIC's response, and what is the challenge with regard
to the CDA from your perspective?
    MARC ROTENBERG, DIRECTOR, EPIC: Well, EPIC and the American Civil
Liberties Union challenged the constitutionality of the bill, and so
far, we've been successful in our litigation.  We've had 2 panels of
judges in New York and Philadelphia that have agreed with us
unanimously that, contrary to what Cathy says, the bill was poorly
drafted.  It sweeps much too broadly.  It tries to prohibit access to
information that the First Amendment has always protected.     MORRIS: All right.
    And now to Bruce, who is here in the studio with me, what's your
stance with regard to the issue?
    BRUCE FANCHER, PRESIDENT, EVOLUTION ONLINE SYSTEMS: My stance is
that, while I think the law is clearly ridiculous and unconstitutional,
I'm inclined to see it a little bit like the British tax on tea in
1776.  So in some sense I hope it is upheld because, sooner or later,
the government is going to try to regulate in Internet and we need to
start developing tools now to make that difficult or impossible,
including moving some of these operations offshore.
    MORRIS: I'm now going to try and facilitate this with all 3 of you
jumping in as you see fit.  I would like to ask Bruce, though, a
follow- up question.     Do you see any business related activity on the net being impacted
dramatically by the CDA?
    FANCHER: Well, my business could potentially be impacted.  We run a
discussion group which is open to anyone who wants to join, and that's
about 10,000 people on it.  And we don't have any control of what the
people say.  So we're vulnerable in that way.
    MORRIS: Cathy, is indecency out of control on the Internet in your
opinion?     CLEAVER: Well, we know that people online that sell pornography,
for instance, is the fastest growing online marketing right now. It's
impossible now to predict what exactly would happen if the CDA were
upheld, but let me tell you, you know, when the CDA was first
presented, online pornographers started checking their material.  They
started screening for children, but then when they won their first
round in the courts, as Eric mentioned, they went back to showing free
pictures of pornography to anyone who came to the site.  So, yes, I
think it should affect business.  Pornography is a booming business
online, but it shouldn't affect the adult's ability to get pornography,
but only children's ability to get pornography, which is what indecency
laws have done for 30 years.     MORRIS: Marc, there are regulations for television, regulations for
radio. How is the Internet different?     ROTENBERG: Well, the Internet is very different from television and
radio.  There is no central licensing.  There is no government review
or authority.  The Internet is much more like a series of
interconnected bookstores or newsstands or libraries, and to understand
just how sweeping the CDA could be in its application, it would
effectively restrict the ability to anyone to publish information on
the Internet, which is why, you know quite frankly, I think the Supreme
Court, when it rules next week, will say no, you can't legislate in
this manner.      CLEAVER: That is truly ridiculous I think, because, listen, we've
got indecency laws that effect all of those areas that he just
mentioned.  So the question.
    ROTENBERG: Cathy, to what (OFF-MIKE)
    CLEAVER: .really is -- the question is just: Should we provide an
exemption in cyberspace to Larry Flint?  Should he be able to sell his
magazines to 12 year olds online?  We, as a society, say no, you can't
do that over the - in a bookstore and you can't rent or sell x- rated
videos to kids in a video stores. Should pornographers have a carte
blanche in cyperspace?  It makes no sense. And the Constitution doesn't
require that.
    Look, free speech is not an absolute right.  We all know that. Adults are not able to exploit children by selling them or giving
pornography anywhere, and they should be able to, and I believe they
won't be able to do that on the Internet.
    MORRIS: The CD.
    ROTENBERG: Valerie.
    MORRIS: Yes?
    ROTENBERG: .if I could ask a question here.
    MORRIS: Yes, you can.
    ROTENBERG: Cathy, how do you think the Supreme Court is going to
rule next week?  I mean, let's just - let's be blunt about this.  Are
they going to side with you and say this type of sweeping legislation
is permissible, or are they going to side with the people who have been
trying to defend free speech online and say, no, you can't do this in
this country, you can't try to impose such draconian legislation and
controls on what other people may see even if you happen to disagree
with it?
    MORRIS: I'm going to ask you both to hold.
    Cathy, I will start with your answer when we come back.  We do need
to take a break right now.  Don't go away.  We will be back with more
on IT'S ONLY MONEY with more on the Communication Decency Act, and when
we return, we'll open up the phones for your questions, the number,
1-800-304-fnet.  Back in a moment.     VALERIE MORRIS, CNNfn ANCHOR, IT'S ONLY MONEY: We are talking about
the Communications Decency Act with Marc Rotenberg who is Director of
Electronic Privacy Information Center and in opposition to the CDA,
Cathy Cleaver who is Director of Legal Policy for the Family Research
Council and a supporter of the CDA, and Bruce Fancher, an entrepreneur,
founder of Evolution Online Systems.  He believes the Internet should
be completely unregulated.     We will be taking your calls.  The number 1-800-304-FNET.
    As we went to break, Cathy, you had been asked a question by Marc,
how do you think the Supreme Court will rule?  Please give us your
answer.       CATHY CLEAVER, DIRECTOR, FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL: Well, one of the
challenges, of course, is to the indecency standard itself, and we can
look to just last year when the Supreme Court upheld the indecency
standard as a constitutional standard, not overly broad and not vague. You know, the decency standard means a patently offensive depiction of
sexual or excretory activities. So, it's not a vague challenge.  So, I
think that's a definite win.  I find it difficult to see how the
Supreme Court would reverse itself, since just last year in the cable
pornography case, it upheld indecency regulation using that standard
for cable.  But also, remember, this law has a lot of good faith
defense that people can use to show pornography to adults but also make
attempts to keep it from children.  That's all the law's ever
    MORRIS: But there are a couple of things-the CDA's being challenged
on a couple of bases.  One is because some say that it's too broad. The other is a standard of decency is unconstitutional, and I think
those are the concerns, Bruce, some of which you had an opinion with
regard to how the Supreme Court is going to rule.  And you say it's
because of the unconstitutional issue?     GBRUCE FANCHER, PRESIDENT, EVOLUTION ONLINE SYSTEMS: Well, I'm not
a lawyer, but from what I've read, it seems to me-my opinion will rule
that it's unconstitutional.  But I'm much less concerned with placing
faith in the political process to protect the Internet than with
developing tools which we can use to effectively protect our privacy
and our right to communicate and engage in trade on the Internet,
regardless of what the government decides to do.
    MORRIS: Because those are also issues.  I mean, we sometimes get
stuck on this one, but the CDA also covers surveillance, encryption and
consumer privacy. But the most immediate concern tends to be this free
speech issue in Cyberspace.     CLEAVER: If I can just jump in, the CDA protects privacy in
Cyberspace.  So, that's how it addresses privacy.  It upholds and
refers to EPIC's privacy provision that it got it in.
    MORRIS: Mark, do you agree?
    MARC ROTENBERG, DIRECTOR, EPIC: I don't know what Cathy's talking
about. We didn't have anything to do with the drafting of the bill. It's bad for privacy.  But let me just say in response to Bruce, while
I'm aware of his concerns and I think there should be good techniques
to protect privacy and liberty online, I have not given up on the
American political system.  I feel very strongly about our
constitutional form of government, and the first amendment in
particular.  And I think next week will in fact be a great victory for
our system of government.  We will preserve liberty in the online
world.     MORRIS: All right, we have a caller, Darren, from Canada, thanks
for joining us. What's your question or comment?
    CALLER: Yes, basically I'm just wondering how this all will be
enforced.     MORRIS: All right, who would like to take that on?  How will the
law be enforced?
    CLEAVER: I can take that.  Just like other laws are enforced, where
first of all, we would require or rely upon, you know, self regulation,
that's what happens now with video stores and magazine stores.  We
require the clerks to abide by the law.  And when they don't, then when
they run afoul of the law, then prosecutors can, you know, bring an
action against them and an investigation.  You know, it's not going to
be like some have suggested that there's going to be some government
Cyberpolice or some sort of government pre-screening of information of
all of that which suggests great privacy violations.  The law doesn't
do that.  This is kind of like Chicken Little.  You know, the sky is
going to fall if the CDA is upheld.  That's just nonsense.     MORRIS: But what it does to and part of the concern is what about
the liability?  Who is going to be liable?  Marc, can you take that
    ROTENBERG: Yes, well, the liability issue here is actually key. You asked the question at the outset, what is the impact on business? The impact would be enormous for anyone who's trying to use the
Internet to get information out.     CLEAVER: Only pornographers.
    ROTENBERG: That's not true, and you know that's not true.
    CLEAVER: That is true.
    ROTENBERG: People engaging in speech, operating chat rooms,
discussion groups.
    CLEAVER: Patently offensive sexual or excretory speech.
    ROTENBERG: Sexual information.  We had people testifying at the
Philadelphia hearing that if they were providing medical information on
breast cancer or to AIDS patients that they faced a risk of prosecution
under the statutes.     CLEAVER: That's just not true.  The indecency definition has never
been applied in that way.  It's never been applied in that way.
    ROTENBERG: The judges who have looked at the CDA heard our
arguments, heard your arguments, have rejected your arguments.  They
don't agree with you, Cathy.     CLEAVER: Well those judges didn't.
    ROTENBERG: And I think it's important to keep that in mind.  We are
going to win next week in the Supreme Court.
    MORRIS: I would like to inject something here, and ask Bruce, with
regard to your business, will the CDA have direct impact on your
business, and especially because you still have online chat rooms?  I
mean, do you see that as a potential area where you could be held
    FANCHER: That's really something that I've been concerned about.  I
haven't consulted a lawyer specifically, but I'm definitely concerned
about it.     MORRIS: OK, we have another caller, Christian, from New York. Thanks for joining us.  What's your question?
    CALLER: Hi, my question is as follows: How can we regulate the
world?  As we know, the Internet is not only one organization located
in the United States. But it's all over the world.  How can we impose
laws to the entire world.  We can't do that.
    FANCHER: That's a very good point, what affect the CDA will have if
it's upheld is it will advance the process which is going to eventually
happen anyway of moving any kind of Internet service or activities
which might be slightly illicit or simply where the proprietors want to
avoid taxation or regulation to other parts of the world, specifically
places like the Caiman Islands, the Bahamas, Anguilla.  It does not
take a lot of resources to run copper wire to a Caribbean island and
operate an Internet server there.  And I'm looking forward to the day
when that's more common.
    ROTENBERG: Bruce, let me say, I'm not looking forward to that day. I think the Internet offers wonderful opportunities for American
business and American citizens and American consumers, and the thought
that we would want a law to pass which would effectively move all of
this activity offshore doesn't seem to me to be something that many
people would be in favor of.
    FANCHER: Well, only the servers have to be offshore.  The people
behind the information can remain in the United States.  As you know,
using encryption, that's perfectly feasible.
    MORRIS: And what about the penalties?  Let's get to that. If the
CDA is upheld by the Supreme Court, what kind of penalties are people
facing?  Are these felonies?
    ROTENBERG: Well, these are criminal sanctions.  I mean, which
includes both fines and the risk of imprisonment.  And one of the other
great concerns that arises when you try to punish people for speech is
always the question how are these decisions going to be made?  What
type of speech is going to trigger, you know-one type of publication
ends you up in jail for 3 years, and another type of publication isn't
prosecuted.  There's always a problem with prosecuting people based on
what they say or what they print.
    MORRIS: I'm going to ask each of you in the last moments that we
have- we have about 20 seconds each to wrap up your point of view.  Can
I start, Cathy, we started with you.  Let's begin this wrap-up with
    CLEAVER: Sure.  The idea that Cyberspace is going to be exempt from
any laws, I think, is just nonsense.  We know that to be the case.  If
Cyberspace, if the Internet is going to survive as a marketing forum
which most of the people want it to be, there are going to have to be
some rules and regulations, some laws against fraud, some laws against
exploitation.  There are laws now against child pornography.  You know,
these are important.  It's important to build this new community in
such a way that we can actually operate with each other as we do with
an amount of trust and an amount of responsibility imposed by laws.
It's just-it's inevitable.  It's going to happen.
    MORRIS: Cathy Cleaver from-the Director of Legal Policy for Family
Research Council.  Thank you very much for adding to today's
    CLEAVER: You're welcome.
    MORRIS: And, Bruce, your comment for a wrap-up.
    FANCHER: Well, I'd like to say to Cathy that 25 years ago the idea
of 100 million personal computers sounded like nonsense.  And 5 years
ago the idea of 40 or 50 million people connected to the Internet
sounded like nonsense.  So, I'd be very careful before making
statements like that.  And I would like to say that I still believe in
the U.S. Constitution, but I believe we need
technological solutions to back it up.
    MORRIS: All right, Bruce Fancher, thank you very much for being
with us. And then the final word, Marc Rotenberg, Director, Electronic
Privacy Information Center.
    ROTENBERG: Well, Valerie, I'm looking forward to next week.  The
Supreme Court is going to rule on a very important case, affecting the
freedom and the future of the Internet.  And it is my hope and my
belief that they're going to take one of the principles that this
country was founded on, a right of individuals to express their views,
even when others may disagree strongly, and protect that right.  It was
established in the 18th century, and I'm hopeful that it will remain
with us in the 21st.  MORRIS: Marc Rotenberg, Director, Electronic Privacy Information
Center.  Thank you to all three of you.  I hope that we can revisit
this issue if not next week, in the very near future.  Thank you all
very much.
    END
LANGUAGE: ENGLISH
LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1997 Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg at epic.org
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-06-22 03:29:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 3.08 - Senate Committee Approves Key Crypto Bill 
I'm much more intersted in looking at the motives not of the minority who
voted for ProCODE II, but at who endorsed the final McCain-Kerrey bill and
reported it out of committee.
Keep in mind that civil liberties and business groups across the spectrum
are unanimous in condemning the McCain-Kerrey bill as evil. But which senators on the full Commerce Committee voted against it? Did
Ashcroft? Did Burns?

@_date: 1997-06-23 12:08:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Post says McCain-Kerrey bill "raises red flags" 
The Washington Post has a long history of endorsing the
Clinton administration's position on export controls of
encryption products. On June 10, 1996 the paper
editorialized that "national security and law enforcement
questions remain too important to be sacrificed lightly."
On July 27, 1996: "Congress should be exceedingly cautious
about getting out ahead of administration concerns on
controls." "Unbreakable codes on the loose strike us as a
real danger, a legitimate reason for tight export
controls," the Post said on October 4, 1996 -- worrying
the White House wasn't strict enough -- and again last month.
But even the Post couldn't quite stomach the McCain-Kerrey
bill that the Senate Commerce committee approved last week.
In an editorial today, the Post said:
Below I've attached five Washington Post editorials
on encryption. Thanks to Alan Olsen, Peter Trei,
and especially John Young for holding on to these
editorials and sending them to me.
Senate Commerce committee and McCain-Kerrey bill:
    Problems with SAFE and ProCODE:
  Kerrey crypto-bill:
  Net Tangle on Privacy
   Sunday, June 22, 1997; Page C06
   The Washington Post
   PITY THE senator or representative who still hasn't quite mastered the
   details of how the Internet works, or the difference between the World
   Wide Web and e-mail. On the Net-related issues that, by all
   indications, draw the most urgent public interest -- those relating to
   privacy protection -- there are now multiple clumps of competing
   bills, whose differences are both highly important and highly
   technical.
   Three of these involve different strategies to curb junk e-mail; two,
   diametrically opposed, concern encryption. All these bills are
   tangential, strictly speaking, to the basic concern expressed at
   hearings before the Federal Trade Commission: how to safeguard
   personal and sensitive data about yourself once it gets into the hands
   of institutions and third parties. (The commission itself is weighing
   whether to recommend such legislation based on what it heard.) But any
   of them could powerfully affect future privacy protection.
   A striking example is the newest bill on encryption, sponsored by
   Sens. Robert Kerrey and John McCain, which the Senate Commerce
   Committee on Thursday voted to adopt as a replacement for a
   long-standing proposal by Sen. Conrad Burns, dubbed Pro-CODE. Where
   the Burns bill would have lifted restrictions on the export of
   "uncrackable" encryption software abroad -- restrictions that the
   administration has fought to maintain for national security reasons --
   the McCain-Kerrey legislation goes the other way, seeking to expand
   such restrictions to cover most of the uses of encryption software in
   the United States. That proposal raises red flags even if you believe,
   as we do, that there are legitimate national security and law
   enforcement reasons for controlling the diffusion of such `robust'
   coding software overseas.
   The bill, offered as a compromise between the administration's
   priorities and those of Congress, shows how difficult it is to square
   this particular circle. It would require users of domestic networks
   with any government funding (such as universities, many hospitals and
   government contractors) to deposit an extra "key" to their codes with
   a licensed "key management" authority -- with the licensing to be done
   by the government. Like the administration's international policy,
   this bill envisions the development of whole new government-regulated
   industries for key management, retrieval and authentication. This
   meets the needs of domestic law enforcement agencies, which could get
   the keys with an ordinary subpoena, but at a considerable cost to the
   consumer confidence that would be expected to drive a market in
   encryption software to begin with.
   What you think of these bills has a good deal to do with how you think
   the worlds of electronic commerce and networked communal life will
   develop -- and, of course, no one knows. Even the most enthusiastic
   boosters of the right to encryption concede that very few people
   actually use it yet. Electronic commerce itself has yet to take real
   shape. The main force shaping the Internet for now continues to be the
   perception -- not to mention fear -- of the all-too-likely prospect
   that anyone who wants to can snoop around in the stacks of your most
   private data, which are constantly accumulating in unknown files.
   The Washington Post, June 10, 1996, p. A18.
   Global Village Cops?
   What will be the long-term effect of Internet technologies
   on global law enforcement? The amazing story of Bill and
   Anna Young, a k a Leslie Rogge and Judy Kay Wilson, offers
   one possible scenario. The pseudonymous Youngs, residents
   of Guatemala who the FBI says have been on a decade-long
   run from U.S. justice since Mr. Rogge was convicted of a
   string of bank robberies and other offenses, turned
   themselves in to authorities after a neighbor recognized
   Mr. Rogge's face on the FBI home page's Most Wanted list.
   According to a story first told in the Guatemala Weekly,
   the person who recognized him was a newly Internet-wired
   14-year-old.
   The vision of the future evoked by this story, of a world
   in which the familiar "global village" becomes a place not
   just of instant communication but of neighborly nosiness
   and where no one can just melt into the crowd, is
   reassuring and unnerving in about equal proportions. (What
   if it were a network of hit men or an authoritarian
   government seeking a dissident, rather than the FBI, making
   use of this powerful technology?) But it's also worth
   keeping in mind that, other than the romance of the
   technology, it doesn't represent that great an advance on
   current global media that have made celebrities or
   fugitives' faces familiar to a vast public -- just ask
   Salman Rushdie. The Rogge nabbing is the first that the FBI
   credits to its home page specifically, but TV's "America's
   Most Wanted" has scored similar coups.
   The impossibility of predicting the exact shape of these
   extensions of policing is relevant as well to a report that
   the National Research Council recently issued on another
   computer technology issue -- the vexed matter of whether to
   ease export controls on encryption software, which encodes
   information sent electronically so that only a user with a
   key can decipher it.
   The government until now has resisted lifting controls on
   "uncrackable" encryption software --  that is, codes that
   are too complex to be broken by brute force -- unless the
   industry agrees to deposit keys in an escrow arrangement
   with a third party so the government can seek and obtain a
   warrant to read encoded communications if necessary.
   Software makers, meanwhile, are pushing hard to have these
   restrictions eased. The research council, an arm of the
   generally neutral National Academy of Sciences, sought to
   bridge the gap between industry interests and such
   government agencies as the FBI and national security
   agencies, whose case, they say, is based largely on
   classified matter that can't be publicly discussed.
   Part of the report's conclusion, which favors the easing
   though not the abolition of current restrictions, is that
   wider use of encryption technology will actually *help*
   national security and law enforcement because more data,
   economic and otherwise, will be secure to begin with. But
   if the news of the changing terrain tells anything, it is
   that it is far too soon to base arguments on such a
   premise. Our own sense on encryption is that the national
   security and law enforcement questions remain too important
   to be sacrificed lightly, despite the considerable economic
   interests of the parties on the other side. But the world
   of Internet law enforcement is still taking shape. Whatever
   the public conclusion on encryption, the debate should not
   rest on any assumptions about what that shape will be.
   The Washington Post, October 4, 1996, p. A22.    Crypto Politics [Editorial]    The Clinton administration once had a coherent, if    unpopular, position on encryption software, the stuff that    allows you to encode your email messages or other data so    that no one can read it en route without a key. Now, in the    wake of word that the president will sign an executive    order, the position is no longer coherent, nor discernibly    more popular with the high-tech audience it attempts to    mollify.    People and companies doing international financial business    are highly interested in this kind of software, the more    powerfully "uncrackable" the better. The U.S. software    industry thinks there's a lot of money in it, especially if    encryption becomes routine.    The administration position till recently was that, much as    U.S. software companies might profit from being able to    market "uncrackable" encryption software freely, national    security and law enforcement considerations dictated that    such exports be controlled by license. Powerful encryption,    like arms, could be dangerous in the hands of terrorists,    rogue governments or international criminals. The software    was classed as a munition; software above a certain    uncrackability level could not be exported unless law    enforcement authorities could get access somehow to the    "key" after obtaining the proper warrants.    Unbreakable codes on the loose strike us as a real danger,    a legitimate reason for tight export controls. But if the    administration really believes this, you'd think it would    stick with steps that can plausibly meet the goal of    control.    Instead, trying to please, it has been splitting and    splitting the difference between itself and the largely    unmoved industry, which argues that no one will buy an    encryption product that a government can decrypt at will.    As with arms sales, the companies also argue that if they    don't sell it, somebody else will, and that anyway it's far    too late to fence off rogues. The national security people    respond that there is still a "window," perhaps two years,    in which they can prevent, if not all leaks of unauthorized    crypto technology, at least its off-the-shelf use and wide    adoption as the international standard.    The administration initially proposed, then repeatedly    refined, the concept of key "escrow" -- depositing a copy    of the code with trusted third parties -- but never came up    with a version the industry would accept. It commissioned    a National Research Council report, which recommended a    significant easing of restrictions. Now the president    appears to have embraced a yet looser form of licensure    upon declaration by a company that it will develop a plan    within two years for key recovery. Also, the technology no    longer will be considered munitions.    What kind of plan? Nobody can quite say. What if the plans    aren't acceptable? Licensing will revert to the old rule in    two years. Will the security issue be moot by then?    Probably. Barring some burst of clarity, one is left    wondering whether the administration has compromised or    caved, and what it now believes about the dangers of    exporting uncrackable software. Showdown on Encryption
   Sunday, May 25 1997; Page C06
   The Washington Post
   AFTER A YEAR'S rumbling, Congress seems ready to mount a direct
   challenge to the administration's position on encryption, the sticky
   issue of how to handle software that creates, for commercial use,
   codes too strong to break. The House Judiciary Committee the other day
   passed a bill dubbed Security and Freedom Through Encryption, or SAFE,
   which would undo existing curbs on the export of "uncrackable"
   encryption technology abroad without a license. The administration has
   fought to maintain those curbs against increasing pressure from the
   manufacturers of such software and from a loose but growing coalition
   of privacy and civil liberties groups. A similar bill is pending in
   the Senate.
   The administration maintains that the sellers of software capable of
   encrypting electronic messages to a complexity beyond ready cracking
   shouldn't sell it abroad -- or, if they do, should be prepared to
   deposit keys to the codes with trusted commercial third parties at
   home. Police or national security authorities could get these keys
   with a search warrant or court order, as in normal investigations, and
   a market would develop to provide the third-party service of holding
   them.
   This vision of a worldwide "key management" structure is a clever way
   to reconcile two otherwise contradictory desires: the desire of
   Internet users for absolute security and privacy in electronic
   transactions and the government's desire to prevent criminals and
   terrorists from making themselves impregnable to a degree never before
   seen. "Key management" does not, however, exist. And the
   administration has gone so far toward undercutting its own position --
   saying key escrow should be voluntary, trying to accommodate industry
   with numerous exemptions, licensing uncrackable software separately
   for banks -- that it's not clear it ever will exist.
   Meanwhile, the once-obscure drive to make unlimited-strength
   cryptography available to all has picked up momentum -- and some odd
   allies. Phyllis Schlafly was among those who testified in favor of the
   SAFE bill, saying it would protect Americans from unprecedented
   government intrusion and the FBI reading their mail. Libertarian
   groups such as Americans for Tax Freedom are enthusiastic about the
   vision of a world where powerful, widely available encryption renders
   communications totally safe.
   The odd part is that there currently are no restrictions on use of
   uncrackable encryption software within this country. The software
   industry has argued that the export control makes for a de facto
   domestic curb, because it's too complicated to market a full-strength
   version for the domestic market and a weaker one for the foreign
   market. But this isn't a very persuasive argument, since most popular
   software programs exist in dozens of versions for different markets
   and in different languages.
   The real question is whether you believe this stuff poses a
   significant national security threat in the wrong hands. If you do --
   and we think it irresponsible to assume otherwise -- then it's not
   enough to declare uncrackable privacy a civil right. You have to at
   least address the question of how to minimize intrusion into that
   right while preserving some ability to grapple with the potential
   danger. Neither the SAFE advocates in Congress nor the
   administration's voluntary escrow enthusiasts up to now have laid out
   that vision in a convincing way.

@_date: 1997-06-23 12:56:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Excerpts from New York and Georgia court decisions 
ALA v. Pataki Decision
Thus, as will be discussed in more detail below,
the New York Act is concerned with interstate
commerce and contravenes the Commerce Clause for
three reasons. First, the Act represents an
unconstitutional projection of New York law into
conduct that occurs wholly outside New York.
Second, the Act is invalid because although
protecting children from indecent material is a
legitimate and indisputably worthy subject of
state legislation, the burdens on interstate
commerce resulting from the Act clearly exceed
any local benefit derived from it. Finally, the
Internet is one of those areas of commerce that
must be marked off as a national preserve to
protect users from inconsistent 'legislation
that, taken to its most extreme, could paralyze
development of the Internet altogether. Thus,
the Commerce Clause ordains that only Congress
can legislate in this area, subject, of course,
to whatever limitations other provisions of the
Constitution (such as the First Amendment) may
require. [...]
The inescapable conclusion is that the Internet
represents an instrument of interstate commerce,
albeit an innovative one; the novelty of the
technology should not obscure the fact that
regulation of the Internet impels traditional
Commerce Clause considerations. The New York Act
is therefore closely concerned with interstate
commerce, and scrutiny of the Act under the
Commerce Clause is entirely appropriate. As
discussed in the following sections, the Act
cannot survive such scrutiny, because it places
an undue burden on interstate traffic, whether
that traffic be in goods, services, or ideas.
The State vigorously argues that its low was
designed to avoid the constitutional pitfalls
presented by the CDA; however, the New York Act
was clearly modelled on the CDA, and numerous
provisions of the New York Act mirror their
federal counterparts. [...]
I believe any determination of plaintiffs' First
Amendment challenge should therefore await the
guidance to be provided by the Supreme Court's
forthcoming opinion.
AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION OF GEORGIA v.
ZELL MILLER, et al.,
Defendants allege that the statute's purpose is
fraud prevention, which the Court agrees is a
compelling state interest. However, the statute
is not narrowly tailored to achieve that end and
instead sweeps innocent, protected speech within
its scope. Specifically, by its plain language
the criminal prohibition applies regardless of
whether a speaker has any intent to deceive or
whether deception actually occurs. Therefore, it
could apply to a wide range of transmissions
which "falsely identify" the sender, but are not
"fraudulent" within the specific meaning of the
criminal code. [...]
The Court concludes that the statute was not
drafted with the precision necessary for laws
regulating speech. On its face, the act
prohibits such protected speech as the use of
false identification to avoid social ostracism,
to prevent discrimination and harassment, and to
protect privacy, as well as the use of trade
names or logos in non-commercial educational
speech, news, and commentary--a prohibition with
well-recognized first amendment problems. [...]

@_date: 1997-06-25 02:38:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comparing Cryptographic Key Sizes 
Thanks, Adam, for sending this along.
As it turns out, I'm working on an article about encryption and privacy
that will appear in Time Magazine next month. Yesterday I photocopied a few
pages of Applied Crypto and printed out the (I believe) February 1996 paper
on recommended key lengths and passed them around the office. Your summary
is even more handy.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-25 02:55:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN - Encryption bill expected to pass House - June 23, 1997 
Yeah, I'm going to the markup later this afternoon. I ran into Goodlatte in
the Capitol this morning; he seemed cautiously optimistic.

@_date: 1997-06-25 09:44:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAFE clears House subcommittee, with amendments 
[Since I showed up late today and missed some of the early discussion, I
asked my friend Amy for permission to pass along her report. She graciously
agreed. --Declan]
SAFE Act Nears Home in House After Subcommittee
Tosses It Out Favorably
By Amy Branson
LEGI-SLATE News Service
WASHINGTON (June 24) -- Casting the only opposing vote to
H.R. 695 -- the "Security and Freedom Through Encryption
Act" -- Rep. Doug Bereuter, R-Neb., knew his position was
the lonely one at a subcommittee markup Tuesday.
"The goal must be to balance between the competitiveness
of U.S. companies and U.S. national security goals,"
Bereuter began. "However, this bill fails that balance
because it significantly relaxes U.S. export control of
encryption without requiring a key recovery policy ... to
those exports."
Despite Bereuter's problems with the bill, the House
International Relations Subcommittee on International
Economic Policy and Trade passed H.R. 695 by a recorded
vote of 14 yeas and 1 nay [Vote 1].
H.R. 695 lifts export restrictions on many kinds of
strong encryption products, prohibits federal or state
governments from requiring anyone to give up the key to
their encrypted communications, and establishes criminal
penalties for using encryption to further a criminal
"This is a vitally important piece of legislation if
we're going to continue to promote the United States
dominance of the software industry worldwide," the bill's
sponsor, Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said Tuesday
afternoon. Goodlatte, who does not sit on the
International Relations Committee, spoke on behalf of his
bill at the markup session.
"This legislation is also very important from the
standpoint of promoting the safety and security of
American citizens and others in the use of the Internet,"
he added.
Subcommittee members also adopted by voice vote an "en
bloc amendment" that made what they described as mostly
"technical" changes to the bill.
Subcommittee aides emphasized that the purpose of the
amendment language was to close loopholes and fix
unintended omissions contained in the underlying
For example, the amendment expands the kinds of products
that do not have to have a validated license for export
or re-export to include "any consumer product
commercially available in the U.S. or abroad using
encryption capabilities which are inaccessible to the end
user and is not designed for military or intelligence end
The amendment also expands the term "generally available"
as it is used in the bill to include hardware with
encryption capabilities. As the bill now is written, only
software with encryption capabilities is covered.
Also, the en bloc amendment added a "Sense of Congress"
section to the end of the bill.
In addition to "finding" that the president "has not been
able to come to agreement with other encryption producing
countries on export controls on encryption," the
amendment suggests the president immediately should call
an international conference to reach a policy agreement
with other encryption exporting countries.
Administration officials disapprove of this language
because they say they are "close" to reaching an
encryption export policy agreement with these countries,
one House aide said. But the administration has been
making this claim for several years, the aide said.
This legislation already has been reported favorably by
the House Judiciary Committee, which did not have
jurisdiction over the export language. The International
Relations subcommittee, however, had jurisdiction over
the most controversial parts of the bill: the export
The bill still faces a markup in the full International
Relations Committee where there likely will be another
technical amendment, the aide said.
Meanwhile, the Senate Commerce Committee recently adopted
a so-called "compromise" encryption bill that satisfies
Clinton administration concerns about the availability of
strong encryption technology overseas.
But industry officials decry the legislation, sponsored
by Senate Commerce Committee Chairman John McCain,
R-Ariz., and Sen. Robert Kerrey, D-Neb.
Senate legislation [S. 377] that more closely resembles
Goodlatte's SAFE Act has been put on the back burner
because of Clinton administration objections. Sen. Conrad
Burns, R-Mont., is sponsoring that bill, which also is
known as Pro-CODE, or Promotion of Commerce Online in the
Digital Era Act of 1997.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-25 12:43:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comparing Cryptographic Key Sizes II 
Um, some of us journalists have *gasp* taken computer science classes,
programmed in machine code, crafted compression routines, written our own
Unix shells, etc.
Now, I don't want to start a "who's the geekiest geek" contest, since y'all
will win hands-down -- but I want to point out that while we may not be
crypto-whizzes, not all of us are entirely clueless either.

@_date: 1997-06-26 12:19:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More Supreme Court CDA predictions (fwd) 
One never knows until the opinions are issued, but there is a good deal of
objective evidence contradicting Prof. Volokh's hunch.  At oral argument,
Rhenquist, Scalia and Thomas all asked hostile questions of Bruce Ennis,
and Rhenquist and Scalia stepped in to help out Seth Waxman, the
Government's oralist, when he was having trouble answering tough questions. I'm not sure that Rhenquist and Thomas have ever voted to strike down an
indecency restriction.  Although Scalia has been taken somewhat more
libertarian stands on speech restrictions than the other two, he said flat
out at oral argument that he thought the government should win. As for the dissenting opinion they all joined Denver Consortium decision
last term, it may have drawn a clearer line than did the plurality
opinion, but would have upheld a requirement that cable subscribers OPT-IN
IN WRITING thirty days in advance of being able to receive indecent
programming.  If you like that, you may well like the CDA .. . .  We'll
see soon enough.

@_date: 1997-06-26 21:07:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: LaMacchia's Revenge, from The Netly News (fwd) 
The Netly News Network
June 25, 1997
LaMacchia's Revenge
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
 David LaMacchia's pirate warez site once hummed
quietly along on a DECstation 5000 just down the hall
from the study lounge on the top floor of MIT's
Stratton Student Center. LaMacchia claims its original
purpose was to let visiting netizens exchange
software. But soon -- either inevitably or
intentionally, depending on whom you believe -- more
and more copyrighted programs began to appear.
  This was enough to prompt the federal government
to charge the MIT undergraduate in April 1994 with the
crime of wire fraud. The indictment argued that his
FTP-like site permitted "on an international scale,
the illegal copying and distribution of copyrighted
software, without payment of software licensing fees."
Yet a federal judge dismissed the case that December,
ruling that while LaMacchia was wrong -- and could be
sued in civil court -- the aspiring computer scientist
was not guilty as charged. Judge Richard Stearns said,
"It is not clear that making criminals of a large
number of consumers of computer software is a result
that even the software industry would consider
  Guess again. A group of software companies,
including Microsoft and Adobe, yesterday requested new
laws to eliminate what they termed the "LaMacchia
decision" problem. When a warez site operates for free

@_date: 1997-06-27 00:56:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA STRUCK DOWN BY SUPREME COURT, from the Netly News 
[Check out netlynews.com for updates throughout the day. --Declan]
The Netly News
CDA STRUCK DOWN!
June 26, 1997, 11:30 am
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       The U.S. Supreme Court, in a landmark decision that firmly
   establishes unbridled free speech in cyberspace, struck
   down the Communications Decency Act. In a 40-page majority opinion
   opinion handed down this morning, the Justices determined that the act
   is unconstitutional. The court also resoundingly rejected the argument
   that broadcast standards should apply to the Internet.
       The Justices unanimously ruled that the so-called "display
   provision" -- which would effectively render the Net "child safe" --
   was patently unconstitutional. "The interest in encouraging freedom of
   expression in a democratic society outweighs any theoretical but
   unproven benefit of censorship," wrote Justice John Paul Stevens. In a
   7-to-2 decision, the court also struck down the other half of the CDA,
   which banned "indecent transmission" to a minor. The minority
   argued that such a limitation would not interfere "with the First
   Amendment rights of adults." Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and William
   Rehnquist were the lone dissenters on that point in a 13-page minority
   opinion.
        "This is the landmark decision that many of us anticipated," said
   David Sobel, staff counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information
   Center and co-counsel on the case. Phil Gutis of the American Civil
   Liberties Union -- the lead plaintiff in Reno v. ACLU -- said the
   decision left no wriggle room for CDA supporters: "It's going to be
   very hard for Congress to go back and say the court left us this
   opening. They didn't."
        Yet CDA supporters promised to keep up the fight. Against the
   backdrop of a dozen anti-porn activists, Cathy Cleaver, the director
   of legal policy for the Family Research Council, proclaimed that,
   "today we're going to see the floodgates of pornography open on the
   internet. This is not a good time to be a child. We're not going to
   give up the fight to protect children online."
       In spite of such perceived dangers, the court apparently realized
   the unique nature of the Internet and appreciated the fact that it is
   a new and developing medium. "Neither before nor after the enactment
   of the CDA have the vast democratic fora of the Internet been subject
   to the type of government supervision and regulation that has attended
   the broadcast industry. Moreover, the Internet is not as 'invasive' as
   radio or television," the majority wrote. The CDA "threatens to torch
   a large segment of the Internet community."
        The chief congressional opponent of the CDA applauded the court's
   recognition that the Internet is wholly unlike broadcast media.
   "Giving full force to the first amendment online is a victory for the
   first amendment, for american technology, and for democracy," said
   Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) in a statement. "The CDA was misguided and
   unworkable. It reflected a fundamental misunderstanding of the
   technology of the Internet."

@_date: 1997-06-27 05:20:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Family Research Council on CDA decision (fwd) 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:  June 26, 1997
CONTACT:  Kristin Hansen, (202) 393-2100
COURT REAFFIRMS GOVERNMENT^RS INTEREST IN PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM PORN, BUT STRIKES CDA AS TOO BROAD
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- "Today^Rs ruling means that pornographers can open their doors to children on the Internet.  But pornographers beware:  this will not be the last word on protecting children from your corrupting influence," Family Research Council Legal Policy Director Cathy Cleaver said Thursday.  "While Reno v. ACLU said that the specific provisions of the CDA are too broad, the Court also said that more narrowly tailored provisions could be Cleaver made her comments as the Supreme Court issued its ruling striking down the Communications Decency Act (CDA).  Cleaver continued, "Parents still have no legal recourse to protect their children from being sent a Penthouse centerfold.  This is not good news for the thousands of families who discover every day that their children have accessed offensive and disgusting material on the internet. "At the same time, the Court has opened the door to new legislation protection children.  Americans should urge Congress to take another look at the issue and draft a more narrowly defined statute.
"But now, the flood gates remain open to purveyors of smut.  With no legal liability for those who pursue children with graphic images and language on the internet, we need to act fast and firmly to ensure that our country does not give pornographers special rights."
FOR MORE INFORMATION OR INTERVIEWS, CONTACT THE FRC PRESS OFFICE.
- END -

@_date: 1997-06-27 05:51:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House statement on CDA decision (fwd) 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                           Office of the Press Secretary
                                 June 26, 1996
                     STATEMENT BY THE PRESIDENT
Today, the Supreme Court ruled that portions of the Communications Decency
Act addressing indecency are not constitutional. We will study its opinion
closely. The administration remains firmly committed to the provisions -- both in
the CDA and elsewhere in the criminal code -- that prohibit the
transmission of obscenity over the Internet and via other media.
Similarly, we remain committed to vigorous enforcement of federal
prohibitions against transmission of child pornography over the Internet,
and another prohibition that makes criminal the use of the Internet by
pedophiles to entice children to engage in sexual activity. The Internet is an incredibly powerful medium for freedom of speech and
freedom of expression that should be protected. It is the biggest change
in human communications since the printing press, and is being used to
educate our children, promote electronic commerce, provide valuable health
care information, and allow citizens to keep in touch with their
government. But there is material on the Internet that is clearly
inappropriate for children. As a parent, I understand the concerns that
parents have about their children accessing inappropriate material. If we are to make the Internet a powerful resource for learning, we must
give parents and teachers the tools they need to make the Internet safe
for children. Therefore, in the coming days, I will convene industry leaders and groups
representing teachers, parents and librarians. We can and must develop a
solution for the Internet that is as powerful for the computer as the
v-chip will be for the television, and that protects children in ways that
are consistent with America's free speech values. With the right
technology and rating systems - we can help ensure that our children don't
end up in the red light districts of cyberspace.

@_date: 1997-06-27 22:36:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: All Tomorrow's Parties -- CDA II -- from the Netly News 
The Netly News
June 26, 1997
All Tomorrow's Parties
by Team Netly (thenetlynews at pathfinder.com)
The fun-loving "trolls" of Bianca's Smut Shack
celebrated today's Communications Decency Act
ruling by sleeping in. Christopher Miller and
David Thau stumbled awake at 10:10 am today,
just in time to read the decision that said it
was legal to post "indecent" material on your
web site -- something clearly important to the
Biancanauts, who are travelling cross-country in
a psychedelic RV commemorating the summer of
"It's kind of weird to celebrate the overturning
of something that's clearly unconstitutional,
but of course we have something to celebrate
because it's going to keep us from jail," said
The celebration may be premature. The CDA II,
after all, is expected to crawl out of the grave
like a flesh-dripping zombie. But you'd never
know it from the high-bandwidth rhetoric that
flooded the Net today after the Supreme Court
The Electronic Privacy Information Center cried
that "today's opinion defines the First
Amendment for the next century." Histrionics
also were flying furiously around San
Francisco's South Park, where the faithful
rallied. "The Internet freedom fighters are as
strong as the students at Tiananmen Square,"
said the Electronic Frontier Foundation's Mike
Godwin -- to a crowd composed almost entirely of
journalists. "Today is the first day of the new
American Revolution, the Digital Revolution.."
(A phrase that happens to be trademarked by
Wired, a sponsor of the rally.)
The victorious shouts of the way-new stalwarts
were matched by the angry screams of the
censor-happy CDA supporters. "The safety net is
gone," says Donna Rice-Hughes, communication
director for Enough Is Enough. "There is no law
against an adult sending a naked picture of
himself to a child over the Internet or through
If Rice-Hughes has her way, the high court's
decision to drive a stake through the heart of
the much-reviled law will mean the threat to
free speech online has expired only for a while.
"Frankly, this ruling provides a road map on how
to more specfically draft legislation," says
Heidi Stirrup, director of government relations
for the Christian Coalition. "Our beleaguered
American family has been put on notice by the
Court that it will do nothing to help the family
even when the president and Congress work
together against a problem that everyone says is
bad -- providing indecent material to children."
This isn't entirely true. The ruling -- which
talked of "vast democratic fora" online -- does
not mean that the Internet is now a free-speech
zone where anything goes. After all, the CDA
only restricted "indecent" materials, an
undefined category that could include art,
literature, even humor and sex ed. materials.
Distributing obscenity -- sexual works without
"redeeming value" -- will remain a crime. The
Court noted this in its ruling today:
"Transmitting obscenity and child pornography,
whether via the Internet or other means, is
already illegal under federal law for both
adults and juveniles."
President Clinton, who endorsed the act, also
vowed not to give up. "We can and must develop a
solution for the Internet that is as powerful
for the computer as the v-chip will be for the
television, and that protects children in ways
that are consistent with America's free speech
values," he said.
"We're certainly going to support Congress'
efforts to develop another bill to protect kids.
They're not going to stop and we're going to
help them to do it," says Bruce Taylor,
president of the National Law Center for
Children and Families.
Taylor predicts that a CDA II might stress
labelling all your web pages with PICS or RSACi
if you want to stay out of jail: "Remember I
told you nobody's going to do PICS? It's a
monster nobody wants to feed. Who's going to
rate 10 zillion web sites?"
Well, nobody -- unless you force people to use
Which is what some members of Congress are
trying. Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) is preparing
to introduce a bill that will try to convince a
dubious public to rate its pages with RSACi, a
self-rating system backed by Microsoft. (A
company which, just coincidentally, is
headquartered in her state.) Nevermind that even
MSNBC stopped ratings its pages with RSACi
because the system proved unworkable for news
Murray's proposed bill, called the "Childsafe
Internet Act of 1997," says someone who
"includes a rating" on their site "may not be
held liable" for "any material on the site that
is unsuitable for minors." That's the carrot.
Then the stick: you can't post material
"unsuitable for minors" on a site that's rated
for kids. "Whoever accesses a site on the
Internet rated by the person establishing the
site as having no material unsuitable for minors
and knowingly makes available on or through the
site any comment, request, suggestion, proposal,
image, or other material unsuitable for minors,
shall be imprisoned... for not more than two
years," the bill says.
The constitutionality of such legislation was
affirmed in today's minority opinion of Justices
O'Connor and Rehnquist, in which they talk of
"zoning laws" for the Internet. Real world
zoning laws are what keep children out of porno
stores and require buildings to be
wheelchair-accessible. These laws passed
constitutional muster long ago, and the
underlying intent of the CDA was largely to
shield minors from indecent material. Trouble
is, Internet technology isn't yet capable of
ensuring the existence of adult-only zones. Yet.
Thus argued O'Connor: "Until gateway technology
is available throughout cyberspace, and it is
not in 1997, a speaker cannot be reasonably
assured that the speech he displays will reach
only adults because it is impossible to confine
speech to an 'adult zone.'"
What all this means is Congressional attempts to
pass another law to muzzle the Net won't need to
be a flat ban on "indecency." Rather, they'll
rely on PICS and RSACi. (Ironically, a
technology designed to head off the CDA might be
the linchpin of CDA II.) Next month President
Clinton plans to meet with industry leaders in
much the same way he met with broadcast
executives last year and came up with a V-Chip.
His goal this time: to do the same for the Net.
Meanwhile, slap-happy netizens will probably
still be partying down -- the D.C.-based CIEC
folks are hanging out in the 18th Street Lounge
right now -- basking in the high court's warm
and fuzzy afterglow, and happily smoking a bowl
of their own rhetoric.

@_date: 1997-06-28 03:21:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Wired" is trademarking the future? 
Noah's story about Wired trademarking Digital Revolution (tm) is at:
  Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-06-28 09:02:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Netly interviews Donna Rice-Hughes and Sen. Coats staffer 
[The day before the CDA decision came down, I interviewed David Crane from
Sen. "CDA II Real Soon Now" Coats' office and Noah interviewed Donna
Rice-Hughes. Recall Coats was the chief GOP sponsor of the original CDA.
Here are excerpts. --Declan]
Interview with Donna Rice-Hughes, Enough is Enough
The Netly News
June 26, 1997
Q: WHY DO YOU SAY THERE IS SO MUCH MISUNDERSTANDING
ABOUT THE CDA IN THE INTERNET COMMUNITY?
I think there's been a lot of misinformation about
what this is all about and what the CDA would do if it
is upheld. I think there have been some scare tactics,
quite frankly, and that's why you have people
concerned about speech. This is an area that the
public hasn't had to understand the nuances of until
You have a lot of people who have been using the
Internet for years for the contructive purposes for
which it was designed. Now it's becoming more
commercial and you have pedophiles, pornographers and
people who are just posting their private collections
of pornography and polluting it, exploiting that
technology. A few bad apples are spoiling it for
everyone else. If it wasn't for that then we wouldn't
be having this problem.
Long before any of this it would have been great if
the Internet community had said, "Hey, don't pollute
this technology," and had imposed their own controls.
But that didn't happen and it isn't happening.
An Interview With David Crane, Legislative Assistant
to CDA Cosponsor Dan Coats
The Netly News
June 26, 1997
Q: WOULD YOU DO ANYTHING DIFFERENTLY? CHANGE THE
WORDING OF THE CDA?
I don't think so. One of the frustrations we
experienced has been the tremendous amount of debate
that has centered around the indecency standard -- and
the portrayal of those who oppose it as a broadcast
standard. The very federal statute we amended was a
dial-a-porn statute. It was telephony, which is
inherently an interactive method of communication.
Despite representations to the contrary, there was a
tremendous dialogue with representatives of the
computer industry. We tried to strike the best balance
we could.
Q: YOU TOLD ME EARLIER THAT INTERNET USERS DON'T
UNDERSTAND WHAT THE CDA REALLY IS ALL ABOUT.
What Congress said was you're only held responsible
for "knowing" violations. At that point you become
responsible to solve that problem. You can't be held
liable for unknowing violations. That's a distinction
that's been lost in the politicking over this issue.
And that's unfortunate.
This is new technology and evolving technology. That's
why Congress was careful not to codify a specific
method of preventing access for children. What's
effective today may not be effective tomorrow. We
tried very much to have the CDA be flexible and be a
living statute, one that would provide for advanced
technologies and more restrictive technologies over
Q:CAN YOU GIVE ME SOME EXAMPLES?
A good example is PICS [a framework for Internet
rating systems]. Look at the PC Week editorial.
Q:THE ONE YOUR BOSS WAVED AROUND THE SENATE FLOOR?
The industry has waved around PICS and said that's a
solution. But what's the incentive -- for someone
who's providing pornography on the Internet -- to
subscribe to PICS? You're asking him to limit his
potential marketplace in a voluntary way. That doesn't
work. The need for the CDA is you want to say: Yes,
apply technology, but you must restrict access to
pornographic materials for children. If you don't do
it, you'll be subject to prosecution.
Q: WHAT WILL YOU DO IF THE SUPREME COURT STRIKES DOWN
THE CDA?
If the Supreme Court strikes down the CDA, we'll
acknowledge that the current composition of the court
is saying we don't have it right [to pass such a law]
and we'll go back and operate on the precedent that
was established and try again.
The final verson of the CDA -- the compromise that was
struck in the conference committee -- was passed
overwhelmingly. There's precedent to this: the
dial-a-porn law. It took several attempts before it
was upheld by the Supreme Court.
I think that everyone involved -- from the ACLU to a
lot of the reporters on the Internet -- has
misrepresented the CDA in many respects. Saying that
it is a ban on indecency, that adults wouldn't be able
to communicate with each other. That's patently wrong.
Q: YOU SOUND LIKE YOU FEEL OUTGUNNED.
The newspapers have a vested interest. Every major
newspaper editorialized against the law during
drafting and afterward.
You're not going to be a darling of the media. The
media likes to portray this as a free speech issue.
This is part of the process.
Q: SO NOW THE PRO-CDA FORCES ARE THE UNDERDOGS?
One of the virtues of the Internet is the free flow of
information. But only part of the information is being
put out and that's unfortunate.
This representation by opponents of the CDA that
considerations of the unique nature of the Internet
were not taken into account or that members and staff
didn't understand the Internet or that somehow
Congress didn't like the Internet or saw great danger
beyond this issue -- all that is simply not true.
There was consultation with the computer industry at
every step of the way. We wanted to create a living
law -- a flexible law -- that could grow as
technologies evolved.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-01 06:41:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Marc Andreessen on encryption and CDA 
Marc Andreessen from Netscape spoke at a National Press Club luncheon on
June 20. Attached is an excerpt from a transcript of his remarks.
NATIONAL PRESS CLUB LUNCHEON
MARC ANDREESSEN, NETSCAPE
FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1997
The goal here in all these markets should be open
access -- open access for any new competitor who wants
to offer content and services, who wants to offer
hardware and software, who wants to offer bandwidth
for the Net itself. And then open access should also
allow each consumer and business to choose and buy
from any set of vendors it wants.
Now, I am not suggesting anything radical -- no major
new laws or sweeping regulations, but simply that we
must ensure we have vigorous enforcement first of
existing antitrust laws and vigorous promotion of
normal healthy competitive markets in these areas --
network services, software and hardware, content and
consumer services. Once we have that, then we need to
make sure we just don't screw it up. For example --
just one example -- patently ridiculous limitations on
the ability of American companies to both produce and
use encryption software and hardware internationally.
Encryption technology now is freely available to
criminals and terrorists all around the world,
overseas, on the Web. You can buy it from NTT, you can
buy it from companies out of South Africa, England,
and many other countries. And we are really at this
point deluding ourselves with respect to our ability
to control this technology. The genie is clearly
already out of the bottle.
However, current regulations, current arms traffic
regulations that apply to this technology and the new
McCain-Kerry bill that just was introduced a couple of
days ago -- the real effect there is that they are
ceding the international data security market to
non-U.S. vendors. They are really stunting now the
development of the Net as a commercial medium, and
they are leaving American companies fundamentally
unprotected from economic espionage and terrorism
abroad. One final example, imposing censorship laws in
this new consumer content medium that are more
stringent and restrictive than those on newspaper and
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-01 08:35:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Supreme Court summarily affirms Shea v. Reno CDA case 
Dealing the final blow to the Communications Decency
Act, the Supreme Court last Friday again ruled the law
was unconstitutional.
In a one-line order, the justices summarily affirmed
the ruling of a New York federal district court that
struck down the law last July. Joe Shea filed the
lawsuit in February 1996 on behalf of his online
publication, the American Reporter.
Since the court did not write an opinion, however, the
Shea v. Reno case does not have the same hefty
precedential value as the ACLU v. Reno lawsuit brought
by the American Civil Liberties Union and American
Library Association plaintiffs.
"Since in practice ACLU v. Reno is the law of the
land, that preempts any binding force that Shea v.
Reno might have," says UCLA law professor Eugene
Volokh. Shea challenged only part of the CDA and
didn't win as broad a victory at the trial court
level as the ACLU and ALA coalitions did.
Still, Shea is celebrating. "What it really means to
me is that other countries aren't going to get the
support they hoped for when they start or continue to
suppress the Internet," he says. "The Net is going to
be an important vehicle for new democracies around the
world. People are going to voice on the Internet what
they can't voice on radio or TV. Governments are going
to find it harder to regulate because the U.S. Supreme
Court stood behind the First Amendment in both of
these cases."
Shea filed the case with the pro bono help of
Arent Fox, Kintner Plotkin & Kahn, a Washington law
Shea recently signed a partnership with nando.net, which
now will publish the American Reporter online. It'll go
live in July at More info:
   Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-01 09:05:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Has your privacy been invaded? Protected? Both? 
We hear a lot of steamy rhetoric about privacy and the information age, but
few real-world examples. I'm working on a story now for Time about just
this: what's happening to individual privacy today.
Does the Net make us more exposed -- DejaNews and 411-type databases -- or
does it provide us with more privacy through tools like anonymous remailers
and pseudonymous identities? Can we trust the government to protect our
privacy when it works tirelessly to invade it?
Much has been written about this. What I'm looking for now are examples.
Have you used an anonymous remailer to cloak your identity, or been flamed
through one? Have you been denied a transaction at a store because you
refused to identify yourself? Have you hunted through databases to find
someone important? Has sensitive information about you turned up in one?
I'd appreciate hearing some stories...
Thanks all,
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-07-01 11:25:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Marc Andreessen on encryption and CDA 
Ah, but what is a market except voluntary transactions between people?
What is good for the market is good for the people.

@_date: 1997-03-10 12:29:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Wassenaar Arrangement and "sensitive dual-use items" 
I got a copy of what I thought was the Arrangement this morning from a
source within the State Department.
It's 16 pages, with five appendices and a few pages of explanatory materials.
One of my favorite parts, sure to fuel cypherparanoia: "IX.
Confidentiality. Information exchanged will remain confidential and will be
treated asd privileged diplomatic communications. This confidentiality will
extend to any use made of the information and any discussion among
Participating states."
However, my copy seems to be much shorter than the one Hayashi has an
excerpt of, and one of the appendices -- the last one, Appendix 5 -- is
empty. That's the one entitled "List of Dual-Use Goods and Technologies."
Crypto is not mentioned anywhere by name in this document. Rather, the code
phrase seems to be "sensitive dual-use items" that could be "a cause for
serious concern to the Participating States."
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-03-12 08:15:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato forum on wiretapping and Digital Telephony (3/24/97) 
Declan, could you post this to fightcensorship or otherwise forward it around?
This forum will be held at noon on March 24 at the Cato Institute at 1000
Mass. Ave. N.W., Washington, DC.  To register, please call Heather Antilla
at 202.842.3490 or email to hantila at cato.org.
Barry Steinhardt			Alan McDonald
ACLU						FBI
Jim Dempsey				Albert Gidari
Center for Democracy and Technology	Perkins Coie
CALEA, the "Communications Assistance in Law Enforcement Act," requires
phone companies to retrofit their networks to facilitate wiretapping by law
enforcement.  Are laws like CALEA appropriate for our constitutional
republic, or are the economic costs and dangers to privacy too great?
Should Congress have delegated to the FBI so much power to implement CALEA?
Have the FBI's demands under the statute been reasonable?    Solveig Bernstein, Esq.
(202) 789-5274
(202) 842-3490 (fax)
Assistant Director of Telecommunications & Technology Studies
Cato Institute
1000 Mass. Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1997-03-13 10:49:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OECD draft crypto guidelines 
I've been given a copy of the draft OECD crypto guidelines that will be
released later this month. They don't say what the Justice Department
would like them to, I imagine. You can find more info at

@_date: 1997-03-19 15:46:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report from Supreme Court on CDA arguments 
The Netly News Network
 Supreme Court
March 19, 1997
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   Noah Robischon (noah at pathfinder.com)
    U.S. Supreme Court justices pummeled
government proponents of the Communications
Decency Act this morning during a review of the
law that will set new standards for free speech
in the 21st century.
     The notorious CDA, reviled throughout
cyberspace since the day it was signed by
President Clinton in February 1996, would
criminalize the ill-defined category of
"indecent" communications on the Net. A
Philadelphia federal court struck down the law a
year ago.
     Justice Antonin Scalia called the lawsuit,
brought by the American Civil Liberties Union
against Attorney General Janet Reno, "a
distinctive form of First Amendment argument
unlike others" because it covers an uncharted and
rapidly developing communications medium. "That's
a new case for us," he said.
     Deputy Solicitor General Seth Waxman argued
that the CDA merely established boundaries on the
Net and made it harder for pornographic material
to fall into the hands of minors. He likened the
law to a cyber-zoning ordinance; without it, he
said, the Internet "threatens to give every child
a free pass to get into every adult movie theater
or bookstore in the country."
     But less than a minute after Waxman started,
the justices impatiently plowed into his
presentation. Justice Stephen Breyer demanded:
"Suppose a group of high school students decides
to talk over the Internet and they want to talk
about their sexual experiences. I mean, that's
been known to happen in high school." Would they
"be guilty of a federal crime?"
     Justice Antonin Scalia cut in, joking:
"There's no high school student exemption?"
     "You might find it in the legislative
history, but I do not," Waxman replied.
     For much of the 70-minute hearing, the
discussion swirled around the question of how
netizens could comply with the CDA. Waxman
claimed that the act includes a battery of ways
to protect a person from prosecution -- visitors
to "indecent" web sites would be required to
provide credit-card numbers, for instance. But
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor was unmoved. "How
does that fit in with the use of web sites by
noncommercial users, libraries?" she asked.
     Justice David Souter wondered if the
portions of the act banning the "display" of
indecent materials would imprison parents. "I
take it a parent who allows his computer to be
used by a child viewing indecent material, that
parent would go to prison," he said. When Waxman
demurred, Scalia took up the chase. "No... One of
those offenses is a display offense," he pointed
out. Chastened, Waxman replied, "I see your
     Bruce Ennis, arguing on behalf of the ACLU
and American Library Association coalitions,
contended that the CDA bans speech, even for
adults; is not as effective as blocking software;
and is unconstitutionally vague.
     Justice Scalia, who noted that he uses a
computer, pointed out that technology is rapidly
changing. "So much of your argument is based on
what's currently available," he said to Ennis.
"This technology is changing so quickly. Is it
possible that this statute is unconstitutional
now but could be [constitutional] in four or five
years?" Ennis replied: "Not as it's written."
     During a subsequent press conference, Ennis
added that indeed, the technology is changing,
and is giving parents more control over what
their children do and see online. "Precisely
because the technology is changing, the
government should not be trying to enforce this
law," he said. The ACLU attorneys who joined
Ennis were grinning: the justices appeared to
understand the nature of communications online,
noted that teens have rights, and focused on free
speech, not porn.
     After the hearing, the anti-CDA protestors
who had braved a chill rain to chant "Hey-ho, the
CDA has got to go!" were displaced by a larger,
bullhorn-wielding group of anti-porn advocates.
One sign demanded, "Don't sacrifice my child on
the altar of the First Amendment."
     One of the most vocal protestors was
19-year-old Berkeley student Kenritsu Yamamoto,
who happened to be dressed as a Net cupid,
complete with angel wings and a circuit board
breastplate. He was acting in the Pure Love
Alliance's skit illustrating how pornography and
"Net abduction" harms children. In the skit,
Yamamoto accidentally kills a small child to
demonstrate the dangers of a world without the
CDA. "If a small child buys porn at a 7-11, then
the store can be held accountable," said
Yamamoto. "But on the Net, there is no
     A few steps away, Donna Rice Hughes, Enough
Is Enough's communications director, was
explaining why she thought the CDA should be
upheld. "Without the CDA, Larry Flynt can make
his teasers and centerfolds available to kids on
the Internet," she said. Across from Hughes stood
Bruce Taylor, the lawyer who argued against Flynt
in the Supreme Court more than a decade ago. "The
technology is advancing so well that the court is
going to see that people can use this stuff
without violating the law," he said.
     If the Supreme Court disagrees and strikes
down the CDA, some members of Congress have
pledged to try again. Netly cornered Sen. Charles
Grassley (R-Iowa), a stauch supporter of the CDA,
in the basement of the Capitol after the
argument. What would he do? "How to do this I
don't know, but our objective hasn't changed," he
replied. "Some way, somehow, we will have to find
a constitutional way of doing this for kids,
protecting them from porn the way we did for
printed material." Rep. Bob Goodlatte
(R-Virginia) says he hopes the high court "will
give the Congress some very clear guidance."
     But any Congressional tinkering will come
after the Supreme Court decides. A ruling is
expected in early July.
[McCullagh is one of the plaintiffs in the
lawsuit challenging the CDA.]
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-03-20 13:00:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report from Supreme Court on CDA arguments 
Is it possible that the technology that helps us to claim the CDA is not
the least restrictive means to accomplish the gvt's (disputed) goal
of protecting junior *also* helps the gvt argue it's easier to comply?
In other words, if the justices disagree with us on the LRM argument
(perhaps saying that kiddies can log in from the mall or at a
friend's house w/out censorware) -- then censorware *helps* the gvt claim
a revised CDA is constitutional?
David Sobel, a lawyer at EPIC and co-counsel in the CDA suit, told me the
Justice Department could use this combination to argue just that: "I think
if there were a large installed base of technology that could make
compliance with a CDA-type statute feasible, then a court might not have
the same problems with it. If you were looking at a technological
environment where there's a large installed base of PICS-compliant
browsers, then the argument would be that to comply with the CDA you have
to self-rate your stuff."

@_date: 1997-03-20 15:51:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NSA responds to criticism over weakening cellular crypto 
David Banisar (Banisar at epic.org)                *    202-544-9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center           *    202-547-5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave, SE, Suite 301             *    HTTP://
Washington, DC 20003
PGP Key:

@_date: 1997-03-24 18:34:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reps. White and Bliley: requesting comments on crypto policy 
Reps. Rick White (R-Washington) and Tom Bliley (R-Virginia) have been busy
sending out letters requesting comments on encryption policy -- and asking
pointed questions. The letters have gone to:
  Lieutenant General Kenneth Minihan, Director of the National Security Agency
  Secretary William Daley, United States Department of Commerce
  Director Louis Freeh, Federal Bureau of Investigation
  Ambassador David Aaron, U.S. Special Envoy for Cryptology
  Robert Holleyman, President of the Business Software Association
  Ken Wasch, President of the Software Publishers Association
  Kathy Kincaid, Director of I/T Security Programs at IBM
Attached is the one to the NSA.
March 21, 1997
Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
The Committee on Commerce has jurisdiction over
all matters relating to interstate and foreign
commerce, including commerce transacted over
electronic mediums. One vehicle for interstate
and foreign electronic commerce, the Internet,
has experienced unexpected and exceptional
growth. Our Committee has an obligation to ensure
that the growth of electronic commerce over the
Internet and other networks is not stifled by
unnecessary or harmful regulation or policies.
Thus, the Committee will be discussing what
policies best promote electronic commerce over
the Internet and other networks.
The growth and success of the Internet and the
World Wide Web as both a communications tool, and
a medium for electronic commerce is
unprecedented. Leading industry estimates
indicate that the number of people using the
Internet is increasing at the rate of more than
100% per year -- few technologies have had such
quick acceptance into the daily activities of
Americans. However, the full potential of the
Internet as a means for conducting business
transactions, or electronic commerce, has yet to
be achieved. Most leading experts agree that a
developed Internet, and corresponding intranets,
have the capability to be engines for economic
growth for those offering services over the
Internet, and also have the capability to be a
means for transforming business operations from
one of paper-intensity to one conducted solely
through electronic communications and
Unlocking the full potential of the Internet and
thus, promoting the use of electronic commerce
has been difficult, in part, because of existing
and perceived barriers, e.g., many consumers and
businesses are concerned with the security and
privacy of transactions that would occur over the
Internet. A belief in the security of information
passed over the Internet and through on-line
services that use the public switched network
will foster the continued growth of electronic
commerce. Fortunately, the use of cryptography or
encryption, either hardware or software, may
provide a technological aid in the promotion of
electronic commerce. We believe, however, that a
sound encryption policy for both interstate and
foreign electronic commerce must balance users=
privacy interests with society=s interest in
legitimate law enforcement and investigative
needs and the needs to preserve national
As you know, the U.S. has export restrictions on
certain encryption products that may or may not
interfere with the development of encryption
products designed to secure communications and
transactions. These restrictions have been the
subject of recently proposed legislation in
committees in both the House and Senate.
Because of our responsibility over electronic
commerce, we seek to have your views on a number
of the issues related to the various bills.
Therefore, we request that you provide written
answers to the following questions by April 25,
1997: (1) With the understanding that there are
no domestic restrictions on encryption products,
please provide examples where national security
may be jeopardized by the relaxation of current
American export restriction policy, as
incorporated in Executive Order 13026 and
implemented, in part, in the corresponding Bureau
of Export Administration rules of December 30,
1996. Are there remedies other than export
restrictions that would provide the United States
government the access it needs to encrypted
communications, e.g., increased funding for new
advanced computers? (2) How significant is your
agencies= consultive role with the Department of
Commerce within the current export restrictions?
Should this role be strengthened or is it even
necessary? How much additional application
process time does your agencies= consultive role
add to the Department of Commerce=s procedures?
(3) It is commonly accepted that current
encryption export restrictions imposed by the
Administration will delay the proliferation of
advanced encryption products, but that it is
inevitable that advanced encryption products will
be developed world-wide. In your opinion, do
export restrictions prevent the development and
distribution of advanced encryption products? (4)
Are foreign import restrictions consistent with
the Administration=s policy? Please identify the
countries that have import restrictions and those
that have stated their intent not to have any
import restrictions. If the United States relaxes
its export restrictions, do you anticipate that
foreign nations will increase their import
In addition, we request that your staff analyze
and submit their comments on the following: (1)
the current export restrictions; (2) the
congressional bills introduced that would alter
export policy (H.R. 695, S. 376, S. 377); and (3)
any other analysis related to encryption export
policy your organization has prepared.
Please have your staff contact John Morabito or
Tricia Paoletta of the Commerce Committee staff
at (202) 225-2927 if you have any questions
regarding the above request. We thank you in
advance for your assistance. With kindest
regards, we are
Tom Bliley
Rick White
Member of Congress
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-03-25 07:31:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato Institute paper on "Lessons from FCC Regulation" 
[I read through most of this paper last night. It doesn't say anything new
about the CDA per se, but it is worth reading for what it says about way
the Fairness Doctrine was used to intimidate political opponents, and how
government controls over the content of speech are intolerable. --Declan]
   Linkname: 270. Chilling the Internet? Lessons from FCC
   Filename:                                             CHILLING THE INTERNET?
             Lessons from FCC Regulation of Radio Broadcasting                    by Thomas W. Hazlett and David W. Sosa
                              Executive Summary
     Congress included the Communications Decency Act in the
     Telecommunications Act, which was signed into law on February 8,
     1996. The CDA sought to outlaw the use of computers and phone lines
     to transmit "indecent" material and provided jail terms and heavy
     fines for violators. Proponents of the act argue that it is
     necessary to protect minors from undesirable speech on the
     burgeoning Internet. The CDA was immediately challenged in court by
     the American Civil Liberties Union, and the special three-judge
     federal panel established to hear the case recently declared the
     act unconstitutional. Yet its ultimate adjudication remains in
     doubt.
     Ominously, the federal government has long experimented with
     regulations designed to improve the content of "electronic" speech.
     For example, the Fairness Doctrine, imposed on radio and television
     stations until 1987, was an attempt to establish a standard of
     "fair" coverage of important public issues. The deregulation of
     content controls on AM and FM radio programming, first under the
     Carter Federal Communications Commission in early 1981 and then
     under the Reagan FCC (which abolished the Fairness Doctrine in
     1987), led to profound changes in radio markets. Specifically, the
     volume of informational programming increased dramatically
     immediately after controls were ended--powerful evidence of the
     potential for regulation to have a "chilling effect" on free
     speech.
                                       *******
        Thomas W. Hazlett is a professor of agricultural and resource
     economics and director of the Program on Telecommunications Policy,
        University of California, Davis. David W. Sosa is a doctoral
      student in the Department of Agricultural and Resource Economics,
      University of California, Davis. This article originally appeared
      in the Michigan Telecommunications and Technology Law Review, an
              online journal, and is reprinted with permission.

@_date: 1997-03-27 11:42:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: heavensgate.com? 
Does anyone have a copy of the heavensgate.com web pages?
I've found a couple mirrors of Higher Source already.
(If you don't know what I'm talking about, look at
If you want to send something anonymously, finger -l declan at eff.org for my
PGP public key.

@_date: 1997-03-27 16:50:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: heavensgate.com? 
I was typing quickly and carelessly. If you want to send me something
that's anonymous *and* encrypted, that's when my public key would come in
That invitation still stands, of course, for anyone who wants to pass
along any info on the Heaven's Gate organization.
Anyway, we put a mirror up at:

@_date: 1997-05-01 22:38:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Disaster--"Use a cipher, go to prison" 
Tim -
It's too bad we may not see eye-to-eye on this one.
For what it's worth, CDT shares your concerns about the criminal provision
in the SAFE bill.  We believe that as currently written, the provision is
overly broad and could create a chilling effect on the everyday use of
encryption, and  unnecessary because it duplicates existing obstruction of
justice law.
We have expressed these concerns both publicly (in a letter to the
committee signed by EPIC, ACLU, EFF, VTW, CDT, and over 20 other
organizations - see   and
privately in conversations with the committee staff.  We hope to work with
the authors of SAFE to address these concerns, but, as you know, we are not
running this show and have to work with what the Congress gives us.
However, despite our concerns about the criminal provisions, we believe
strongly that the SAFE bill, and the bills in the Senate sponsored by Burns
and Leahy, are vitally important and should be passed.
As you know, the debate over encryption policy reform has been going on for
more than 4 years.  Despite all of our efforts to promote the use of
encryption, crypto is still not widely used by the public.
The Clinton administration has not backed off from their commitment to a
global key-escrow/key-recovery system with guaranteed law enforcement
access to private keys. And despite the brilliant work of EFF on the
various legal challenges to the export restrictions, we feel this issue
will only be fully resolved through legislation.
The status quo, in our view, is not good enough.  Because of the export
controls and the lack of a coherent US encryption policy, Internet users do
not have access to the privacy protecting encryption products they need.
Congress needs to stand up to the Administration and say, with a strong
voice, "your policy is a failure - we need a different solution".  That's
what SAFE, Pro-CODE, and ECPA II do.
 ** THE FIGHT FOR FREE SPEECH ONLINE IS IN THE HANDS OF THE SUPREME COURT **
      Find out the latest news and information about the case, visit
            --   Jonah Seiger, Communications Director              (v) +1.202.637.9800
Center for Democracy and Technology              pager +1.202.859.2151
                                                    PGP Key via finger

@_date: 1997-05-02 00:22:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bombs Away, from The Netly News Network 
The Netly News Network
May 1, 1997
Bombs Away
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
    Internet fear-mongering is back in vogue inside
the White House. The Clinton administration escalated
its assault on the Net this week, warning that it
provides bomb-making recipes to anyone "with a modem"
and proposing a new law to restrict such information.
     In a 53-page report released on Tuesday, the
Department of Justice alleges that criminals are
trawling cyberspace for how-to kits on making
explosives. "ATF statistics reflect that, between 1985
and June 1996, the investigations of at least 30
bombings and four attempted bombings resulted in the
recovery of bomb-making literature that the suspects
had obtained from the Internet," the report says. "A
member of the DoJ committee accessed a single web site
on the World Wide Web and obtained the titles of 110
different bomb-making texts."
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-05-02 21:08:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unSAFE 
declan at well.com
Well, I've read Mr. Davidson's defense of the SAFE bill and of course Mr. May's earlier argument against it.  A few more comments.
Both analyses (all analyses I've seen) ignore this little fun fun tidbit below:
(a) AMENDMENT TO EXPORT ADMINISTRATION ACT OF 1979. -- Section 17 of
the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2416) is amended
by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: "(1) GENERAL RULE.--Subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), the
Secretary shall have exclusive authority to control exports of all
computer hard ware, software, and technology for information security
(including encryption), except that which is specifically designed,
or modified for military use, including command, control, and
intelligence applications. "(2) ITEMS NOT REQUIRING LICENSES. -- No validated license may be
required, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO THE TRADING WITH THE ENEMY ACT OR THE
INTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY ECONOMIC POWERS ACT (but only to the extent
that the authority of such Act is not exercised to extend controls
imposed under this Act), for the export or reexport of (b) CONTINUATION OF EXPORT ADMINISTRATION ACT.-For purposes of
carrying out the amendment made by subsection (a), the Export
Administration Act of 1979 shall be deemed to be in effect.
{emphasis added, EXCEPT....ACT}
The Trading with the Enemy Act was passed in 1917 and amended
(importantly) in 1933 (Great Depression, New Deal).  Originally, it
was intended to simply declare that when the nation was at war, it
was total war - the US would not honor any obligations or respect
any rights of citizens of enemy, warring countries.  It specifically
allowed the president to regulate as he wished, during wartime, the
assets and fiscal transactions conducted by an enemy country. (Confiscation and all that).  Fair enough, for a WWI era law.
Here how it read.  Recall, this is during a declared war only.
"That the President may investigate, regulate, or prohibit, under
such rules and regulations as he may prescribe, by means of licenses
or otherwise, any transactions in foreign exchange, export or
earmarkings of gold or silver coin or bullion or currency, transfers
of credit in any form (other than credits relating solely to
transactions to be executed wholly within the United States)". In 1933 it was amended, hastily, sneakily, back-door-ily, in order
to grant incoming President Roosevelt extraordinary powers over the
money supply of the nation.  It was amended to declare all citizens
of the United States to be "enemies", under its power during any
time of war *or national emergency*.  That is, the "Trading with the
Enemy" act now applied to all citizens of the US and all of their
interpersonal transactions.  Roosevelt declared a national
emergency, and took the country off the gold standard, pumping cash
into the system and ending the depression.  But doing so required
power not earlier available.
Thus the new wording below.  This is now during war *or national emergency declared by the president*.
"through any agency that he may designate, or otherwise, investigate,
regulate or prohibit under such rules and regulations as he may
prescribe by means of licenses or otherwise, any transactions in
foreign exchange, transfers of credit between or payments by banking
institutions as defined by the President and export, hoarding,
melting or earmarking of gold or silver coin or bullion or currency
by any person within the United States or anyplace subject to the
jurisdiction thereof." Roosevelt of course declared a national emergency and proceeded on his way.  However, he declared it in such a way as to make it continue until revoked.  This country remains in a state of emergency today, and will do so forthe foreseeable future, and the President retains the extraordinary powers intended solely for wartime.
These include the total ability to regulate commerce in the United I recommend Michael Froomkin's excellent (and lengthy) article on the subject at Although about the Clipper chip, if you go about 60% through the article he has a solid discussion of the EAA, IEEPA and the presidential power thereunder.  It's 50 U.S.C. Sec. 1701 and following.  Section 1702 there has the meat of it.
This Act allows the President, once he has declared a state of emergency, to regulate essentially any commerce with another nation, except those items directly identified as "speech" - magazines, papers, etc.
President Clinton has twice declared a state of emergency regarding export control regulations, the latest on August 15, 1996.
Mr. Seiger, Mr. Davidson, I hope that you merely did not understand
the giant, drive-a-truck-through loophole present in this SAFE bill.
By guaranteeing free export EXCEPT pursuant to whatever actions are
taken under the IEEPA or Trading with the Enemy Act, it guarantees
absolutely nothing at all.  Those laws combined provide the President
with complete power to regulate the sale or export of crypto,
anywhere.  This law, Mr. Davidson's assertions notwithstanding,
gives nothing at all while taking a great deal.
Every "right" the SAFE act grants is already possessed.  The law also poses severe penalties for using crypto in furtherance of a crime.  As an example, I call Crook 2 on my cell phone while cruising down the street.  It is later determined that we were plotting a bank heist.  Extra five years for using encryption to further my crime.  Yep, just a plain old cell phone.  For that matter, almost all cordless phones today use an encrypt/decrypt routine for their transmissions as well.
Anyone using PGP on their computer?  Crime involved at least one email sent for any reason?  Extra five years.  This will hardly support the spread of encryption.
It gives law enforcement guaranteed access to keys: an awful
precedent.  Any law enforcement officer or investigative officer
(attornies prosecuting a case) who is empowered to prosecute or
participate in the prosecution of offenses under this act may compel
disclosure of keys.  All one needs is an escrow provision to ensure
that such a key is available for the government to retrieve - and
such a provision is perfectly legal for the president to impose. Thus, an FBI agent, who is "empowered" to investigate crimes under
this act, can compel disclosure, by a third party, of your keys -
without cause to even believe an offense has actually been
committed.  Without judicial review.  This will further the spread
of strong crypto?
I freely admit I'm not an expert US export control law, which is
designed to be confusing.  But I believe that all of the privacy and
crypto organizations which have signed on to SAFE are being sold a
bill of goods, a law which says in bold letters "freedom" "freedom"
"prohibition" but provides no freedoms, and does not prohibit key
escrow in any fashion.  I urge you _most strongly_ to consult with
legal experts on these matters and verify that what I have said is
true.  THIS BILL GIVES NOTHING AT ALL AND MAKES USE OF CRYPTO WORTH
FIVE YEARS IN PRISON.  Continued support of this bill by privacy and
crypto advocates is outrageous.  Newsletters supporting this bill by
such organizations have the effect of perpetuating the false
impressions of what this law does and does not do, and need to be
immediately brought in line with reality.  While I am only cc'ing
CDT reps on this matter, I give free permission to forward this post
to any/all other crypto and privacy supporting organizations or
listservs for comment.

@_date: 1997-05-03 00:15:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TWO Letters on SAFE 
Thanks, Marc, for posting the URL for CDT's letter urging the House
subcommittee to approve SAFE without amendment. I was quoting from memory.
No, Shabbir, I don't think I owe anyone a "big fucking apology."

@_date: 1997-05-04 10:34:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TWO Letters on SAFE 
Sorry, Shabbir, that doesn't cut it. You said I did my research "poorly,"
when in fact I was correct to say CDT asked the subcommittee to approve the
SAFE bill unchanged. Perhaps you should take your own advice next time and
do a bit of factchecking.
And I'm not "attacking" CDT. I'm not calling them "traitors to the
republic," as some others have. I simply posted this:
 >>* Didn't CDT, unlike the other groups like EPIC/ACLU/EFF/ATR, send a
 >>letter to the House subcommittee on April 29 urging that SAFE be approved
 >>without any changes? (I'm in Oklahoma right now and I have a copy of that
 >>letter in my office in DC, but that's what I remember.)
If that's an "attack," I'm Dorothy Denning.
I'm surprised, and disappointed, that you're so thin-skinned -- and so
eager to savage those who share your objectives: no export controls and no
domestic laws relating to encryption.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-05-10 09:05:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bill of Goods, from The Netly News Network 
The Netly News Network
May 9, 1997
Bill of Goods
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     Senate Democrats are preparing legislation that
requires universities and other groups receiving
Federal grants to make their communication networks
snoopable by the government, The Netly News has
learned. The draft also includes penalties for
"unauthorized breaking of another's encryption codes,"
and restrictions on importing encryption products.
     At a Democratic leadership press briefing, Sen.
Bob Kerrey (D-Neb.) yesterday said his bill slightly
relaxed export rules in exchange for greater federal
control over crypto imports. But what he appears to be
truly aiming for is a full-scale assault on your right
to use whatever encryption software you want in your
own home.
     Academics are indignant over the strings attached
to grants. "This is outrageous," says Dave Farber, a
university professor at the University of Pennsylvania
and an EFF board member. "It's going to generate
roaring screams on campus. If you look at Internet II,
if you look at the Next Generation Internet, if you
look at campus networks -- all those have components
of federal funds."
     It's diabolical. Researchers already have to
comply with a legion of rules to qualify for grants.
Kerrey's proposed bill, called "The Secure Public
Network Act," would add yet another provision to the
fine print. It requires that "all encryption software
purchased with federal funds shall be software based
on a system of key recovery" and "all encrypted
networks established with the use of federal funds
shall use encryption based on a system of key
recovery." Key recovery, or key escrow, technology
enables law-enforcement officials to obtain copies of
the mathematical keys needed to decipher messages. In
other words, someone else keeps a copy of your secret
key -- and some proposed bills say that the cops may
not even need a search warrant to seize it.
     And not just universities will be jump-starting
the market for domestic key escrow. Organizations from
defense contractors to the United States Institute of
Peace to the American Red Cross receive federal
     "This is out-and-out industrial policy," says Jim
Lucier of Americans for Tax Reform. "It's going to
affect every technology there is for doing business on
the Net."
     What about the penalties for "unauthorized
breaking of another's encryption codes?" That would
criminalize cryptanalysis, the way to verify the
security of encryption software you buy. "The only way
to know the strength of a cipher is cryptanalysis,"
says Marc Briceno, a cryptography guru at Community
     Then there's Kerrey's statement saying "there
will be" restrictions on what encryption products
you're permitted to buy from overseas firms. This
contradicts Justice Department official Michael Vatis,
who told me at a conference this year that the Clinton
administration did not want import controls. Though
Cabe Franklin, spokesperson for Trusted Information
Systems, says Kerrey was misunderstood. "In the
briefing afterwards, I found out he didn't mean that
at all. He meant import controls, but more regulation
than restriction. The same way they wouldn't let a car
with faulty steering controls in the country. He meant
more quality control," Franklin says. (I don't know
about you, but I'm not convinced.)
     But the real question is: Why does Kerrey think
this rat-bastard bill has any chance of passing
through Congress, especially when there's already
legislation that would generally relax controls on
crypto? After all, Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.)'s "SAFE"
bill already has 86 cosponsors and shot out of
subcommittee last week. Sen. Conrad Burns' (R-Mont.)
"Pro-CODE" bill is headed for markup next month.
     The answer is simple: this a trading chit that
the White House and the Democratic leadership can play
to water down the Burns and Goodlatte bills, and
perhaps meld all three together.
     The Democratic strategy makes sense. Members of
Congress are driven by a fierce, desperate urge to
compromise. The drive is primal: legislators are
compelled to find a middle ground. But to their
chagrin, crypto doesn't offer one. Either you keep a
copy of the electronic keys to your files or someone
else does -- which is exactly what the White House
wants. Either you're free to speak privately over the
Net using PGP, or you're not -- which is exactly what
the White House also wants.
     This may seem like a lot of high-powered
attention on an obscure subject; after all, encryption
does nothing more than scramble, verify and reassemble
bits of information. Besides ensuring that your
messages are private, encryption provides the
protocols for scrambling credit card numbers and
minting electronic coins. It allows digital
signatures, proofs of identity online, digital time
stamps and even secure electronic voting. It lets
anonymous remailers exist. It supplies the foundation
and steel girders for an information society.
     Kerrey's sudden interest in cryptologic arcana
likely stems from a recent addition to his staff:
policy aide Chris McLean.
     McLean is hardly a friend of the Net. While in
former Sen. Jim Exon's (D-Neb.) office, McLean drafted
the notorious Communications Decency Act and went on
to prompt Exon to derail "Pro-CODE" pro-encryption
legislation last fall. Then, not long after McLean
moved to his current job, his new boss stood up on the
Senate floor and bashed Pro-CODE in favor of the White
House party line: "The President has put forward a
plan which in good faith attempts to balance our
nation's interests in commerce, security, and law
     Now, more ominously, McLean just might be Bill
Clinton's appointee to fill a vacant slot at the
Federal Communications Commission. If you think the
White House is out to slam the Net, imagine what the
FCC could do...  Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-05-10 10:25:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Tax the Net! Report from Capitol Hill... 
Reply-To: declan at well.com
X-FC-URL: Fight-Censorship is at So I'm sitting in this rundown basement meeting room in the
Rayburn House office building listening to a bunch of DC
policy wonks spout off about Internet taxation. Too bad
I'll have to wait to get back to the bureau to log in.
Gotta get Strosser in Purchasing to get me that radio
modem. It'll be great for playing networked Quake when
Senate Judiciary hearings are yawners.
Bruce Cohen from the Treasury Department is speaking.
Horn-rimmed glasses, nondescript blue suit, definitely a
geek. Tries a joke: "I hope there are no criminal tax
evaders in the audience." It flubs; folks glance at each
other nervously. I lean over to the guy from Cox's office
next to me and whisper, "I guess that's IRS humor." He
deadpans, "For what it's worth."
Cohen is praising a Treasury Department white paper
released last fall that says basically "No New Net Taxes."
That's true. But you have to read the fine print. Which I
did. That's where one finds the very clear suggestion that
existing tax laws must be extended to encompass the
Internet -- in the kind of clumsy and misinformed way that
has typified federal forays into legislating online
"We have a tax system based on a 19th century model of
industry," Cohen continues. "Cash poses problems for cash
administrators. Electronic cash poses additional problems."
It does. The guy from IBM admitted a couple minutes ago
that if I buy _physical goods_ over the Net and have 'em
shipped to my zip code (20036), then the usual taxes should
apply. Just like mail order. But problems arise when the
product sold is virtual. If I buy a copy of an email
program from Poland, pay for it with digital cash from an
Amsterdam bank, and get a partial refund from a firm in
Singapore, which government taxes what? No wonder the
Internet Caucus decided to organize today's luncheon.
Everyone on the Hill's still scratching their heads.
Now Americans for Tax Reform's Jim Lucier (a longtime f-c
subscriber) is at the podium. He recommends "reengineering
the tax code" to address some of the unique aspects of the
Net. A steely silence descends on the room. Okay, that
ain't gonna happen. Too bad. Lucier is one of the few folks
in the room who has a clue about the Net.
To be sure, cypherpunks have anticipated these regulatory
problems for years. I remember Lucky Green, a digital cash
guru and veteran 'punk, stopping by my apartment last
summer. Over beers, we talked crypto-anarchy: as more and
more transactions move online, as more folks become
"knowledge workers," as they get paid in foreign e-cash for
writing or hacking code, the Feds' ability to tax income
(and virtual spending) will suffer.
But that doesn't mean taxes disappear. (Yeah, I know. What
a shame.) Governments always will be able to tax physical
purchases and meatspace property. When I buy a loaf of
bread at my favorite organic grocery down on Columbia Road,
the Man can monitor the grocer to ensure he reports the
transaction. Or property taxes: governments will always be
able to extract 'em. Taxes will shift from income to sales
and property.
Things are winding down. Aaron from White's office is
asking for questions. Embarassed silence. Nobody asks any.
Is it because nobody understands the stuff or because
everybody understands the stuff?
Time passes. Yep, the silence is definitely caused by
nobody wanting to sound stupid. Aaron gives up. The
panelists get to ask each other questions instead. Lucier
starts rambling about the economics of tax policy, but
nobody can understand, so we all ignore it.
Then Mark Rhoads, the guy supposedly representing the state
legislators, stands up. He says the only funny thing of the
afternoon: "I worked for Dirksen when he wasn't a
building." Or something like that. Maybe you had to be
Anyway, he doesn't like the Cox-Wyden bill that would
prevent states from taxing the Net: "I'll give you a
nightmare scenario. What if you had a garage sale and
invited 80 million people to your garage sale. I happen to
be a collector of antique plates. The efficiency the
Internet creates allows me to find people. The
complications involved in taxing that at either the federal
or state level are amazing."
Anyone want to bet that's going to stop 'em from trying?
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-05-10 12:21:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bill of Goods, from The Netly News Network 
Thanks, Tim. I've decided I should ditch the Time Magazine style I think
of as "high analysis" and return to more opinionated writing. I feel
better about the latter, and I think it's more interesting to read. That's
what I was doing at HotWired; I've been experimenting more at Netly.
BTW, there may be some hope on the "encryption to further a crime" provisions of SAFE. Folks, I'd keep up the pressure. Contact yer
representatives, etc. Especially if they're on House Judiciary.

@_date: 1997-05-14 07:53:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... 
The Net's crypto wet-dreams were demolished this afternoon by a
Congressional committee's fear of coffee-drenched kids and the Ku
Klux Klan.
A two-hour debate over whether KKK volunteers could be sued for
spilling coffee on an 8-year old at a bake sale blew through
millions of dollars in billable lobbyist-hours and prevented the
House Judiciary Committee from voting on Rep. Bob Goodlatte's
(R-VA) SAFE crypto bill today.
Somnolent yet somehow alert, Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich) wasted an
hour sparring with the avuncular Rep. Henry Hyde (R-Illinois) over
the "Volunteer Protection Act," which insulates people volunteering
for nonprofit organizations from civil liability.
But would that apply to the KKK, wondered Conyers? Is the KKK a
registered 501(c)(3) organization under the IRS code? What about
501(c)(4) organizations? What if a KKK member decided to build houses
for Habitat for Humanity?
I kid you not: these are the questions that the august House
Judiciary committee grapples with. The members ran out of time
and never got around to voting on SAFE.
It was a bizzare meeting, to be sure, but at least one point made
sense: these decisions should be left to the states, not imposed on
them by the Feds. Some Congressmen even cited the landmark Supreme
Court decision in _Lopez_, which shortened the reach of the Federal
government. Conyers: "Someone has to explain why this is a federal
issue." Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-NY): "I don't see why it's necessary
for the federal government to invade."
Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass) coughed up an odd position: he likes the
bill, but wants to make sure his GOP colleagues appreciate that
this bill would screw the states. (It uses the Constitution's
"interstate commerce clause" to justify the Feds interfering.)
Frank said: "The notion that the coach of the Little League is
involved in interstate commerce -- unless the third baseline is in
another state -- strikes me as a hard sell. A dispute involving the
coach in a little league will now be federalized... I don't have a
problem with that... I do insist, however, that those in the past
who have invoked [states' rights understand that] this is an
obliteration of Lopez."
Those were the high points of the debate, and it went downhill from
there. Frank claimed that the Civil War meant that states have no
rights. Someone rambled about girl scouts in South Carolina.
Someone else spoke passionately about "standards of tortious
behavior." Then there was talk about tricyles and hammers.
By this time, the audience was falling asleep. I counted 10 people
nodding off before I ran out of fingers.
A frustrated Hyde tried to broker a deal: "If your staff person can
work with your staff person, can you draft replacement language?"
Conyers replied. "We're trying to help chairman Hyde. We've got 12
minutes [left]. There's no way in the world we're going to allow
hate group hangers-on to be exempted from simple negligence."
It worked. By 5:15 pm, after a dozen amendments, the committee
passed the "Volunteer Protection Act." As for SAFE -- well, if
you're a Congressman faced with the choice of bashing the KKK or
tackling crypto policy, what would you do?
-By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com) and Will Rodger
(rodger at worldnet.att.net), who refuses to wear a tie to these
events any more.

@_date: 1997-05-14 08:30:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada bans anonymous political speech, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network
May 13, 1997
No, Canada
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     Krishna Bera wasn't surprised when the order from
the Canadian government arrived last Friday. It was
couched in the stilted language of universal
bureaucratese, but its message was cold and clear:
Purge a political endorsement from your web site or go
to jail.
     Bera's offending web page had said simply, "Vote
Green." It didn't exhort its readers to commit a
crime. It wasn't libelous or defamatory. It didn't
even feature any porn. Yet the pro-Green Party
statement was enough to draw the ire of the
commissioner of elections, for Canada has a rule,
buried in the 187-page Elections Act, that prohibits
anonymous political recommendations. And Bera's web
page was unsigned.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-05-14 13:06:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... 
Nope, SAFE isn't dead. I'll bet you a couple bucks it'll make it out of
House Judiciary in about 14 hours. Markup Wednesday at 1:30 pm, followed
by a vote on the flag burning amendment. (Oh baby!)
Goodlatte came up to me after the subcommittee vote not long ago and told
me how he had the votes on Judiciary to get it through, no sweat. But then
it goes I believe to International Relations as part of a sequential
referral. We'll see what happens there. More opposition, certainly.
There's some minor good news. The "crypto in furtherance of a crime" provision likely will be yanked in favor of an eight-part test that's
going to be pretty damn tough for prosecutors to prove. I have the text on
my Duo and I'm on my NeXT, so I won't include it here but I may send it
along later. (BTW, I just installed Mach Ten on my Duo. Finally, a csh
prompt on a Mac!) Still, I'm not happy with it. I think the best way to deal with the crypto
embargo is to let the courts decide. (I'm particularly a fan of Peter's
lawsuit.) That, and write code.

@_date: 1997-05-14 13:21:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: KKK derails crypto bill, report from House Judiciary... 
I appreciate William's comments, but he fails to understand the reality of
the situation. Let's forget about the "furtherance" provision for a
Congress is not passing a new law in lifting export controls. Rather, it
is reducing the sweep of one it already passed that the White House has

@_date: 1997-05-15 12:45:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAFE vote and cutting crypto-deals, report from House Judiciary 
You get a sense of the inevitable when you're handed a
stack of press releases congratulating a committee for
passing a bill -- an hour before the vote happens.
That's what happened this afternoon when the House
Judiciary committee unanimously approved SAFE, a bill
that generally loosens export controls on crypto.
Now, today's vote doesn't mean that the bill will move
to the floor unmolested, and it doesn't mean that all
its problems have been fixed. The Judiciary Committee
doesn't have jurisdiction over export relaxations, and
the bill's opponents pledged to fight when the measure
moves to the International Relations committee. Then
there's that portion about using crypto in a crime:
it's been modified, cleaned up, but not removed.
High and low points of today's hearing. I'll keep these
short since I've got to get to sleep:
* In another blow to the White House, the New Democrat
  Coalition is demanding that the White House change its
  crypto-policy. A letter the group of centrist Dems
  sent to Clinton today said: "We are deeply concerned
  that current policy restricting exports of
  cryptography technology poses a real threat to U.S.
  dominance..."
* The heinous section of the law that would create
  broad new Federal felonies for some uses of crypto was
  replaced. The amendment, offered by Rep. Delahunt
  and adopted unanimously includes eight hurdles:
  It's a solid improvement, but this language still has
  no business becoming law. Problem is, nobody seems to
  have the balls to stand up and yank it. Delahunt,
  the amendment's sponsor, said the bill without the
  amendment "could have a chilling effect on the
  development and use of encryption." He added: "I
  recognize that some supporters of this amendment would
  like that this section be removed altogether." But it
  doesn't seem likely.
* The word on the streets is compromise. Hyde, chair
  of House Judiciary, brokered a meeting in his offices
  yesterday bringing together spooks, law enforcement,
  Goodlatte, and staffers. He says they're "very close
  to resolving any difficulties."
  Rep. McCollum chimed in: "It's just a matter of time
  before we work something out." Rep. Buyer said, and I
  am not making this up: "We should be good listeners to
  the NSA." Rep. Berman: "I hope there would be some way
  to bridge the differences between the administration
  and Goodlatte."
  More on this later...
* Rep. Hutchinson introduced an amendment that passed
  unanimously:
    (a) The Attorney General shall compile, and maintain
  Problem is, a similar provision is *ALREADY LAW*. (It
  passed last year as part of an omnibus spending bill.)
  Brock Meeks wrote about it in his last Muckraker
  column:   And this is bad news: we already know that piss-poor
  crypto -- we're talking Brian Milburn-style, or
  WordPerfect strength -- has interfered with
  investigations. But with the NSA's help, cops were
  able to tunnel through it.
  That's why the Feds should be looking not at whether
  it *interferes* with an investigation, but whether it
  has *derailed* one. At least when the NRC report came
  out last year, not one investigation was derailed
  through the use of crypto. But even if it has derailed
  an investigation -- well, that may be the price of
  freedom...
* Rep. McCollum (R-Fl), a real Big Brother type of guy,
  added  an amendment to page 4, line 14 that passed
  unanimously. Addition is in caps:
     Subsection (a) shall not afect the authority of any
     investigative or law enforcement officer OR ANY MEMBER
     OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY acting under any law in
     effect on the effective date of this chapter, to gain
     access to encrypted information.
  Now what the hell does this mean? Says McCollum: ""it
  is truly a technical amendment."
* Rep. Rothman was the only one who pointed out how
  government access to keys reduces freedom: "It raises
  civil libertarian and totalitarian issues for me." He
  recounted how at a recent hearing he asked the
  administration: "Let's cut to the chase: do you want
  to mandate this access?" The reply: "No, no, no."
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Congress
desperately wants to compromise. They're aching to
split the difference, cut a deal, and screw the pooch
in the process. Just watch for the backroom scheming
over the next few months. And if the worst features of
all the crypto-bills are combined into one package
that's attached to a huge spending bill that "just has
to go through" -- well, don't say I didn't warn you...

@_date: 1997-05-15 22:47:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAFE vote and cutting crypto-deals, report from House Judiciary 
I'm more than a little surprised at your take on this amendment.  This
exact language wasn't created by Representatives who don't know better, it
was created, shopped, and marketed to the hill by the folks at the ACLU
(Don Haines) and EPIC.  In response to concerns from the net, they
coordinated the letter from many groups to Goodlatte about the criminal
provision which just about everyone signed onto.
Then, EPIC and the ACLU worked out the language above, and got it passed
verbatim in response to the concerns of the net community.  They did a
great job here and really deserve a lot of kudos.  Why are you slighting
their work?

@_date: 1997-05-15 22:54:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAFE vote and cutting crypto-deals, report from House Judiciary 
You're mistaken. I'm not "slighting their work" -- I called it a "solid
Yeah, I know who shopped this around. I spoke with David and Don about
this last week, and didn't write about it then for fear of jeopardizing
their negotiations.
And come on, you're "more than a little surprised" by my take? Give me a
break. My position now is consistent with my position before -- and comes
as no surprise. Reread my previous posts. But you're missing the point: this whole "crypto in a crime" section
should not be in this bill in the first place. The new portion is much
better than the old, but it still has no business being law.

@_date: 1997-05-15 23:30:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAFE vote and cutting crypto-deals, report from House Judiciary 
Declan McCullagh Declan and Shabbir,
I thought it might be helpful to your dialouge to give you the ACLU's
current views about SAFE. The language significantly limiting the
criminalization provision was indeed drafted by EPIC and the ACLU. Don
Haines and Dave Sobel did a great The language was an improvement , but it doesn't belong in the bill and we
are still lobbying to have the criminalization provision removed. All of us in the cyber liberties community need to watch this legislation
very carefully. It could easily get much worse as a "compromise" is reached
with the Administration. In the end,the bill could be laden with amendments
on issues like key recovery that defeat our purpose of making strong and
secure encryption generally available.
At some point, we may need to say that no bill is better than a bad bill.

@_date: 1997-05-16 10:21:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MSNBC poll on crypto 
Should the United States
       remove restrictions on
       the export of powerful
       encryption technology?
       * 283 responses
       Unequivocally yes (84.1%)
       Yes, but only if law enforcement
       is given the keys to break the
       encryption when necessary.
       (9.9%)
       No, maintain the status quo.
       (1.8%)
       No. In fact, the restrictions
       should be tightened. (4.2%)

@_date: 1997-05-22 05:26:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Press Release -- NetFortress Added to GSA Schedule (fwd) 
NETFORTRESS  ADDED TO GSA SCHEDULE
Breakthrough Network Security Solution Now Widely Available to Government
Tampa, FL.... Digital Secured Networks (DSN) Technology announced today that
its advanced encryption product, the NetFortress, has been listed on the
federal procurement schedule of the General Services Administration (GSA).
The NetFortress was added to the GSA schedule of one of DSN's federal market
VARs, Patriot Technologies Inc.
The addition of the NetFortress to the GSA Schedule ( makes
DSN's breakthrough encryption products widely available to customers
throughout the federal government.  Since the GSA Schedule functions as an
approved, "one-stop shop" for federal purchases, it also will shorten the
overall procurement process for federal purchasers.
"Availability and affordability are the keys for federal buyers," said
Raymond L. Weadock, DSN's President and Chief Executive Officer.
"Purchasing NetFortress products through the GSA schedule will simplify the
overall procurement process, and enable our federal customers to integrate
our superior security solutions quickly and efficiently." "The GSA listing for the NetFortress is an important part of our federal
sales efforts," Weadock continued.  "We have seen a significant increase in
federal customers as a result of the recent success of the NetFortress in
tests at multiple government testbeds.  We anticipate that the GSA listing
will enhance the attractiveness of our product in many of these buying
The NetFortress stands out from other network security products because of
its unique combination of high-speed data throughput and fully-automated
encryption, authentication and key management technologies. Its
hardware-based design utilizes algorithm-independent encryption at the
network layer (supports IDEA, DES, Triple DES and FEAL), enhanced by dynamic
random key exchanges every 24 hours.  The NetFortress offers superior
security and high-speed performance in an easy-to-deploy, low-cost package.
About DSN Technology:
Digital Secured Networks (DSN) Technology was founded in 1995 by Dr. Aharon
Friedman and Mr. Andrew Savas.  Dr. Friedman, DSN's Chairman and Chief
Technology Officer, invented the breakthrough encryption technology
incorporated into the NetFortress product line.  DSN Technology is a
privately-held company.  For further information, please visit the company
website at   About Patriot Technologies:
Patriot Technologies, Inc., develops integrated, turnkey Internet solutions
for business, education and government clients world-wide.  With more than
50 years of computer industry experience, Patriot specializes in the design
and implementation of Internet applications for enterprise systems, with
growing concentration in the area of network security.  Key federal clients
include the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Justice, and U.S.
Department of Energy.  Further information may be obtained from the company
website at  or by calling 301/417-9899.

@_date: 1997-05-26 04:19:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Post on crypto 
Does anyone have a cite to last fall's wrongheaded Washington Post
editorial on crypto? My easily-accessible archives go back only to last

@_date: 1997-05-30 23:59:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton on privacy and the Internet 
Todd and Declan:
I assume you've both seen this quote about privacy (below) from Clinton's
commencement speech last week.  Declan, you might want to put up on the FC
list -- if you haven't already.
              Third, technology should not be used to break down the
              wall of privacy and autonomy free citizens are guaranteed in
a free
              society.  The right to privacy is one of our most cherished
              As society has grown more complex and people have become more
              interconnected in every way, we have had to work even harder to
              respect the privacy, the dignity, the autonomy of each
                           Today, when marketers can follow every aspect of our
              lives, from the first phone call we make in the morning to
the time
              our security system says we have left the house, to the video
              at the toll booth and the charge slip we have for lunch, we
              afford to forget this most basic lesson.
                           As the Internet reaches to touch every business
and every
              household and we face the frightening prospect that private
              information -- even medical records -- could be made instantly
              available to the world, we must develop new protections for
privacy in
              the face of new technological reality.  (Applause.)

@_date: 1997-05-31 02:19:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How much you lose under Social Security -- socialsecurity.org 
I'm over at the National Press Club now, just came from a Cato Institute
press conference unveiling their socialsecurity.org web site. It lets you
calculate your retirement income and compare how much you'd get from the
Federal government's Social Security "fund" compared with a private system
like a 401(k). And it's fun to play with. Let's say I was born in 1970 and make $30,000 a
year (BTW, I wasn't and don't). Assuming I retire at 67 and inflation is 3
percent, Social Security would give me $1,293 a month after I retire. And
that's if you assume Social Security won't go belly-up, a hard position to
maintain since its own trustees say it's underfunded by 25 to 33 percent.
Compare that to a stock fund, which yields so much more: $8,635 a month.
I can't think of a better argument to privatize Social Security and move
to a system like an IRA or 401(k), a solution the Cato folks have
advocated for years.
Before the big government folks out there criticize Cato's calculator for
being biased, let me point out KPMG Peat Marwick did all calculations and

@_date: 1997-06-01 00:22:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
I'm now more awake than I was before, and a little less
flippant, so let me try to respond to Marc's statement
saying my summary of his "views on privacy below are
just silly."
The initial question has to be not how you protect rights,
but how you define them. For example, we have a right
to speak freely; there should be strict limits on
government controls on free expression or the press.
The state has unique powers of coercion. Similarly,
there should be strict limits on government collection
of personal data about its citizens.
But transactional privacy is a different matter. Sure,
we may generally agree that privacy is the famous
"right to be left alone," but how does that extend to
what happens when I make an affirmative choice to
connect to a web site that might record some info
about my visit -- as an alternative to charging me?
Nobody's forcing me to visit that site. That's why
I'm starting to come around to the idea that privacy
is not a universal right but a preference. We need a
market in privacy, not inflexible FTC rulemaking.
Oh, and the much-touted European Privacy Directive has
made it near-impossible to exchange employee
information between branches of the same firm that are
physically in different countries. Bad move,

@_date: 1997-11-03 19:45:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Times: "FCC wants to extend V chip to computers" 
Front page:
"Not content to monitor the progrom on your television set, the FCC now
wants to install a vchip in your personal computer -- a move that could
extend the agency's reach into cyberspace...
"Lawmakers said the vchip law was intended only for TV sets..."
"Some question whether this will lead to FCC regulation of the Internet..."
Dave Banisar, Rep. Tauzin, Ed Black make appearances.

@_date: 1997-11-04 02:24:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Larry Lessig: a new CDA better than censorware? 
(I have been saying for some time that Professor Lessig, despite how he
characterizes himself, is no friend of freedom of speech. But here's where
the other shoe has dropped.)
 From the online edition of the New York Times:
 October 30, 1997
 By CARL S. KAPLAN
 Is a Better CDA Preferable To Opaque Censorship?
 he Communications Decency Act is dead, and most free speech advocates say,
 "good riddance." If there must be a solution to the problem of kids and
 cyber-pornography, let a thousand software-blocking packages bloom in
 homes, libraries and schools.
 Professor Lawrence Lessig of Harvard Law School is having none of this,
 however. In a recent controversial draft essay on the regulation of
 cyberspace, Lessig, a respected cyberlaw scholar, argues that if government
 must embrace a solution to indecent speech, a revamped CDA-like plan would
 be far more protective of traditional free speech values than the dangerous
 filtering products that many civil libertarians seem to love, or at least
 to prefer.
 "My sense is that this first major victory [in Reno v. ACLU]  has set us
 in a direction that we will later regret," Lessig writes, referring to the
 Supreme Court opinion striking down the CDA on First Amendment grounds.
 "It has pushed the problem of kids and porn towards a solution that will
 (from the perspective of the interest in free speech) be much worse. The
 (filtering products) touted by free speech activists in Reno are, in my
 view, far more restrictive of free speech interests than a properly
 crafted CDA."
 Lessig is not the first free speech advocate to damn filtering software.
 But he goes further than most in his nostalgia for a revised CDA. He also
 knows that his conclusions may invite some fury.
 "Promoting a CDA-like solution to the problemb of indecency is very much
 to step out of line," he writes. "I am not advocating a CDA-like solution
 because I believe there is any real problem. In my view, it would be best
 just to let things alone. But if Congress is not likely to let things
 alone, or at least if the President is more likely to bully a private
 solution then we need to think through the consequences of these different
 solutions. . . . We may well prefer that nothing be done. But if something
 is to be done, then whether through public or private regulation, we need
 to think about its consequences for free speech."
 Lessig's article, titled "What Things Regulate Speech," is a trove of
 ideas and legal scholarship on the permissible scope of government
 regulation of indecency, the evils of filtering and the nature of law in
 cyberspace, where restrictions on speech, for example, are apt to be
 enacted not by federal or state statues, but by minimally debated software
 codes. Happily, the article is written in plain English, not law school
 professor-ese. Many of the author's ideas have been expressed in earlier
 articles, law review essays and speeches.
 Boiled down and simplified, the main points of Lessig's CDA argument run
 like this:
 First, he argues that government has the power to place or "zone" hard-core
 pornography out of the reach of kids, so long as the means chosen is the
 least restrictive form of discrimination that existing technology permits.
 For example, Lessig notes that a California law making it a crime to sell
 porn in unattended vending machines, unless the machines are equipped with
 an adult identification system, was upheld by a Federal Appeals court. The
 Supreme Court earlier this year declined to review the case and thereby
 left the California law standing. In a historical footnote, the denial was
 issued in the same week the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in the CDA
 case w another matter involving the distribution of porn to kids.
 Next, Lessig points out that the success in the CDA case came in persuading
 the Court that other, less restrictive means for protecting children from
 porn were still available. The evils associated with the less restrictive
 means [ traditional blocking software ] are legion, however.
 For one thing, blocking software is crude because it tends to filter out
 too much [ sites opened to discuss AIDS or gay rights, for example ]
 because of mistaken associations with indecency. Also, blocking software is
 opaque, because the lists of banned sites are not published. Finally, the
 filtering companies, prompted by the demands of the market, tend to offer
 generalized censorship [ restrictions on access to a variety of potentially
 objectionable sites, from those dealing with violence to gambling ] not
 just censorship of so-called indecent sites.
 The upshot is that to the extent that government embraces filtering
 software, or mandates its use in libraries or schools, for example, such
 state action may be unconstitutional, because the government is exceeding
 its narrow justification in separating kids from hard-core pornography.
 As bad as private blocking is, PICS is worse, Lessig argues. PICS, an
 acronym for "Platform for Internet Content Selection," is a proposed
 labeling standard that makes it possible to rate and block material on the
 Net.
 "It was motivated as an alternative to the CDA," Lessig, 36, said in a
 recent telephone interview. "The MIT geniuses who thought it up realized
 it had broader potential that just blocking indecent speech."
 Like blocking software, PICS will probably be used as a general filtering
 tool w far exceeding the narrow interests of government, Lessig says.
 Another problem is the invisible nature of PICS: "If I use PICS on a
 search engine, and PICS returns two hits,  and blocks 8 hits, it doesn't
 back to me that 8 sites have fallen off the Earth," Lessig says.
 Most ominously, he argues, PICS can be imposed by anybody in the
 distribution chain. Thus a filter can be placed on an person's computer, or
 at the level of a company, an ISP or even a nation without the end user
 ever knowing it, Lessig says, making it easier for centralized censors to
 place filters on the Net.
 Taken together, filtering software and PICS lead to a hard-wired
 architecture of blocking that is antagonistic to the original free-wheeling
 and speech-enhancing values of the Internet, Lessig argues.
 By contrast, the scheme proposed by the old CDA wasn't that bad, he
 suggests. Of course, the original CDA was flawed because it went after a
 category of speech that was too vague to pass constitutional muster, Lessig
 says - a problem that CDA II could fix by taking sharper aim at hard-core
 pornography.
 More important, the scheme envisioned by the old law was somewhat
 protective of free speech values. Under the CDA, the "means" offered to
 separate kids from pornography was to put porn behind a wall that screened
 out kids with reasonable effectiveness. The technique was not filtering.  It
 was to set up identity checks on the doors through which people wanted to
 pass.
 This type of system has two things going for it, says Lessig. First, its
 restrictions extend only as far as the legitimate governmental interest w
 screening kids from porn. Second, it is unlikely to morph into a more
 comprehensive system for general censorship.
 Lessig adds that this type of identification system - contrary to the
 court's factual findings - is workable.
 Reaction to Lessig's ideas from the free-speech cohort is understandably
 mixed. James Boyle, a law professor at American University, for example,
 agrees with Lessig's point that people should be very suspicious of
 technological solutions to indecent speech on the Internet, like blocking
 software and PICS.
 "There's a kind of belief that technological solutions are pure and
 neutral. They have an allure - like Jetson's Jurisprudence," he says.
 "But I agree with Larry; people need to understand that technology isn't
 necessarily benign."
 Even so, Boyle is disinclined to reconsider the merits of the CDA adult
 identification scheme. "I do diverge there," he says, adding that it is
 impractical to be totally against filtering systems. "The question is how
 to design filtering systems so they have the maximum vibrancy."
 Jonathan Wallace, a New York lawyer and writer on cyberspace issues, also
 shares Lessig's skepticism on blocking software and PICS. But he thinks a
 dusting off of the CDA is "wrongheaded."
 Even assuming that an adult identification scheme were viable - which he
 doubts - Wallace asserts that any attempt to redefine indecent speech more
 narrowly would invite lawsuits from right-wing groups intent on proving
 that under their community standards, objectionable speech should be
 banned.
 Carl S. Kaplan at kaplanc at nytimes.com welcomes your comments and
 suggestions.
 Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

@_date: 1997-11-04 03:28:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on Censorware Summit, from Communications Daily 
Communications Daily
November 3, 1997, Monday
ONLINE SUMMIT ON KIDS' ISSUES SET FOR DEC.
   Broad-based effort by industry, consumer and advocacy groups to come up with
means to protect children who use Internet and online services will begin to
announce its solutions at summit meeting Dec. 1-3 in Washington. Summit, which
could involve as many as 300 participants, is result of meeting at White House
in July following Supreme Court decision to strike down key parts of
Communications Decency Act (CDA). At meeting, industry promised to find ways to
protect children.
   While original focus was on protecting children from pornography, plan is
being drawn up to include examination of other issues with children online such
as privacy and marketing. Longer term project could take another 6 months or as
long as year, said Christine Varney, ex-FTC member now in private practice who
is chmn. of summit. She was heavily involved with online issues during her
tenure at FTC.
   Varney said there will be other events next year, tentatively set for Feb.,
April, May and June, although structure for those hasn't been set. Idea was to
concentrate first on children's safety issues for Dec. meeting, she said in
interview. Dec. conference in Washington will announce tools and
that industry and interest groups have come up with in safety area, Varney
and there will be "concrete action at each stage" of process on issues to be
   Those recommendations aren't yet final, but could include some types of
rating system. Varney rejected notion that there are First Amendment concerns
involved, saying project "is not at all about censorship." Biggest danger, she
said, is that there could be single rating system -- it's not censorship if
there are many rating systems. Daniel Weitzner, deputy dir. of Center for
Democracy & Technology (CDT), one of groups that challenged CDA, agreed, saying
that key difference is between govt.'s taking role of censor and parents'
deciding what can be seen by children. He, too, said he was worried about
proposals for "some kind of mandatory labeling, which would be clearly
unconstitutional." Because of technical limitations, TV can accommodate
only one
system, Weitzner said, but computers are much more flexible. He added: "I know
of no interpretation of the First Amendment which says individuals, private
citizens, can't control what they read."
   There is some disagreement, however. David Banisar of Electronic Privacy
Information Center (EPIC) called meeting "censorware summit." He said it's
"attempting to undo what the Supreme Court did when it struck down the
CDA," and
"this is something that should be avoided because it's worse than the disease."
Banisar agreed no First Amendment restraint is involved, but more basic
principles of free speech can be violated by filtering tools and software that
could be used on national level.  That possibility, he said, is "equally as
dangerous as the CDA." Banisar said he's working with "a coalition of free
speech groups on alternatives" to summit. He said private industry and group
effort is more dangerous than legislation because "at least with legislation
there are certain rights under the First Amendment that can be applied."
   One of Varney's challenges in heading project is to bring together
groups who
spent years fighting each other over CDA and to determine whether there
could be
some areas of agreement. So far, she said, process has been working very well.
In addition to goal of coming up with recommendations on substance of issues is
goal of "creating partnerships where they didn't exist before," process
that she
said was particularly important because it's taking place as new medium
develops. She acknowledged that there must be concerted effort to maintain
on children in deliberations while persuading former opponents to "check their
differences at the door" on CDA and other issues. Donna Hughes, communications
dir. for Enough Is Enough, anti-child porn group, said she was pleased that
summit has adopted much of her group's agenda. She said she was "pleased to be
at the table, to work very closely with many people who we had debated for 3
years." One benefit of summit, she said, is to "get to know each other. That's
always constructive." Hughes said she doesn't view online summit process as
refighting of CDA issues, saying result of CDA debate was to focus public
attention on dangers to children. Varney agreed, saying that "great beauty" of
process is that "folks so divided on the CDA" are agreed on children's' issues.
   But Banisar takes different view. He said his group was part of anti-CDA
coalition that had view different from CDT. Now, he said, CDT is taking "a very
industry viewpoint on this." Commitment of America Online (AOL), another CDA
defendant and major sponsor of online summit, to free speech "has been premised
that it doesn't want to be held liable for what its people said. It doesn't
when it's censoring."

@_date: 1997-11-05 03:22:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senate Commerce cmte approves tax freedom bill 14-5 
[Right now I'm over at the Digital/Altavista summit to discuss rating
systems in search engines so I missed the vote. (Barry Steinhardt from the
ACLU just finished speaking. Sen. Judd Gregg, a CDA fan, spoke this
morning.) This bill limits local and state governments' ability to tax the
Net. --Declan]
(forwarded to me by a House staffer)

@_date: 1997-11-05 04:36:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Judd Gregg speaks on cyberporn 
Sen. Judd Gregg (R-NH) is the chairman of the Senate appropriations
committee's subcommittee that funds the FBI. Today he spoke at
Digital/AltaVista's "Summit on Internet Content Filtering & Third-Party
Rating." He said that he "disagreed with the Supreme Court" ruling that
struck down the CDA as unconstitutional. He praised the FCC and the V-chip.
He also said:
"In a recent study, the Carnegie Mellon Institute found 917,410 sexually
explicit pictures, short stories, and film clips online within an 18-month

@_date: 1997-11-08 03:10:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Return of the Living Zundel, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
November 6, 1997
Return of the Living Zundel
by Chris Stamper (cstamper at pathfinder.com)
        Does Ernst Zundel have the right to deny the Holocaust and brag
   about it on the Net? In the U.S. the answer is unequivocally yes. But
   in Canada, where Zundel resides, the Human Rights Commission has been
   holding hearings on whether the "Zundelsite" violates the country's
   hate speech laws. If Zundel loses the case, he'll be asked to pay
   damages and take any offending articles off the web site.
        "A lot of people think this case is about censoring the Net,"
   said Bernie Farber, national director of community relations for the
   Canadian Jewish Congress. "It isn't. It's about a Canadian violating
   Canadian law. In Canada and in every other Western democracy but the
   U.S., there are limits to free speech and one of those points is
   vilification. I should feel I have as much right to get on the Net and
   not feel demeaned because I'm a part of a particular group."
        A simple enough concept, except that the Canadian tribunal has no
   explicit jurisdiction over the Internet. However, it can regulate the
   phone system, and if the commission can equate Zundel's modems with
   answering machines and voice mail, it could set a precedent for
   regulating speech on the Net.
        Zundel claims that the whole case is simply an attempt by the
   commission to expand its powers into the realm of cyberspace. But then
   Zundel also claims that Hitler maintained a secret UFO base in
   Antarctica.
        The only certain truth about Zundel's case is that he's basking
   in free publicity as a result of the flap. "I was a nobody before they
   started hounding me," he told The Netly News. "Now everyone spells my
   name right. Every Canadian knows I think the Holocaust is a racket."

@_date: 1997-11-08 05:03:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: BXA mtg in DC, 12/9/97 
I'm planning to be there. I'm also going to be at IETF. Any recommendations
on which wg/sessions to attend?
Pretty closed. Unless someone pursues Lucky's recommendation.

@_date: 1997-11-08 06:26:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC, Canada, Mexico officials launch "health claim surf day" 
[From Nov 5 Natural Healthline. --Declan]
FTC Launches North American Health Claim Surf Day
by Michael Evers
The Federal Trade Commission recently joined with public health and
consumer  protection and information agencies from the United States,
Canada, and  Mexico to "surf" the Internet for potentially false or
deceptive  advertising claims concerning treatments or cures for heart
disease,  cancer, AIDS, diabetes, arthritis, and multiple sclerosis.
The FTC announced today that in just a few hours during the recently
conducted North American Health Claim Surf Day, Internet surfers
identified more than 400 World Wide Web sites and numerous Usenet
newsgroups that contain promotions for products or services purporting
to help cure, treat or prevent these six diseases.
The FTC said that it sent hundreds of Web sites and newsgroups e-mail
messages pointing out that advertisers must have evidence to back up
their claims. FTC staff will follow-up by revisiting the targeted sites
in the coming weeks to determine if changes have been made. Suspected
violators received an e-mail warning which said the following:
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), its federal and state law
enforcement  partners, and public health and consumer protection
agencies from Mexico  and Canada are sending you (and hundreds of other
Internet advertisers)  this message based upon a review of the promotion
you disseminated through  the Internet.
The FTC and its partners have NOT determined whether your Internet
promotion violates United States federal or state laws, Mexican law, or
Canadian law. Nevertheless, we want to remind you that when you make
health claims in promoting a product, service, or treatment, those
claims  must be truthful and non-deceptive.
Deceptive Acts or Practices Are Unlawful under the FTC Act
In the United States, Section 5 of the FTC Act (15 U.S.C. ï¿½ 45),
prohibits  deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce. In
addition, Section  12 of the Act (15 U.S.C. ï¿½ 52) prohibits the
dissemination of any false  advertisement to induce the purchase of any
food, drugs, or devices.
An advertisement is misleading and deceptive if the advertiser makes an
objective claim, either expressly or by implication, including through
the  use of consumer testimonials, without a "reasonable basis" to
support that  claim. As set out in the Commission's Advertising
Substantiation Policy  Statement, advertisements that specify the level
of substantiation that the  advertiser possesses (e.g., "tests prove" or
"studies show") must be  supported by at least that level of evidence.
If the advertisement does not  specify a particular type of
substantiation, the Commission considers  several factors in determining
the appropriate level of substantiation.  Typically, claims of the sort
included on your Internet site must be  substantiated by competent and
reliable scientific evidence. Competent and  reliable scientific
evidence is defined as tests, analyses, research,  studies, or other
evidence based on the expertise of professionals in the  relevant area,
that has been conducted and evaluated in an objective manner  by persons
qualified to do so, using procedures generally accepted in the
profession to yield accurate and reliable results. Anecdotal evidence
and  consumer testimonials are not considered competent and reliable
scientific  evidence. You may want to review your advertisement in light
of these  standards.
Possible Violations in Other Jurisdictions
Unfair or deceptive acts or practices are also unlawful under various
state  statutes in the United States. The standards under these statutes
may be  different from those of the FTC's. In addition, by placing an
Internet site  on the World Wide Web, you may be subject to scrutiny in
other countries  where you sell your products. You should be aware that
many countries,  including Mexico and Canada, also have laws that
generally require  advertisements to be truthful and non-deceptive.
"Hopeful and sometimes desperate consumers spend millions of dollars on
unproven, deceptively marketed, and often useless 'miracle cures' and
the  Internet should not become the newest medium for this age-old
problem,"  said Jodie Bernstein, Director of the FTC's Bureau of
Consumer Protection.  "In addition to wasting consumers' money, some
products or treatments may  even cause them serious harm or endanger
their lives. Even when the  advertised remedy is harmless, it can still
have a detrimental effect if it  causes consumers to stop or slow the
use of proven treatments."
In addition to today's effort to prevent health fraud, the FTC has
recently  conducted several other Internet Surf Days focusing on
different types of  fraud, including pyramid schemes and deceptive
business opportunity offers.
North American Health Claim Surf Day participants included:
U.S. Food and Drug Administration  Health Canada  Competition Bureau of
Industry Canada  Procuraduria Federal del Consumidor of Mexico  the
Secretaria de Salud of Mexico  Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention  Federal Communications Commission (Denver Office)  Attorney
General of Connecticut  Attorney General of Illinois  Attorney General
of Kentucky  Attorney General of Maryland  Attorney General of
Massachusetts  Attorney General of Minnesota  Attorney General of
Missouri  Attorney General of North Carolina  Attorney General of
Pennsylvania  Attorney General of Tennessee  Attorney General of Texas
Attorney General of Vermont  Attorney General of Virginia  Attorney
General of Wisconsin  Arthritis Foundation  American Heart Association
American Diabetes Association  Capital Area and Tristate AIDS Task
Force  Better Business Bureau serving northwest Ohio and southeast
For more information,
Federal Trade Commission Web site  Tom Carter  FTC Dallas Regional Director  1999 Bryan Street, Suite 2150
Dallas, Texas 75201  (214) 979-9350

@_date: 1997-11-11 01:06:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: President's critical infrastructure commission and crypto 
I worked with the PCCIP and the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Council on their recent infrastructure assurance reports.  The financial sector received high marks and won praise from both groups.
We shared more information about ourselves and our systems than anyone other than the regulators have ever seen.  The investigators were impressed, as would you be if you were to see the unreleased parts of the report.    I expect, however, that much of the report will never be released.
Some of the information we shared included pictures, and physical locations (addresses, floor diagrams), and network diagrams identifying payment system and other financial sector traffic and infrastructure.  These kinds of data were shared only because of the protective terms of the information sharing understandings.  This information will not be made public as long as it remains sensitive.  Other information about the specific security infrastructures or the typical security infrastructures employed by banks and the ways we prevent, detect, contain, and pursue compromises is also sensitive.
I would hope that those seeking information about the unreleased portions of the report recognize our interest in protecting sensitive information.
my opinion
my employer's may differ
kawika daguio

@_date: 1997-11-11 02:02:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Profile of a Spammer, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
November 10, 1997
Profile of a Spammer
by Robin Miller
       Whatever you do, don't call Kevin Jones a spammer. "Spammers are
   people who send all kinds of e-mail to everyone. I don't do that.
   Don't lump me with the spammers," he insists. "I send out nothing but
   targeted e-mail. It's not the same thing."
        But since Kevin's "targeting" has all the precision and subtlety
   of a sawed-off shotgun, chances are you've been spending your time
   deleting his spam. Since Kevin entered what he calls the "Internet
   promotion" business in January 1997, he's fired off more than 25
   million pieces of "targeted e-mail" on behalf of everything from
   credit repair kits to surplus merchandise. Every month he hones his
   software, attracts new clients -- and, most importantly, adds more
   unsuspecting users to his mailing lists. With a little luck, he'll
   send out up to 100 million pieces of e-mail next year. And since he
   gets paid by the piece, just like companies that handle direct postal
   mail promotions, the more e-mail Kevin sends out, the happier he is.
     Software is the second key to success in Internet direct
   marketing. Kevin's favorite program is NewsBlaster. It's probably the
   most popular spamware on the market today, and Kevin is one of its
   most devout adherents. NewsBlaster lets him extract up to 15,000
   e-mail addresses an hour from targeted newsgroups -- and automatically
   delete addresses with .edu, .gov and .org top-level domains (which
   tend to be more hostile to bulk e-mail than .net or .com). Kevin also
   prefers to bypass AOL members "because AOL sues guys like me a lot,"
   so he has NewsBlaster delete AOL members from his lists, and also
   removes e-mail addresses with more than 30 characters "because they
   upload so slow, and in this business speed is everything."
       But despite these precautions, Kevin and his clients still get
   their share of flames. "I figure on maybe 500 every time I send out
   e-mail," he says, "and I still have trouble figuring out why people do
   that. I'm a little guy trying to make a living on the Internet,
   helping other little guys make a few bucks. I'm not out stealing, I'm
   not hurting anyone... People who don't like getting e-mail are just
   making life hard for small guys to make a buck, that's all they're
   doing."

@_date: 1997-11-12 07:22:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington Post on dangers of self-censorship for the Net 
[The Washington Post has it right. This is what many civil libertarians
have been warning about for months: the industry and some advocacy groups
(who should know better --  are
falling over themelves in a rush to label, sort, and filter. They hope to
stave off a CDA II. But their frantic scurrying is "voluntary" only in the
sense that "voluntary" is newspeak for the threat of government censorship.
The Washington Post
November 10, 1997
EDITORIAL; Pg. A20
'Self-Regulation' and the Net
   CLOSE WATCHERSs of the long-running TV ratings fight could read it as a
series of tussles over exactly how far the government can go in pushing the
proprietors of an expressive medium -- such as TV -- to curb that
expression through "voluntary" action. When do carrot-and-stick become just
stick? That story isn't over yet: Congress, though antsy, has so far
managed to stay on the safe side of the line that separates pressure from
outright censorship, and the different responses of different networks is
ironic proof that the policy isn't completely coercive. But those who want
to see yet more variations on the theme can watch the whole pattern play
out again in White House efforts to encourage self-regulation on the
   The administration, after coming to grief over its dogged support for
the unconstitutional Communications Decency Act, now takes the position
that it's up to software providers, parents and citizen groups to make the
Internet safe for children, though the government has a beefed-up role to
play in enforcing existing laws in cyberspace, for instance, those against
child pornography, stalking or harassment. As an accompaniment, though, it
is putting considerable public pressure on Internet players to develop a
system of ratings and "taggings" for sites that would allow parents to sort
Internet access by a few broadly agreed-upon categories.
   In a July announcement of steps taken by several large software
companies to include "family-friendly" sorting features in their browsers,
the president emphasized the importance of law enforcement and parental
involvement alike in making sure "we do not allow pornographers and
pedophiles to exploit a wonderful medium to abuse our children." The vice
president, praising the various filters on the market, called them "safety
belts for children traveling the Information Superhighway" -- though surely
he's the only person who still calls it that. Last week, though, Ira
Magaziner, the administration point-person on Net issues, took a different
tone in a speech to Internet advertisers. The "tremendous economic
benefits" of the Net won't work, he said, "if we don't get efficient
industry self-regulation on issues like privacy and content. . . . If you
fail, we will have to go the legislative route. That gets caught up in the
political process and will be less rational and efficient."
   Well, yes -- and also less legal. Don't get us wrong: Self-restraint, in
some of these cases, is a pretty good place for the providers of what's now
called "content" to end up. But the line between urging self-restraint and
threatening government censorship is a thin one. The White House, no less
than Congress, needs to watch its step.

@_date: 1997-11-12 07:33:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Lynch mob mentality" at Senate violent music hearing 
[Forwarded with permission. --Declan]
This is really long but I think everyone should get a sense of the lynch
mob mentality in last weeks Senate subcommittee hearing.
Senator Sam Brownbackï¿½s subcommittee hearing on the possible effect of
music violence on society was a major disaster for music and freedom of
The hearing, held on Nov.6, for 2 hours, had a very restricted list of
speakers.  For the two weeks previous to the hearing I and many others
applied to testify and were denied.  Brownbackï¿½s staff member in charge of
overseeing the panels was Cherie Harder.  (Ms. Harder appeared in the Oct.
19 MTV special "Fight for the Right" representing  Empower America.)  Ms.
Harder was doggedly dedicated to preserving the short and biased list of
speakers, refusing to consider additional speakers or an extended hearing
time allotment.
Senator Brownback (who on Wednesday seemed open to exploring the issue)
took a totally different tack in his opening statement.  He outlined
societyï¿½s current ills including a jump in teen suicide, pregnancy, crime,
and drug use.  He talked of a "sense that we have lost ground" (in the war
against teens perhaps? nc) and that society has grown "coarser, meaner, and
more alienated". He reports that "there has been a marked increase in
explicit violence and misogyny in popular music".  (Sen. Brownback offered
no reference to statistics which support any of these statements. His
stated belief that "research, debate and discussion" were needed was
certainly not carried out in this biased and, it seemed at times, rehearsed
condemnation of popular music. nc)  He said "The most appropriate place to
begin that inquiry is with the music itself."  (It is astounding that he
could make this statement after refusing requests from several major
recording artists over the previous two weeks! nc) He cited the songs "Mo
Thugs" or "Slap a Ho" by Dove Shack and shock rockers Marilyn Manson and
Cannibal Corpse as examples of problem songs and artists.  (These are the
same songs and artists that were attacked by C. Delores Tucker, Wm.
Bennett, Sen Lieberman, and Sen. Nunn in May of 1996. Can you cite a rise
in violence in music if you donï¿½t take the time to listen to new artists?
nc) Sen. Brownback went on to quote a Carnegie Foundation study (these are
the same people speaker Dr. Stanley Roberts wrote for in 1990) which shows
teens spending less time with their parents and more time listening to
music.  He ended with saying that "it stands to reason that prolonged
exposure to such hate-filled lyrics . . . could have an effect on oneï¿½s
attitudes, assumptions, . . . decisions, and behavior.  Understanding the
nature and extent of the influence of music violence may well be the first
step . . . for ensuring a more civil society."
Senator Joseph Lieberman was the first to testify. His testimony began here
and continued from the dais. At the conclusion of his testimony he took his
seat next to Senator Brownback on the subcommittee and preceded every
question to a panelist with another 3 or 4 minutes further outlining his
beliefs.  He effectively manipulated the situation to provide himself with
2 hours worth of pontificating and captive media attention.
He spoke of our "broken culture", our "surreal, Alice-in-Wonderland"
culture in which kids our better armed than police, we celebrate brazen
luminaries like Dennis Rodman, and "donï¿½t seem to blink when prominent
corporate citizens sell music to our children that celebrates violence".
He cited tv shows like Foxï¿½s "When Animals Attack" and video games like
"Postal", and advertisers like Calvin Klein as perverse and degrading.  (He
also mentioned the songs Brownback did but spelled Ho wrong.nc) He wants to
take a close look at gangsta rap, stating that rappers celebrate murder and
mayhem on their cds then live it on the streets which led to Tupacï¿½s and
B.I.G.ï¿½s deaths. He also outlined FBI investigations of Death Row as
evidence of the kind of people who produce this music.  He, as did every
one of the speakers said Iï¿½m not "talking about censorship". He wants
corporate responsibility on the part of recording companies, particularly
Seagrams and Sony, adoption of basic standards for music, Seagrams to
"dump" Marilyn Manson, and said "In the meantime, I hope the RIAA will
consider improving its one-size-fits-all labeling system".
I urge you to go to Liebermanï¿½s website at:
 to read
his statement in its entirety.
The next speaker was Mr. Raymond Kuntz of Burlington, ND.  He tearfully
related the story of his sonï¿½s suicide.  When his wife went to wake their
son for school they found him dead of a gunshot wound, still wearing his
headphones with Marilyn Mansonï¿½s Anti-Christ Superstar cd still in the
player.  The boyï¿½s favorite song was "The Reflecting God", the lyrics to
which were included in Mr. Kuntz packet. He also included,(and entered into
the record) an interview with Marilyn  from the June 96 issue of High
Times. Mr. Kuntz, in his statement called MM a "drug fiend" who publicly
uses drugs and, who takes LSD and then goes to Disney World. He reported
that MM, during his shows has exposed his genitalia, sodomized himself with
a stick which he then threw into the crowd, and asks fans to spit on him.
(Keep in mind here that after each testimony, Sen. Lieberman would repeat
and expound on the most "heinous" anti-music facts in each presentation.
After this one he shook his head and said something like ~imagine asking
people to spit on you in this time of Aids~. nc)
Dr. Frank Palumbo, of the American Academy of Peditarics, is a practicing
pediatrician from Washington DC. He referred to the AAP Committee on
Communications policy statements of December 1989 and 1995 as the official
statements of the Academy.
(new paragraph in his statement - does this mean that what follows are his
thoughts, not the thoughts of the Academy - itï¿½s not clear. nc)
He acknowledged the importance of music in a teenï¿½s identity. He outlined
the increase in violence, drugs, and sex in rock music over the past four
decades citing heavy metal and rap as being of greatest concern. He quoted
lyrics from Nine Inch Nails "Big Man with a Gun" and some MM lyrics as
examples.  He reports that "To date, no studies have documented a
cause-and-effect relationship between sexually explicit or violent lyrics
and adverse behavioral effects. But we can all acknowledge the overall
effect music has on people." (!?) He stated that music videos may have a
significant behavioral impact by desensitizing violence and reported that
music videos by Guns-N-Roses and Beastie Boys videos each had 36 violent
episodes in performing just one song.
(And, back to that war against teens, nc) he referred to a report entitled
"Kids These Days: What Americans Really Think About the Next Generation"
which decried sex and violence but reported that "only half of those
surveyed (49%) think pressuring the entertainment industry . . . will be a
very effective way to help kids" and that "perhaps people doubt that the
industry will be responsive to public pressure". Dr. Palumbo ended his
testimony with a list of recommendations one of which was for the "music
industry to develop and apply a system of specific content labeling
regarding violence, sex, drugs, or offensive lyrics,".
Hilary Rosen, President of the RIAA was the next to testify. Before
beginning she entered into the record Mass. M.I.C.ï¿½s anti-censorship
petition directed at Sen. Lieberman among others, containing 7836 sigs. by
young people across the country.  She also mentioned presenting introducing
statements by musicians although I never saw evidence of them.
In spite of extensive research in preparation for this hearing Hilary was
astoundingly ill prepared.  The message by the RIAA in the days preceding
the hearing was that pro-music pro-speech forces should try not to ï¿½upsetï¿½
the Senators.  In spite of obvious anti-music sentiments expressed by
committee members in meetings previous to the hearing, the RIAA
underestimated the seriousness of the attack and was not prepared to push
back.  Hilary was asked for sales figures for MMï¿½s cd and others and "had
no idea", when asked for demographic information about purchasers of this
and other cds she also had "no idea".  Sen. Brownback reiterated those
questions several times and was obviously angry that she either didnï¿½t know
or was hiding something.  Hilaryï¿½s statement began with references to Elvis
and teen suicide references in "Romeo and Juliet" (Brownback said he felt
it  was insulting to even compare MM to Shakespeare.nc)
Hilary expressed the industryï¿½s concern and gave examples of musicians
working to combat teen violence, sex, drug use etc.  She cited Heavy D, Ice
Cube, and Queen Latifah.  (However, RIAA, chose not to facilitate the
participation of a prominent rap artist in presenting his concerns to the
Senators.  Even though they cite his contributions among these others in
their research materials.nc)  Hilary went on to describe the Musicianï¿½s
Assistance Program and "our"(?) Rock The Vote campaign.  She said that "by
no means" are our "artists perfect" and reported that there were scenes
from Chain Saw Massacre or NYPD Blue that she would not let a 10 yr. old
see.  She then reported on the "parental advisory sticker" program and said
that "We support efforts to have retailers restrict sales of albums to
consumers under the age of 17."!!!!
(~This is exactly the issue that got me into the fight to preserve free
expression in the first place in 1995.  At that time the RIAA was actively
fighting cities and states that tried to enforce this kind of censorship.
RIAAï¿½s attitudes seem to have changed dramatically over these two years.
You have to ask yourself how damaging their attitudes toward preserving
free expression could be in another 2 years! nc~)
Hilary reported that in a record store with 110,000 titles, less than ï¿½ of
one percent of a storeï¿½s total inventory will carry a parental advisory
logo. (and more than 3/4s of of those titles are by black artists - Hilary
didnï¿½t say that, I did nc).  (Does that mean that mean that stickered
product is not meaningful or is expendable? nc)
She reported that record company execs constantly make choices to not put
out songs which donï¿½t meet the test of artistic credibility.
(Brownback questioned her on this issue repeatedly.  He managed not to say
ï¿½you think MM has artistic credibilityï¿½ but it was clearly what he was
getting at.)
She encouraged parents to read the lyrics to songs their kids brought home.
(Brownback mentioned at one point that he wished lyrics could be printed in
the paper!) Hilary also stressed that if a parent disapproves of something
their kids bought the record stores would take it back.
Hilary said "As long as there is an audience demanding to listen, there
will be people willing to produce artists far outside the mainstream." !
(reasons for a war against teens,nc)
During questioning after her prepared testimony Hilary stated music stores
ï¿½will not sell stickered product to those under 17ï¿½, (a fact which is
totally untrue and an amazingly stupid and dangerous statement on her
part.nc)  By the end of the hearing C. Delores Tucker produced a kid who
testified as to how easy it was for kids under 17 to buy stickered product,
that kids can find out ï¿½on the streetï¿½ where they can buy - (now Hilary has
managed to make stickered product look like an illegal narcotic.  Sheï¿½s
also practically told legislators to push for mandatory labeling and
restrictions! nc)
(Hilary Rosen was clearly not concerned with freedom of expression or in
protecting music from the attacks of these Senators.  We would have fared
better if she had not spoken at all.nc)
The final two panelists were C. Delores Tucker and Dr. Donald F. Roberts of
Stanford University.  Tucker showed up with her blown up photos of Marilyn
Manson and had the same inflammatory statements to make against rap and
rock.  Her testimony was totally unremarkable and there was nothing new
(for that reason and because my fingers are about to fall off Iï¿½ll not go
into details. I will forward a copy of her testimony to anyone who would
like one.)
Unfortunately I did not get a copy of Dr. Roberts testimony.  It was brief
and significantly similar to Dr. Palumboï¿½s in terms of statements about
musicï¿½s effect on young people. Of note is the fact that Senator Lieberman
welcomed Dr. Roberts by saying that he was glad to see him and that they
had worked together before on these ï¿½important issuesï¿½. (enough said,nc).
As the hearing was about to end, Ms. Tucker begged that the young boy sheï¿½d
brought along "all this way" have a chance to speak.  Brownbackï¿½s initial
response was that he couldnï¿½t allow it because so many others had asked to
speak but were refused.  Tucker begged a bit more and Brownback consented.
The boy testified as to how easy it was to buy "stickered" cds if you were
under 17 (which Brownback made sure he repeated a few times) and then the
young man described the satanic fans who had invaded his neighborhood
before an MM concert "doing violent stuff" like "smashing windshields."
At this point Michael Eric Dyson asked from his seat, if in the interest of
fairness, he be allowed to speak also.  Brownback refused him. (Dyson had
repeatedly sought an opportunity to appear at the hearing  and Jesse
Jackson had written to Brownback on his behalf asking that Dyson be heard,
all to no avail).
The hearing adjourned to a press conference in the hall. Speakers there
were Dyson, myself, and Bill Adler.  Mr. Dyson spoke eloquently on the
hearings, the bias in the panels, these repeated attacks on rap, and the
"mean spirited" tactic of Ms. Tucker among other things.  I spoke for a
couple of minutes after which Mr. Tucker pushed his way through the crowd
of reporters rushing Dyson and saying he was furious at how Dyson had
described his wife and that he would "die" protecting her reputation.
Several people stepped in to pull Mr. Tucker back while Michael Dyson
calmly stood by his previous statements.  As Mr. Tucker was pulled away he
pointed at Dyson saying that "the next time we meet youï¿½d better bring an
extra pair of glasses, ï¿½cause youï¿½re going to need them."  All of this was
caught on film.  Security then ended the press conference.
Thatï¿½s pretty much what took place.  A real disaster for free speech and
for music.
Fight Censorship - Listen to the Banned!
             Mass. M.I.C.

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:07:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
Heh. It's been discussed but no findings of fact have been made.
Ever since I moved back to Washington (I've lived here twice before) to
take a job as a political Net-reporter, my social circle has included many
folks with similar political beliefs. There's my S.O., who's an "Abolish
the FCC" Net and telecommunications lawyer. The Cato soccer team I'm on. My
friends, many of whom are involved in (or at least care about) issues like
And there's also the more interesting question of the cypherpunks list as
an organization that influences the political stances of its participants.
If I hadn't been a cypherpunks subscriber for three years or so, would my
political beliefs be the same? I'm not sure.

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:47:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More Crypto Statements 
What explains this flurry of crypto-statements on the floor of the Senate
on Saturday and Sunday?
Simple: Our elected representatives had nothing else to do.
By late Sunday evening, the vote over fast-track had been postponed ten
times as union and corporate lobbyists jockeyed for position with the White
House for votes. While smoke was filling the back rooms of the Capitol,
members had nothing else to do but twiddle their thumbs. Debate
noncontroversial legislation. Recount election battles. And pledge loyalty
to strong crypto.
Of course increased (or at least more effective) industry lobbying had
something to do with the floor statements. These sorts of brief speeches
are a sign of a well-honed lobbying campaign.
Note, BTW, the tone of the Senate statements. The defeat of Burns' ProCODE
bill in the Senate means that crypto-proponents are on the defensive.
Murray is forced to say S.909 (McCain-Kerrey) "does not go far enough" in
lifting export ctrls -- true, since it also sets up a key escrow
infrastructure. There is no pro-crypto bill in the Senate now for
crypto-advocates to rally around. (Leahy's is a key escrow wishlist.)
Also note that Dreier's statements are significant: "Congress should lift
the controls on encryption software" and not move towards mandatory key
escrow. He is a senior member of the House Rules committee, which will pass
judgement on and reconcile the five versions of SAFE sooner or later. One
of those versions is the FBI-friendly one with restrictions on manufacture,
distribution, and sale of unapproved crypto products.

@_date: 1997-11-12 11:31:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.N. conference on "hate sites" on the Internet 
[I've attached the conference agenda below. --Declan]
Experts tell U.N. conference 'hate' sites on Internet may be here to
GENEVA (November 11, 1997 2:47 p.m. EST  -
Internet hate sites, such as one urging "Aryan brothers and sisters
... to combat racially inferior
parasites," are unlikely to be stamped out because this would limit
freedom of speech, experts said Tuesday.
The need to respect free speech, as well as the sheer size of the
task, emerged at a United Nations seminar as the two main obstacles
to eradicating such material.
The issue has become more pressing as the number of online hate sites
soars and racism, neo-Nazism and anti-Semitism, find new niches on
the Internet, speakers at the meeting said.
But there is no easy answer to the question: who decides what is
offensive on the Internet?
"In Europe, it would be racist to say, 'I don't like Arabs.' In the
United States, we can say 'I don't like Arabs, I don't like pink
people.' Under freedom of expression, it's not against the law," said
Debra Guzman, executive director of the U.S.-based Human Rights
Information Network.
"You can't ban this in the United States," she told a news
One problem is that Internet technology itself cannot distinguish
between the offensive and the non-offensive, said Eric Lee, public
policy director at the U.S. Commercial Internet Exchange.
     Dear Madam/Sir,
        I have the honour to inform you that within the framework of the
     implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to
     Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination, in pursuance of General
     Assembly resolution 51/81, the High Commissioner for Human Rights will
     organize a seminar on "The role of Internet with regard to the
     provisions of the International Convention on the Elimination of all
     Forms of  Racial Discrimination".
        The purpose of the Seminar which will take place in Geneva from 10
     to 14 November 1997 and bring together experts on the subject matter,
     representatives of governments, Internet Service Providers, and
     representatives of non-governmental organizations, is to find ways and
     means to ensure a responsible use of the Internet in the light of the
     International Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Racial
     Discrimination.
        The draft agenda of the meeting reads as follows:
                (a)     Racism and Racial Discrimination on Internet
        (b)     Technical Aspects of screening racist propaganda on
     Internet:
                1.      National Measures
                2.      International Measures
        (c)     Prohibition of racist propaganda on the Internet. Juridical
     Aspects:
                1.      National Measures
                2.      International Measures
        (d)     Elements for an eventual Code of Conduct and good practice
     for displaying material on Internet
                (e)     Recommendations.
                                                       /...
             I am very pleased, on behalf of the Secretary-General, to invite
     your Organization to send an observer to the seminar. In order that
     the necessary arrangements concerning conference facilities may be
     made in advance,  I would be grateful to receive his or her name by 30
     October 1997 at the latest. Under existing arrangements, your
     Organization would be expected to bear the costs of its
     representative.
                        I am attaching to this letter, for your
     convenience, a briefing note relating to the seminar.
                                   Yours sincerely,
                                        John Pace
                                  Chief
                                Research and Right to
                                          Development Branch
     ______________________________________________________________________
        IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PROGRAMME OF ACTION
        FOR THE THIRD DECADE TO COMBAT RACISM
        AND RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
        SEMINAR ON THE ROLE OF INTERNET WITH REGARD TO THE PROVISIONS
     OF THE INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION ON THE ELIMINATION
     OF ALL FORMS OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
        Geneva, Palais des Nations
        10-14 November 1997
        PROVISIONAL AGENDA
     Monday 10 November
     Morning
10:00 - 13:00           Opening of the Seminar
                        -       Welcome address by High Commissioner for
                        -       Election of the Bureau (Chairperson,
Vice-Chairperson, Rapporteur)
                        -       Adoption of the agenda
                        -       Organisation of work
Afternoon               Working session I
15:00 - 18:00           Item I: Racism and Racial Discrimination on Internet
                         -      Keynote address by Ms. Debra Guzman,
                                Executive Director
                                The Human Rights Information Network
                        -       General discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Tuesday 11 November
Morning         Working session II.a
10:00 - 13:00           Item II: Technical Aspects of screening racist
propaganda on Internet: National measures
                        -       Keynote address by Mr. Timothy L. Jenkins,
Chairman of Unlimited Visions
                        -       General discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Afternoon               Working session II.b
15:00 - 18:00           Item III: Technical Aspects of screening racist
propaganda on                           Internet: international measures
                                -       Keynote address by Mr. Eric Lee,
                                Commercial Internet Exchange
                        -       General discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Wednesday 12 November
Morning         Working session III.a
10:00 -13:00            Item IV: Prohibition of Racist Propaganda on the
Internet: Juridical Aspects, National Measures
                        -       Keynote address by an expert of the
of Justice, USA
                        -       General discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Afternoon               Working session III.b
15:00 - 18:00           Item V: Prohibition of Racist Propaganda on the
Internet: Juridical Aspects, International Measures
                        -       Keynote address by Mr. Agha Shahi, member
of the
Commitee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination
                        -       General discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Thursday 13 November
Morning                 Working session IV.a
10:00 - 13:00           Item VI: Elements for an eventual Code of Conduct and
good practice for displaying material on Internet
                        -       Keynotes address by:
                                        Ms. Maya Sooka, Association for
Progressive Communication, Johannesburg
                        -       General Discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Afternoon               Working session IV.b
15:00 - 18:00           Item VI: Elements for an eventual Code of Conduct and
good practice for displaying material on Internet
                        -       Keynotes address by:
                                Mr. Tony Rutkowsky, former senior ITU
                        -       General Discussion
                        -       Conclusion
Friday 14 November
Morning                 Free Time
15:00 - 18:00           Conclusions and Recommendations
                        Closing of the Seminar
                        -       Statement of the Chairperson
                        -       Final statement of the High Commissioner
        ------

@_date: 1997-11-12 23:59:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
I am simply delighted to see that there is a cypherpunk/ferret connection.
They are charming animals; you simply have not lived until you have had one
deploy its highly evolved predatory instincts to pull the insoles out of all
your shoes and hide them under the bed, along with all the attachments from
the vacuum cleaner.
Feel free to post this, if you like.

@_date: 1997-11-13 06:12:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Just when you thought the Internet was safe from government
censorship, Sen. Dan Coats has introduced a sequel to the
notorious Communications Decency Act.
The bill punishes commercial distributors of material
that's "harmful to minors" with six months in jail and a
$50,000 fine. Unlike the original CDA, it applies only to
web sites -- not to chatrooms, newsgroups, or email.
Like the original CDA, it's certain to be controversial.
Sen. Coats (R-Indiana), chief GOP sponsor of the original
CDA, said his bill takes into account the Supreme Court's
unanimous vote in June that struck down his first try. "I
have studied the opinion of the Court and come before my
colleagues today to introduce legislation that reflects the
parameters laid out by the Court's opinion," he said on the
Senate floor.
  (ftp://ftp.loc.gov/pub/thomas/c105/s1482.is.txt)
Coats' brainchild is strikingly similar to (and in fact not
as broad as) an ill-fated version of the first CDA that
Rep. Rick White (R-Wash.) and the Center for Democracy and
Technology embraced as a "compromise" in December 1995.
Like Coats' bill, the White-CDT measure restricted material
that was "harmful to minors."
  (
A Coats staffer said the measure requires adult
pornographers to place images behind a firewall. "If you're
involved in the commercial distribution of material that's
harmful to minors, you have to take the bad stuff and put
it on the other side of a credit card or PIN number," David
Crane said.
But the bill applies to more than just visual pornography.
Its definition of material that could hurt minors includes
any offensive sexual "communication" or "writing" without
redeeming value. It applies to text-only web pages -- or
bookstores that place sample chapters on the web.
Since it covers anyone who "through the World Wide Web is
engaged in the business of the commercial distribution of
material that is harmful to minors," it could apply to
Internet providers and online services as well.
The FCC and the Department of Justice would be required to
publish on their web sites "such information as is
necessary to inform the public of the meaning of the term
`material that is harmful to minors.'" Solveig Singleton, a
lawyer at the Cato Institute, says: "The Supreme Court
struggled for years to come up with a national defintion of
obscenity. They failed. Harmful to minors is
obscenity-lite. The FCC and Department of Justice won't
have any luck coming up with a definition of
Not a problem, predicts former porn-prosecutor Bruce
Taylor, now the head of the National Law Center for
Children and Families. "This bill will ensure that the
hardcore pornographers don't get off the hook," he says.
Next step for Coats is to attract co-sponsors and to forward
his bill to the Senate Commerce committee. Some judges
criticized Congress for holding no hearings on the original
CDA; Coats isn't going to make that mistake again. "There
will be a concerted effort to build a substantial
legislative history," says David Crane.
This bill won't be the end of Congressional interest in
cyberporn. "You'll probably see other legislation come
forward. Introducing this is not abandoning our other
concerns," Crane says.

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:53:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: See brother Ralph, bash billg for free. 
Yep, I'm going to be there. Saint Ralph vs. Bill Gates. What fun. --Declan

@_date: 1997-11-13 08:27:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: In Burma, the Internet is access to democracy, from Newsday 
A very nice piece in Newsday. My writeup of my visit to Burma a year ago is at:
  Because of roadblocks, I had to hike across fields and through villages to
get to the site of the sole Burmese Net-connection at a local university.
It was set to become operational in spring 1997. I also heard of
unconfirmed reports that the military had a Net-connection through a
friendly nearby country, probably Singapore. (Perhaps to monitor
soc.culture.burma or somesuch.) BTW, the best mailing list on Burma news
I've found is burmanews-l at igc.apc.org.
I also hid my interview notes in the bottom of my bag. I made an extra copy
of the crucial ones and put the paper in my wallet, just in case.
Newsday (New York, NY)
November 12, 1997
LIFE IN CYBERSPACE / FOR MANY, THE INTERNET IS ACCESS TO DEMOCRACY
By Matthew McAllester
    RANGOON, Burma THE MAN LEANED across the table and spoke so quietly
that no one but the two of us could hear. His eyes moved from side to side,
scanning the restaurant and the street outside for possible informers or
intelligence agents. That's the way people communicate in Burma when
they're talking with a foreigner about something that could land them in
prison for several years.
   "You know what?" the man said. "I got e-mail."
   "You can't have," I said.
   For several reasons I knew he had to be telling me a tall story. For a
start, it's illegal to access the Internet in Burma. It's illegal to own an
unlicensed fax machine or modem. A few years ago a supporter of the largest
pro-democracy party in Burma died in prison, where he'd been sent because
he did not have a license for his fax machine.
   Besides, no one has e-mail or Internet access in Burma except for a
select few business owners who are friendly with the military regime that
rules the country. Diplomats at a few foreign embassies also acknowledge
that they have Net access and e-mail despite the Burmese government's
restrictions. Even then, they say their e-mail is intercepted and read by
the Burmese authorities.
   This is a country where reporters have to visit in the guise of
tourists, which is how I traveled in September and October. In Burma, all
international calls are listened to by the operator and, the Burmese people
assume, by military intelligence. When I wanted to make a call to the
United States, the receptionist at my hotel told me it would cost $35 for
five minutes if I wanted to dial direct. I opted for the storefront down
the road, where I sat for 30 minutes waiting for a connection. When I got
through to my friend, I was less than chatty about what I'd been up to.
   So how could the man I was talking to across the table possibly have
navigated these political and technological barriers to get e-mail?
   "No, I do. I got it," he said.
   The man smiled. He's a fixer. A small business owner. People come to him
for help. He's thinking of offering people access to his Net account - for
a price. Most of all, he looks out for himself, keeping on the right side
of the military authorities but not showing them the fear they are so used
to seeing in the faces of Burmese people.
   "I dial out anywhere I can," he said. "My account is in Australia, but
I'll use a server from anywhere. Anywhere."
   For the sake of communicating with the outside world, the man was
prepared to risk prison.
   I've written before about how a good number of governments around the
world restrict or ban Internet access to their citizens. Free-speech
advocates told me how some governments fear the spread of anti-government
information and opinions that dissent from the official line. The advocates
told me how democratizing the Internet is by its nature. But being told and
seeing with one's own eyes is a very different experience. After a couple
of weeks viewing how the military government's system of informers and
control of information contributed to its firm grip on power, I could
understand why it has banned the Net. The Net's speed and resistance to
control would be an unstoppable force in organizing opposition to the
military regime.
   "What would happen if you had Net access?" I asked another Burmese man,
who spoke in a whisper even when he was alone at home.
   "The government, it would be over," he said. "We could share information."
   Information and open communication in an oppressive state like Burma are
invaluable tools in fighting the status quo.
   I spent some time one evening in Rangoon with U Tin Oo, a former general
in the Burmese army and now a senior leader of the National League for
Democracy, the largest pro-democracy party. All told, he's spent nine years
in prison for his political activities.
   As we spoke, the phone often rang. Delegates to the party conference
that weekend were en route to Rangoon, and they called Tin Oo to discuss
the event. The conversations were superficial.
   "They tap my phone always," Tin Oo explained.
   When I left I had to take two taxis and walk among crowds in downtown
Rangoon to shake the military intelligence officials that a pro-democracy
contact had said would follow me.
   I worried about my own information, my notes. I longed to be able to
turn them into ones and zeroes and e-mail them home. Instead, I hid them at
the bottom of my backpack.
   A couple of weeks later I was in Thailand, interviewing Burmese
dissidents and refugees who have fled the Burmese government. Working with
them in the north of Thailand are several westerners who work as
human-rights campaigners, doctors and advocates for the refugees.
   E-mail is an important tool in their work, as it helps them coordinate
with people outside Thailand. One woman collects every story she can find
about Burma into the BurmaNet News e-mail newsletter. BurmaNet News is
delivered to the e-mail boxes of hundreds of journalists, activists and
government officials around the world. It's precisely the kind of
democratizing spread of information that the Burmese people are denied.
   But even in Thailand there are problems. The human-rights advocates and
health workers use encryption when communicating online. "They read all our
e-mail," said an Australian doctor, referring to the Thai authorities. The
Thai government maintains diplomatic relations with the Burmese government,
a pariah regime to many other democracies. "The other day I tried to get my
e-mail and my password had been changed."

@_date: 1997-11-13 10:33:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Trying to deny that CDT supported the White harmful to minors "compromise"
is a sad attempt at history revisionism. As Marc Rotenberg said, "CDT
supported the White measure and went to great pains to blame the members of
the conference committee who did not endorse it."
Which is of course true. After the vote you lost on the harmful to minors
     -- Comm Daily reported: Jerry Berman, exec. dir. of Center for
     -- IISR reported: Jerry Berman, executive director of the
     -- EETimes reported: "The House came within an inch of
Either the world's population of journalists are in a vast clandestine
conspiracy to misrepresent your organization's position or ... CDT (gasp!)
did in fact embrace the HTM so-called compromise.
You must remember, after all, that CDT declined to sign a December 5, 1995
coalition letter that told Congress to "to reject *all* proposals to impose
new government censorship regulations on cyberspace." Why didn't you sign
it?  (
Instead, as I recall, CDT was up on stage with the anti-porn advocates to
unveil the "compromise." (I admit my memory's fuzzy on this point. I'm sure
you'll clarify.)
Where was I then? When the news of the "compromise" broke in December 1995,
I was in Cambridge having brunch with Harvey Silverglate (who's now
defending the Au Pair case) and other local free-speech advocates. As I
wrote in a post to f-c at the time, all of us were astonished to see the
headline in the New York Times: "Civil liberties groups accept compromise."
Of course it was CDT that accepted it. ACLU said at the time here on f-c
that "no true civil liberties group" would ever agree to supporting that
kind of censorship.
Also, contrary to what you claim, I'm not an "opponent" of filtering
software. Parents have the right to use it with their children. I believe,
however, that public institutions must abide by the First Amendment when
installing it.
I'm glad you provided this opportunity to clarify these issues. Now perhaps
we can move on to discussing the Coats bill.

@_date: 1997-11-13 12:17:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
[Got a note from a longtime Hill observer on CDT and their "harmful to
minors" compromise. --Declan]

@_date: 1997-11-13 21:59:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Contrary to what you claim, I'm not "trying to accomplish" anything except
report the facts. (Somehow you don't seem to like them very much.) You'll
remember that when I wrote about the Coats CDA II bill, I included one
paragraph about the history of "harmful to minors" legislation:
Then CDT responded to my article publicly, incorrectly claiming that CDT
did not embrace the harmful to minors "compromise." My post was to correct
those inaccuracies and clear the air -- and, you'll remember I concluded by
saying I hoped we could move forward to discussing Coats. You seem unable

@_date: 1997-11-14 04:44:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Son of CDA" Ignores Supreme Court Ruling, ACLU Says 
ACLU Says New Internet Censorship Statute                                        Ignores Landmark Supreme Court Ruling
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, November 13, 1997
Contact: Emily Whitfield, (212) 549-2566
WASHINGTON--New legislation  aimed at banning online material deemed "harmful
to minors" would run roughshod over the landmark Supreme Court decision
affirming free speech on the Internet, the American Civil Liberties Union
said today.
The ACLU, which led the successful battle to defeat the unconstitutional
Communications Decency Act (CDA), said S. 1482, like the CDA, would restrict
adults from accessing constitutionally protected speech.  The bill was
introduced earlier this week by Sen. Dan Coats, R-IN, an original sponsor of
the ill-fated CDA.
Under the statute, commercial online distributors of material deemed "harmful
to minors" could be punished with up to six months in jail and a $50,000
fine.  The definition could include the virtual bookstore amazon.com or a
promotional site for a Hollywood movie, as well as Internet Service Providers
(ISPs) such as Microsoft and America Online, the ACLU said.  And unlike the
CDA, the statute applies only to web sites, not to chat rooms, e-mail or news
"By claiming that the bill addresses only web sites involved in commercial
distribution, Senator Coats says he is ï¿½hunting with a rifle,' but in fact,
he has lobbed another virtual grenade into the heart of the Internet" said
Ann Beeson, an ACLU National Staff Attorney and member of the legal team that
defeated the CDA. Any business merely displaying material without first requiring a credit card
or other proof of age could be found liable under the statute, which
criminalizes commercial distribution of words or images that could be deemed
"harmful to minors," even if no actual sale is involved, Beeson said.
"This is the equivalent of having to pay a fee every time you want to browse
in the bookstore or watch a trailer for an R-rated  movie," Beeson said.  "As
the Supreme Court noted in its landmark decision,  requiring a credit card or
other age verification would impose a severe financial and logistical burden,
even on commercial websites."
The ACLU said there were serious constitutional problems as well with the
bill's definition of "harmful to minors."  In addition to using a vague
definition of what constitutes "harmful material,"  the bill does not make
any distinction between material that may be harmful to a six-year-old but
valuable for a 16-year-old, such as safer-sex information, said Chris Hansen,
an ACLU Senior Staff Attorney and member of the Reno v. ACLU legal team.  Further, Hansen pointed out, unlike other "harmful to minors" statutes that
have been upheld in the courts, the bill does not define whose community
standard will be used to determine what material is harmful.  "Invariably, those who decide what is harmful to a minor are going to be the
least tolerant members of a given community -- such as the group in Oklahoma
who sought to remove the award-winning film ï¿½The Tin Drum' from  local
libraries and video stores," Hansen said.
The Supreme Court's landmark decision striking down the CDA was issued on
June 26 of this year, 16 months after the law was enacted and the ACLU filed
its challenge.  In a ringing affirmation of online free speech, the Court
said that ï¿½the interest in encouraging freedom of expression in a democratic
society outweighs any theoretical but unproven benefit of censorship.'  the battle was not yet over," said Solange Bitol, legislative counsel on
First Amendment issues for the ACLU's Washington National Office.  "When
Congress returns to session in the New Year, we will be ready for Round Two
in the battle to protect our free speech rights."

@_date: 1997-11-14 06:05:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft World 1.0 from the Netly News (and a funny response) 
The Netly News (
November 13, 1997
Microsoft World 1.0
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        If you're Bill Gates, the last place on earth you want to be
   today is 2500 Calvert St., Washington, D.C. That's the address of the
   "Appraising Microsoft" conference, where politicos and high tech
   leaders from around the country are teaming up to take a big swing at
   the richest man in America.
        It would be a slugfest -- if only Gates were around to defend
   himself. Ralph Nader, the conference's organizer, invited him, but
   Gates declined through his lawyers. "It appears that your conference
   will provide a forum for anti-Microsoft pundits and business
   competitors to raise their litany of tired allegations in an attempt
   to manipulate public opinion against our company," wrote attorney
   William Neukom, who is defending Microsoft from antitrust allegations.
        Which is only natural. Everyone Microsoft has ever pissed off
   (and Microsoft has pissed off a lot of people) seems to be here today.
   Who would pass up a chance to flame the Boy Billionaire -- especially
   when there's safety in numbers?
I enjoyed your story about the conference.  When I first heard about it I
had a question to ask Ralph for my monthly humor newsletter...So I called
his office.  Here's the item..
Have Fun,
Steve Kremer
JAMES SPADER, DARTH VADER, RALPH NADER. WHICH OF THESE THREE
OWN A COMPUTER??
In the month of November you will be hearing a lot about a media event called
the "Appraising Microsoft Conference" held in Washington, D.C. and hosted
by consumer gadfly Ralph Nader.  If you visit their Web site at:
you can read about their plans to discuss Microsoft. They profess
high intentions of seriously discussing Microsoft's influence on the future,
but it looks to me like a "trash Microsoft festival".  Not that
Microsoft doesn't deserve to be trashed, but I thought the Nader folks
and their "conference" was utterly transparent.  I began to wonder...just
how much does Ralph Nader know about computers and the World Wide Web.  On
Web site they list their phone number and the name of their media contact
Caroline Jonah.  Armed with my trusty Sony integrated phone/recorder I gave
her a
call.  Below is a transcript of a portion of our conversation.
Steve Kremer:
"Do you happen to know what computer system Ralph Nader uses.
Is he a Windows or Mac guy?"
Caroline Jonah:
"Umm, I don't think, let me think, he doesn't even have a computer
in his office to tell you the truth."
Steve Kremer:
"Oh really, he isn't one of those laptop toting people?
Caroline Jonah:
"In our office we have both, we use both, yeah."
Steve Kremer:
"O.K., so Mr. Nader doesn't even have a computer?"
Caroline Jonah:
"We have both in our office, so he can use either one, so. But in his
office, I don't think he even has one in his office."
I asked if she had actually ever seen Ralph using a computer and she said
I would have to talk to him directly. She promised that she would have Mr.
Nader give me a call later that day.  He never called.
So when you read the inevitable story coming out of Washington D.C. in the
middle of the month about Consumer Crusader Ralph Nader taking Microsoft
to task, remember it's being headlined by someone who has probably never had
their hand on a mouse except maybe to take a dead one out of an
OSHA approved trap.

@_date: 1997-11-14 22:20:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Appeals court says CDA blocks liability for Internet providers 
I want to bring to the attention of this group an important
     decision issued yesterday by the United States Court of Appeals for
     the Fourth Circuit in a case that I argued on behalf of America
     Online, Inc.  The Fourth Circuit affirmed the decision in Zeran v.
     America Online, Inc. that has been a frequent topic of discussion in
     this forum.  In particular, the Fourth Circuit held that Section 230
     of the Communications Decency Act (47 U.S.C. ï¿½ 230) "plainly immunizes
     computer service providers like AOL from liability for information
     that originates with third parties."  In an opinion written for a
     unanimous panel by Chief Judge Harvey Wilkinson, the court affirmed a
     ruling by the United States District Court for Eastern District of
     Virginia that is reported at 958 F. Supp. 1124 (1997).  The case
     concerned the question of whether AOL may be liable for allegedly
     being unreasonably slow to remove a series of allegedly defamatory
     messages posted on AOL message boards by an unidentified third party.
     The Court of Appeals based its ruling on Section 230(c)(1), which
     states that "No provider or user of an interactive computer service
     shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information
     provided by another information content provider."  The Court of
     Appeals also rejected the argument that Section 230 should not apply
     in this case because the messages at issue had been posted before the
     statute was enacted.

@_date: 1997-11-15 04:57:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The V-Chip for PCs, the FCC, and broadcasting on the Net 
My original article on the VChip for PCs:
  Cassidy Sehgal sez:
The interpretation of the proceeding is correct.  There has been no
revision.  There have been quotes in the press from FCC officials
stating VCHIP does not apply to PCs because PCs cant display broadcast.
This is inaccurate.
Here is the language from the rulemaking itself:
Para. 22:   Other Television Receiving Apparatus. . . . In addition,
personal computer systems, which are not traditionally thought of as
television receivers, are already being sold with the capability to view
television and other video programming. Section 551(c) of the
Telecommunications Act makes it clear that the program blocking
requirements were intended to apply to any "apparatus designed to
receive television signals" that has a picture screen of 13 inches or
larger. Accordingly, we believe that the program blocking requirements
we are
proposing should apply to any television receiver meeting the screen
size requirements, regardless of whether it is designed to
receive video programming that is distributed only through cable
television systems, MDS, DBS, or by some other distribution
system. These requirements would also apply to any computer that is sold
with TV receiver capability and a monitor that has a
viewable picture size of 13 inches or larger, as we currently do for
closed captioning.
First, there have been a series of articles lately on technical
developments for computers.  There is the expectancy that soon all PC's
will be able to receive and display broadcast signals.  W3C is
developing a standard for the display of broadcast over the Internet.
So, if all future PC's can display broadcast, they fall under the
provisions of para 22.  See Spec to bring TV-like content to Net C|NET
November 6, 1997; W3C Issues First Public Draft of Synchronized
Multimedia Integration Language (SMIL): Key Industry Players and
Organisations Team-Up to Merge the Web with Television (Nov 6, 1997);
Changing Channels: Will the Internet Become TV, PC Magazine (November
Second, if they fall under para. 22, then the VCHIP would be required to
block the transmission, whatever the source.  Para 22 states that the
VCHIP will block "video programming that is distributed . . . by some
other distribution system."  Arguably, the Internet falls under "some
other distribution system.
Final thought, if you think this analysis is wrong, make sure you file
comments with the FCC by November 24 at vchip at fcc.gov telling them so.
Make sure the FCC understands this issue the way you think it should be
-Robert Cannon
Internet Telecommunications Project

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:21:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: From the Files - Freeh and Flight 800 
Today the FBI ended the TWA Flight 800 criminal probe. The FBI's
lead investigator James Kallstrom said that the FBI found
"absolutely no evidence" that the tragedy was the result of
a criminal act.
But what was the FBI telling Congress after the incident
occurred? The following expert from CNN is worth saving.
Keep in mind that the FBI Director was simultaneously
lobbying the Judiciary Committee for expanded wiretap
U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, who was among members of Congress briefed
Friday by FBI Director Louis Freeh, said it looked "pretty darn conclusive"
either a bomb or a missile caused the explosion.
"We're looking at a criminal act," Hatch said. "We're looking at somebody who
either put a bomb on it or shot a missile, a surface-to-air missile."
Hatch, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, told CNN he came to his conclusions
after "various conversations" with government officials.
"I won't go so far as to say it was terrorism, but there was sabotage
here," Hatch
said. "It looks like that."
"It's very -- almost 100 percent unlikely -- that this was a mechanical
failure," he
said. "It looks pretty darn conclusive that it was an explosion caused either
internally or externally that was caused by a criminal act."
 * * *

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:39:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
[Forwarded with permission, first few grafs deleted by request. --Declan]
[The lineup from the conference]
-Debra Guzman, a long-time american human rights activist, gave a general
appreciation of hate sites online. She said that it was very difficult to
find them and unlikely that one would stumble on them.
-Teresa Peters, another american from the Organisation for Economic
Co-Operation and Development Information Computer and
Communications Policy Committee talked about a study that her organization
had made about regulating speech on the internet, and about the problems
this lead to. I think the study is not public, and she did not go much
beyond what the study concluded. I didn't take good notes on her speech,
however :-(
-Philip Reitinger, a prosecutor with the US DOJ, summarize US free speech
legislation and made clear that hate web sites are protected under US law.
He also addressed the likely constitutional protections of anonimity, but
left open the question of whether the US could cooperate with other
countries in investigating people who violate speech laws abroad.
-Timothy Jenkins, who as far as I can tell is mostly a consultant and
someone who is trying to get the black leadership interested in the
internet, talked about how the real problem here was that internet access
is disproportionatelly held by white (males?) in the US and Europe, and
how the lack of access to computers might be a form of racial
discrimination. He did not agree with censorship of web sites BUT he
introduced the issue of anonimity, being for restricting anonimity so as
to be able to tell who the authors of racist speech were (this was
followed by a strong denunciation by the US delegate and yours truely)
-ERic Lee, from the  Commercial Internet eXchange, an association of ISPs
talked about why ISPs shouldn't be held responsible for content and also
gave a good explanation of how the internet works.
-Agha Shahi, a member of the  Committee on the Elimination of Racial
Discrimination, gave a forceful opinion on how the Convention applies
online and how countries must criminalize hate speech online.
-Rudiger Dossow, from the Council of Europe, talked about what the Council
has been thinking about the issue and warned about potential pitfalls.
-Maya Sooka, from Sangonet in SA, questioned the code of conduct idea that
had been proposed several times
- Anthony M. Rutkowski, now from Magic, talked about how the internet
works, how impossible it is to regulate it, and how it should not be
regulated differently from other media.
At some point there was a presentation by the Simon Wiesenthal center on
hate sites online, and another by the ITU, which I did not quite
understand, about how hundreds of satellites are being launched.
In addition to the experts, the conference had representatives from some
UN and Int'l bodies, including the department of public information, the
OHCHR, the ITU, the Internet Society and others who remained mostly
silent. There were representatives from several countries, including the
US, Sweeden, Germany, France and Cuba. Most representatives were embassy
people, but those from Sweeden, france and germany were from different
ministries in their countries. These three representatives who were among
the most vocal in the conference seemed to be the only ones who were
actually aware of the legal issues concerned, as well as to what the
internet is :-)  The NGOs were badly represented, there was no one from
the groups that watch hate speech online (except for the brief appearance
of the guy from the simon Wiesenthal center). In addition to the three of
us, article 19 - the free speech organization - in England was
represented, there was a guy from the World Jewish Conference who was
there half the time, a couple of people from this organization for adult
education, a professor from the Universtiy of Geneva who spoke a few
times, and some assorted people from Geneva based groups who were mostly
silent.  There was also a guy from Indigienous World Association who
missunderstood pretty much everything said, but was very passionate.
(to be continued)
Margarita Lacabe - Derechos - marga at derechos.org -         The governors as well as the governed are bound by the law and
    by the established system of making, changing and interpreting the law
                             AKA The Rule of Law

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:53:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Text of U.N. presentation: demands for Net-censorship 
Attached below is a presentation given at the November 10-14 United Nations
summit on the Internet and "hate speech." Note what the speaker wants the
U.N. to do:
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PROGRAMME OF ACTION FOR THE
THIRD DECADE TO COMBAT RACISM AND RACIAL
Seminar on the role of Internet with regard to the
provisions of the International Convention on the
Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
Geneva, 10-14 November 1997
Item V: Prohibition of Racist Propaganda on the
Internet:  Juridical Aspects,
              International Measures
Note: The opinions expressed in this paper are those
of the author and are not necessarily shared by the
Mr. Agha Shahi, Member of the Commitee on the
Elimination of Racial Discrimination
The International Community is increasingly concerned
that new technological developments in the sphere of
communications and in particular computer networks
such as the Internet, are being exploited to
disseminate racist propaganda through out the world.
It is therefore necessary to assess the role of the
Internet in spreading ideas of racial superiority and
hatred through a wide variety of electronic
communication and information retrieval methods, known
as cyberspace and to explore from the juridical aspect
what international measures can be taken to ensure a
responsible use of the new medium, taking into account
the provisions of the International Convention on the
Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
The International Convention which has been ratified
or acceded to by 148 States, is the international
community's primary legal instrument for combating
racial hatred and discrimination. In Article 4 of this
"State Parties ... undertake to adopt immediate and
positive measures designed to eradicate:
all incitement to, or acts of, (racial) discrimination
and, to this end, with due regard to the principles
embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
and the rights expressly set forth in article 5 of
this Convention, interalia:
a) shall declare an offence punishable by law all
dissemination of ideas based on racial superiority or
hatred, incitement to racial discrimination, as well
as all acts of violence or incitement to such acts
against any race or group of persons of another colour
or ethnic origin, and also the provision of any
assistance to racist activities, including the
financing thereof;
b) shall declare illegal and prohibit organizations,
and also all other propaganda activities which promote
and incite racial discrimination and
shall recognise participation in such organizations
and activities as an offence punishable by law;
c) shall not permit public authorities or public
institutions, national or local to promote or incite
racial discrimination".
Article 1, paragraph 1 of ICERD defines "racial
discrimination" as:
"... any distinction, exclusion, restriction or
preference based on race, colour, descent, or national
or ethnic origin which has the purpose or effect of
nullifying or impairing the recognition, enjoyment or
exercise, on an equal footing, of human rights and
fundamental freedoms in the political, economic,
social, cultural or any other field of public life."
Article 6 of the International Convention provides for
remedies against acts of racial discriminations as
well as just and adequate reparation or satisfaction
for any damage suffered as a result of the violation
of Article 4 and the human rights expressly set forth
in Article 5 of the Convention.
In its General Recommendation XV (42) of 17 March
1993, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial
Discrimination (CERD) reminded the States Parties that
Article 4 is of a mandatory nature and that they have
the obligation not only to enact laws to criminalise
racial discrimination but also to ensure that the laws
are effectively enforced by national tribunals and
other state institutions.
Article 4 aims at prevention rather than cure; the law
penalises in order to deter racism or racial
discrimination as well as activities aimed at their
promotion or incitement. In respect of Article 4(b),
CERD stresses that States Parties are required to
declare illegal and prohibit all organisations as well
as organised and other propaganda activities and
punish participation in them and that 4(c) outlines
the obligations of public authorities at all
administrative levels, to ensure that they do not
promote or incite racial discrimination.
The introductory clause to Article 4 of International
Convention imposes an obligation to pay due regard to
the principles embodied in the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights (UDHR) and the rights expressly set
forth in Article 5 of the Convention including the
criminalisation and punishment of:
"All dissemination of ideas based on racial
superiority or hatred"... (as well as)
"Organisations", and also all other propaganda
activities which promote and incite racial
discrimination and (also) participation in such
organisations and activities".
Article 5(d)(viii) and (ix) of the Convention do not
spell out the right to freedom of opinion and
expression nor the right to freedom of peaceful
assembly and association. The Universal Declaration
defines these rights in its Articles 19 and 20:
Article 19
"Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and
expression; this right includes freedom to hold
opinions without interference and to seek, receive and
impart information and ideas through any media and
regardless of frontiers".
Article 20
"1. Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful
assembly and association.
2. No one may be compelled to belong to an
Article 29 of the Universal Declaration limits the
rights to freedom of opinion and expression and to
peaceful assembly and association as follows:
Article 29
Paragraph 2:
"In the exercise of his rights and freedoms, everyone
shall be subject only to such limitations as are
determined by law solely for the purpose of securing
due recognition and respect for the rights and
freedoms of others and of meeting the just
requirements of morality, public order and the general
welfare in a democratic society."
Paragraph 3:
"These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised
contrary to the purposes and principles of the United
There is a further lmitation in the Universal
Article 30:
"Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as
implying for any State, group or person any right to
engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at
the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set
forth herein".
Under Article 4 of ICERD, "due regard" to the rights
to freedom of expression and freedom of peaceful
assembly and association must also take into account
the limitation put on the exercise of these rights as
set forth in Articles 29 and 30 of UDHR. Therefore,
the "due regard" clause cannot be interpreted as
reducing to ineffectiveness, the mandatory force of
ICERD's Article 4(a) and (b). Dissemination of ideas
of racist superiority or the prohibition of
organisations and propaganda activities which promote
and incite racial discrimination are also contrary to
one of the purposes of the United Nations which is, in
the words of Article 1 paragraph 3 of the UN Charter
"to promote and encourage respect for human rights and
fundamental freedom for all without distinction as to
race, sex, language or religion and also to Article 55
of the Charter which enjoins respect for and
observance of these rights and freedoms.
In Article 4 of the International Convention, the "due
regard" clause makes no reference to the provisions of
the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights (ICCPR), as the latter was adopted by the UN
General Assembly one year after the former. The
Covenant which is an international treaty, translates
into precise rules of international law, the
principles of the Universal Declaration which do not
constitute a legally binding text though arguably,
because of the Declaration's universal acceptance, it
is claimed to have the force of customary
international law.
The following Articles of the ICCPR spell out the
right of freedom of opinion and expression and the
permissible limitations on the exercise of this right:
Article 19 (ICCPR)
1. Everyone shall have the right to hold opinions
without interference.
2. Everyone shall have the right to freedom of
expression; this shall include freedom to seek,
receive and impart information and ideas of all kinds,
regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing or
in print, in the form of art, or through any other
media of his choice.
3. The exercise of the rights provided for in
paragraph 2 of this article carries with it special
duties and responsibilities. It may therefore be
subject to certain restrictions, but these shall only
be such as are provided by law and are necessary:
(a) for respect of the rights or reputations of
(b) for the protection of national security or of
public order (ordre public), or of public health or
Article 20 (ICCPR) constitutes a further limitation of
the foregoing Article 19. It reads:
1. Any propaganda for war (war of aggression) shall be
prohibited by law.
2. Any advocacy of national, racial or religious
hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination,
hostility or violence shall be prohibited by law.
The question arises whether under Article 20 (2) and
law enacted should not be restricted to protection of
national security, or of public order or public health
or morals as in Article 19 (3) (though the two
articles stand apart) by projecting into Article 20
(2) "due regard" for freedom of expression,
particularly in view of Article 5 paragraph 1 of the
Covenant that:
"no state, group or person has the right to engage in
any activity aimed at the destruction of any of the
rights and freedoms recognised herein (including
freedom of expression) or their limitation to a
greater extent than is provided for in the Covenant".
There are also corresponding provisions in ICCPR
Article 21 on the right of peaceful assembly and
limitations thereon to UDHR Article 20 on the right to
freedom of peaceful assembly and association, as well
as in regard to the limitations that are permissible
in the two instruments on grounds of recognition and
respect for the rights and freedoms of others and
requirements of morality, public order and the general
welfare in a democratic society...
Reservations to or declarations of interpretation of
Article 4 of ICERD have been made by some sixteen
State Parties including the United Kingdom, France,
Germany, Austria, Italy and Switzerland and some
others. They have stated that legislative measures in
the fields covered in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c)
of that article are to be adopted only with "due
regard" to freedom of opinion and expression and
freedom of peaceful assembly and association and to
attain the end specified in the earlier part of
Article 4. But these reservations fail to pay due
regard to the limitations on the rights to the
freedoms of expression and association in the
Universal Declaration and the International Covenant
themselves. As for the declarations of interpretation
of these States Parties, they
"do not constitute reservations and have no legal
effect on the obligations under ICERD of the States
that make them" (HR Geneva/1996/SEM 1/BP2 by Luis
Valencia Rodriguez, Member CERD)
The United States has made more far-reaching
reservations -- that "nothing in the Convention
(ICERD) shall be deemed to require or authorise
legislation or other action by the United States of
America incompatible with the Constitution of the
United States of America", i.e. incompatible with the
extensive protections of individual freedom of speech,
expression and association.
The Human Rights Committee, which has built up an
impressive body of jurisprudence through
interpretation of the provisions of ICCPR, has held
that proscription of racist speech to be an
appropriate and legitimate restriction. It holds that
Article 19 which protects freedom of speech needs to
be interpreted in the light of Article 20 (in JRT and
WG Party V Canada DOC A/38/40 at 231--Paper presented
by Australia to UN Seminar 9-13 September 1996, Geneva
on Racist propaganda through Computer and Electronic
Network). This working paper concludes:
"It should be noted that it is only in the United
States, with its quasi-absolutist conception of
freedom of speech, that the regulation of racist
speech is held to violate the constitutional right of
free speech. Free speech is a constitutional right in
Canada and many European countries. Yet the highest
courts in these countries have held that provisions
which prohibit racial incitement and the dissemination
of racist ideas are reasonable and necessary
exceptions to the right of free speech. In 1989, for
instance, the Canadian Supreme Court upheld Canada's
anti-hate speech legislation. Interpretation of
freedom of expression involves resort to the values
and principles of a free and democratic society".
This conclusion is in line with the view of the
Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination
(CERD) as well as the generality among the State
Parties that the right to freedom of expression is not
absolute but subject to certain limitations (in UDHR
and ICCPR), that these limitations lie in the balance
to be struck between the obligations deriving from
Article 4 of the International Convention (ICERD) and
the protection of these fundamental freedoms. CERD has
consistently rejected any construction of "due regard"
for freedom of expression as neutralising the
obligation to prohibit and punish dissemination of
ideas based on racial superiority or hatred or
incitement to racial discrimination or acts of
It is clear that from the juridical point of view, the
provisions of Article 4(a) and (b) of ICERD are
mandatory rules of internationl law that call for
enforcement through competent international tribunals
and other state institutions as laid down in Article 6
of ICERD. "Due regard" for the rights to freedom of
expression or to freedom of peaceful assembly and
association cannot be so construed as to justify
failure to prohibit or punish over the Internet
dissemination of ideas of racial superiority or hatred
and all other propaganda activities which promote and
incite racial discrimination or recognise
participation in organisations carrying out such
activities as an offence punishable by law.
INTERNET AND RACIST PROPAGANDA
"The Internet is an international network of
interconnected computers that enables millions of
people to communicate with one another in cyberspace
and to access vast amounts of information around the
world... It is a unique and wholly new medium of
worldwide human communication.
So declared the US Supreme Court in its judgement of
26 June 1997 in Reno, Attorney General of the United
States et al v American Civil Liberties Union (See US
Supreme Court Syllabus) ruling indecent transmission
(pornography) on the Internet as unconstitutional on
the ground that it abridged freedom of speech
protected by the First Amendment. The Supreme Court
estimated that the "host" computers -- those that
store information and relay communications, to number
9,400,000, roughly 60% of these hosts being located in
the United States. It is estimated that about 40
million people use the Internet and that this number
is expected to grow exponentially to 200 million by
The Supreme Court judgement provides other valuable
information about the Internet which is summarised
Individuals can obtain access to the Internet from
many different sources, generally the hosts themselves
or entitles with a host affiliation. Most colleges and
universities provide access to their students and
faculty and many corporations to their employees. Many
communities and local libraries provide free access.
Several major on-line services such as America
on-line. Compuserve, the Microsoft, Network and
Prodigy offer access to their own proprietary networks
as well as a link to the much larger resources of the
Internet. These commercial on-line services had by the
middle of 1996 almost 12 million consumers.
Anyone with access to the internet can communicate and
retrieve information through electronic mail (E-mail)
automatic mailing list services ("mail exploders" or
listservs"), "newsgroups", "chat rooms" and "World
Wide Web". All of these methods can be used to
transmit text; most can transmit sound, pictures and
moving video images. Taken together these tools
constitute a unique medium known to users as
cyberspace--located in no particular geographical
location, but available to anyone, anywhere in the
world with access to the Internet.
The World Wide Web is the best known category of
communication over the Internet. It allows users to
search for and retrieve information stored in remote
computers, as well as to communicate back, in some
cases, to designated sites. In concrete terms, the Web
consists of a vast number of documents stored in
different computers all over the world. Elaborate
documents known as web pages have their own addresses
which frequently contain information and allow the
viewer to communicate with the page's (or the site's)
Any person or organisation with a computer connected
to the Internet can publish information and make it
available to all other Internet users or confine
access to a selected group.
No single organisation controls any membership in the
Web nor is there any centralised point from which
individual Web sites or services can be blocked from
the Web.
Unlike communications received by radio or television,
receipt of information from the Internet requires a
series of more deliberate and directed steps than
merely turning a dial.
According to the Tel Aviv University paper (HR Geneva
A/1996/SEM1) Anti-semitism on the Internet:
the most widely used systems for the dissemination of
anti-semitism over the Internet today are the World
Wide Web and Usenet, with lesser use of mailing lists,
FTP and Gopher.
World Wide Web
The World Wide Web (WWW) is a global information
system made up of a body of software and a set of
protocols and conventions which uses hypertext and
multimedia techniques to provide easy access to
information through the Internet. The programs for
accessing and viewing information in WWW are called
"browsers". The most popular WWW browser today is
Netscape Navigator. Using a browser, one can access
information specially prepared for WWW using the Hyper
Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP), as well as other
systems such as FTP, Gopher and Usenet news. WWW
browsers use an addressing system called Uniform
Resources Locators (URL) to request information.
Thus, if one encounters offensive material in WWW,
there is an address for complaints.
Usenet is a worldwide distributed discussion system.
It consists of a set of "newsgroups" with names that
are classified by subject. There are thousands of
newsgroups covering a very wide range of topics.
Thus, it is often impossible to determine the true
identity of the sender of a Usenet article. Moreover,
one can make it appear that the message actually came
from someone else.
Electronic mailing lists are also used. And there is
the E-mail for person to person private communication,
which can be made more secure by encryption.
Racist organisations, neo-Nazis and hate groups have
established propaganda sites on the World Wide Web
(WWW) - Working Papers (HR Geneva/1996 SEM 1 WP2 and
WP3) prepared by the Anti-Defamation League of the
United States, provide a survey of extremist material
on WWW which sows racial hatred against Jews, blacks,
Asians, Latin Americans and foreigners, proclaims
white supremacy, and spreads propaganda to justify
racial separatism and even an apocalyptic race war
waged with weapons of mass destruction.
Article 4 of ICERD is as much applicable to the
dissemination on the Internet of ideas of racial
superiority or hatred and other racist propaganda as
it is to such offences and illegal acts in the press,
radio, television or any other media.
While an opinion on racial supremacy held by an
individual or a group may be an absolute right, once
such an opinion is broadcast, , it become an act or
behaviour. This behaviour transgresses, just as an act
of racial discrimination does, national as well as
international law which call for legal penalties. Most
State Parties take this position. The case of the
United States is sui generis because of the First
Amendment which guarantees virtually absolute freedom
of speech.
"Chat room" talk on the Internet by persons holding
racist convictions could well lead to advocacy of
ideas of white racist supremacy. Participation in such
gatherings could thus be deemed culpable under Article
4(b) of ICERD.
The enforcement of the provisions of Article 4 and
Article 6 to assure remedies to, and
reparation for any damage suffered by, a victim of
racist propaganda or racial discrimination on the
Internet however present some technical problems.
Internet telecommunication though not as invasive as
radio or television as it does not appear on one's
computer screen unbidden, has today over a 100 million
users worldwide and this figure is growing
Internet has no sender who distributes offensive
material to specific recipients. It allows the
speakers and listeners to mask their identities.
In the United States, anti-semitic and racist speech
on the Internet is protected by the First Amendment
guarantee of freedom of expression. Consequently,
material that is treated as illegal in most other
democracies outside the US, including racist and
defamatory statements, will be presented on the
Internet (via US postings) and as a result, would be
accessible to virtually everyone around the globe,
regardless of existing local laws and mores. (HR
Geneva/1996/SEM1 p.6 Background paper 3 of Simon
Wiesental Centre).
As the Supreme Court judgement referred to above says,
while the "chat rooms" and Web Sites for example,
exist at fixed geographical locations on the Internet,
users can transmit and receive messages on it without
revealing anything about their identities.
Abbreviations that make up an Internet address might
be a deception.
To what extent can democratic governments regulate the
material that passes through the Net? The Internet
providers, can, if they wish, refuse service. They can
also screen content appropriately with the aid of
technologies that are evolving rapidly. The Economist
in its issue of October 19th, 1996 (page 15) states:
"Governments need to force Internet service providers,
many of which will in future be big telephone
companies, to take responsibility for what they
knowingly carry on their sites".
This in no way implies that racist talk should not
also be dealt with by monitoring and refutation.
Furthermore, all Internet traffic should be compelled
to make known its electronic signature and source
address on all messages so that it could not longer
enjoy impunity.
To draw a dividing line between what is to be
permitted and prohibited on the Internet, the relevant
provisions of the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, but also those of the International Convenant
on Civil and Political Rights as well as the
International Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Racial Discrimination, in particular Article
4, must also be taken into account.

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:54:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: EC to require "voluntary" tagging of harmful materials 
[Is it just me or have a bunch of international bureaucrats suddenly
decided they really, really want to regulate the Net? Of course this has
been in the works for some time. Reference:
 --
BRUSSELS (November 17, 1997 1:53 p.m. EST  - The
European Commission is set to suggest guidelines on
Tuesday for codes of conduct aimed at protecting children from harmful
material on the Internet or other online networks.
The codes would be drawn up by service providers themselves in each of the
15 European Union countries, reflecting the
Commission's preference for self-regulation in the sensitive area of
Internet content.
Reluctant to propose new legislation to rein in the global computer
network, the Commission says in a draft report that the EU
must respect the "fundamental democratic principles of freedom of
expression and respect for privacy."
The report, expected to be adopted at the Commission's weekly meeting in
Strasbourg, proposes that EU ministers adopt a
recommendation asking governments and industry players to cooperate to keep
sexually explicit and other harmful online
material away from children.
The central plank of the recommendation, parts of which would cover the
television industry as well, is a network of voluntary
codes of conduct.
The report, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters, says the codes should
ensure that legal but potentially harmful online
material is flagged in some way -- for example, through warning pages,
descriptive labelling or systems to check ages of users.
Parents and teachers should when possible also be given tools to filter out
unwanted content so that children can use computer
networks without supervision, it says.
Users could install filter software themselves or operators could limit
access to certain sites, the proposal says.
The codes should also set up "hotlines" for handling complaints about
illegal content that is "offensive to human dignity," as well
as rules for cooperating with judicial and police authorities to combat the
circulation of such material, it says.
They should also introduce "dissuasive measures" for companies who violate
the codes, with appeal and mediation procedures
The report asks the broadcast industry to experiment with new means of
protecting minors and informing viewers, although it
gives no specific suggestions. It also asks each country to set up a
national body able to share information with its EU
The United States is also searching for ways to shield children from
harmful Internet material after the Supreme Court in June
struck down parts of a law banning indecent material as unconstitutional.

@_date: 1997-11-19 07:11:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
My take on it is that overseas citizens have no Constitutional rights.
However ISPs in the U.S. have rights that U.S. laws recognize and protect.
If a U.S. law prevented an ISP from contracting to put a web site online,
it would be like a law that prevented a U.S. book company from publishing a
book penned by a German. Or the Netly News from publishing an article
written by our London correspondent. Such a law would be facially
Perhaps the analogy between an ISP and publisher is inexact, but that's the
type of analysis I'd pursue.

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:11:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Sorry. I was unclear. I was comparing U.S. citizens with citizens of
another country who are living in that country.
If a U.S. citizen living in the U.S. is running an ISP, I would argue from
principle that he has a right to distribute writings (I like Jeanne's
bookstore analogy) penned by citizens of another country.

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:39:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NetNanny's Gordon Ross on "Censorship and the Internet" 
Reply-To: "gordonR at netnanny.com" Organization: Net Nanny Software International Inc.
Censorship and the Internet
Written by: Gordon A. Ross CEO/President
Net nanny Software International Inc.
The Internet today provides a total open communication facility for all
societies on this planet to communicate with one another.  Depending on
your political and value judgments, this could be good, bad, allowed or
I am a firm believer in absolute freedom of speech.  However, there are
numerous organizations, societies, governments, and countries that
determine what freedom of speech is according to their own rules.  We are
capable of developing technology to allow the individual to determine what
information is appropriate or inappropriate according to their own value
sets - not mine or those of any single government.  But in order for this
type of technology to work on a global basis, we must set standards, much
like the way early telephone networks had to be set up.  Back then, if
there weren't certain "signaling" standards set within the
telecommunication community, people had to go through time-consuming
avenues in order to communicate with different foreign groups.  It is
logical that the Internet will also evolve with a set of standards, and
some of them are already in place, such as TCP/IP, HTML, and PICS (Platform
for Internet Content Selection).
Because each unique group has a different value set, we must develop a
standard that all countries can accept and use that does not infringe on
their right to govern according to their own constitutions or laws.  PICS
is such a standard.  It allows for self-imposed ratings according to the
standards of the individual, organization or country.  If ratings are
desired, PICS defines how and where a rating label should appear.  Browsers
and filtering software can read these standards and make decisions as
defined by the owner of these software applications.
Personally, I do not believe rating should be forced on any single
individual or WEB site, much in the same way I do not believe that I should
be told when I can use my telephone if it is my telephone.  However, I do
have concerns about third-party rating systems.  There are so many
important questions we have to ask:  Who is doing the rating?  What are
their qualifications?  Who determines the criteria?  How does the system
get implemented?  With the Internet's massive daily changes, how is content
validated?  And, more importantly, who validates the content?
How would rating work, if it could work at all?  There are 60 million-plus
pages on the WEB and it takes about one minute per page to rate.  To rate
every existing WEB page today, it would take about 60 million minutes - or
one million hours - or over 114 years.  Using 114 people working 24 hours a
day, the job would take a full year.  But the bad news is that as soon as
everything was rated, the process would have to start all over again,
because within a year the WEB would change drastically.  Even day-to-day
changes would be difficult to track.  That's why a self-rating system would
be the most cost-effective solution - as well as the most politically
I would be very concerned if mandatory rating is enforced.  We are
fortunate to live in a society that allows us the civil liberties that we
currently enjoy.  No single jurisdiction can - or should - govern the
Internet.  And technology will always evolve in order to get around this
type of government control.  There is simply too much content for any
single entity to monitor at this time.
Many people feel there should be no rating or controls legislated for the
Internet.  Legislation already exists to enforce proper conduct within a
country's Internet access.  Technology developed by industry will allow
individuals the control they want according to their own personal values.
 The masses should be educated as to emerging technologies that will offer
them choices - and how these technologies can be used safely.  Once people
understand how the technology can prevent problems, the divisive issues
currently facing us will become moot.
Today, we function in a global community, and we can no longer isolate
ourselves thinking we can "go it alone."  The Internet opens up worldwide
communications channels.  We can discover or share any information at any
time from any source, if we so choose.  We must strive to preserve the open
communication and the free exchange of ideas, while at the same time
protect our children when we as individuals feel it is necessary.
 Technology companies can and will provide the tools for us to accomplish
both free speech on the Internet - and protection for our families.
The Internet can be a truly wonderful resource for the entire world to
share.  Approximately 95% of it is, in fact, good.  Up until now, we have
done a great job of informing the general population of the negatives
inherent in a tool like the WEB.  But now it's time to educate people about
the positive aspects of the Internet, especially as it becomes their major
communication facility in the future.
What it comes down to is, a simple matter of choice.

@_date: 1997-11-20 12:11:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorware Summit agenda (December 1-3) 
[Note civil liberties and journalism groups are absent from the list of
organizations represented. --Declan]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                   CONTACT:
Wednesday, November 19, 1997                    Sydney Rubin, 301/654-5991
                                                        Malena Hougen,
INTERNET/ONLINE SUMMIT: FOCUS ON CHILDREN RELEASES AGENDA FOR MEETING,
DECEMBER 1-3
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Organizers of the Internet/Online Summit: Focus on Children
today released an agenda for the historic three-day meeting of public
interest and family advocates, educators, industry leaders and law
enforcement officials joining forces to find  ways to enhance the safety
and education of children in cyberspace.
The meeting is the first time so many diverse organizations have come
together to address safety and content issues related to children and the
new mass medium. The Summit is the first in a series of discussions on
issues affecting children in cyberspace, including advertising, access,
privacy, and marketing and content.  The first meeting will focus on
content and safety.
The December 1-3 Summit will include speakers, panels, announcements of
initiatives taken by the Summit and its participants, and a small
exhibition of technological tools and educational resources available to
help parents manage children's time on-line.  Panelists will be announced
prior to the Summit.
The Summit Agenda, which is subject to change, follows:
MONDAY, DECEMBER 1,  5 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
Registration and Opening Reception adjacent to technological tools kiosks
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Call to Order
Speaker (Vice President Al Gore invited to speak)
Presentation on Good Content with the Public Broadcasting System and others
Framing the Issues: speaker Lois Jean White, President of the National PTA
Panel in Framing the Issues
Panel in "Safety"
Luncheon Speakers:      Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Secretary of
William M. Daley
Presentation on Law Enforcement On-Line: Attorney General Janet Reno and
Presentation on Public Education: Secretary Richard W. Riley and panelists
Presentation on the Technology Tool Kit
Panel on Filtering and Ratings
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3,  8:30 a.m. - noon
Review of Previous Day:  Christine Varney, Chairperson of the Summit
Congressional Roundtable with Summit Participants
Kids Panel Moderated by Linda Ellerbee
All activities will take place at the Renaissance Washington, D.C. Hotel at
999 Ninth Street, N.W.
Registration to attend the Summit must be done through the Summit's Web
site:   Separate registration forms are available at the
site for journalists and the public, as well as other information as it
become available.
A partial list of the organizations sponsoring the Summit includes:
AT&T                                                    America Online
American Library Association                            Center for
Democracy and Technology
Center for Media Education                              Children Now
The Children's Partnership                              CompuServe
The Direct Marketing Association                        Disney Online
Digital Equipment/Alta Vista                            Enough is Enough
Family Education Company                                IBM
Interactive Services Association                                The
Learning Company/Cyber Patrol
Microsoft Corporation                                   MCI Communication
NETCOM                                          Net Nanny
National Association of Secondary School Principals
National Center for Missing & Exploited Children        National Consumers
National Education Association                          National Law Center
Surfwatch                                               Time Warner
# # #

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:14:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Copyrights and Wrongs, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
November 20, 1997
Copyrights and Wrongs
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     If you think nothing of trading copyrighted software with
your friends, think again. A new law passed by Congress
will make even casual copyright breach a crime punishable
by a fine of up to $250,000 and five years in a federal
     While you're cooling your heels in Club Fed, you'll
have plenty of time to consider your misdeeds -- which in
this case could have been making just three copies of Adobe
Photoshop (cost: $389). The legislation covers anyone who
copies compact discs, videocasettes or computer software
worth at least $1,000. The No Electronic Theft Act, which
President Clinton is expected to sign later this month,
will be the first law in the history of the U.S. to
imprison copiers looking to save (not make) a few bucks.
     The President's signature will come not a nanosecond
too soon for the software and recording industry lobbyists
who have demanded this legislation for years. "The function
of the criminal copyright law is to deter people from
commercial-scale piracy, just as it is to penalize those
who prosecutors take to court," says Mark Traphagen, vice
president of the Software Publishers Association, the
software industry's largest trade organization.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:34:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Copyrights and Wrongs, from The Netly News 
Congress has voted to make not-for-profit copyright infringments a federal
felony, as I write in my article at:
  A Federal court in _LaMacchia_ noted that: "Since 1897, when criminal
copyright infringement was first introduced into U.S. copyright law, the
concept differentiating criminal from civil copyright violations has been
that the infringement must be pursued for purposes of commercial
This now changes. For the first time in the history of the U.S., nonprofit
(noncommercial) copying is a crime.
When doing research for the story I stumbled across this quote, from the
Supreme Court in Dowling v. United States, 473 U.S. 207 (1985):
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-11-23 03:59:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House panel puts Clinton's private fax online 
House Panel Puts Clinton's Private Fax on the Internet
          By Ed Henry and Jennifer Bradley
          President Clinton's private fax number was placed on the
Internet by the
          House Government Reform and Oversight Committee for a brief time
          Tuesday in a breach that has infuriated White House officials.
          The number for the fax machine that sits right outside the Oval
Office was
          provided to Government Reform and Oversight investigators by
          Clinton political consultant Dick Morris, during an August
deposition, on the
          condition that it be kept private.           But the fax number, which Clinton uses for secure communications
with old
          friends and people he meets during trips around the nation, was
left in the
          deposition made public Tuesday on the Internet.
          "I can say on the President's behalf that he's disappointed that
the committee
          didn't respect the confidentiality of his number," White House
          Mike McCurry said in an interview. "This is very troubling to
the White
          House."
          After being contacted by Roll Call with the President's private
number on
          Tuesday evening, McCurry did some checking and called back
within a few
          minutes to declare, "Unfortunately it's a match."
          McCurry complained that the White House will now have to change
          number and try to track down all of the disparate people who use
the number.
          "This basically has the potential to ruin a device the President
has used as a
          real good sounding board," he said.
          McCurry suggested this was an example of Government Reform and
          Oversight Chairman Dan Burton's (R-Ind) recklessness.

@_date: 1997-11-25 01:59:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anonymity at any cost, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
November 24, 1997
Anonymity At Any Cost
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        When Lance Cottrell created an easy-to-use anonymous e-mail service
        Which leaves Cottrell with new and more troubling worries. The
        Last weekend Cottrell and I joined 40 lawyers, technologists and

@_date: 1997-11-25 06:56:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Free speech and jlist groups press conf on ratings (12/1) 
** MEDIA ADVISORY **
           Press Conference on Internet Ratings and Filtering
WHO:   Internet Free Expression Alliance (IFEA)
WHAT:  Press conference announcing the formation of IFEA, a coalition of
organizations devoted to the continuation of the Internet as a forum for
open expression and to identify new threats to free expression and First
Amendment values on the Internet, whether legal or technological.
WHEN:  Monday, December 1, 12:30 p.m.
WHERE: First Amendment Lounge
       National Press Club
       14th & F Streets, N.W.
       Washington, DC
WHY:   To address the free speech issues raised by proposals to rate
and filter "objectionable" content on the Internet.  These proposals
will be featured prominently at the White House-endorsed "Internet
Online Summit" that opens on December 2.  Representatives of the
following IFEA member organizations will be available for comment:
       American Civil Liberties Union
       American Society of Newspaper Editors
       Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
       Electronic Frontier Foundation
       Electronic Privacy Information Center
       Feminists for Free Expression
       Institute for Global Communications
       National Campaign for Freedom of Expression
       National Coalition Against Censorship
       Society of Professional Journalists
David Sobel, EPIC: 202-544-9240
David Greene, NCFE: 202-393-2787
Emily Whitfield, ACLU: 212-549-2566

@_date: 1997-11-26 02:11:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft's compelled speech, compelled marketing 
I am very amused to see the Naderites on the warpath again. Better yet is
their claim that the Microsoft DoJ action is divorced from politics. This
is an excerpt from a message I posted to another list. Might be interesting.
And if we look at the history of antitrust we see that the political world
is often the most important one:

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:02:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Book review from amazon.com: Internet Cryptography 
Internet Cryptography
                                         by Richard E. Smith
                                         Paperback, 356 pages
                           List: $27.92 ~ Our Price: $27.92
                           Availability: This title usually ships within
24 hours.
                           (You can always remove it later...)
                           Internet Books Editor's Recommended Book,
                           11/01/97:
                           For all the talk about the Internet's very real
security weaknesses,
                           information safety is not all that difficult to
achieve. Yes, most
                           Internet technology does a better job of making
                           accessible than it does of protecting privacy.
Still, modern
                           cryptographic products and techniques have made
more than
                           adequate security available to just about
anyone who needs it. In
                           Internet Cryptography, network security
consultant Richard
                           Smith explains the basics of online security.
He avoids getting
                           technical with too much cryptographic theory or
the mathematics
                           behind the magic. Instead he focuses on
providing just enough
                           information to enable information systems
managers and
                           administrators to make wise decisions. In fact,
Smith pays close
                           attention to matters of system configuration
and operation,
                           showing how even the best encryption methods
can be ruined by
                           careless operation. From there, Smith explains
how today's
                           techniques can protect information from being
forged, altered, or
                           stolen. Smith devotes most of his discussion of
                           cryptographic options to products that are
presently on the
                           market. Therefore, the techniques he describes
are generally
                           within the reach of most businesses and
organizations. He
                           progresses from the simplest to most complex
                           examining the strengths and weaknesses of each.
As a result,
                           readers wind up with a solid understanding of
                           security as well as a good feel for the level
of security they
                           require.                            Book Description :
                           "This book provides an excellent overview of
how encryption is
                           used, its strengths and weaknesses, and what to
look for when
                           building or choosing real-world solutions. This
is a must-have
                           book for anyone considering the deployment of
an important
                           system relying on modern cryptography." -
Marcus J. Ranum,
                           Chief Scientist, V-ONE Corporation.
                           Here, in one comprehensive, soup-to-nuts book,
is the solution
                           for Internet security: modern-day cryptography.
Written by a
                           security expert with a wealth of practical
experience, this book
                           covers network and Internet security in terms
that are easy to
                           understand, using proven technology, systems,
and solutions.
                           From the client workstation to the Web host to
the e-mail server,
                           every aspect of this important topic is
examined and explained.
                           The once-daunting subject of cryptography is
demystified and
                           applied to today's security challenges. Topics
include: essentials
                           of cryptography; networking and Internet
                           encryption building blocks; virtual private
networks; legal
                           considerations; setting realistic security
objectives; secured
                           electronic mail; World Wide Web transaction
security; and
                           Internet Firewalls.
                           This book is written for people who want to
move data safely
                           across the Internet and protect corporate
resources from
                           unauthorized access. Using real-life case
studies, examples, and
                           commercially available software products,
cryptography is
                           presented as a practical solution to specific,
everyday security
                           challenges.

@_date: 1997-11-26 11:54:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft's compelled speech, compelled marketing 
My point is the same as Ed Black's, and (I believe) David Burnham's: Antitrust investigations as important as this one cannot be divorced from
politics. I suppose a corollary to that is that MSFT's competitors should
be wary of calling for the Feds to step in; that can backfire when MSFT
increases its lobbying efforts and turns the tables.

@_date: 1997-11-27 01:36:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Freedom Forum First Amendment conference (12/16/97) 
on December 16 in Arlington, Va.  We will be releasing Donna Demac's "State
of the First Amendment" report and a landmark public opinion survey on the
First Amendment.  In addition, there will be presentations by leading
authorities on violence in the media, hate speech, pornography, flag
desecration, television, the Internet, videos, the press, art, and
religion.  If you would like more details and directions for signing up
(there is no charge), please go to my web page at:
landmark national survey of public attitudes toward the First Amendment
First-rate speakers.  Dynamite program.

@_date: 1997-11-27 01:36:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato Institute request for policy papers on encryption 
Cato Institute's progam for information studies (that is, privacy and
crypto) is interested in receiving proposals for **short** policy papers
(five to thirty pages) on different aspects of the encryption debate.  In
particular, I am interested in detailed, well-argued but concise papers
addressing the following:
*  The costs (narrowly conceived) of mandatory key recovery:  OMB has one
estimate with no particular empirical support beyond the assertions of
national security folks.  We are interested in cost estimates that move the
debate forward in being based on something more concrete and reliable than
what has been offered thus far--so, we won't need years of carefully
calibrated econometric data (which just isn't there)--but we do want
something more than speculation.
*  Also needed, a short paper illustrating the impact of the export control
regime on experimental software or hardware ventures.  What are the costs of
the regulatory process in time and money, from the standpoint of the
developer?  Anecdotes welcome.
*  I would also like to do a paper on the uses of encryption in combatting
human rights violations worldwide, again replete with examples and anecdotes...
*  and A short paper on the ease of evading export controls--detailing the
ease with which encryption programs can be homemade, purchased from foreign
sources, etc.;
*  and a short paper on the strength of U.S. assertions that other countries
are likely to go along with U.S. attempts to foist mandatory key escrow upon
everyone by international agreement.
Please contact me if you are interested.
Solveig Singleton
(202) 789-5274
(202) 842-3490 (fax)
Director of Information Studies
Cato Institute
1000 Mass. Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1997-11-28 02:58:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Kids summit" -- CNNfn interview with SurfWatch president 
[I'd still like to hear more on the inner workings of next week's "kids on
the Net" summit from our friends at CDT who are sponsoring it. The lineup
of speakers includes Janet Reno, Al Gore, and the secretaries of commerce
and education. All joining together to Protect the Children! --Declan]
                                     CNNFN
                         SHOW: DIGITAL JAM 19:30 pm ET
               November 26, 1997; Wednesday 7:51 pm Eastern Time
TYPE: INTERVIEW
SECTION: Business
LENGTH: 913 words
HEADLINE:  Kids & Cyberspace
GUESTS:  Michael Sears
BYLINE:  John Defterios
    JOHN DEFTERIOS, CNNfn ANCHOR, DIGITAL JAM: Next week family advocates,
educators and industry leaders are coming together to discuss ways to keep
children safe in cyberspace.  One of the sponsors of the Internet Online
Summit is Surfwatch a company that makes blocking software to help parents
and teachers filter out objectionable content.
    Joining me now from Stanford, California to discuss the goals of the
summit is Michael Sears.  He is the president of Surfwatch.  Michael it's
great to have you on DIGITAL JAM.  Welcome to you.
    MICHAEL SEARS, PRESIDENT, SURFWATCH: Thank you, a pleasure to be here.
    DEFTERIOS: First of all, let's discuss how this summit came about.  Was
it a building movement that finally crescendo.
    SEARS: I think it is.  It's actually the outgrowth of what we did last
June with President Clinton and Vice President Gore.  In fact June and July
time frame the CDA was overturned.  The White House decided to take the
initiative and asked the industry to get together to see what we can do to
actually empower kids and enable kids Online.
    DEFTERIOS OK.  What is the happy medium here, Michael because that's
what everybody is really looking for because the Communications Decency Act
did stumble and we had people on both side of the debate wanting to stake
out their territory.  What is , in your view, is the center ground?
    SEARS: Well, the debate will continue, but the center ground really is
that it's all about kids.  What we're talking about doing here is bringing
together industry and law enforcement and public policy people and talking
about to empower kids Online and give them effective tools. Effective tools
that are also very easy to use.
    The idea behind that is how can kids actually get on the net, learn,
research, discover, play and do it in a really enriching environment. But
also we realize that there are a lot of safety concerns Online. That's
probably what we're going to talk about primarily.
    DEFTERIOS: How about the ACLU, they were raising concerns about being
blocked out here or filtration or censorship on the extreme.  How do you
deal with that side of - the people on that side of the debate?
    SEARS: It's a slippery slope.  The idea here is do we block, companies
like Surfwatch, do we block content Online.  The idea once again is we
target your typical 12 year old in the US.  If that 12 year old should see
a site or if that 12 years old needs to discover something we try to make
sure that we have all of our technology, all of our processes in place to
insure that information comes forward.  Such as, we don't block the idea of
breast, for instance, because breast could be talking about a chicken
recipe.  It could be talk about breast cancer.  However, it it's a sexually
explicit depiction or expression of that word that's where you come in and
use filtering software to block.
    DEFTERIOS: There's another side to this, of course, that kids are often
much more computer savvy than their parents.  How do you over that hurtle?
    SEARS: That's a major hurdle.  In fact we're talking about empowering
kids with effective tools, but those tools have to be very easy to use and
the ease of use isn't really for the kids because the kids know how to do
this stuff. They know what's Online. They know what's out there and they
know how to get there.  What we really provide are the easy to use tools
for mom and dad.  So mom and dad pointing and clicking and turning switches
on and off very easily can really control the family's environment.
    DEFTERIOS: As you know, this is a political hot potato for President
Clinton because he didn't want to seem extreme on both side and he would
like industry to work it out.  When it is all said and done, Michael, what
is the solution here?
    SEARS: Well, the solution that this market is all about is called
parental control.  Surfwatch started the market about three years ago and
the word parental control itself was important not only because it's the
software in the technology, but it because of those first two words,
parental control.  Mom and dad have to be involved.  Mom and dad have to
engage not only to help the kids Online, but also make sure that in chat
rooms or with e-mail or with explicit pictures they can really sit down and
talk to the kids and moderate what their kids are doing.  We're just a tool.
    DEFTERIOS: This is not a government.  Not to interrupt you, but we're
almost out of time here.  But this is, you're saying, not government
intervention then.
    SEARS: Absolutely.
    DEFTERIOS: The technology is out there to let the families tackle this
on their own.
    SEARS: That on and off switch should be in the hands of moms and dads
not the government.
    DEFTERIOS: OK, great.  How about your market share before we let you go
tonight?  How are you faring against your competition?
    SEARS: I think we're doing very well.  All the buzz that's been
happening over the last couple of months has helped our shares as well as
our competitors. We've shipped millions of copies, 7.2 last July. We
haven't done the survey lately, but we're clearly in the tens of millions
right now.
    DEFTERIOS: OK.  It's great to have you.
    SEARS: Great to be here.  Thanks very much.
    DEFTERIOS: And have a nice Thanksgiving holiday.
    SEARS: Same to you.  Take care.
    DEFTERIOS: My pleasure.  Michael Sears, president of Surfwatch, joining
us from Stanford, California.

@_date: 1997-11-28 13:33:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Request for Jim Bell Update 
My report on the original raid in April:
 The July/August issue of Internet Underground has my much longer piece with
the last (I believe) interview with Jim Bell before he went to jail.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-11-28 14:02:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Is Tim May guilty of illegally advocating revolution? 
So I've been reading "Freedom and the Court" by Henry Abraham, and a
passage in it made me think of Tim May and the cypherpunks list:
Some civil liberties lawyers, incidentally, have told me that Internet
messages almost by definition are probably not "direct and imminent
Some excerpts from Yates v. United States:
        The essential distinction [354 U.S. 298, 325] is that those to whom
        Instances of speech that could be considered to amount to "advocacy

@_date: 1997-11-29 08:35:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censor Intel 
More intel, from the other side. The journalist and civil liberties groups
that have joined the Internet Free Expressional Alliance (compare and
contrast to the sponsors of the summit at
American Civil Liberties Union
American Society of Newspaper Editors
Bolt Reporter
Boston Coalition for Freedom of Expression
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Feminists for Free Expression
First Amendment Project
Institute for Global Communications
International Periodical Distributors Association
Journalism Education Association
National Association of Artists Organizations
National Campaign for Freedom of Expression
National Coalition Against Censorship
National Writers Union
Publishers Marketing Association
Society of Professional Journalists
z publishing
The IFEA press conference at 12:30 pm Monday will be carried by CSPAN for
you outside-the-Bway-folks. One or two libertarian thinktanks may make
available some material critical of the push towards mandatory voluntary
ratings. The IFEA folks will also, I'm told, have someone at the Censorware
Summit hotel itself, on Tuesday, in Meeting Room  on the lower level.

@_date: 1997-12-01 13:23:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Faulty Filters" report; anti-rating free speech alliance 
[From December 1 EPIC Alert --Declan]
[2] EPIC Report Slams Internet Content Filters
EPIC today released a report that finds that "family-friendly" search
engines typically block access to 99 percent of the material on the
Internet that would be appropriate for young people.  The report was
released just prior to a White House summit that will examine the use of
content filters and rating systems for the Internet.
EPIC's study was based on a side-by-side comparison of an unfiltered
Internet search engine (AtltaVista) with a filtered search engine.
According to Net Shepherd, Inc., its Family Search retrieval service
screens out material that is "inappropriate and/or objectionable for
average user families."  EPIC tested both search engines using such
search phrases as the "American Red Cross," the "National Aquarium," and
"Thomas Edison."  The study found that the filtered search engine
typically blocked access to 99 percent of the documents containing those
phrases when compared with results returned by AltaVista.
The EPIC report, "Faulty Filters," includes a survey of 100 search
phrases in four categories -- schools; charitable and political
organizations; educational and artistic groups; and concepts that might
be of interest to young people.
Marc Rotenberg, Director of EPIC, said, "We found that as information on
popular topics became more widely available on the Internet, the
filtered search engine was likely to block an even higher percentage.
We further found that the search engine did not seem to restrict
sensitive topics for young people any more than it restricted matters of
general interest.  Even with the very severe blocking criteria employed,
we noted that some material which parents might consider to be
objectionable was still provided by the software."
The report was released at a press conference held at the National Press
Club.  EPIC said that it was joining with several other organizations to
establish the Internet Free Expression Alliance (IFEA) to address the
free speech implications of Internet rating and filtering proposals (see
item below).
The text of the "Faulty Filters" Report is available at:
     [2] Groups Establish Internet Free Expression Alliance
EPIC today announced that it is joining with 20 other organizations to
establish the Internet Free Expression Alliance (IFEA).  The new
coalition will address the free speech implications of Internet rating
and filtering proposals and promote the open exchange of information on
the Internet.
The formation of IFEA comes one day before the opening of an
Administration-sponsored summit on Internet issues.  President Clinton
is on record as supporting the widespread use of content ratings and
filtering techniques to create a "family-friendly Internet."  At an
earlier summit meeting last July, the President said that it "must be
our objective" to ensure that the labeling of Internet content "will
become standard practice."
As detailed in the report EPIC released today, such rating and filtering
systems can block access to a vast amount of valuable information;
according to the EPIC report, 99 percent of all online material is
typically filtered out by a new "family-friendly" Internet search
engine. In a statement released at IFEA's inaugural press conference at
the National Press Club, EPIC Legal Counsel David Sobel said, "It is
troubling that the White House has so readily embraced an approach that
has the potential to destroy the Internet as an educational resource."
EPIC was a plaintiff in the historic ACLU v. Reno litigation, which led
to last summer's landmark Supreme Court decision striking down the
Communications Decency Act (CDA).  Many other organizations that joined
the CDA challenge are involved in the creation of IFEA.  Alliance
members include the American Civil Liberties Union, American Society of
Newspaper Editors, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, the
Electronic Frontier Foundation, the National Coalition Against
Censorship, the National Writers Union and the Society of Professional
For information on IFEA can be found at:

@_date: 1997-12-01 14:15:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: V Chips in PCs -- comments filed with the FCC 
A bunch of other groups filed comments last week, generally opposing a
requirement for Vchips in computers, but the ACLU's is the only one I have
in electronic form. An excerpt:
More info:
    From:  PRIVACLU at aol.com
     To: declan at well.com
Before the
        FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
        Washington, DC
In the Matter of
          ET Docket No. 97-206
Technical Requirements to Enable Blocking of
Video Programming Based on Program
        COMMENTS OF THE AMERICAN
CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION
        The American Civil Liberties Union
(ACLU) is a nonpartisan organization
of more than 250,000 members nationwide
dedicated to defending the
principles of liberty and equality embodied in
the Bill of Rights. For
nearly a century, the ACLU has sought to preserve
and strengthen the
First Amendment as a bulwark against all forms of
        The ACLU has previously submitted extensive
comments to the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) in opposition to
ratings systems for television programming that single
out sex,
violence, or other controversial subjects on television because
believe they infringe the fundamental principles of free expression.
 We
adhere to our prior views. We respectfully submit these comments on
different issues raised by the FCC's proposal for emerging
and urge the Commission to refrain from entering into the
        In particular, the ACLU urges the Commission not to
expand the
application of the proposed rules to include any and all
capable of displaying or receiving video programming, including
computers and Digital Television (DTV), Multi-point
Systems, Direct Broadcasting Systems (DBS) and other
technologies. The ACLU believes that Congress has not directed the
to mandate the inclusion of the V-Chip in these emerging technologies.
Furthermore, such an expansive reading of the Telecommunications Act
run afoul of the First Amendment protections accorded to speech
interactive media, such as the Internet, as a result of the
Supreme Court decision Reno v. ACLU. 117 S.Ct. 2329 (1997).
Finally, we
urge the FCC to abstain from prohibiting distribution services
deleting or modifying ratings information from television programming
a violation of the First Amendment.
I. THE FCC IS NOT REQUIRED TO
MANDATE INCLUSION OF BLOCKING TECHNOLOGY
IN PERSONAL COMPUTERS CAPABLE OF
RECEIVING VIDEO PROGRAMMING UNDER THE
1996 TELECOMMUNICATIONS
        Section 551(c) of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 ("the Act"),
Parental Choice in Television Programming, directs the FCC to
in the case of an apparatus designed to receive television signals
that have a picture screen 13 inches or greater in size
diagonally), that such apparatus be equipped with a feature
designed to
enable viewers to block display of all programs with a
rating...". Section 551 (e)(2) requires the Commission to consult
the television manufacturing industry to find an effective date
inclusion of the V-chip in televisions.  In contrast, with regard
technologies like the Internet, Congress directed the FCC in
552(d)(4)(A) of the Act to determine the availability of
blocking technology that enables parents to block programming
based on
identifying programs without ratings.
        Although the language of
the Act addresses the need for traditional
television manufacturers to
comply with the provision at issue, the
Commission's current Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) calls for
expansion of the Telecommunications Act
of 1996, to mandate inclusion of
blocking devices in all technology capable
of displaying broadcast video
programming, even in apparatus that is not
primarily designed for
television viewing.  Specifically, the NPRM includes
a requirement for
personal computer manufacturers to include V-chip
technology. Paragraph
22 of the NPRM, states in pertinent part:
addition, personal computer systems, which are not traditionally
thought of
as television receivers, are already being sold with the
capability to view
television and other video programming. Section
551(c) of the
Telecommunications Act makes it clear that the program
blocking requirements
were intended to apply to any "apparatus designed
to receive signals" that
has a picture screen of 13 inches or larger.
Accordingly, we believe that
the program blocking requirements we are
proposing should apply to any
television receiver meeting the screen
size requirements, regardless of
whether it is designed to receive video
programming that is distributed only
through cable television systems,
MDS, DBS, or by some other distribution
system.  These requirements
would also apply to any computer that is sold
with TV receiver
capability and a monitor that has a viewable picture size
of 13 inches
or larger, as we currently do of closed captioning." (emphasis
        The NPRM broadly states that the rules should apply to any
"regardless of whether it is designed to receive video programming
is distributed only through cable television systems, [satellite], or
some other distribution system." Under the broadest interpretation
rules could be extended to cover any video programming viewed using
computer.  Despite this confusion, the FCC has not publicly
clarification as to what types of personal computer technology
fall under the purview of the proposed rules.
        In addition, the
NPRM statement that Section 551 (c) of the Act
"makes it clear that program
blocking requirements were intended to
apply to any apparatus" capable of
receiving television signals, is
plainly contrary to the expressed view of
Congress  and a conclusion
with which the ACLU strongly disagrees.  Congress
instead suggested in
Section 551 (d) (4) et seq., that as new video
technology is developed,
the Commission determine the availability of less
restrictive and more
informative alternatives.  Thus, Congress did not
propose the mandatory
inclusion of V-chip technology, but directed the
Commission to determine
whether other features could be used to provide
greater user choice over
        We believe that the rush to embrace the
V-chip for traditional
televisions has been more damaging to the development
of other user
friendly tools that do not require the state imposition of a
rating and
blocking system.  Previously submitted comments by the
manufacturing industry also make clear that the FCCs haste
establishing schedules for the inclusion of the V-chip in
may result in poorly adapted equipment that may quickly become
        The expansion of V-chip technology into the computer realm makes
less sense. Interactive media is subject to even more rapid change
television and that change increasingly allows for more user choice
II. THE FCC MAY NOT REQUIRE COMPUTERS TO INCLUDE CENSORING
TECHNOLOGY IF
THEY ARE CAPABLE OF RECEIVING VIDEO PROGRAMMING VIA THE
INTERNET OR BY
OTHER MEANS:
        Currently, there are at least three ways to
view video programming on
personal computers.  The first model is where
video programming can be
viewed on "PC-TVs," computers that include built-in
television receivers
or have an added plug-in circuit board to provided
video reception
capability. Second, a personal computer user has her Web
connected to an Internet Service Provider (ISP) with the
enabling technology to permit a multimedia connection to the
With this connection, a user who is on the Web can go to any
number of
sites to download or view video/audio objects. Until now, the slow
of Internet dial-up connections has meant that it could take
minutes to view online video clips. However, with new high
connections, large video files may be downloaded or viewable in a
or seconds -- making it possible to view video programming online
real time, like television and radio. Webcasting offers access to a
greater number of speakers or content providers than
        PC-TVs and webcasting have only recently
become available, with new
models and features being marketed forth daily.
Both offer a much
greater spectrum of data, including programming
information, than is
possible by traditional broadcasting and under the
current ratings
scheme.  The potential to offer greater information means
does not mean
the FCC should expand the reach of its content restriction
through the
V-chip.  Instead, these technologies could offer transmission of
reviews or other detailed information about individual
        The Commission may not mandate blocking technology for computers
Internet software that provides the ability to view real-time
programs online. Unlike television, the Internet provides
user controlled access and not government regulated or licensed
Video programming displayed online may include traditional
programming, but also includes a variety of authors and producers
have never before had the ability to gain wide distribution.  Such
application of the proposed rules not only runs counter to
Telecommunications Act, but represents an assumption of authority by
government over content on the Internet that has already been
by the Supreme Court.
        In the landmark case Reno v. ACLU, the
Supreme Court overturned
provisions of the Federal Communication Decency Act
(CDA) and declared
that the Internet is entitled to the highest level of
free speech
protection. The Court explicitly analogized the Internet to
traditional print media, saying that unlike broadcast media, which
been traditionally considered a more intrusive means of speech that
available to a fewer number of speakers, the virtually unlimited
and potential for speech means that the government requires a
reason to restrict lawfully protected speech.
        As the lead
attorneys and plaintiffs in the case, the ACLU successfully
argued that the
provisions of the CDA that would have made it a crime to
anything "indecent" online  violated the First Amendment.
The Court
rejected the CDA because it was an overbroad means of
addressing the
government's asserted interest in protecting minors from
material -- the very same reason offered today by the
Commission and
Congress in enacting V-Chip regulations.
        Moreover, the Court explicitly
rejected the notion that the government
has the authority to regulate
constitutionally protected speech online.
The Court stated, "the growth of
the Internet has been and continues to
be phenomenal.  As a matter of
constitutional tradition, in the absence
of evidence to the contrary, we
presume that governmental regulation of
the content of speech is more likely
to interfere with the free exchange
of ideas than to encourage it. The
interest in encouraging freedom of
expression in a democratic society
outweighs any theoretical but
unproven benefit of censorship." Reno v. ACLU,
117 S.Ct. 2329, -- ,
        Although the ACLU believes that the same
First Amendment values apply
to each media,  the Court has repeatedly stated
that any government
regulation of broadcast television is justifiable only
because of the
intrusiveness of television coupled with the scarcity of
broadcasting transmission spectrum.   As the high court stated in
v. ACLU, neither of those rationale applies to the Internet.
        Any FCC
efforts to restrict content online, directly or indirectly,
through a forced
rating scheme would violate the First Amendment.  It
would also have the
effect of turning what the Supreme Court call the
most participatory medium
into a bland and homogenized medium that
provides access to only self-rated
or censored speech.
IV. THE FCC MAY NOT PROHIBIT OPERATORS THAT
DISTRIBUTE VIDEO PROGRAMMING
FROM DELETING OR MODIFYING PROGRAM RATINGS
CARRIED ON LINE 21 OF VBI.
        The NPRM states that the FCC proposes to amend
its rules to ensure that
ratings information is not deleted or modified
before transmission by
distributors.  Put plain, this means that the FCC is
selecting which of
the "speakers" -- from the programs writers, to its
producers, network
and local stations has the power to set a rating and
requiring all the
other speakers to agree with the given rating.  But by
removing the
power for any of these parties to modify ratings, the
government also
removes any flexibility from its proposed scheme -- it is
deciding that
national broadcasters make that decision, for all of their
producers, directors, affiliates and stations.   There is no room
disagreement and there is no choice but for distributors to agree
the designation.  Ratings must, by definition be national.  Leaving
that might appropriate in Mississippi but that is not in New York.
        Furthermore, there are serious First Amendment problems with
all program distributors from carrying ratings that they
objectionable or that they disagree with are critical.
required ratings are a form of "forced speech" and diminish
discretion of programming distributors in determining the relevance
appropriateness of the proposed program rating.   That is,
labels compels private individuals and companies to say things
their creative offerings that they have no wish to say and with
they may disagree.  The Supreme Court has made clear that such
speech is as much a violation of First Amendment rights as
silence.  See, e.g., Riley v. National Federation of the Blind, 487
781, 797 (1988); Pacific Gas & Electric Co. v. Public Utilities
475 U.S. 1 (1986); Wooley v. Maynard, 430 U.S. 705, 714
        Ratings prescribed by the FCC pursuant to the Act can hardly
defended as an innocuous effort to empower parents by supplying
with neutral information.  A truly non-coercive effort to
parents, rather than censor what the government believes to
"negative" or dangerous ideas, would not rely on the minimal,
misleading information conveyed by a letter or code that can be
read by
a computer chip. Parents are better served by fuller
(descriptions or reviews) that explains the context in which
violent or
sexual material is presented, and that enables them to make
decisions based on their own values and childrearing philosophies,
the personal maturity levels of their children.
        The ACLU
believes that the extension of the V-chip rules is unnecessary
and unwise
under the Telecommunications Act of 1996.  The ACLU believes
that the FCC
should not hastily embrace or extend plans to incorporate
V-chip technology
in emerging technologies. The FCC can and must
exercise its discretion and
consider alternatives such as media
literacy, promotion of educational
programming and episode reviews. We
believe that there are alternatives that
would not offend core First
Amendment values and accomplish the same
purpose.  In the final
analysis, violence and sex are dramatic, consistent
themes in human life
and history, and like other controversial subjects,
need to be
confronted and discussed rather than suppressed, whether through
censorship laws or through more indirect, convoluted
ratings and information blocking systems.
Barry Steinhardt
Associate Director
A. Cassidy
William J. Brennan Fellow of the ACLU

@_date: 1997-10-02 10:58:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Request for illegal electronic surveillance examples and cases 
So I'm putting together a special report featuring examples of illegal
wiretapping by governments -- to show why we shouldn't trust them with
mandatory domestic key escrow. Also illegal electronic surveillance,
generally speaking. Especially more recent ones. Maybe non-U.S. examples
Any suggestions? I'm thinking things like: MLKjr, Mrs. Roosevelt, _Irvine_,
_Socialist Workers Party_, Dewey-FBI alliance, mail opening, Emma Goldman,
Brownell's blanket microphone surveillance, _Katz_, _Alderman_, CISPES.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-03 02:48:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Request for illegal electronic surveillance examples and cases 
Thanks, all, for the suggestions. Unfortunately my time is limited: my
deadline is tonight. I'm working on a roundup of pre-reported
cases, not reporting out new ones. (at least for this project)
My best source so far is the 1976 Church Committee documents. Gentry's bio
of J. Edgar Hoover is a good one too. Burnham lent me a copy of his "Above
the Law" book about the DoJ which I haven't finished yet. Haven't read
Puzzle Palace in a while, probably don't have time to reread that.

@_date: 1997-10-03 03:46:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Request for illegal electronic surveillance examples and cases 
Heh. I've never actually published anything in Time Digital. The one piece
I worked on for them was a full-page interview with Crypto-czar David
Aaron that was supposed to happen when he was in town in January. But he blew me and the photographer off and left town without being
I learned much later that he always hated the term "crypto-czar," which I
(and my co-authors) coined in an article we wrote a year ago breaking the
news on his appointment. Maybe that's why he ducked out.

@_date: 1997-10-03 03:49:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA protects against liability 
Remember that the CDA "protects against liability" since the online
services cut a deal during the legislative process.
In other words AOL & co lobbied to have provisions inserted to get them off
the hook, even though individual users would still be screwed when the act
became law.
Another case of corporations selling out civil liberties.

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:12:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA protects against liability 
There have been a bunch of other cases involving the deal-cutting portion
of the CDA. I believe the Drudge lawsuit complaint refers to them. If not,
AOL's response to the complaint certainly will.

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:51:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-continuation in Washington: FBI/DoJ keep up the pressure 
Crypto is hot in Washington. Don't think the battle's over; it's just
* This afternoon when the Senate Intelligence committee met to consider a
new CIA deputy director, Sen. Bob Kerrey said "there's a real urgency" to
get an encryption bill passed. (Presumably, that would be his bill, the
"Key Escrow Infrastructure" McCain-Kerrey/S.909.) Anyone still think that
the Senate will do the right thing on crypto? Think again...
* Last week Janet Reno talked at her weekly press conference about
balancing law enforcement rights with privacy rights -- through mandatory
domestic key escrow.
* Yesterday Louis Freeh spoke at length before the House International
Relations committee about the spread of nuclear weapons... and reminded
committee members about the problems the FBI has with nonescrowed crypto...
* Sen. Jon "Mandatory Domestic Key Escrow" Kyl said on Sunday that the
Clinton administration's export controls on crypto were *not tight
More info:
    SEN. KERREY:  I hope no doubt that you've heard of and perhaps had the
opportunity to read the recommendations made by Senators Helms and
Moynihan, but I think they're excellent.  It's an excellent examination of,
first, the need in some instances to classify, as well as the need to
examine that classification system.
imperative that, on the issue of encryption, that the president exert some
authority and try to pull together the congressional leaders and say, "We
need a secure public network."  There's counter-intelligence concerns.
There's national security issues here at stake, obviously, balanced against
the concerns for civil liberties and the concern for commercial interests
and the need to develop.
and the Senate, in half a dozen committees or eight or nine committees, or
Lord knows how many altogether, more than I realized existed.  And I think
there's a real urgency to get something passed both for the private sector,
so they can have some stability, but also on the public-sector side, so we
can protect the nation's interests.
encryption issue.  I certainly take your point on this point.  But I do
know that if the Senate does confirm me that that will be squarely on my
Constantine both have complained that U.S.-made encryption devices are
giving the drug cartels an advantage whereby interdiction becomes impaired.
Would you favor, as Mr. Freeh does, some kind of giving of the keys to
these devices to the FBI and DEA?
keys to the FBI and to the DEA.
have today - if someone is going to tap a phone, they don't just go in and
tap the phone, if they're going to do it legally.  What law enforcement
does is it develops probable cause to believe that the telephone is being
used to commit a crime and that to overhear would provide evidence of a
crime.  That is submitted to a judge, both in federal court and in many
states courts where wiretapping is authorized.  The judge reviews the
sufficiency of the affidavits in support of the petition and enters an
order directing the telephone company to provide that opportunity.
respect to encrypted products; so that the court would direct that the key
be provided to the telecommunications system, or the other system, in order
to decrypt the encoded message.
recognize that there are two important interests at stake here. One is the
law enforcement interest, which is so vital with respect to terrorists,
with respect to being able to decrypt the drug dealer's computer when I - I
can get a search warrant now and seize his black book and I can read his
black book or decipher what he's talking about.  But if he can encrypt the
information on his computer, that will be a significant obstacle to law
telecommunication is to provide for the privacy interest, of commercial
interest of the average citizen.  And so I think it's important that we
work together to ensure the law enforcement capacity and ensure that the
present capacity to get court-ordered authorities for surveillance are
continued and are made real, while at the same time ensuring privacy.
responsibility?  Do they have the capability of encrypting?
a system whereby a key would be provided through third parties or
otherwise.  But this is something that we need to work together on to
ensure that law enforcement interests are protected and that privacy
interests are protected as well.
fight international crime and terrorism, what do you need, as an agency
director and for your agency, in terms of specifics to wage a fight that
you can win?
need it on three levels.  We need the permanent and minimal FBI presence
overseas to develop the kinds of relationships that Dr. de Gennaro and I
have had now for 18 years.
of 1996, a plan to expand the FBI's Ligat (sp) program from approximately
23 to 43 Ligats.  That would call for, by the end of 1999, 146 special
agents in 42 different countries with 116 support employees.  That's a
total of 262 people.  As I mentioned, the plan was submitted last year.  It
wasn't just an FBI plan.  It was jointly submitted by the State Department
and the attorney general.  And we've asked for funding in the 1998 and 1999
budgets to reach that level.
mentioned, we've been able to train thousands of police officers around the
world.  The benefit of that training is two-fold.  First of all, we can
give them what they need most of all, which are the basic tools to conduct
their own investigations.
de Gennaro described it, the cop-to-cop contacts and relationships.  So an
FBI agent or a DEA agent can pick up the phone and speak to a police
commander in Uzbekistan or Kazakhstan, if that's the place where we need to
do our work.  So the training is a very important part of the whole program.
work.  We have to be able to communicate rapidly and securely.  We have to
deal with encryption.  We have to deal with cyber-crime.  And those are all
part of a larger technological challenge which we're trying to meet.
riveting, actually.  One of the briefing papers we have indicates that the
American public, in a recent poll, whatever you want to take polls worth,
say that 70 percent of the American people who were surveyed found it
likely that the United States could be attacked by terrorist groups within
the next decade using smuggled nuclear devices.  If you were asked that,
what category would you be in?
occupy our highest priority.  I think we've seen attacks certainly in
Oklahoma, in New York City.  We know that many of the state sponsors of
terror, including Iran, are rapidly and very aggressively acquiring nuclear
technology, both in terms of warheads and launching devices. We know that
many of the state sponsors of terrorism, particularly Iran, sponsor and
fund and control Hezbollah groups, including groups which have connections
and operations in the United States.
form, clearly suggest that if a terrorist is willing to use a truck bomb to
blow up a building with thousands of people at risk, the accomplishment of
the particular objective would not be changed or influenced by the
opportunity to use a much more devastating (nuclear?) or biological or
chemical agent.
we have to take drastic steps to try to prevent and detect that.
[This thanks to John Young. --Declan]
  Remarks by Senator Jon Kyl at the First International Conservative
                      Congress--September 28, 1997
     The Clinton Administration pursues a foreign policy without
     clear goals or the will to act decisively and is squandering
     the national security means left to it by a dozen years of
     Republican presidency. It emphasizes hope over reality and
     reliance on arms control agreements like the Comprehensive
     Test Ban Treaty (CTBT), the Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM)
     Treaty, and the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) over a
     stronger defense. And political benefit over national
     security, as in its decisions to cave in to the concerns of
     some in industry in irresponsibly relaxing export controls on
     key items like encryption technology and supercomputers.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-04 02:05:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Netly News special report: "The Privacy Snatchers" 
Recently the FBI has started to demand a creepy new anti-privacy
law. It requires that all future technologies -- from cell
phones to WordPerfect -- include a kind of electronic peephole
to let law enforcement agents snoop through your private files
and communications without your knowledge or permission. One
House committee has already approved the FBI's bill.
Such easy access is the fantasy of every unethical policeman and
corrupt bureaucrat. Now, the police say they'll never peek
through this peephole without a judge's approval. But history
reveals that time and again, the FBI, the military and other law
enforcement organizations have ignored the law and spied on
Americans illegally, without court authorization. Government
agencies have subjected hundreds of thousands of law-abiding
Americans to unjust surveillance, illegal wiretaps and
warrantless searches. Eleanor Roosevelt, Martin Luther King,
feminists, gay rights leaders and Catholic priests were spied on.
Even Supreme Court justices were monitored. Can we trust the FBI?
Visit the Netly News for a special report on The Privacy Snatchers:
  The Netly News (
October 3, 1997
The Privacy Snatchers
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-04 04:03:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anne Wells Branscomb and other information 
Anne Wells Branscomb has died. She was 68. A longtime communications and
computer lawyer, she significantly shaped the world of information and
Net-policy. (I met her once, at a Computers Freedom and Privacy
conference.) Her short biography is at: On a different note, congratulations to:
* Solveig Singleton, the new director of information studies at the Cato
* Bruce Schneier and EPIC's Dave Banisar, for their book released last
month, "The Electronic Privacy Papers."
* EPIC's Marc Rotenberg and Phil Agre, for their book released this month:
Technology and Privacy: The New Landscape, edited by Philip E. Agre and
Marc Rotenberg (Cambridge: MIT Press, 1997).
* Bob Palacios, former webmaster for the Center for Democracy and
Technology, who's moving on to a new job at a Rockville, MD software
company. (I understand CDT needs a new webmaster.)
Also, I hear the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a free-market thinktank
in Washington, DC, is looking for a full-time analyst to do Internet policy
work for them. Stuff like privacy, Net-regulation, free speech. Email me
for contact info.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-04 05:05:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Note to cypherpunks in Chile 
Next week I'll be speaking at REUNA-InternetWorld'97 in Santiago, Chile,
staying at the Hotel Plaza San Francisco. I'd love to meet anyone who wants
an update on U.S. Net-politics (or vice versa).
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-07 03:25:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Fear and loathing of cyberspace not uncommon" 
[I just got back from Fox News, where I was on with someone from the
Chicago Bar and Donna Rice-Hughes (yes, that Donna Rice). Rice-Hughes, now
an anti-porn activist at Enough is Enough, did her part to promote fear and
loathing of cyberspace. "Chatrooms are a pedophile's playground. Kids are
falling through the cracks." She called for more obscenity prosecutions
online, but told me afterwards she didn't endorse labelling schemes like
RSACi. --Declan]
By DONALD M. ROTHBERG
Associated Press Writer
computers run the world. But all this technological progress comes at a
price, a new problem psychologists call computer phobia.
home. For many people computers are wondrous machines offering access to a
vast world of knowledge.
key stroke with this brusque message: "You have performed an illegal
operation. This computer will shut down."
machine. Often when the computer malfunctions, the first reaction is, "What
have I done wrong?"
most than in the federal government. The government has millions of
computers. Literally.
and information, said there are people "who resist and people who are
intimidated" by the increasingly technological focus of their jobs.
have to find a reason for people to get over it."
president did not spend a lot of time doing personal e-mail until his
daughter went to college," he said.
computers," said Carol Goldberg, a clinical psychologist who conducts
workshops to help corporations deal with technological stress.
co-author of the book, "TechnoStress: Coping with Stress at Work, at Home,
at Play," said about 15 percent of people love technology and up to 25
percent of the rest are what she called "resisters."
efficiency and higher workers comp claims," she said.
absenteeism as technology grows?
information officer at the General Services Administration, the government
property agency.
said. "Going into that we knew there were going to be people, even people
who used computers a bit, who were going to be intimidated by the
Internet," he said.
David Barram urged those who were experienced in using the Internet to
"become five-minute tutors" for those intimidated by the technology.
over computer phobia is just a matter of incentive.
worse. We wondered that as technology got more commonplace in society
wouldn't people just get used to it.
sense than the technology did 15 years ago."
indication that people are overcoming computer phobia is in one huge
number. "This year 2.7 trillion e-mail are going to be sent around the
world," he said.
Donald M. Rothberg has covered the federal government for The Associated
Press in Washington since 1966.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-11 00:05:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Globalization of Chile, from The Netly News (fwd) 
The Netly News Network (
October 10, 1997
The Globalization of Chile
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        The wires are clogged again in Chile, a country with no shortage
   of Net-enthusiasm but little way to express it. Bandwidth is so
   limited in this remote country, which stretches almost to Antarctica,
   that local netizens wake up early or stay up late to log in (this
   report had to be filed via fax). Chile's connections to the outside
   world total about 9 Mb/sec, the same size pipe that a small U.S.
   Internet provider uses to connect to the Net.
        Chileans intend to change this. By next summer, fiber optic
   cables will gird the country on the east and west, snaking south from
   Brazil and Peru. The country's connectivity will jump to 200 times its
   current bandwidth.
        Even now, though, there's plenty of excitement about the Net in
   the capital, Santiago. Apple Chile, H.P. and the Cafe Internet
   Cybercenter line the Avenue Andres Bello. The REUNA Internet World
   Conference, which ends today, attracted hundreds of local businessmen.
   Companies such as Business News Americas email (for a fee) daily
   economic reports from Chile to American investors and analysts.
        But even if younger Chileans are cyber-savvy, the country remains
   staunchly conservative. Nearly 90 percent of Chileans are Roman
   Catholic (it was once the state religion) and Chile remains the only
   Western country where both divorce and abortion are illegal.
   Geography, too, has an effect. The South American country is ringed by
   deserts to the north, the Pacific Ocean to the west and the lofty
   Andes mountains to the east.

@_date: 1997-10-17 02:59:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anthrax Bombs 
Buenos dias, folks. Just got back from Chile...
I'm sitting here in my office between 17th and 18th streets just north of
the White House (which is at 16th and Pennsylvania) trying to calculate
blast radius. I suspect that if I'm in my office, I _could_ survive the
radiation -- if Tim's figures are correct.
It would help, of course, if anyone bombing the White House would do it
from the _Mall_ side of the building (the south side) rather than the north
side, which would be about four blocks closer to me.
But I'm more worried about the shock wave and firestorm that would follow
such a blast. I'm on the eighth floor of a large office building. I figure
I don't stand much of a chance.
It might kill or harm more people, but it doesn't have the viceral,
psychological impact of a nuke. Let's hope the terrorists stay away from
biowar. At least until I move to West Virginia.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-17 03:37:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: America as a Shake Down Extortion State 
Certainly I trust the courts at least a little more than I do the
legislature. The current Supreme Court, for example in the _McIntyre_ case
and the CDA, has been quite good on traditional free speech cases.
But courts are much more deferential to the government on national security
issues, even trumped-up ones. While the right to speak privately is (I
believe) an important free speech issue, traditional jurists may be
reluctant to agree.
In other words: don't rely on the current Supreme Court to overturn a
mandatory-GAK law, especially if it has holes cut out of the escrow fabric
for corporations, etc.

@_date: 1997-10-17 04:33:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: pro-crypto govt. people 
Andrew Grosso is the former prosecutor. I've also been chatting with Bruce
"I wrote the CDA" Taylor to see what his views are, but I suspect he'll
fall into line with his pals at the DoJ. Last week after a TV show I was
telling Donna Rice-Hughes about how crypto can protect against stalkers,
but I don't know if she understood my argument.
Others will be able to suggest many more people, I'm sure. I'm still
frazzled from my trip. Yesterday I was wandering around Chile's socialist
museum; the day before I was climbing an active volcano in the south.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-17 04:39:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI allowed to keep file on New York man's lawful activities 
FBI allowed to keep file on New York man's lawful activities
By LAURIE ASSEO
Associated Press Writer
to purge its file on lawful activities by the former head of a charitable
FBI is violating a federal privacy law by keeping a file about the man's
years-ago meetings with foreign leaders and political dissidents.
Chicago-based J. Roderick MacArthur Foundation from 1984 to 1994. The
foundation supports civil liberties activities, and Lindblom's duties
included meeting with foreign leaders and political dissidents.
the bureau kept records that described his meetings with such people.
District of Columbia, saying the 1974 federal Privacy Act required the
bureau to purge those files.
describing how people exercise their rights under the Constitution's First
Amendment, including rights of free speech and association.
is authorized by another law or "within the scope of an authorized law
enforcement activity."
for legitimate law enforcement purposes. The investigations were not aimed
at Lindblom or the foundation, but were aimed at the people with whom they
met, the judge said.
keep records they lawfully collected, the appeals court said, adding that
a requirement to purge old files would be too burdensome.
must separately justify the need to keep old records, even if they
originally were lawfully collected.
illegally, his lawyers said, noting the 1996 controversy after it was
found that the FBI files of 700 former White House employees had been sent
to the White House.
would cause problems if the information later was needed for a new or
reopened investigation.

@_date: 1997-10-17 06:40:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: FBI is allowed to keep file on civil rights leader (fwd) 
Classic error for a news report on the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court denied cert. Lance Lindblom v. FBI, 97-82,
Oct. 14, 1997.  It did not rule on the merits of the case.
The Court did not order the FBI to purge the files. It did
not tell the FBI to buy Mr. Lindblom a cup of coffee. It
simply decided not to review the decision of the lower
Welcome back.

@_date: 1997-10-21 00:53:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Beehive in their Bonnet, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
October 20, 1997
A Beehive in Their Bonnet
by Declan McCullagh  (declan at well.com)
        Honey may attract flies, but this discussion about its
        But the Texas bureaucrats have a problem: The law

@_date: 1997-10-21 06:54:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato Institute briefing paper on domain names 
INTERNET DOMAIN NAMES
Privatization, Competition, and Freedom of Expression
by Milton L. Mueller
Milton L. Mueller, an associate professor at the
Syracuse University School of Information Studies, is
the author of many scholarly works on
telecommunications policy.
Executive Summary
There is growing confusion over the administration of
Internet top-level domain names (TLDs), the system of
suffixes, such as .com, .org, and .edu, that
determines a person's e-mail or Web site address on
the Internet.
We need to define rules and procedures that will
permit and encourage competition among administrators
of TLDs in response to market demand. Freedom of
expression should be a primary concern. Proposals for
compulsory national TLDs should be rejected. National
TLDs would undermine the international character of
the Internet and encourage national governments to
enact myriad petty regulations and restrictions on
free speech. Domain names should not be equated with
trademarks or brand names. We should reject attempts
to forge inappropriate links between domain name
registration and trademark protection.
The U.S. government should encourage the development
of property rights and competition by moving the
administration of Internet domain names into the
private sector.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-22 05:33:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bill Gates, the Bully Savior, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
October 21, 1997
Bill Gates, the Bully Savior
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     When the Justice Department yesterday accused
Microsoft of using its operating system near-monopoly
to violate the law, the government did more than
attack the world's largest software company. It also
handed Microsoft's chief competitor, Netscape, a major
business -- and political -- victory.
     Netscape has long been urging the Clinton
administration to rein in Bill Gates. For years its
lobbyists have bent the ears of powerful Washington
policymakers. And, unlike many other Silicon Valley
chiefs, Netscape's Jim Barksdale -- a veteran of such
highly regulated companies as Federal Express and
McCaw Cellular -- appears to truly understand how
Washington works. So was Janet Reno motivated by
politics, or law?
     "Fundamentally, I think it's a legal issue," says
Ed Black, president of the Computer and Communications
Industry Association. "But to say whenever the
wealthiest man in America and one of the most powerful
companies in America is challenged by a cabinet
official, you can't say there's no political impact.
You're in a political world at that level."
     When asked to name the most pressing issues
Netscape faces in Washington, company lobbyists rattle
off a long list of topics from encryption to copyright
and education. But antitrust has always topped the
list. This, after all, is the company's primary policy
goal: to stop what it considers to be Microsoft's
predatory practices. "This is not a Netscape-Microsoft
issue," says Netscape's public policy counsel Peter
Harter. "This is not a browser war. This is about
obeying the law."
     Perhaps. But clearly Netscape has been
complaining to the government about Internet Explorer
since the Microsoft browser first hit the Net.
Naturally, the company cheered Janet Reno's suggestion
that Microsoft be punished with a fine of up to $1
million a day. "We're very supportive of the actions
the Department of Justice has taken," Roberta Katz,
Netscape's chief counsel, told the Netly News last
night. "This lawsuit is about preserving competition
as we move to the era of digital commerce."
     It is, of course, also an efficient way for
Netscape to protect its commanding share of the
browser market. "Bill Gates is a successful rival who
makes it difficult for others to do business. Rather
than compete against him head to head in the market,
competitors turn to antitrust laws," says Don
Boudreaux, a professor of law and economics at Clemson
University. "What people at Netscape probably don't
like is the fact that Internet Explorer is a good
     Netscape has slowly been emerging as the grand
marshal in the Everyone But Microsoft parade. Last
year Netscape hired the heavyweight Silicon Valley law
firm of Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati, whose
partner Gary Reback is a veteran anti-Microsoft
campaigner. In November 1994 Reback prepared -- after
a request from the Department of Justice, which was
investigating Microsoft -- a 100-page white paper on
behalf of three anonymous high tech clients. The
theme: Microsoft's apparent anticompetitive behavior.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-22 22:27:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Singapore TOILET ALERT 
[Apologies to my friends in Singapore, but I am NOT making this up. --Declan]
 And the top five toilets are...
     SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A drive to keep public toilets clean
and dry is meeting with overwhelming success, the Ministry of
Environment said in a "toilet alert" Tuesday.
     The statement said that in the first week "5,000
Singaporans have called the Clean Public Toilets hotline to
identify Singapore's model toilets and to vote for their top
five favorite toilets."
     The ministry launched a poster competition earlier in the
month featuring three model toilets and inviting the public to
identify their locations, as well as to nominate their favorite
public toilets in five categories of locations.
     Various prizes are involved, including a return trip to Hong
Kong to be won in a draw.
     Singapore is known for public campaigns promoting causes
ranging from discouraging littering to encouraging people to
have more children.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-23 00:31:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: puff pieces vs tough crypto issues (Re: Singapore TOILETALERT) 
Sometimes it's useful to inject a bit of humor in every serious discussion.
The relevance? Another example of Singapore's loony politics. Strict social
controls and relative economic freedom. I find it fascinating in light of
Net-filtering and other attempts at restricting information flow; if you
don't, well, you can always delete it. :)
As for CMR... I was travelling when the discussion started on cypherpunks
so I haven't been following it very closely.
My position is something along these lines: corporations have a right to go
down the CMR path; it is unwise to restrict them through the coercive power
of the state. At the same time, we need to speak out against crypto-foolish
practices. If corporations start building CMR products, the political
consequences could be devestating. It's like building a gallows for your
own hanging.
key recovery can be done. So far the crypto-advocates have been able to
wave around the Blaze et al white paper that says we don't know how to do
it. Even Dorothy Denning agreed. But now when a mandatory GAK bill goes to
the House floor, all Rep. Solomon etc. have to do is wave around a
shrinkwrapped copy of PGP and say: "I bought this for $19 at the Egghead
shop at 21st and L." Details will be lost in the fearmongering.
I suspect that there's not that substantial a market for CMR. The apparent
market demand now is an artificial one created by the Clinton

@_date: 1997-10-23 02:21:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bill Gates, the Bully Savior 
There was a good op-ed in the WSJ on Monday. The Politics of Envy,
basically. Why everyone in Silicon Valley hates Microsoft...
But some of the complaints about Microsoft come down to personal taste. The
masses offend refined sensibilities when they buy Windows 95 in droves.
Rein them in! Stop them from buying what they want! Don't let them get free
copies of Internet Explorer.
I share Lizard's distaste for Microsoft products. My Unix workstation at
home has not one MSFT application on it. I have only Microsoft Word on my
Duo at work, and I could get by with WordPerfect. But our dislike for their
products doesn't mean that we are morally justified in restricting what the
company can do.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-23 02:41:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: puff pieces vs tough crypto issues (Re: Singapore TOILET  ALERT) 
Of course TIS has been doing this forever. But TIS, a shop staffed by
former NSA spooks, is not the PGP that Phil Zimmermann founded. For PGP to
release such a product changes the political dynamic in important ways.
In fact it said: "Building the secure infrastructure of the breathtaking
scale and complexity that would be required for such a scheme is beyond the
experience and current competency of the field." Sounds like "can't be
built" to me.
I agree that PGP 5.5 doesn't meet the FBI's demand for realtime access. But
it can be used as a waving-around-on-the-House-floor prop to pass a law
that requires mandatory key escrow.

@_date: 1997-10-23 04:25:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Unlocking crypto-secrets Wired article -- request for help 
I'm working on a Netizen article for Wired Magazine on secret
crypto-briefings and thought I'd ask the list for help.
You know the briefings I'm talking about -- classified sessions where the
FBI director, the Commerce Dept, NSA, and occasionally anti-drug officials
pressure Congressmen to place restrictions on encryption. Sometimes it
works, and our elected representatives vote to put strict limits on
encryption technologies. (The secret briefings certainly seemed to work on
the House Commerce committee.)
I'd like to unlock those closed doors. If anyone has insights into what
happens during these sessions, I'd be very interested in learning more.
Pointers to open sources would be great. I will keep your identity
I'd also be interested in learning more about the secret briefing practices
of other countries.
Please feel free to recirculate this message. I've attached my PGP key
below. Please use it sparingly; I keep my private key on a non-networked
machine and it's laborious to move data back and forth. If you want to send
a tip through an anonymous remailer, a web-based one is at:
  PGP Key fingerprint =  F4 0A 36 1F 7F B1 4B CB
                       5C 38 2C 13 FE 1E 4D 80
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-10-23 06:33:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Federal Key Recovery Demonstration Project ?! 
Yep, I'm planning to go. Should be amusing if nothing else. --Declan

@_date: 1997-10-23 06:49:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
Spencer, the folks on the cypherpunks list know better than perhaps anyone
else that encryption is a complicated topic.
I know it's tempting to search for New Things to Say about the crypto
debate. I try it myself sometimes. But the question you posed about "whose
backdoor should netizens be more worried about" has been debated for years
and is hardly new.
The short answer to it is: when Big Brother is my Boss, I have remedies. I
can leave the company or pressure it to change policies. I can file a union
grievance. If all else fails, I can leave the company and start my own.
This is not the case when Big Brother is Louis Freeh or Janet Reno. When
worldwide GAK is the rule, where else can I go?
Also: governments have guns; governments have jails. They have unique
coercive powers, which the law and western philosophical traditions
recognize -- and try to limit.
(posting this before a soccer game somewhere in virginia)

@_date: 1997-10-23 12:27:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Trip to SF/Bay Area around November 24, cypherpunk meeting? 
I'm thinking of spending a few days in the Bay Area in about a month, maybe
the week of Thanksgiving. My S.O., a cypherpunkish Net and
telecommunications lawyer here in DC, seems likely to join me.
I'd love to come to a Bay Area cypherpunk meeting if there are any then,
and spend some time with folks out there. Any plans to have one around Nov
This is more of a pleasure than a business trip, though I'll write an
article if there are any interesting developments on the crypto-front. (Any
suggestions on places to stay?)

@_date: 1997-10-23 13:03:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DC cypherpunks party on Sunday, November 2 
A DC cypherpunk working meeting and party is tentatively scheduled for
Sunday, November 2. The party is open to all, including non-cypherpunks and
even (especially?) NSA spooks. (I somehow got suckered into organizing this
Folks who showed up to my party and the cypherpunk meeting before it last
month remember that Marc Rotenberg and his wife at that time volunteered to
host the next one. Their home is near the National Cathedral in NW
Washington, DC. About a 20 minute walk from the Woodley Park Metro, lots of
Special guests likely will include Peter Neumann and Simon Davies.
Details forthcoming.

@_date: 1997-10-24 12:27:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: US Senator Lott Criticizes FBI Crypto Plans (fwd) 
To be sure, Lott is one of the good guys on crypto. (So far, at least.) But:
Remember, the folks not in Freeh's pockets are in the pockets of the
telephone companies or some other rich lobby group. When legislation is at
stake, the needs of industry only occasionally coincide with civil

@_date: 1997-10-25 09:25:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NAMBLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
Folks on f-c and cypherpunks have mirrored holocaust revisionist web
pages, banned books, and censored newspapers. Now I understand that NAMBLA
is in danger of losing its home on the web. Anyone up for mirroring the
(text-only)  publications of perhaps the world's most controversial

@_date: 1997-10-25 11:55:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Office of the Secretary of Defense vs the First Amendment 
(814) 676-2345
re:   Office of the Secretary of Defense
                       vs
      The First Amendment
Attn: Seema Singh
Dear Senator Arlen Spector:
I am in receipt of correspondence from the Office of the Secretary of
Defense, dated October 7, 1997. (Copy attached) They appear to be
asking me to stop quoting certain parts of the U.S. Congressional
Obviously, citizens of the United States have a First Amendment right,
if not an obligation, to express their opinions on matters relating to
the operation of the Government. The DoD, it would appear, is
requesting that I not express my opinions, when such expressions
include certain portions of the Congressional Record, or that I
"excise" my commentary to help cover up their mis-deads. Does the
First Amendment give me the right to express my views, or to express
my views only in accordance with the desires of the DoD?
I can understand the concern and embarassment the DoD may feel by my
highlighting certain portions of the Congressional Record and taking
issue with them. However, I would think that for any government
accountibility to take place, such commentaries are not only proper,
but also a necessity. The First Amendment clearly setsforth my right
to take issue with governmental polices and actions. I do not think it
is within the proper bounds of the DoD to suggest how I may express
myself, or what words might be appropriate or inappropriate to use in
such expressions.
If I were to read between the lines, I would conclude that the DoD is
attempting to place the burden of their improper activities upon my
shoulders. That is, if I stop reprinting the Congressional Record; no
one will understand the problem and it will go away! Completely
disregarding the public nature and purpose of the Congressional
Record. For if I cannot freely quote from the Congressional Record,
why has the Library of Congress moved to increase public availablity
and access to it: "Acting under the directive of the leadership of the
104th Congress to make Federal legislative information freely
available to the Internet public, a Library of Congress team brought
the THOMAS World Wide Web system online in January 1995, at the
inception of the 104th Congress."
There are a number of possible ways that the DoD might seek to resolve
the underlying problems of which I have brought attention to on my web
pages, radio broadcasts and publications. I fail to understand how
adjusting my commentary to meet the desires of the DoD will correct a
stupid mistake they made years ago, and continued for years.
Eliminating the attention will serve only to cover up and avoid any
resolution of the problem.
I request your assistance in supporting my First Amendment rights.
(any typeos in the following are mine)
Office of the Secretary of Defense
1950 Defense Pentagon
Washington DC 202301-1950
& Management
Octover 7, 1997
Mr. Glen L. Roberts
P.O. Box 1533
Oil City, PA 16301
Dear Mr. Roberts:
This Department has taken the position in a wide variety of contexts
that disclosure of the social security number constitutes a clearly
unwarranted invasion of an individual's personal privacy. Therefore,
the Department is as concerned as you are regarding the public
availablity of the SSN and strongly believes that the general public
should not have access to such numbers.
As you have said, teh Department no longer provides the full social
security number to Congress because we recognized and correct what was
then a problem. Unfortunately, the numbers currently exact in print
and at public websites. But this fact does not mean that we should not
minimize, when possible, the proliferation of such lists. Although
your apparent goal to obtain greater privacy protection for the
individual is certainly laudable, publishing consolidated listings on
your website perpetrates and exaverbates the very problem you are
attemping to address. Put differently, such publications disregards
the very privacy interests you are seeking to protect. Though the
lists are available elsewhere, you are making it much simpler to find
them because the other sites are not always easy to locate.
Therefore, consideration should be given to the deletion of the lists,
or in the alternative, excision of the SSN, from your webpage. Either
action on your part will demonstrate, not only by word, but by deed, a
sensitivity that others have ignored, in that, you have elected to
pursure an approach where your advocacy requirements have been
balanced against the privacy interests of the individual.
Aurello Nepa, Jr.
Defense Privacy Office

@_date: 1997-10-26 01:18:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TIME and time again 
At 22:33 -0600 10/24/97, TruthMonger wrote, quoting Ginsberg:
TruthMonger's post is sorta funny, actually. But I wouldn't say that about
Time (at least now -- I don't know what the organization was like
internally before I joined). I've been at Time one year. The people I work
with in the bureau are top-notch reporters.
And for a change one of my articles actually seems to be staying in and not
getting cut for Diana updates -- at least not yet...

@_date: 1997-10-28 02:34:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FCC proposes V-Chip for computers, from Time/Netly News 
THE V CHIP, COMING TO A COMPUTER NEAR YOU
Time Magazine
November 3, 1997
Page 36
If you hated the idea of a V chip in your television,
wait until you hear that the government wants to
install one in your computer. TIME has learned that
the FCC has proposed that new PCs be outfitted with a
V chip to filter out video violence and sex. Still
unclear is what Net broadcasts could be affected. The
idea alarms free-speech advocates, who wonder why
Americans need a Net-nanny. "What you get is a
devolution of the First Amendment," argues lawyer Bob
Corn-Revere. FCC chairman REED HUNDT says the
high-tech industry can "be part of the process" as the
agency sets rules. There's a low-tech alternative: the
off switch.
--By Declan McCullagh/Washington
For details check out the Netly News (netlynews.com) at:

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:27:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: key recovery meeting/demonstration in DC, 11/5 
It could be possible. The hotel sprawls just enough. If anyone (I know, or
know of) from out of town is coming to the conference, you can stay with me

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:46:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: key recovery meeting/demonstration in DC, 11/5 
Just spoke to the folks setting it up at (202) 986-0200. They're accepting
registrations up until the day of the conference. Breakfast speaker likely
to be Sen. Bob Kerrey. Luncheon speakers may be an IBM VP or Magaziner.

@_date: 1997-10-29 00:34:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Search warrants and Senate hearing on medical privacy 
I'm sitting in a Senate hearing room right now; the topic is medical
privacy. Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont), an occasional friend of civil
liberties, is speaking: "How is our right of privacy, one of our most
cherised freedoms, going to be protected?"
Well, senator, perhaps the best way of protecting our privacy is to ensure
that law enforcement officials need a search warrant before browsing
through your medical files. Right now police do not need to go before a
judge to get your records from your hospital or doctor's office; often
"informal arrangements" exist. If a doctor or hospital wants to promise to
"protect your privacy," they can't.
Yesterday a senior Justice Department official told journalists (in a
background briefing at Main Justice) that requiring police to obtain a
search warrant could derail counter-terrorism efforts. "Imposing a probable
cause standard is something we would vehemently object to," he said. Which
explains why he doesn't vehemently object to the legislation this committee
is considering. The versions of the "medical privacy" bills I'm familiar
with don't include such strict safeguards. We require the FBI to obtain a
search warrant to enter your house or office: why shouldn't we require the
same for medical files?
At yesterday's briefing some of us asked what safeguards are in place to
prevent dragnet fishing by police. For instance, what if agents access a
1,000,000-person database during a medical fraud case and stumble across
someone who's being treated for illegal drugs? Can they prosecute that
person for drug crimes? Yes, they're allowed to but they probably won't. "I
don't see that as being a realistic issue," the Justice Department official

@_date: 1997-10-29 05:58:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Search warrants and Senate hearing on medical privacy 
If you're going to respond to Tim's post, you should copy him or
cypherpunks... I've attached your whole message below...
I will respond to one point, though:
We haven't tried that approach yet, at least in the late 20th century. The
wealth of federal regulation and involvement in health care is
breathtaking. Ever since after WWII when for tax reasons businesses began
bundling insurance and the rise of medicare/medicaid, well, the "free
market" in healthcare has become much less robust. (Fortunately Clinton's
socialistic health care plan was derailed.)
In other words, the reason a "free market" approach may not work right now
is because the market isn't free.

@_date: 1997-10-30 07:07:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-update: Magaziner on Clinton, Senate on crypto-czar 
[Reminder: There //is// a DC cypherpunks meeting this Sunday afternoon!
Email me for details if you don't have 'em yet. --Declan]
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Ira Magaziner, Clinton's Net-advisor, spoke today at the District of
Columbia Bar Association, Computer and Telecommunications Law section
conference. A brief report, as told to me by someone who was there:
Also, a Senate committee today approved the nomination of David
"Crypto-Ambassador" Aaron to be Under Secretary of Commerce for
International Trade. Aaron has been for the last year trying to export the
FBI's crypto-proposals for mandatory Big Brother cryptoware. (And
unconfirmed reports say he's been getting into fights not just inside the
OECD in Paris, but outside: apparently he's tussled with Parisian cabbies
more than once...) Aaron's nomination now goes to the full Senate; no vote
has been scheduled yet.

@_date: 1997-10-31 03:21:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Censorware Summit, Clinton to speak, Dec 1-3 [resent] 
Check out   -- it's a hoot. Praises the CDA as a
"well-intentioned effort to protect children." Grew out of the White
House's kickoff Censorware Summit in July; Clinton is expected to speak at
this one. Scheduled for Dec 1-3 here in DC. Chaired by former Clinton
campaign official and former FTC "protect the children" Commissioner
Christine Varney. (This is not to criticize Varney; I rather like her
personally, but politically, well...)
The Censorware Summit is organized largely by industy groups -- America
Online initially took the lead role -- and sympathetic advocacy groups.
Donna Rice-Hughes (yes that Donna Rice) is heavily involved, as operations
co-chair or something (I forget her real title). Sydney Rubin
(syd at kidsonline.org), a public relations rep for CyberPatrol, is handling
media registration. The Center for Democracy and Technology, which runs the
pro-censorware netparents.org site, is hosting the kidsonline.org site.
Following is a quote from the web site. Note it talks about how we need
stricter enforcement of obscenity laws -- one of the worst ideas I've heard
in a while. Remember Robert Thomas -- why should S.F. or NYC be subject to
the "community standards" of Tennessee? *sigh*
Fortunately there's a coalition forming to oppose this. That is,
emphasizing the free speech implications of rating and filtering proposals.
I understand details will be made public soon. As I said:

@_date: 1997-10-31 03:45:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Censorware Summit, Clinton to speak, Dec 1-3 
Check out   -- it's a hoot. Praises the CDA as a
"well-intentioned effort to protect children." Grew out of the White
House's kickoff Censorware Summit in July; Clinton is expected to speak at
this one. Scheduled for Dec 1-3 here in DC. Chaired by former Clinton
campaign official and former FTC "protect the children" Commissioner
Christine Varney. (This is not to criticize Varney; I rather like her
personally, but politically, well...)
The Censorware Summit is organized largely by industy groups -- America
Online initially took the lead role -- and sympathetic advocacy groups.
Donna Rice-Hughes (yes that Donna Rice) is heavily involved, as operations
co-chair or something (I forget her real title). Sydney Rubin
(syd at kidsonline.org), a public relations rep for CyberPatrol, is handling
media registration. The Center for Democracy and Technology is hosting the
kidsonline.org web site.
Following is a quote from the web site. Note it talks about how we need
stricter enforcement of obscenity laws -- one of the worst ideas I've heard
in a while. Remember Robert Thomas -- why should S.F. or NYC be subject to
the "community standards" of Tennessee? *sigh*
Fortunately there's a coalition forming to oppose this. That is,
emphasizing the free speech implications of rating and filtering proposals.
I understand details will be made public soon. As I said:

@_date: 1997-10-31 04:16:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Censorware Summit, Clinton to speak, Dec 1-3 
Here are the sponsors... --Declan
NTERNET SUMMIT:
                           Focus On Children
                              October 1997
The following organizations representing diverse viewpoints support the
development of a national summit on making the Internet online experience more
rewarding and safer for children:
 Industry
                                            Non-Profits
 America Online
                                            American Academy of Pediatrics
 AT&T
                                            American Association of School
 Cartoon Network
                                            American Library Association
 CompuServe
                                            Boy Scouts of America
 Direct Marketing Association
                                            Center for Violence and Injury
 Disney Online
                                            Center for Democracy and
 GamePro Magazine
                                            Center for Media Education
 Highlights for Children
                                            Childnet International
 ISX Corporation
                                            Children's Partnership
 iVillage
                                            Consortium for School Networking
 K-III Communications/Seventeen Magazine
                                            Enough is Enough
 Microsoft Corporation
                                            Girl Scouts of the USA
 Microsystems Software
                                            National Association of
Secondary School
                                            Principals
 Nickelodeon Online
                                            National Center for Missing and
                                            Children
 Prodigy
                                            National Committee to Prevent Child
                                            Abuse
 Teknowledge Corporation
                                            National Consumers League
 Thornburg Center for Professional Development
                                            National Network of Violence
                                            Practitioners
 Turner/Cartoon Network
                                            National Parent Teacher
 United States Telephone Association
                                            Tech Corps
 Warner Bros. Online

@_date: 1997-10-31 04:39:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Censorware Summit, Clinton to speak, Dec 1-3 
Sponsors include:
This is the same group that I wrote about in June; excerpt attached below.
Note that no traditional free speech or journalist groups are represented.
Groups like ACLU, Media Coalition, EPIC, National Coalition Against
Censorship, National Campaign for Freedom of Expression, Freedom Forum,
Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, PEN/NWU, Association of
American Publishers, Feminists for Free Expression, American Society of
Newspaper Editors, Media Institute, American Society of Magazine Editors,
Thomas Jefferson Center for the Protection of Free Expression.
None of 'em there. Nada. Hell, even MPAA and the NAB would be better than
Enough is Enough.
The Netly News Network
June 13, 1997
The Cartoon Decency Act?
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        We all know what threats confront our children today: War.
   Hunger. Poverty. Ignorance. But animated cartoon characters on the
   Net?
        Actually, the Center for Media Education and its allies ignored
   the others and just zeroed in on the looming menace of Net-toons
   yesterday during the Federal Trade Commission's interminable privacy
   hearings. CME's Shelley Pasnik warned, "Animated product
   spokescharacters are coming into our childrens' computers... Parents
   are deeply troubled by the intrusive nature of the online [world]
   coming into our homes." Hadn't she read Kurt Anderson's editorial in
   The New Yorker this week, that the onslaught of 'toons signals a
   cultural renaissance in the U.S.? Doh!
        The Center for Media's alarums sound familiar. Supporters of the
   notorious Communications Decency Act cried that "pornography is coming
   into our home computers" and used the same excuse of "protecting
   children" to justify passing the law.

@_date: 1997-10-31 04:53:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Hong Kong's Net-conduct code, from South China Morning Post 
[South China Morning Post]
 [Front Page]          Tuesday  October 28  1997
 [Hong Kong]
                Conduct code targets porn on Internet
 [China] [Asia]
 [World]        GREN MANUEL
                A voluntary code to control
 [Business]     publication of obscene and indecent
 [Markets]      material on the Internet was launched
                yesterday, with the threat of a review
 [Features]     after a year if it failed.
 [Sport]
                But the code can only be applied
 [Property]     against material put on to the
 [Technology]   Internet in Hong Kong, with no
                effective sanction against publishers
                in the rest of the world, where the
 [Index]        vast bulk of the material originates.
 [Image]        The code, issued by the Hong Kong
                Internet Service Providers'
                Association, which covers all major
                Internet firms, is supported by the
                Television and Entertainment Licensing
                Authority.
                Both pledged it would not be used for
                political censorship.
                "We do not want to turn into an
                'Internet cop'," said the
                association's chairman, Daniel Ng
                Chi-shing.
                Last year the Government proposed new
                laws to block access to pornographic
                sites worldwide, but the plan was
                scrapped amid criticism it was
                technically unfeasible and could be
                used for political censorship.
                Commissioner for Television and
                Entertainment Licensing Eddy Chan
                Yuk-tak said: "If you strictly control
                the Internet you could stifle the free
                flow of information and inhibit the
                development of this new technology.
                "However, we must protect our young
                persons and children from the effect
                of indecent and obscene materials."
                He said the best strategy was to
                "advise, inform and educate" young
                people but the code was a useful
                supplement, and would be reviewed
                after 12 months.
                In June a senior Correctional Services
                officer was given a suspended sentence
                after posting hard-core child
                pornography on the Internet.
                Ousted Democratic Party legislator and
                Internet pornography campaigner Andrew
                Cheng Kar-foo welcomed the code but
                said it would have little practical
                effect on the material available.
                "The Government should have a clearer
                definition of 'obscenity', otherwise
                it could be abused," he said.
                Despite estimates there were more than
                10,000 Web sites hosted in Hong Kong,
                the Television and Entertainment
                Licensing Authority has received just
                four complaints.
                "There is a problem. But it is
                difficult to tell how serious it is at
                this stage," said Mr Chan.
                THE MAIN POINTS
                * Category III material will not be
                published on the Internet.
                * Category II material must be
                preceded by warning notices similar to
                those on printed material.
                * Users who repeatedly break the above
                rules should be disconnected.
                * Internet firms should promote
                technology that can allow a rating
                classification or the blocking of
                certain sites.
                * The public may make complaints to a
                page's host Internet firm. The firm
                must ''act promptly and
                conscientiously on the complaint''.
                * Unresolved complaints may be
                referred to the TELA.
                * Statistics on complaints will be
                sent to the TELA every month.

@_date: 1997-10-31 08:37:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House reiterates support for censorware 
every children's hospital as soon as possible, so that a child in bed
can stay in touch with school, family and friends.  A sick child need
no longer be a child alone."
demonstrate Starbright World, an on-line computer network that
enables seriously ill children to meet, play and verbally communicate
with one another..
challenge to the private sector to help connect seriously ill
children in hospitals across the country.  They will be joined in
launching this program by Starbright Chairman Steven Spielberg and
Starbright Capital Campaign Chairman General H. Norman Schwarzkopf.
Internet and other information and communications technologies a top
priority. They believe that the Internet is an engine of economic
growth and job creation, and a powerful tool for educating our
children and expanding access to health care.  Below are just a few
of their accomplishments:
clinics: As part of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, President
Clinton fought for an "e-rate" which will provide more than
$2.5 billion per year in discounts for schools, libraries and
rural health clinics to connect to the Internet.
To put the future at the fingertips of our children, President
Clinton believes we must connect every classroom to the Internet
by the year 2000, increase the number of multimedia computers
in the classroom, give teachers the training they need to use
technology effectively, and promote the development of high-quality
educational software.  To help states and local communities meet
these goals, President Clinton has proposed a 5-year, $2 billion
Technology Literacy Challenge Fund, with more than $400 million
in funding in his FY98 budget.
worked to make cyberspace a safe place for children by cracking down
on illegal content on the Internet and encouraging the private sector
to develop software that can screen out content that is inappropriate
for children.
schools: President Clinton and Vice President Gore have been
active participants in volunteer efforts like "NetDay" and "U.S.
Tech Corps."
launched an initiative to connect more than 100 universities at
speeds that are 100-1,000 times faster than today's Internet, and
to develop the next generation of applications, such as telemedicine.
This will ensure that the United States remains at the cutting-edge
of Internet technology.
In July 1997, President Clinton unveiled a strategy to eliminate
the barriers to global electronic commerce, which will create instant
access to global markets for America

@_date: 1997-10-31 08:49:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Censorware Summit, Clinton to speak, Dec 1-3 
Here's one response, personal notes deleted... I also got a call from one
of the organizers of the summit offering to include free speech/journalism
groups in it, or at least talking to them about the possibility... --Declan

@_date: 1997-11-01 04:32:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington-area cypherpunks party this weekend 
If you haven't heard already, there's a Washington, DC-area cypherpunks
meeting this weekend. It's Sunday, November 2 at 4 pm in the NW portion of
the city. Topics sure to be discussed include what's happening in Congress,
PGP and message recovery, and the government's key-escrow-fest scheduled
for next week. Simon Davies and Peter Neumann are likely to show up as well.
Marc Rotenberg and his wife are hosting. Their home is near the National
Cathedral, between Connecticut and Wisconsin avenues. Plenty of parking.
Walk is 12-15 mins from the Woodley Park/Nat'l Zoo Metro stop on the red
line. Email me for directions if you're interested.

@_date: 1997-09-03 01:34:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto Bill HR 3011 
Yet another example of MSNBC's fine reporting. H.R. 3011 is the bill
number for last year's SAFE bill (which was an improvement over this
year's, BTW):
  ftp://ftp.loc.gov/pub/thomas/c104/h3011.ih.txt
This year's SAFE bill is H.R. 695.

@_date: 1997-09-03 21:17:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DC cypherpunk soccer team? 
If you live in Washington, play soccer, and are a libertarian
(anarcho-capitalists are also welcome), email me. The fall league is
starting in two weeks. The name of the team? "The Invisible Foot"

@_date: 1997-09-03 21:20:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DC CYPHERPUNKS PARTY on September 6 
The DC cypherpunk working meeting and Diffie-Hellman patent expiration
party is this Saturday, September 6. About 30 people have RSVP'd. Speakers
include Bob Corn-Revere, a member of the Bernstein legal team, who will
talk about the lawsuit.
A group of 2600ers from NYC are coming down and may be able to bring
friends. People also plan to come from Baltimore and Richmond, so
carpooling might be a possibility. Email me for more info on this.
Remember, the event has two portions:
  -- 5:30 pm: a DCCP working meeting and potluck supper.
  -- 8:00 pm: a post-meeting party to celebrate the expiration of the
              Diffie-Hellman and Merkle-Hellman patents.
The original invite is at

@_date: 1997-09-04 05:37:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
All encryption products sold or distributed in the U.S.
must have a key escrow backdoor "like an airbag in a car,"
law enforcement agents advised a Senate panel this
FBI Director Louis Freeh also told a Senate Judiciary
subcommittee that "network service providers should be
required to have some immediate decryption ability
available" permitting agents to readily descramble
encrypted messages that pass through their system.
This marks the most aggressive push to date for
mandatory domestic key escrow (or "key recovery"),
which means someone else other than the recipient can
decipher messages you send out. Now, the easiest way
to win such a political tussle in Washington is to
control the terms of the debate. And nobody
understands that rule better than Sen. Jon Kyl
(R-Arizona), chair of the Judiciary subcommittee on
technology, terrorism, and government information.
Kyl opened today's hearing not by saying its purpose
was to discuss crypto in a balanced manner, but that
he wanted "to explore how encryption is affecting the
way we deal with criminals, terrorists, and the
security needs of business." Then he talked at length
about "criminals and terrorists" using crypto, and
child pornographers "using encryption to hide
pornographic images of children that they transmit
across the Internet."
Kyl also stacked the three panels. Out of seven
witnesses, five were current or former law enforcement
agents. No privacy or civil liberties advocates
testified. Some companies including FedEx apparently
dropped out when told they'd have to pay lip service
to key escrow if they wanted to speak.
Dorothy Denning, a Georgetown University professor of
computer science, did testify. Kyl made a point of
asking her if she still supported key escrow systems
(two recent articles by Will Rodger and Simson
Garfinkel said she was changing her mind). "I think
key recovery offers a very attractive approach,"
Denning said. What about export controls? "In the
absence of any controls, the problem for law
enforcement would get worse," she replied.
But when Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif) asked if
Denning would support a *mandatory* key escrow system,
the computer scientist said she wouldn't. "No, because
we don't have a lot of experience we key recovery
systems... a lot of people are legitimately nervous."
(Keep in mind that although Feinstein supposedly
represents Silicon Valley, she's no friend of high
tech firms. She opposes lifting export controls; in
fact, she says that "nothing other than some form of
mandatory key recovery really does the job" of
preventing crime. Of course, Feinstein doesn't have a
clue. She talks about whether businesses would want "a
hard key or digital key or a key infrastructure." Yes,
folks, this is in fact meaningless blather.)
Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy
Information Center in Washington, DC, says, "Simply
stated, the Senate train is headed in the wrong
direction. But of course this doesn't answer the
question of what will ultimately be resolved by
Congress? There's a very popular measure in the House
right now that's heading in a different direction."
Rotenberg is talking about Rep. Bob Goodlatte's SAFE
bill, which is much more pro-business than S.909,
the McCain-Kerrey Senate bill that Kyl supports. Now,
S.909 doesn't mandate key recovery; it only strongly
encourages it by wielding the federal government's
purchasing power to jumpstart a key recovery
But Kyl would go further. At a recent Heritage
Foundation roundtable on encryption, I asked him, "Why
not make key recovery technology mandatory -- after
all, terrorists, drug kingpins and other criminals
won't use it otherwise. Kyl's response? Not that it
would be a violation of Constitutional due process and
search and seizure protections or a bad idea. Instead,
he told me he simply didn't have enough votes...

@_date: 1997-09-04 07:01:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
Will is right to say Feinstein was harping on mandatory key escrow the
entire time. I disagree, though, that Freeh "seemed to warm" to the idea;
it's been a wet dream of the FBI for the longest time. Towards the end of
his testimony he was perhaps less guarded in his calls for it, that's all.
As for the backdoor, Freeh was vague on what that would mean. At one point
he said it could be done in a mandatory or voluntary manner as long as it
got done. At another he talked about mandating it but giving users the
option to turn it off -- but then what's the use of mandating it? I've
attached some excerpts from the transcript below that might be helpful.
I didn't catch him saying mandatory k.e. isn't a possibility, but he did
admit it wasn't foolproof. Check out the transcript.
[Louis Freeh is talking]
Here we're not saying the key recovery standard X, Y, Z.  We're telling
the manufacturers that they need to have a feature that would allow
immediate decryption, and they can do that in the cheapest, most efficient
way that they can design.  And I think they can do that fairly easily.
There are a number of ways that that could be
implemented, but what we believe we need as a minimum
is a feature implemented and designed by the
manufacturers of the products and services here that
will allow law enforcement to have an immediate lawful
decryption of the communications in transit or the
stored data.  That could be done in a mandatory
manner.  It could be done in an involuntary manner.
But the key is that we would have the ability, once we
have the court order in hand, to get that information
and get it real-time without waiting for what it would
take for a supercomputer to give us, which is too long
for life or safety reasons.
Mandatory key recovery, to the extent that
it was implemented, would be the best law enforcement
solution.  I would not be candid with you if I told
you anything other than that.
I think we can design a system short of mandatory key
recovery which will work certainly better than no
system at all.  And I think the precepts of 909 and
some additions which could be added thereto will give
law enforcement at least a fighting chance, which is
really what we're asking for in this context, to keep
a technique which is very valuable. I don't think
we'll ever solve the problem 100 percent.  There are
loopholes now.  There will be loopholes even with a
mandatory key recovery system.  What we want to try to
do is design an infrastructure which will give us as
many access points for that court order as possible. And that's the end game that we're involved in right

@_date: 1997-09-04 23:01:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comparing encryption to airbags: both hurt the public 
That Subject: line should have been, of course, that airbags and crypto
controls both hurt the public. --Declan

@_date: 1997-09-04 23:06:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comparing encryption to airbags: both hurt the public 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Actually, the similarity between airbags and encryption is a good
comparison.  The public will be hurt by encryption controls, just as the
public has been hurt by airbags.
A few facts: Airbags were promoted by Joan Claybrook in the 1970s and 1980s
as a wonderful technology which worked for everybody from large males to
little children.  She claimed that they would save thousands and thousands
of lives each year, and that they would work for unbelted occupants.
Claybrook even pressured the manufacturers to use the technologies which she
now condemns today (don't get me started on Claybrook's mendacity on the
airbag issue.  She is a flat-out liar).
Well, while airbags have indeed saved some people who otherwise would have
died, they have not worked nearly as well as promised.  They specifically
hurt the weakest people in our society -- small children, short women, and
the elderly. They add about six hundred dollars to the price of new cars,
which encourages poorer people to keep older, possibly less safe cars
longer.  Now Claybrook even claims that airbags would work better if people
weren't "out of position" -- i.e. if they were wearing seatbelts, even
though the entire point of airbags was to provide "passive restraints"
because people didn't wear seatbelts.
Encryption controls will, like airbags, be far more dangerous to the public
than currently promoted.  And once given the power, it will be pretty
difficult, if not impossible, to take it away from government agencies.
Even with airbags documented as killing people, the government won't let us
have the choice whether to have them in the car at all.  The biggest
concession the government will make is allowing car companies to include an
on-off switch. This is why CEI will soon publish directions on our website
on how to dismantle your own airbags (well, as soon as we square away the
legal stuff).
Ciao! Julie
Julie DeFalco
Policy Analyst
Competitive Enterprise Institute
1001 Connecticut Ave., NW
Suite 1250
Washington, DC 20036
(202) 331-1010
Fax: (202) 331-0640

@_date: 1997-09-05 08:22:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Administration backs away from FBI on crypto, by A.Pressman (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Clinton administration back away from FBI on encryption
    By Aaron Pressman
   WASHINGTON, Sept 4 (Reuter) - The Clinton administration's top official
on encryption policy on Thursday backed away from a proposal by the head of
 the FBI to regulate for the first time computer coding products in the
United States.
   "What he proposed was not the administration's policy," Commerce
Undersecretary William Reinsch told reporters during a break at a
congressional hearing.
   FBI Director Louis Freeh's comments Wednesday before a subcommittee of
the Senate Judiciary Committee sparked strong criticism from civil
liberties groups and the software industry.
   U.S. law strictly regulates the export of encryption products, which can
 be used to scramble information and render it unreadable without a
password or software "key." But on Wednesday, Freeh proposed mandatory
controls on currently unregulated coding products intended solely for
domestic use.
   "The administration has been very clear to the director that he has an
obligation to tell the Congress what's in the interests of law enforcement,
 and he did that," Reinsch explained. "That doesn't mean he was speaking
for everybody."
   Freeh said makers of encryption products should include features that
would allow the government to crack any message.
   Without such capabilities, criminals, terrorists and pedophiles could
use encryption to hide their communications from law enforcement agencies,
Freeh said.
   But software companies maintain that Freeh's plan would make their
products less attractive and make all electronic messages less secure.
Civil liberties groups said mandatory controls on domestic encryption might
 violate constitutional guarantees of free speech and privacy.
   Under the FBI director's proposal, all encryption products would have a
feature allowing government access to coded messages, but users could
disable or avoid using the feature.
   Some senators wanted to go further. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a California
Democrat, proposed requiring all users of encryption to enable the
back-door access feature. Freeh said such a law would be the best solution
for law enforcement but added that he did not think it was politically
   Reinsch said Freeh's proposal was also unlikely to pass.
   "If the committee were to report that (bill out), I think that would be
something we would look at very seriously," he said. "But I don't expect
that to happen. We have not asked them to report that and we are not going
to ask them to report that."
Thursday, 4 September 1997 16:13:38
RTRS [nN04290412]

@_date: 1997-09-05 23:16:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stupid Senate Tricks, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
September 5, 1997
Stupid Senate Tricks        by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        What do you get when you mix discussions of high technology and
   the Internet with the weak minds of the aging techno-half-wits in the
   U.S. Congress? Answer: a screwball dialogue that veers haphazardly
   between the idiotic and inane.            From the infamous father of the Communications Decency Act to the
   California senator who confuses computer mice with real rodents,
   Washington lawmakers rarely have a clue about the technology they try    to regulate. Now that Congress is back in session, the lawmakers will
   once again be muddling through press conferences and briefings with
   the help of hovering aides. But sometimes they try to make a go of it
   on their own -- and then the results aren't pretty.
        Both houses of Congress have their share of boobs. Rep. Sonny
   Bono (R-Calif.) -- once dubbed the dumbest member of Congress by
   Washingtonian magazine -- showed up at the National Press Club in July
   1996 ostensibly to talk about copyright and the Net. Instead, he
   rambled incoherently about Cher ("I hope she doesn't put on any more
   tattoos") and sang "I've Got You, Babe" to the audience. Bono's public
   relations director once told the Los Angeles Times that when her boss    was mayor of Palm Springs, she had to rewrite his agendas into script    form: "For call to order, I wrote 'sit.' For salute the flag, I wrote
   'stand up, face flag, mouth words.'" (Yet Bono was the only member of
   Congress with the balls to challenge FBI opposition to pro-privacy
   legislation at a hearing earlier this year. Go figure.)

@_date: 1997-09-06 11:02:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mandatory key escrow bill text, backed by FBI 
All encryption products distributed in or imported into the U.S. after
January 1, 1999 must have a key escrow backdoor for the government,
according to an FBI-backed proposal circulating on Capitol Hill. The
measure would impose a similar requirement on "public network service
providers" that offer data-scrambling services. FBI Director Louis Freeh
talked about this proposal, without disclosing legislation existed, at a
Senate subcommittee haring on Wednesday.
Domestic use and sale of encryption has never been regulated.
Attached is an excerpt from the draft "Secure Public Networks Act" dated
August 28.
  	 (1) includes features, such as key recovery, trusted MSNBC's Brock Meeks on above FBI proposal & White House support:
  My report on the September 3 "mandatory key escrow" Senate hearing:
  Transcript of FBI director Louis Freeh's remarks at Sep 3 hearing:
  Reuters' Aaron Pressman on Commerce Dept backing away from FBI:

@_date: 1997-09-07 00:24:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT on "useless crypto legislation" 
Not a surprise in the sense that we all knew the FBI would propose
something like this sooner or later. None-the-less, this is a significant
new threat and it would be a very very dangerous for us to underestimate it.
The House Intelligence and National Security Committees are voting on SAFE
next week.  The FBI's draft is no doubt part of the Administration's effort
to gut the bill.  We should expect that this language will be offered at
one or both of those committee votes, and that it stands a good chance of
being adopted.
That sets up an all out fight on the House floor, and a very tough fight.
The debate has changed -- it's now about defeating mandatory key recovery.
VTW and CDT have issued an ALERT and are urging Internet users to contact
their Representatives on the Intelligence and National Security Committees.
Visit  for details.
Kudos to Brock for a great piece.
  * Value Your Privacy? The Government Doesn't.  Say 'No' to Key Escrow! *
            Adopt Your Legislator -  Jonah Seiger, Communications Director                  (v) +1.202.637.9800
Center for Democracy and Technology                 pager: +1.202.859.2151
                                      PGP Key via finger

@_date: 1997-09-07 00:37:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto Hearings 
In my post "Mandatory key escrow bill text" yesterday evening I included a
URL to a Reuters dispatch about the SAFE hearing on Sep 4. I also
forwarded the article to f-c, not sure about cypherpunks. The Sep 4 SAFE hearing seems to have been much more balanced than the
Senate one the day before. I don't have a transcript of it, though. Beware the National Security committee markup and vote on SAFE next week.
Mandatory key escrow is only one card the government has to play.

@_date: 1997-09-09 10:54:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stewart Baker's analysis of administration crypto-proposal 
Declan, here is a quick analysis of the latest leaked      Administration legislative draft on encryption.  Whether this language ever      sees the light of day in this form, however, is open to doubt.  With that      disclaimer, here's what the bill seems likely to do.
     Stewart Baker
          THE LANGUAGE
                    The draft borrows heavily from the structure and content of           the Kerrey/McCain legislation--it even retains the title, the "Secure           Public Networks Act".   In fact, the provisions in Titles IV through X           of McCain/Kerrey regarding the registration of certificate authorities           and key recovery agents, liability, criminal penalties, defenses,           international negotiations, authority of the Secretary of Commerce to           investigate compliance with the Act, and authority for the Attorney           General to bring actions to enjoin violations of the Act are largely           unchanged in this draft.  The significant changes are:
               --   gone is the section (102) that would prohibit mandatory           third party escrow of keys.  In its place is a new section (105) that           would prohibit, after January 1, 1999, the provision of encryption           services in the U.S., or the manufacture for sale or distribution in           the U.S. of encryption products/systems, that do not have a plaintext           recovery feature that may be turned on at the option of the user.
               --   gone is the exclusive emphasis on key recovery as the           technology for assuring plaintext recovery.  Instead, this legislation           would require products and systems that permit immediate decryption           without the knowledge or cooperation of the user.  The Attorney           General is to issue regulations describing these functional criteria,           but there is no provision requiring public notice and comment on such           regulations.
               --   gone is the language requiring key recovery agents to           disclose recovery information when presented with a subpoena.  In its           place is language that indicates a court order or court authorized           warrant is required before a key recovery agent may disclose recovery           information.                 --   added is export license exception treatment for products           that are access or recovery enabled, regardless of algorithm, key           length,  or even whether the access feature is activated.  This would           be broader than McCain/Kerrey which would extend license exception           treatment to products with over 56-bit key lengths only if the product           includes an access feature and the access feature is turned on at the           time of export.
               --   retained is the provision to decontrol 56-bit encryption           after one time review.  However, the bill adds an Encryption Export           Advisory Board, composed of industry and government representatives,           to, among other things, recommend to the President whether the key           length of encryption exports to be decontrolled should be raised           beyond 56 bits.  The President retains the final decision making           authority, however.
               --   gone is the McCain/Kerrey provision that would authorize the           Secretary of Commerce to prohibit any exports that could be contrary           to U.S. security interests.
               --   added is a provision to permit license exceptions for voice           products with encryption if the Secretary of Commerce determines that           requiring an access feature  would be a competitive disadvantage and           permitting the export would be compatible with U.S. foreign and           national security policies.
               --   retained are the provisions that require the use of           accessible encryption products and services on any system used or           funded by the Government, but this draft sets a January 1, 1999 date           of compliance.
               --   contrary to earlier indications, there is no requirement for           certificate authorities registered under the Act to ensure recovery           information is escrowed with a recovery agent registered under the           Act.
          ANALYSIS
                    Even though expected, the big news with this draft is the           introduction of domestic control of encryption products and services           available in the U.S.  For many, the idea of such controls is simply           an unacceptable infringement on privacy.  But even for those who could           be persuaded of the need for such controls, the implementation date           provided (January 1, 1999) is unworkable.  Industry must have the time           to research and develop access technology appropriate to their           products, particularly in the telecommunications industry where the           demand for security is increasing, but there is little or no market           for key recovery and its associated infrastructure.  Likewise,           manufacturers cannot afford to write off the investments they have           made in existing security products or services by being compelled to           implement new designs before technology turnover would normally be           expected to occur.
                    A related concern would be to ensure new products with           access features may interoperate with products or services that are           already in use without such features.  It is unreasonable to expect           that users could afford to replace their existing systems with new           products that include access features.  The language of this draft           would seem to permit such interoperability since the access feature is           required only to be an option that may be turned on by the user, or           not.  But even if the legislation is understood as permitting such           interoperability, the cost to manufacturers and consumers of meeting           this new requirement could be substantial.

@_date: 1997-09-09 21:34:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Latest amendment to SAFE crypto bill 
tbetz at pobox.com, fight-censorship at vorlon.mit.edu
Things are heating up even more. At this morning's National Security
committee markup in the House, SAFE will be hit by an amendment sponsored
by Weldon and Dellums. It doesn't focus on key recovery; rather it likely
will delay the effective date of the act. "We need the time for our
defense and intelligence agencies to prepare," says one source who drafted
No committee member, even the SAFE cosponsors, has said they'll oppose it.

@_date: 1997-09-10 00:23:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: We're not surprised 
FOR RELEASE:  August 16, 1995, 2:00 p.m. EST
       J
            WASHINGTON, DC - Newly-released government documents show        that key federal agencies concluded more than two years ago that        the "Clipper Chip" encryption initiative will only succeed if        alternative security techniques are outlawed.  The Electronic        Privacy Information Center (EPIC) obtained the documents from the        Federal Bureau of Investigation under the Freedom of Information        Act.  EPIC, a non-profit research group, received hundreds of        pages of material from FBI files concerning Clipper and        cryptography.
       J
            Clipper, and its underlying key-escrow encryption technology,        are designed to guarantee government agents "real-time" access to        encrypted communications.  This is accomplished by placing an        extra set of decryption "keys" in the hands of designated "escrow        agents."
       J
            The conclusions contained in the documents appear to conflict        with frequent Administration claims that use of Clipper technology        will remain "voluntary."  Critics of the government's initiative,        including EPIC, have long maintained that the Clipper "key-escrow        encryption" technique would only serve its stated purpose if made        mandatory.  According to the FBI documents, that view is shared by        the Bureau, the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Department        of Justice (DOJ).
            In a "briefing document" titled "Encryption: The Threat,        Applications and Potential Solutions," and sent to the National        Security Council in February 1993, the FBI, NSA and DOJ concluded        that:
       J
            Technical solutions, such as they are, will only work if             they are incorporated into *all* encryption products.              To ensure that this occurs, legislation mandating the             use of Government-approved encryption products or             adherence to Government encryption criteria is required.
       J
            Likewise, an undated FBI report titled "Impact of Emerging        Telecommunications Technologies on Law Enforcement" observes that        "[a]lthough the export of encryption products by the United States        is controlled, domestic use is not regulated."  The report        concludes that "a national policy embodied in legislation is        needed."  Such a policy, according to the FBI, must ensure "real-
       time decryption by law enforcement" and "prohibit[] cryptography        that cannot meet the Government standard."
       J
            The FBI conclusions stand in stark contrast to public        assurances that the government does not intend to prohibit the use        of non-escrowed encryption.  Testifying before a Senate Judiciary        Subcommittee on May 3, 1994, Assistant Attorney General Jo Ann        Harris asserted that:
       J
            As the Administration has made clear on a number of             occasions, the key-escrow encryption initiative is a             voluntary one; we have absolutely no intention of             mandating private use of a particular kind of             cryptography, nor of criminalizing the private use of             certain kinds of cryptography.
       J
             According to EPIC Legal Counsel David Sobel, the newly-
       disclosed information "demonstrates that the architects of the        Clipper program -- NSA and the FBI -- have always recognized that        key-escrow must eventually be mandated.  As privacy advocates and        industry have always said, Clipper does nothing for law        enforcement unless the alternatives are outlawed."
       J
            Scanned images of several key documents are available via the        World Wide Web at the EPIC Home Page:
       J
                        J
       J
       J
                                     -30-

@_date: 1997-09-10 10:59:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Let me type in that section. But I'm talking about the issue of the
constitutionality of the legislation, of course. National security and

@_date: 1997-09-10 11:19:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
The war in Congress is essentially over. There is no realistic hope of
good crypto legislation passing. I'd be interested to hear any
hypothetical that you'd suggest to the contrary. Keep in mind when
concocting it that you'd have to get past the Senate -- where pro-crypto
legislation has been dead for months -- and a presidential veto.
Can you honestly say that any legislation that would survive such a
fearsome test would be better than the situation we have now? (That is, no
domestic controls, an export control regime hanging from a shoestring, and
moderately successful court challenges.)
The "important policy implication" of this language may just be Freeh
serving as a convenient launching platform for trial balloons. Reinsch can
swat them down as he sees fit if they get hit by too severe a barrage,
then reintroduce them later after the clamor dies down. (Politically, BTW,
it is much more interesting what Gore said today than Reinsch.) Like I
said, bad cop and worse cop. Reinsch was critical of nuances -- ones that
you perhaps missed -- not the general plan to wire in Big Brother.
Keep in mind this is not just law enforcement talking. This is policy that
comes from the top. Remember Clinton's executive order last fall. Or
before that, his predecessor. Classified documents reveal George Bush in
December 1991 approved a policy to ban strong crypto and allow only
snooperware (crypto with a backdoor). Then in early 1992 the White House
OMB moved to suppress related documents critical of mandatory
wiretappability and privacy. Again, this comes from the highest levels of
the administration. Tell me again how you'll get past that veto.

@_date: 1997-09-10 11:34:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Let me clarify my earlier comments. The language sez Defense & Commerce
together can veto crypto exports, and:
"Decisions made by the Secretary of Commerce with the concurrence of the
Secretary of Defense with respect to exports of encryption products under
this section shall not be subject to judicial review."

@_date: 1997-09-10 11:59:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
I was talking to someone after a law class this evening (we're covering
electronic privacy topics, but unfortunately we're not at crypto yet). He
suggested widespread civil disobedience. Perhaps it's time to dare the Feds to prosecute you. Any volunteers?

@_date: 1997-09-10 12:02:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no  b 
Lizard, I'm not sure if I should take your post as a compliment to my
writing abilities or an insult to my politics, but you should be aware
that my post about giving up freedom to play political games was entirely
facetious. Perhaps I should be more explicit in the future, but sometimes
it ruins the spoof.

@_date: 1997-09-10 17:32:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
Let's look at what Gore did say:
I agree it's word games, but that's hardly a surprise. Especially since
Gore's denial seems a bit too narrow. What about the administration's
policy on free //distribution// of encryption? That's what Louis Freeh
wants to ban, as an initial move.

@_date: 1997-09-11 06:51:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Building in Big Brother, from The Netly News 
The Netly News Network (
September 10, 1997
Building in Big Brother
By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        The U.S. Congress, bowing to law enforcement demands for more
   wiretap powers, is preparing to approve a scheme that endangers the
   personal freedom of every American.
        Nobody doubts that wiretaps are useful tools for law enforcement
   agents. FBI Director Louis Freeh, who as a young agent built his
   career on them, knows this well.
        But Freeh's plan would expand the FBI's eavesdropping ability by
   building Big Brother into every word processor, every e-mail program
   and every web browser. All computer software distributed after 1998
   would have a special, secret backdoor for government access to your
   most private files. Even your Internet provider would be deputized as
   a cyber-snoop. It's the technological equivalent of requiring that
   every homeowner turn over a spare copy of his front door key to the
   FBI.
        This is the same FBI that has a long and disturbing history of
   abusing Americans' privacy. As director, J. Edgar Hoover built a
   successful career out of illegal wiretaps, secret files and political
   blackmail. Hoover despised Martin Luther King, Jr. -- branding him an
   "obsessive degenerate" -- and once sent him an anonymous letter, using
   information gathered through illegal surveillance, to encourage the
   depressed civil rights leader to commit suicide. Hoover's legacy?
   Having the FBI headquarters bear his name today.

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:19:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Building in Big Brother, from The Netly News 
Forgot to say -- Check out the second half of my article (not attached, at
the URL below) for a look ahead at what other committees might do with
mandatory key escrow, based on my conversations with some pro-GAK

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:49:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-czar nominated for Commerce Dept undersecretary (fwd) 
announced his intent to nominate Ambassador David L. Aaron for the
position of Under Secretary for International Trade at the Department
of Commerce.
national and international issues. Since 1993, he has served as U.S.
Ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD). In 1996, the White House announced his
appointment as Special Envoy for Cryptography, giving him the
responsibility of promoting the growth of international electronic
commerce and robust, secure global communications in a manner that
protects the public safety and national security.
variety of posts including NATO, the United Nations, and the
Strategic Arms talks. After leaving the Foreign Service, he continued
in government at the National Security Council, on the staff of Sen.
Walter Mondale, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and as
Deputy National Security Advisor to President Carter.
and acquisitions at Oppenheimer and Co. Prior to becoming
ambassador, he was a senior fellow at the Twentieth Century Fund,
served on the board of the National Democratic Institute and the
International League for Human Rights, and was a member of the
Overseas Development Council and the Council on Foreign Relations.
He is a recipient of the National Defense Medal, the Pentagon's
highest civilian award, and the author of three novels. Aaron is a
graduate of Occidental College and Princeton University.
Administration, Aaron will be responsible for policies and programs
that promote world trade and strengthen the international trade and
investment position of the United States.

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:50:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Freeh says FBI doing great, supports Weaver killer 
agency "in great shape" despite a recent spate of public relations
embarrassments and said he has no plans to step down from his job.
capture of CIA shooting suspect Mir Aimal Kansi of Pakistan and other
recent successes have helped restore public confidence in the FBI, he told
reporters today.
variety of controversies, including its conduct in the investigation of
the Atlanta Olympic bombing, allegations that its crime lab had mishandled
evidence and accusations that he had failed to fully brief the White House
on China's alleged efforts to contribute money to U.S. political
FBI's public relations problems. "We will always be controversial. ... But
I think that how the FBI responds to those problems is what's important."
he had considered quitting his job.
for the crime lab, choosing from a list of candidates that includes
"world-class scientists."
1996 bombing that killed 19 American airmen in Saudi Arabia, despite the
fact that Hani al-Sayegh, a Saudi dissident, had reneged on an agreement
to provide information on the case.
own investigation," Freeh said.
sharpshooter charged last month by local authorities with involuntary
manslaughter for the shooting death of Vicky Weaver, wife of white
supremacist Randy Weaver, during a deadly standoff in Idaho, Freeh said.
was a mistake on his part, but we believe he was acting as he was trained
to do. He was within the scope of his authority. ... He reasonably
believed at the time that what he was doing was proper."

@_date: 1997-09-12 04:24:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
The Commerce Committee got a two-week extension from the Speaker...
Now, is this good or bad news for crypto? Not sure if it's bad news, but
it's far from necessarily good news. The Eavesdrop Establishment is
swarming on Capitol Hill right now. The staff on Intelligence are
jubilant. Goodlatte may be standing firm, based on what other journalists
and his staff tells me, but other supposed friends of freedom (including
one fellow who's a guest speaker at a forthcoming Cato conference) are
talking about more crypto-in-a-crime restrictions. The Commerce Committee,
I'm told, got briefed by Freeh in a closed-door hearing yesterday evening
without staff present.
This, as I've said for months, is the problem of playing politics with our
constitutional rights.

@_date: 1997-09-12 05:01:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Janet Reno talks crypto with Al Gore 
Said during Atty Gen Janet Reno's weekly media
availability on September 5, 1997:
Q     Excuse me.  Thank you.  We started this morning
with a reference to the unfortunate death of the
princess of Wales.  As you're aware, in the wake of
that, there have been various calls - expressions of
concern about the privacy of individuals, of
celebrities, primarily, and various people discussing
a possible need for laws to protect people.  Do you
see that as a realistic discussion?  Is there any - as
a law enforcement officer, can you see any way that
individual celebrities can be protected legislatively,
legally, or is this just something that has to be
solved socially, culturally?
ATTY GEN. RENO:  I we're going to have to look at it
and solve it in common-sense ways.  I think it's very
difficult to legislate something like that.  But I
think it is important for all of us, no matter what
our role, to be respectful of other people's privacy.
And I think this is an instance where it has given us
all cause to look at it and to ponder how we can deal
with this issue.
Q     Ms. Reno, how often do you speak with Vice
President Gore on legal or law enforcement issues? And
how would you characterize the relationship that
you've had with him?
ATTY GEN. RENO:  I have spoken with him on encryption
issues with regards to law enforcement.  That is, I
think, one of the principal issues that I have
discussed with him - not recently.

@_date: 1997-09-12 06:08:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: RSAC shelves news rating, bowing to criticism from journalists (fwd) 
RSAC shelves news rating
By Tim Clark and Courtney Macavinta
September 10, 1997, 5:55 p.m. PT

@_date: 1997-09-12 07:05:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on House Intelligence committee amendment on crypto 
So I'm reading through the 43-page amendment to SAFE that the House
Intelligence committee approved today. It includes: * Ban on sale of crypto without a backdoor. Five year & fine (maybe
$250,000?) if violated. Prosecutions can be held in closed-door
courtrooms, publishers of info about case to be held in contempt of court.
* Federal government computer purchases must use key escrow "immediate
decryption" after 1998. Same with network established w/Federal funds.
* Such products can be labeled "authorized for sale to U.S. government"
* U.S. government may "not mandate the use of encryption standards" for
the private sector
* Export decisions aren't subject to judicial review
* Defense & Commerce have controls of exports of crypto
* Establishes Encryption Industry and Information Security Board
* Internet providers, key recovery centers aren't liable if they turn over
keys following legal standards
* President can negotiate int'l agreements, perhaps punish noncompliant
I'm still reading... More details shortly...

@_date: 1997-09-12 09:20:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court proceedings under new SAFE act 
I'm reading the bill more closely. This is incredibly slick work.
1. When it appears that any person is selling, importing, or distributing
non-backdoor'd crypto or "about" to do so, the Atty General can sue to
stop them. "Upon the filing of the complaint seeking injunctive relief by
the Attorney General, the court shall automatically issue a temporary
restraining order against the party being sued." 2. There are provisions for closing the proceedings -- at the request of
the "party against whom injunction is being sought." "Public disclosure of
the proceedings shall be treated as contempt of court." Can also be closed
if judge makes finding. 3. You can request an advisory opinion from the Atty Gen to see if crypto
you're about to give out (even for free) violates the law. That will get
you off the hook during any prosecution. 4. If DoJ loses at trial court, they get an expedited appeal. More interestingly, this gives courts including the FISA court (yes, the
secret court that has never denied a request for a wiretap) jurisdiction;
they can issue ex parte orders giving police access to plaintext. Also
lets U.S. government coordinate with other governments in doing such.
You get notified not later than 90 days afterwards. There are a lot of
other "checks and balances" here that will be touted as safeguards.

@_date: 1997-09-12 11:18:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pro-censorship lobbyist calls for AOL boycott 
CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) - Marc Klaas, whose daughter Polly was abducted from
her bedroom and killed in 1993, is calling for a boycott of American
Online until it stops allowing access to a Florida woman who posts writing
and art by serial killers on the Internet.
who is serving three life sentences in Oregon for killings in the
Northwest and is charged with one murder in Wyoming.
this monster to have a public forum," said Klaas, who was in Wyoming this
week to promote the Klaas Foundation for Children, which he established
after his daughter's slaying.
Thursday that some material from the home page of Sondra London of
Jacksonville, Fla., would be removed within 24 hours.
(associated AOL sites) offensive and objectionable and we did not wish to
have our name associated with it," said AOL spokeswoman Tricia Primrose.
Jesperson's material - the "self-start serial killer kit" - on the urging
of an AOL attorney who said he was investigating the site.
President and general counsel George Vradenburg III said the material was
removed and that none of it was "authored, sponsored or condoned by AOL."
acknowledge the remaining material, such as Jesperson referring to his
victims as piles of garbage."
Wyoming so he can stand trial in a 1995 slaying, said he supports Klaas'
call for a boycott. He also asked AOL on Thursday to remove the rest of
Jerperson's material.
and ravings and advocacy of serial killing."
to gain insight into how serial killers think.
California. None of his work has appeared on London's Web page.

@_date: 1997-09-12 11:37:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Privacy secrecy law for driver's records struck down 
AM-Driver's Privacy,0594
Judge blocks driver's records secrecy law in
By MONA BRECKENRIDGE
Associated Press Writer
the release of personal information from driver's
licenses and car registrations is unconstitutional, a
judge ruled Thursday in blocking enforcement of the
law in South Carolina starting this weekend.
the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994 on behalf
of media groups from five states and two national
media organizations. Condon contended the law was an
improper infringement on states' rights.
Congress "clearly exceeded its power."
would prevent stalkers from tracking their victims,
failed to show that it was necessary to protect a
constitutional right of privacy.
numbers, addresses, phone numbers and photographs to
be private, the judge said.
is to take effect nationwide on Saturday, in South
Carolina only. The only other state to challenge the
law so far has been Oklahoma, where the case is
open records," said Bill Rogers, executive director of
the South Carolina Press Association. "South Carolina
already has a very good law to protect people from
stalkers and harassing phone calls."
in some form, according to the Reporters Committee for
Freedom of the Press.
in state motor vehicle records that can be looked up
using a license plate or driver's license numbers,
unless an individual agrees to its release.
D-Calif., in response to the 1989 slaying of actress
Rebecca Schaeffer, who was killed at her California
home by a man who used a private investigator to
obtain her driver's records.
Schaeffer's slaying, since it would keep motor vehicle
records open to police, private investigators,
insurance companies, credit agencies and
direct-marketing companies.
secret could face federal penalties of $5,000 a day.
State workers who give out such information could be
penalized $2,500 each time.
We think that driver's privacy protection is an
important anti-crime measure," said David Sandretti,
Boxer's spokesman in Washington.
could not comment because the agency had not seen
Shedd's ruling. Agency officials have 60 days to
decide whether to appeal to the 4th U.S. Circuit Court
of Appeals, he said.
ruling on the so-called Brady Law, in which the
justices said Congress could not make local police do
criminal background checks on people who want to buy
... responsible for maintaining motor vehicle records,
and these records constitute property of the states,"
Shedd wrote.
press associations of South Carolina, North Carolina,
Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland-Delaware, and the
Newspaper Association of America and the American
Society of Newspaper Editors.

@_date: 1997-09-12 12:40:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court proceedings under new SAFE act 
Yep, they get an automatic TRO. Amazing, huh, what National Security
arguments can do?
Not sure if we can find out much about the FISA court. Very clandestine. WashPostMag ran something a few months ago. I'm copying this to David, who
probably knows more about it than anyone else I know.

@_date: 1997-09-12 12:55:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Your general idea is right-on. If lots of folks use crypto, it'll be
politically more difficult for the government to ban it. But do many
browser users even //know// they're using an encrypted channel? Probably
not. This is an education issue as well as a deployment issue.

@_date: 1997-09-12 12:59:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on House Intelligence committee amendment on crypto 
There was a vote in Nat Sec earlier this week. That was fortyfive-one, I
recall, to gut SAFE. I think Smith voted against it. Today's vote was in
the supersecret Intelligence committee, which met behind closed doors this
morning and approved the domestic restrictions.

@_date: 1997-09-12 13:09:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on House Intelligence committee amendment on crypto 
The new SAFE bill retains the five-ten provisions. Remember how the crypto
in a crime provision was narrowed in (I recall) the Judiciary committee?
It's not that narrow anymore; it's been broadened and is much more
encompassing. Small surprise.

@_date: 1997-09-12 13:24:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Libertarianism is the only coherent ideology when it comes to the
Internet. I'm told there may be a piece appearing shortly on HotWired
arguing just this. At the Libertarian Party convention last summer, a
bunch of cypherpunks including some on f-c showed up and made the platform
even more pro-crypto and anti-GAK. I wrote about this for HotWired then. But to defend modern liberals for a moment (I'm a recovering one. Yes, it
takes a long time.), groups like EPIC and the ACLU are generally
liberal-ish and they're quite good on encryption. Of course, the Democrats in Congress are some of the biggest anti-crypto
folks around.

@_date: 1997-09-12 13:27:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
You can make general pro-privacy arguments about wiretapping, which is
what I did in my Netly column yesterday. Or you can describe crypto in
detail, which is what I did in my February 1997 Internet Underground
feature.

@_date: 1997-09-12 14:47:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House panel votes behind closed doors to build in Big Brother 
Software that protects your privacy is a controlled substance that may no
longer be sold, a Congressional committee decided today.
Meeting behind closed doors this morning, the House Intelligence committee
voted to replace a generally pro-encryption bill with an entirely
rewritten draft that builds in Big Brother into all future encryption
products. (The Senate appears to be moving in a similar direction.)
The new SAFE bill -- titled in a wonderfully Orwellian manner the
"Security and Freedom through Encryption" act even though it provides
neither -- includes these provisions:
SELLING CRYPTO: Selling unapproved encryption products (that do not
include "immediate access to plaintext") becomes a federal crime,
immediately after this bill becomes law. Five years in jail plus
fines. Distributing, importing, or manufacturing such products
after January 31, 2000 is another crime.
NETWORK PROVIDERS: Anyone offering scrambled "network service"
including encrypted web servers or even "ssh" would be required to
build in a backdoor for the government by January 31, 2000. This
backdoor must provide for "immediate decryption or access to
plaintext of the data."
TECHNICAL STANDARDS: The Attorney General will publish technical
requirements for such backdoors in network service and encryption
products, within five months after the president signs this bill.
LEGAL TO USE CRYPTO: "After January 31, 2000, it shall not be
unlawful to use any encryption product purchased or in use prior to
such date."
GOVERNMENT POWERS: If prosecutors think you may be selling,
importing, or distributing non-backdoor'd crypto or are "about" to
do so, they can sue. "Upon the filing of the complaint seeking
injunctive relief by the Attorney General, the court shall
automatically issue a temporary restraining order against the party
being sued." Also, there are provisions for holding secret
hearings, and "public disclosure of the proceedings shall be
treated as contempt of court." You can request an advisory opinion
from the government to see if the program you're about to publish
violates the law.
ACCESS TO PLAINTEXT: Courts can issue orders, ex parte, granting
police access to your encrypted data. But all the government has to
do to get one is to provide "a factual basis establishing the
relevance of the plaintext" to an investigation. They don't have to
demonstrate probable cause, which is currently required for a
search warrant. More interestingly, this explicitly gives the FISA
court jurisdiction (yes, the secret court that has never denied a
request for a wiretap). If they decode your messages, they'll tell
you within 90 days.
GOVERNMENT PURCHASING: Federal government computer purchases must
use a key escrow "immediate decryption" backdoor after 1998. Same
with networks "purchased directly with Federal funds to provide the
security service of data confidentially." Such products can be
labeled "authorized for sale to U.S. government"
ENCRYPTION EXPORTS: The Defense & Commerce departments will control
exports of crypto. Software "without regard to strength" can be
exported if it includes a key escrow backdoor and is first
submitted to the government. Export decisions aren't subject to
judicial review, and the "president may by executive order waive
any provision of this act" if he thinks it's a threat to national
security. Within 15 days, he must send a classified briefing to
ADVISORY PANEL: Creates the Encryption Industry and Information
Security Board, with seven members from Justice, State, FBI, CIA,
White House, and six from the industry. INTERNATIONAL: The president can negotiate international agreements
and perhaps punish noncompliant governments. Can you say "trade
(Other provisions barring the use of crypto in a crime and
some forms of cryptanalysis are also in the bill.)
Next the Commerce Committee will vote on SAFE, and a former FBI
agent-turned-Congressman is vowing to ensure that similar language to this
is included. (The committees are voting on the bill in parallel, and a
four-person team of Congressmen is working to forge a compromise before
Commerce votes.) Then the heads of the five committees that have rewritten
the legislation will sit down and work out another compromise. If it's
acceptable to the House Rules committee -- and if the FBI/NSA get what
they want it will be -- the bill can move to the floor for a vote. That's why the encryption outlook in Congress is abysmal. Crypto-advocates
have lost, and lost miserably. A month ago, the debate was about export
controls. Now the battle is over how strict the //domestic// controls will
be. It's sad, really, that so many millions of lobbyist-dollars were not
only wasted, but used to advance legislation that has been morphed into a
truly awful proposal. I wrote more about this at:

@_date: 1997-09-12 23:00:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: In Defense of Libertarianism, from HotWired's Synapse 
HotWired - Synapse (
12 September 1997
In Defense of Libertarianism
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com) and Solveig Singleton (sberns at cato.org)
   Libertarianism, as a rule, attracts the most strident criticism from
   those who understand it the least. Expending little or no effort on
   research, critics barely familiar with libertarian ideas concoct an
   unappetizing stew of ideas - anarchism, egoism, and plain selfishness
   and greed - and mistakenly dub it libertarianism. Small surprise,
   then, that this ideological bouillabaisse tastes revolting. Such
   critics aren't describing libertarianism, but their own fanciful
   creation.
   Libertarianism is not about anarchy, utopia, or selfishness. Instead,
   libertarians simply are skeptical of "nanny government," and recognize
   the many ways state power has been abused in the past. They believe
   that government programs like health assistance, Social Security,
   foreign aid, and corporate welfare do more harm than good. They argue
   that everyone must be equal before the law, and everyone has human
   rights to personal security, to property, and to free speech that the
   government must protect, not violate.
   Synapse columnist Brooke Shelby Biggs recently suggested that such
   skepticism about authority is a sign of immaturity, asking us to
   remember how we felt about authority when we were 12. "Despite the
   fact that you knew exactly where everything was in your, uh ...
   alternatively organized bedroom, Mom still insisted you clean it up,"
   she writes. Eventually you grew out of it. Now you're an adult and can
   think for yourself. Or can you? Not according to nanny government.
   Together the left and the right conspire to dictate what you can eat,
   see, read, smoke, and talk about. Leftists contend that the state
   should regulate the economy (and technology), but not morality.
   Conservatives claim that the government should leave the economy
   alone, but should legislate what you're allowed to do online or in
   your bedroom. Only libertarians have a consistent philosophy: The
   state can't be trusted to screw around with the economy, to control
   your private life, or to police the Internet.
   Consider the recent bipartisan onslaughts against the Net. Democrats
   have been particularly unrelenting in their attacks. President Clinton
   endorsed the Communications Decency Act, signed it into law, then
   dragged the fight all the way to the Supreme Court. Ridiculously, he
   insists that Cold War-era restrictions on overseas shipments of
   encryption products are a good idea. Adding insult to injury, Clinton
   has backed copyright laws that would require Internet providers to
   police what their users talk about online. Then there are Clinton's
   demands for more and more wiretapping authority for the FBI - a plan
   that might have made even J. Edgar Hoover blush. (And this president
   once taught constitutional law?)
   Republicans have been just as censorship-happy. They, too, supported
   the CDA, which the Senate approved overwhelmingly. Even after the
   nation's highest court ruled such broad censorship unconstitutional,
   some GOP senators pledged to try again. Others are teaming up with the
   White House to make the Internet easily snoopable by spooks, expand
   government databases, issue national ID cards, and wrest away your
   privacy and freedom, one Social Security number at a time.

@_date: 1997-09-13 04:58:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Thanks from NIST 
Thanks for the warning about SAFE. I was too suspicious of the way
government works to send any supporting mail and now you have confirmed my

@_date: 1997-09-13 08:02:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Liberals and their tacit support for a national security state 
I don't know if I'd go that far. Though look at J. Edgar Hoover. Nixon
tried to fire him twice, asked him to come into the Oval Office for a
private meeting. Each time Hoover emerged unscathed, allegedly because of
the contents of his secret files.
The feeding frenzy and chaos in Washington after Hoover's death was, by
all accounts, amazing. Who would maintain control of his files?
(Ultimately, his secretary did. Shredded some, hid some of them in
Hoover's house.)

@_date: 1997-09-13 09:45:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Party on! A patent falls, and the Internet dances 
[Thanks to everyone who showed up to my patent celebration party last
Saturday. We had a lively -- even rambunctious -- mix of cypherpunks, Hill
staffers, Clinton administration officials, think tank and privacy folks,
reporters, and lobbyists. --Declan]
New York Times
September 6, 1997
A Patent Falls, and the Internet Dances
By PETER WAYNER
hen tyrants die, the people parade with the head on a
stick; when loved ones pass on in Ireland, the
families celebrate a life well-lived; but when patents
expire, they often slip away into the night.
different. This Saturday night a group of computer
scientists, Internet fanatics and Beltway politicos
will gather in Washington, D.C.; Silicon Valley; and
Boston to celebrate the end of the patent granted to
Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman for a way to
encrypt data.
The party will toast the beginning of the end of an
era when some of the greatest techniques for
encrypting information were controlled by a few
pivotal companies. The science of secret codes is
proving to be essential technology for securing the
Internet, and the techniques developed by Diffie and
Hellman are some of the most useful. Banks use them to
protect their money, companies use them to defend
against industrial espionage and parents use them to
protect their children against pedophiles and
pornographers trolling the Internet.
The patent granted to Diffie and Hellman is the first
of a group that emerged from scientists at Stanford
University and the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology during the end of the 1970's. On October 6,
patent 4,218,582 will expire. It was granted to
Hellman and Ralph Merkle, another graduate student at
the time, for a public key encryption system that was
later broken. The most famous patent, however, was
probably the one given to Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and
Len Adleman, who were all at MIT at the time. It will
last until September 20, 2000.

@_date: 1997-09-13 10:36:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Louis Freeh as boytoy 
"As a gay man, I wouldn't mind coming home to find Louis Freeh in my
bedroom -- but I can understand why others might be upset."
"If Louis Freeh weren't such a pig I'd pork him."
"Now I know why Bill Gates named his company MicroSoft."

@_date: 1997-09-15 03:55:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unSAFE won't pass? 
I agree with Will that we'll likely see shouting on the floor, but I'm
not as convinced on the timing.
Sure, it's incredibly unlikely that anything will pass both chambers this
year. But will it take 11 months? The sequence of events could look
something like this: By late September, the Commerce committee will vote on SAFE. By
mid-October, the committee chairs should have worked out a compromise
package. This goes to the Rules committee, chaired by Solomon. Until last
week he vowed to block SAFE. Now he'd like, I'm told, to get the FBI's
version to the floor immediately. There are, however, only so many slots
on the suspension calendar.
It's conceivable the House could vote on the bill this year, especially if
they leave town later than anticipated and only if the version is the
FBI's. (I think it's inconceivable that Goodlatte's version of SAFE could
get to the floor anytime soon.) Whether this happens or not will depend on
the Rules committee, the leadership -- and, most of all, behind-the-scenes
The Senate, however, appears to be taking much, much longer. But I think
that the national security/l.e. forces can move long before the end of
next summer.

@_date: 1997-09-15 04:05:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Today's meeting 
I agree with just about all of this. I do, however, think there's just
enough time for the NatSec/FBI version of SAFE to move to the floor. It
depends on how much effort the NSA/FBI want to expend. I wrote more about
this just now in the "Re: unSAFE won't pass?" thread.
True, Lott would seem to be opposed to the FBI's language. (At least he
was opposed to McCain-Kerrey's bill, which didn't go nearly as far.) As
for the coalition, the hope would seem to be in running print ads in
members' own home districts. Make them sweat.

@_date: 1997-09-15 21:14:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: EPIC and PI Charge US Violates Intl Crypto Agreement 
Press Release.
Privacy Groups Criticize United States Crypto Policy.
Charge US Violation of International Agreement.
Brussels - Two leading privacy organizations said today that the United
States cryptography policy violates an international agreement reached
earlier this year by more than two dozen countries at the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development.
The Electronic Privacy Information Center and Privacy International said
that recent legislative proposals introduced in the United States to
establish controls on the use of data scrambling technology are contrary to
the principles adopted by the OECD and should be withdrawn.
Marc Rotenberg, the director of EPIC and a member of the expert panel that
drafted the guidelines, said that "the OECD framework is based on the
voluntary, market-driven development of encryption products and services.
The Guidelines emphasize the importance of privacy protection and the need
for careful assessment of any key escrow proposal. Their  were specifically
intended to remove technical and legal obstacles to the use of
cryptography. But the US policy now points in exactly  the opposite
direction -- extensive government regulation, little regard for privacy,
and the rapid development of key escrow techniques regardless of the
Mr. Rotenberg said that the OECD member countries considered and explicitly
rejected the US recommendation that cryptography policy be based on law
enforcement access to private communications. "That proposal was turned
down by the OECD member countries. The United States accepted the judgment
of the OECD and endorsed the final recommendations. The U.S. should now
honor its commitment," said Mr. Rotenberg.
Simon Davies, Director General of Privacy International, said "The rush to
encourage technologies for communications surveillance comes at exactly the
wrong time. Illegal wiretapping is on the rise around the world.
Dissidents, political opponents, journalists, and human rights organizers
are most often the targets."
The current issue of the International Privacy Bulletin includes a review
of worldwide privacy abuses in 1996. Electronic surveillance features
prominently in the report. The review is based on "The Country Reports for
Human Rights Practices," prepared annually by the U.S. State Department.
Mr. Rotenberg and Mr. Davies said that the U.S. policy now stands as the
single greatest barrier to the development of tools to protect privacy and
security on the Internet.
The statement was made at a conference this week in Belgium, hosted by
Privacy International and EPIC, on "Cryptography and the Internet:
Developing Privacy and Security Policy for the European Information
Society."  Participants from more than twenty countries attended the event.
The Electronic Privacy Information Center is a civil liberties
organizations, based in Washington, DC. Privacy International is a human
rights organization concerned with privacy, surveillance and data
protection issues worldwide. It is based in London. Both organizations are
members of the Global Internat Liberty Campaign.
WEB RESOURCES
 o EPIC [
 o Privacy International [
 o Global Internet Liberty Campaign [
 o Brussels Cryptography Conference
      [
 o OECD Cryptography Policy Guidelines
      [
CONTACT (15-17 September)
 Marc Rotenberg, EPIC (Brussels +32 2 227 05 05, voicemail +1 202 298 0824)
 Simon Davies, PI (Brussels +32 2 513 29 73)

@_date: 1997-09-16 00:56:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feinstein for governor! Good news for the US, bad news for CA 
*26  CALIFORNIA:  LAYING THE GROUNDWORK FOR NOT RUNNING?
her political future, spoke glowingly of the chance to return
home" as the state's next gov., calling it a "very attractive"
possibility. "At the same time, Feinstein said she enjoys her
work in the Senate more than ever before and that her
'effectiveness can grow on a national level'" if she remains in
DC.  Throughout the 45-minute interview with the San Francisco
Chronicle, Feinstein "appeared deeply torn over her choice. Despite the urgings of some fellow Democrats to speed her
decision, Feinstein said it may be several months before she
declares her intentions. ... The key conflict appears to be
Feinstein's interest in becoming governor versus her reluctance
to endure a grueling campaign."  Were she to run, Feinstein said
the "cornerstone of her campaign would be a plan to fundamentally
restructure elementary education."  At the same time, Feinstein
"sees her effectiveness building in the Senate": "I actually like
the Senate much more now than I did initially.  I'm more
accustomed to its eclectic proceedings and rules and think I can
work on both sides of the aisle."  The legal filing deadline to
enter the 6/2/98 primary is 2/9/98, "and Feinstein said that if
she chooses to run, she could wait until the last moment to
file."  Feinstein "brushed aside the notion that uncertainty
surrounding her candidacy is freezing the field": "It's unrelated
to me.  There's plenty of time. ... It is important at this stage
that there be a strong Democratic governor with a sense of where
this state needs to go.  And it doesn't necessarily have to be
me" (Sandalow, 9/12).

@_date: 1997-09-16 05:52:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Americans flunk constitutional quiz (fwd) 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Pop quiz: How many U.S. senators are there?
survey on the U.S. Constitution released Monday. And two in five don't
know there are three branches of government, let alone what they are.
was signed 210 years ago this Wednesday, said the results were
determines what we do," said Rendell, chairman of the National
Constitution Center, created by Congress in 1988 to increase awareness of
the document. "Every day, issues important and central to us as people and
government are affected by the Constitution."
           called?
           Representatives?
percent); 2. Philadelphia (61 percent); 3. the Bill of Rights (66
percent); 4. the Preamble (55 percent); 5. three (58 percent); 6. 100 (48
percent); 7. six years (43 percent); 8. 435 (23 percent); 9. two years (45
percent); 10. the president (70 percent).

@_date: 1997-09-17 04:34:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cool high-tech toys -- the benefits of being press 
(Too bad I can't go -- unless someone wants to give me a ride to the
"night demonstration" --Declan)
media day at the Force Protection Equipment Demonstration at Quantico,
featuring exhibits more than 400 commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) force
protection and security products.
demonstration at C-3 Demo range, and ballistics and non-lethal weapons
demonstrations at Range 3A, with return to airfield at 4:30 p.m.
devices and illumination equipment at the Murphy Demo Area, with
transportation from the airfield at 7 p.m., with return at 9:30 p.m.

@_date: 1997-09-17 05:47:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court proceedings under new SAFE act 
Not that I know of, though I do know that U.S. District Court Judge Joyce
Green served on the FISA court for seven years.
Background: The 1978 Foreign Intelligence Survelliance Act established a
special, secret court of current Federal district court judges. They
approve warrants in secret hearings, with no opposing attorneys present.
The judges are required to be available 24 hours a day for emergency
hearings. Some happen in the middle of the night in the judge's home.

@_date: 1997-09-19 06:27:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ALERT: On Monday, call Congress to stop Big Brother amendment! 
I just got off a phone with an industry lobbyist. The conversation went
something like this.
"Can there be a compromise?" I asked. "I don't think there can be one that
will satisfy all three or four parties involved." (I was thinking: law
enforcement, national security, business, and privacy interests.)
The answer: "I don't think compromise is the right word. But we need to
give something to law enforcement."

@_date: 1997-09-19 06:43:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New Computer Security Act 
I must be confused. I don't think even AF1 is that fast. Make that two
hours with the time difference.

@_date: 1997-09-19 08:07:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
Sure, not all DC politicans are idiots. Most are damn smart. All are
cunning. But just because they understand the technology doesn't mean
they're going to vote the right way.
In fact, I could see Tim May arguing if they understand the implications of
crypto, they'll //definitely// vote the wrong way.
Sure, you got //someone's// attention. From an $18,000-a-year
just-out-of-college staffer who lives in a group house in Arlington, VA
with three other people who gets paid to answer phones, open letters,
address envelopes, and reply to email. You think it was "a a personal reply
from a Senator?" Not a chance.
Sure, but educated people still have to pander to get elected, and to get
money to get elected. Civil liberties are anti-majoritarian by their very
nature; they and legislatures are enemies.
So they have well-informed staffers. So what?
Senator Leahy is also the fellow who brokered the Digital Telephony deal
that ensures all are phone conversations are readily wiretappable by the
Feds. And his wacky criminal copyright proposals. And what about his crypto
bill that encourages a key escrow infrastructure? With "friends" like him
who "see the light..."
Not quite. Even if they have it, it is (a) difficult to vote against
national security and child porn and (b) even more difficult to get
anywhere in this town if you offend law enforcement, national security, or
the defense communities. Let alone all three.
Besides, they've had the NRC report for a year and a half. It's hardly in
favor of mandatory key escrow rules, and it's co-authored by some spooks.
Think that changed anything? Guess again.
Hear, hear!
Washington, DC

@_date: 1997-09-19 08:40:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Israeli authorities censor book, confiscate copies (fwd) 
I am a journalism teacher and an editor in Israel. A friend of mine, Captain Mike Eldar, Israeli Navy (Ret) asked me 18 months ago to edit an autobiography and a book he wrote. During 1997, both books were published and suppressed by the Israeli military.
Please, help us to fight brutal censorship in Israel. Support freedom even in this remote part of the Middle East.
Eviathar H. Ben-Zedeff
Department of Communication
Haifa University
Mt Carmel, Haifa, Israel

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:10:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: On crypto -- "The Grand Compromise is Coming" 
Tim wasn't entirely correct in June. McKain-Kerrey isn't the most extreme,
reprehensible bill: That honor goes to the Oxley amendment and the SAFE
version that Intelligence approved. (They would ban the manufacture,
distribution of non-backdoored crypto.) This is the danger of entrusting
our civil liberties to legislatures, which are inherently anti-civil
libertarian. No new legislation is better than bad new legislation.
Something close to McCain-Kerrey could well emerge as the "Grand Compromise."
[A House international relations subcommittee this afternoon approved Rep.
Goodlatte's SAFE bill by a 14-1 vote, with some amendments. Rep. Doug
Bereuter (R-Neb.) voted against it on "national security" grounds. Details
to follow. --Declan]
The terrible, terrible S.909 McCain-Kerrey bill is probably a negotiating
card in the coming Grand Compromise.
When even editorial writers for the Establishment Papers are against it,
when industry is against it so vocally, it won't pass the full Congress.
But it will have served its purpose.
It will make many groups _satisfied_ to reach "a compromise we can all live
with." The various cyber-rights [sic] groups will probably trumpet this as
a victory, as "the best we could get."
Somewhere between SAFE, a bad bill, and McCain-Kerrey, a reprehensible
bill, lies the Grand Compromise.
I reject it all.
--Tim May
There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of laws.
Only one response to the key grabbers is warranted: "Death to Tyrants!"
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at got.net  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."
Yes.  The tactic will be to use S.909 in negotiation to represent a 'fair'
government-oriented solution.   Then 'compromise' with a 'balanced'
deal which includes all that the government really wants, with a few
of the more onerous bits taken out of S.909 as 'compromise'.
As Declan notes, Congress is driven to compromise.  The
government side can propose ever more draconian laws in order to
engineer the 'compromise' to whatever it wants.  On the other side, we
are stuck, because we have been asking for things that we really want, not
bargaining chips.  Even if we were to ask for bargaining chips that
are more than we really want, how much further than completely free
crypto can you go?    The government wins any game of compromise because
it can push its side as far as it wants, then demand that we meet halfway.
They will make it out as a victory ("send us more money") but in
reality it'll just be a little less of a defeat.
The rejectionist stance has the presumption that, if unwatched, the
government will pass a law so onerous that the people will rise up
in protest.  Unfortunately I don't think Americans will rise up in
protest over _anything_ any more.  Certainly not over basic freedoms.
                   Eric Murray  ericm at lne.com
  Network security and encryption consulting.    PGP keyid:E03F65E5

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:12:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton speaks at Air Force, NSA birthday 
Widnall, General Eberhart, Chaplain Dendinger, Chief Benkin.  To the
Air Force Band, the Air Force Academy Cadet Chorale, the friends and
families, especially the men and women of the United States Air
Force.  I'm delighted to be here as we celebrate this 50th
anniversary of the best Air Force in the world.
party.  Actually, I thank you for having me.  Ever since I turned 50
myself, I've been looking for all the company I can find.
(Laughter.) And since I can't run for office anymore, Secretary
Cohen, I'm glad to come here and have this crowd you raised
for me.  I appreciate it very much.  (Laughter.)
the crucible of World War II, we faced a political and military
landscape that had been forever changed.  Our European allies were
devastated, the Iron Curtain was descending, the values for which we
had fought so dearly seemed under siege from Europe to Asia.  At that
moment, only the United States had the strength to uphold the
struggle for freedom around the world.  And though our people were
eager to turn their energies back home, we rose to the awesome
responsibility at hand, creating the institutions that would protect
our security and promote the cause of liberty and peace, and
eventually enable us to prevail in the Cold War and enjoy the
conditions that exist today, when, for the first time in human
history, more than one-half the people on this planet live under
governments of their own choosing.
struggle came to life: the Central Intelligence Agency, the National
Security Council, the Department of Defense, and the United States
Air Force.  For the record, I think it should be noted that President
Truman signed this act aboard his so-called "Sacred Cow," the C-54
presidential aircraft that served back then as Air Force One.  In
case you're wondering, President Truman was just like me --he didn't
have an escape pod on his plane either.  (Laughter.) I might say, as
long as the Air Force is flying me, I don't feel the need for a way
out.  (Applause.)
without peer, thanks to the extraordinary men and women who serve in
it.  Your soaring spirit, your dedication, your skill have helped
America to master the skies.  You've made us more secure.  You've
made the world a safer place.
seen your compassion and sacrifice in time of peace.  We have seen
the around-the-clock flights of the Berlin airlift.  We saw you in
MiG Alley in Korea.  We saw the longest humanitarian airlift in
history during the war in Bosnia.  We saw you in the skies over
Baghdad in Desert Storm.  And just a few days ago, we saw the nine
crew members of the C-141 perish off the coast of Africa after
carrying a team of experts to help support our de-mining efforts in
development of the air expeditionary forces that give me an
invaluable tool in times of crisis, to last week's deployment of
Commando Solo aircraft to help prevent the enemies of peace in Bosnia
from sabotaging the Dayton Agreement.
your technological age to dominate the battlefields of the future.
And perhaps most important, we see in the 12 outstanding Airmen of
the Year the best traditions, the best hope and the brightest future
of the Air Force -- the leadership and talent and dedication that
make you second to none.
them and proud of all of you who serve in the United States Air
Force. (Applause.) To the pilots, the flight crews, the Red Horse
engineers, the technicians, the security police, the space and
missile operators -- all who contribute to the strength of America in
the skies, and to all the families who support you, our nation is
profoundly grateful.
of achievement.  But as you know better than anyone, there is never a
day of rest.  We pay tribute to the last 50 years with a
determination to look to our Air Force men and women to help us meet
the challenges of the next 50 years.  We know we can always count on
you; we always have.  Aim high and reach for new horizons.

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:14:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ALERT: On Monday, call Congress to stop Big Brother amendment! 
But wait... The version of SAFE "as is" contains the ***FIRST EVER***
domestic restrictions on encryption! Why should it be passed intact? For
the sake of Beltway politicking and deal-cutting?
It includes very, very troubling severe criminal penalties for the use of
encryption in a crime. When encryption is in everything from light switches
to door knobs, any crime will include crypto, no? It would be like
criminalizing "breathing air in the commission of a crime..."
Why not just say "stop SAFE altogether?" No new laws are better than bad
new laws. And even if the crypto-in-a-crime provisions are yanked, SAFE may
be a bad bill. I wrote about this in June:
                      "Please, do no harm here. Let's keep what we won,"
           says Cindy Cohn, one of the lawyers mounting an
           EFF-sponsored court challenge to the White House's
           export rules. So far that effort has been successful: A
           federal judge ruled last December that the line-by-line
           instructions in a computer program are "speech" and
           restrictions on overseas shipments violate the First
           Amendment.
           Cohn argues that both Rep. Bob Goodlatte's (R-Va.)
           SAFE bill and Sen. Conrad Burns' (R-Mont.) ProCODE
           bill could do more harm than good. She says they might
           not even help her client, a university professor who wants
           to discuss encryption without going to jail. "What effect
           would SAFE or ProCODE have? Either none or a
           detrimental one," Cohn said on Monday at a conference
           organized by the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
Why are these organizations -- CDT, VTW, Wired, EFF, ATR -- urging it be
passed intact, as is? Why should Americans give up their rights so business
can make more money on encryption exports?
(Not speaking for anyone but myself, of course.)

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:44:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
Yeah, well, you probably got a form letter( they have lots of form
letters). If it was an original reply, a middle-level or senior-level
staffer okayed it.
No, it indicates they want to appear to be friends of the Net so they can
pick up some bucks from lobbyists and high tech firms.
Votes count more than 10K GIFs.
As many have pointed out it depends on the way the polls is phrased.
"Should convicted child molesters have unbreakable crypto?" Ban it now! As
for the SJR-29, your do have a good point. The tide is turning. But it'll
take years, and the battle is happening in Congress now. Defeat for
crypto-proponents is at hand...
The classified briefings include NSA, CIA, DEA, and FBI. Some are
restricted, codeword-only. There are multiple levels. I've been finding
out more but I'm working on a long-term article about this so I won't post
anything now.

@_date: 1997-09-19 11:08:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-ban will pass Commerce cmte next week, from Reuters 
Attached below is a Reuters article on how the House Commerce committee is
about to approve an amendment banning the distribution of encryption
products without a government backdoor. The Commerce committee would then
join the Intelligence committee, which approved a similar measure last week.
I generally agree with Aaron's (who wrote the article) take on the
situation. Late this evening some lobbyists called me to promise some good
news tomorrow, but momentum is clearly against them. After the full
committee vote next Thursday, some sort of compromise legislation will
likely go to the House floor -- at least if the leadership lets it. It's
unclear whether that would happen this year or not.
So much for the millions of dollars industry wasted on crypto-lobbying. The
lobbyists (and high-tech executives) should have realized long ago that
legislatures often are enemies of civil liberties. Civil liberties are
anti-majoritarian, and usually unpopular, by their very nature. Look at
what happened with the CDA -- it took the Supreme Court to undo Congress'
bad work.
Also, I recently spoke with Rep. Michael Oxley (R-Ohio), a former FBI
agent, who's on the House Commerce committee that will consider SAFE next
week. A version of his amendment that will be introduced is at:
  I wrote about crypto-compromises recently at:
  Attached is an excerpt from my conversation with Oxley...
IS THERE A COMPROMISE IN THE WORKS?
WOULD YOU TAKE SEN. KYL'S LEAD AND MOVE TO BAN NOT
JUST THE DISTRIBUTION, BUT THE //USE// OF ENCRYPTION
WITHOUT A KEY RECOVERY FEATURE?
WOULD YOU INTRODUCE THE INTELLIGENCE DRAFT?
HAS YOUR EXPERIENCE AS AN FBI AGENT SENSITIZED YOU TO
LOUIS FREEH'S ARGUMENTS?
U.S. encryption bill inspires little give and take
    By Aaron Pressman
   WASHINGTON, Sept 18 (Reuter) - Like many who have tried to broach a
compromise on the knotty issue of regulating computer encoding technology,
members of the House Commerce Committee are finding their negotiation
efforts futile, people involved said on Thursday.
   With talks deadlocked, the committee is likely to vote next week on
virtually the same amendments that would have been considered previously,
and most participants said a restrictive proposal favored by
law-enforcement agencies would carry the day.
   An essential means of safeguarding communications and electronic
commerce over the Internet, encryption products scramble information and
render it unreadable without a password or software "key."
   Barring a surprise change in momentum, the committee will likely approve
 an amendment from Rep. Mike Oxley, Republican of Ohio, to impose
restrictions for the first time on domestic sales and distribution of
encryption products, staffers and lobbyists said.
   "He has the votes," said an industry lobbyist opposed to Oxley's
amendment. "To call this negotiation is kind of a joke."
   Oxley's staff also conceded that talks were not proving fruitful. "We're
 negotiating with the other side, but I don't think there's a lot of middle
 ground here," Oxley spokeswoman Peggy Peterson said.
   One week ago, the committee postponed a vote on a bill by Virginia
Republican Bob Goodlatte that was originally intended to relax strict U.S.
export limits on encryption and prohibit mandatory backdoor access for the
   The Republican leadership gave the committee two weeks to find an
approach that would be acceptable to law enforcement and national security
agencies on one side, and software companies, civil libertarians and
Internet users on the other.
   Rep. Rick White, Republican of Washington, and Rep. Ed Markey, Democrat
of Massachusetts, had prepared an amendment requiring a study on backdoor
access technologies but their proposal has not attracted much support from
the FBI or the leadership of the committee.
   "Language can be changed but at the end of the day, it doesn't get law
enforcement on board," one staffer said.
   FBI Director Louis Freeh has repeatedly told lawmakers to adopt
restrictions forcing encryption manufacturers to include features allowing
law enforcers to decode any message covertly. Freeh said without such a
law, criminals and terrorists would increasingly use encryption to thwart
FBI surveillance.
   Software companies counter that adding such features may be impossible
and would reduce the level of security provided to legitimate citizens and
businesses seeking to safeguard their communications. And civil
libertarians said the FBI proposal would permit an Orwellian intrusion of
government snooping into everyone's private affairs.
   Domestic restrictions like those in the Oxley amendment were added to
the original bill by the Select Committee on Intelligence in a classified
session last week.
   A few days earlier, the National Security Committee gutted the export
relaxation provisions drafted by Goodlatte and replaced them with export
limits tighter than current rules.
Thursday, 18 September 1997 18:06:50
RTRS [nN18296706]

@_date: 1997-09-19 11:55:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-Grams #1-#4, from Americans for Tax Reform 
[From Jim Lucier and Americans for Tax Reform. These have been faxed to the
Hill all week, a different one each day. --Declan]
Attention, House Commerce Committee: Send this email
to a friend in France, and you both could go to jail
print pack"C*",split/\D+/,`echo"16iII*o\U
The above two lines of code in the perl computer
language implement the world-standard RSA encryption
algorithm.  They can handle an arbitrarily long
key-length and encrypt a file of any size. Therefore,
these 147 keystrokes constitute an ITAR-controlled
munitions item for export purposes. A popular T-shirt
at computer conventions has a similar version of RSA
in machine readable bar-code form.  The T-shirt is a
munition too.
Sending this code in an email to a friend in France
constitutes a go-to-jail federal offense for
"exporting" a munitions item. Your friend in France
may run afoul of local laws that ban cryptography
except as approved by the French government.
Fortunately, you are perfectly legal if you just write
the code on a postcard.
The fact is, it requires no great programming skill to
write tiny programs that produce very powerful
encryption.  There^"s one web site we know of that has
about a dozen^oand an ongoing contest to see who can
write the smallest one.  Over the next few days,
Americans for Tax Reform will share with you some
interesting encryption facts.  On Friday, we will tell
you where to find the "tiny encryption" contest.
If you took math at the middle school level and had
access to a published algorithm, you could possibly
write your own encryption program.  The math is little
more exotic than multiplication, prime numbers,
factoring, and a little modular arithmetic, all of
which were SAT questions.  The basic principle is that
multiplying two large prime numbers together is easy,
whereas factoring their product to find the original
input is hard.  This is the one-way function that
makes public key cryptography possible.
For a more complicated explanation with real
mathematical notation, see the account published by
Peter Wayner in the September 6 New York Times Cyber
Times.  Or you can get a textbook such as Bruce
Schneier^"s Applied Cryptography, which is on the
shelf at Border^"s Bookstore in downtown Washington,
DC. The bottom line is that public key encryption is
no secret and has not been for quite some time.
Trying to ban or control it serves no purpose.  You
might as well ban arithmetic.
The House should pass H.R. 695, the Security and
Freedom through Encryption (SAFE) Act, as approved by
the Judiciary and International Relations Committees.
The other bills need a reality check. Their
mathematics simply does not add up. For more
information on cryptography, see Wayner^"s very
accessible column in the New York Times Cyber Times at
his July 29 New York Times op-ed about how the Framers
of our Nation used cryptography, and his excellent
reporting generally. Attention, House Commerce Committee--Crypto-Gram Bit length is irrelevant for export control purposes?
the real test is prevailing market standards
Yesterday we disclosed that strong cryptography
requires about the same level of skill from a computer
programmer that building a hot rod requires from an
auto mechanic-which is to say that any bright and
industrious 19-year-old with cheap tools and a greasy
set of Chilton's manuals can do it. What the final
product lacks in finesse and aesthetic judgment, it
more than makes up for in brute power.
Another thing we pointed out is that bit-length used
in any cryptographic system is independent of the
underlying algorithm.  The code fragment we presented
yesterday works equally well with 40, 128, 1024, 2048,
and even 4096-bit keys.  The only practical limit is
where key lengths get too cumbersome to handle
This is not to put the strength of 1024-bit crypto,
which is very secure, on the same level as 40-bit
crypto, which is clearly not secure.  Indeed, these
days 40-bit crypto could theoretically be defeated by
a well-planned high school science project
incorporating a handful of $20 Field Programmable Gate
Array (FPGA) chips.  (Parents of boy and girl scouts
seeking electronics merit badges, take note.)
The point is that anyone who can write 40-bit crypto
into an application can just as easily write in 80 or
128-bit crypto.  Either key length can work with
exactly the same code. Thus by limiting key-lengths
for export to 40 or even 56 bits, we do not prevent
foreigners from learning the "secrets" of programming
for longer key lengths.  If foreigners can program any
crypto at all, they can already program any key length
they want.
So what limits key length for export purposes?  Market
choice.  The computer world is already standardizing
itself around 128-bit key lengths for several reasons.
 First, in binary terms, 128 bits is a round number.
Second, given current technology, experts feel that 70
to 90 bits is about the range necessary to guarantee
security without become unwieldy.  Finally, looking
toward the future the market discounts current
standards to account for rapid technological growth
and possible surprises. Therefore 128 bits is what
buyers want and suppliers offer.
The Trusted Information Systems Website (
lists 1,393 sources of cryptography worldwide and many
of the most popular are 128-bit. Siemens-Nixdorf,
Brokat, and Expresso are all examples of popular
European technology that computers with American
products.  The Europeans are perfectly capable of
selling and creating 128, 256, and 512-bit
cryptography on their own if buyers want it.  If this
is where the market is going, Americans should supply
the products first.
Attention, Members of Congress from Ohio-Crypto-gram
 You need the SAFE Act to Protect Your Phone
Cell phone communications are not secure. Any idiot
would-be felon with a few hundred bucks and a modified
Radio Shack police band scanner can intercept your
calls and tape them for the New York Times-or the
London tabloids, as both England's Prince Charles and
Princess Diana learned to their sorrow.
Another big problem with cell phones is the cloning of
numbers-when again modified police band scanners
intercept non-encrypted analog cell phone numbers and
steal the electronic identity (plus billing
information) of the unwary caller.  The thousands of
telephone numbers stolen daily in this way give
criminals an unlimited supply of cell phone numbers
which they can use for free and switch rapidly to
avoid detection.  This is perhaps the biggest criminal
telecommunications problem there is.  There are three
solutions.  First, pass more federal laws against it,
which is ineffective. Second, put anti-cloning chips
in cell phone handsets, which works until someone rips
out the chips and solders over them.  Or third, switch
to digital cell phones with encrypted signals. This
stops the problem cold.
Major U.S. manufacturers and designers make dandy
digital cell phones, but they can't export their best
products to fast-growing markets like Hong Kong
because selling U.S.-made phones equivalent to the
most popular cell phones already in use in Hong Kong
would violate U.S. export controls.  So the U.S.
manufacturers, including one also in the email
business, largely have to stay home and watch the
competition make money.
But wait, there is more:  even your best U.S. digital
cell phone has a hole in it because the dumbed-down
encryption mandated by the U.S. government happens to
be flawed. You are probably okay with the cell phone
of your choice, but you can't be sure.
Your political speech is literally on line with the
encryption debate-plus your personal business, your
financial records, and your medical information. It's
impossible to build a mandatory backdoor into all
communications with a sign on it that says "Uncle Sam
with a search arrant only."  If criminals know the
backdoor is there, they will certainly discover where
it is, what it looks like, and how to kick it down.
Other countries, such as France, with a stronger
tradition of wiretapping than that of the U.S., are
given to full-blown political scandals when
collaboration between state-owned telephone companies
and national intelligence services puts transcripts of
sensitive conversations in papers like Le Monde. Just
ask Charles Pasqua, who is not now President of France
or a holder of high office due to precisely such an
instance.  Published reports have suggested that the
Charles and Diana tapes resulted from security
services checking up on the Royals.
Mr. Oxley from Ohio defends his dubious amendments to
the Security and Freedom through Encryption (SAFE) Act
on the basis that he simply wishes to defend the type
of wiretaps he performed in his previous line of
business.  The problem is, Mr. Oxley does not
represent the FBI in Congress;  he represents the
people of Ohio, digital and analog cell phone users
alike. They may have different views.
On the 210th Anniversary of the U.S.
Constitution--Crypto-gram  Celebrate the
Constitution's Birthday:  Pass SAFE
George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison,
and the Founding Fathers routinely wrote letters in
code.  This is because in Colonial times letters were
often intercepted, just as emails and cellular
telephone calls are today.  Jefferson actually des
igned his own encryption machine, using a method
considered ingenious and effective even today. With
company like this, it is no wonder that top
libertarian and conservative opinion leaders are
speaking out on encryption:
"? We have a First and Fourth Amendment Right to speak
in a manner of our own choosing and to be secure from
government searches.  Just as we have the right to
speak in Spanish and Greek as well as in English on
our computers, we have a right to speak in code on our
computer or on our cell phone so that our messages
will be private."  Phyllis Schlafly, Washington Times
August 12 1997.
"Congress should pass the SAFE Act sponsored by Rep.
Bob Goodlatte and a host of Democrats and other
Republicans.  This bill is critical to protecting
privacy on the Internet and to thwarting theft and
industrial espionage?  But Washington is gumming up t
he works.  The Feds fear effective encryption because
it might hobble their finding ways to tax on-line
commerce."  Steve Forbes, "Fact and Comment," Forbes
Magazine, April 21, 1997.
"Now the Clinton Administration and supporters of S.
909 are doing their best to require that U.S. users of
strong encryption give law enforcement officers access
to their keys via a "key recovery" system. They might
just as well demand that every family give the federal
government a copy of the house keys, just in case the
government ever needs them." Solveig Bernstein, Cato
Institute, Washington Times, July 19, 1997.
"Nothing could be more perverse than to turn the power
of the digital era to empower individuals into a more
invasive means of government surveillance and control.
 I believe that the Administration's positions will
not withstand Constitutional challenge. The question
to ask is why ?we should waste our time and money
pursuing something that, in a Jeffersonian sense, is
so patently un-American and which, in the practical
sense of Moore's Law, is simply wrong."   George A.
Keyworth, II, former Science Advi ser to President
Reagan, Progress and Freedom Foundation, Commerce
Committee Testimony, September 4, 1997.
The SAFE Act simply affirms traditional American
Constitutional principles that Americans should be
free 'in their persons and possessions from
unreasonable searches and seizures,' and they should
be allowed to conduct their legal business with a
minimum of interference from the state.  These are
indeed truths which we should hold self-evident."
Grover Norquist, Americans for Tax Reform, Judiciary
Committee Testimony, March 20, 1997.   Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-20 08:37:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: McCain on the radio, 9/22 
He's probably going to dance around his non-presidential bid.
and congressional pay raises. Guests: Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.
NBC's "Meet the Press" - Topics: Tobacco deal and campaign finance reform.
Guests: Former Surgeon General C. Everett Koop, tobacco industry negotiator
J. Phil Carlton and Sens. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, John McCain, R-Ariz.,
Russell Feingold, D-Wis., and Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.

@_date: 1997-09-20 09:07:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-opponent senator to run for president? 
[Sen. McCain, chair of Senate Commerce, is dancing around the idea of
running for president. Folks who are interested in privacy may remember
that he was more than slightly involved in the McCain-Kerrey bill. His
committee approved it, which derailed pro-crypto legislation in the
Senate. Not only that, he seems to be holding onto the bill (not reporting
it) to prevent any other committees from improving it. Judiciary in
particular would like to consider it. Note they wouldn't make it a
Sen. John McCain's (R-AZ) mouth at a 9/19 luncheon with political
reporters "alluded to his running for higher office."  Noting
that he had "slimmed down," McCain joked: "Anyone who wants to be
emperor has to do that, and I'd much prefer that than president." McCain "acknowledged" that "he is positioning himself
ideologically somewhere between" NC Sen. Jesse Helms and ex-MA
Gov. Bill Weld (9/19).
"Washington Journal": "I was asked if I was considering running
for President of the United States and I said exactly what I've
been saying for a long time now, exactly that.  I said I will
examine the option in 1998. ... I don't have a PAC, I don't have
a committee, I don't have an organization.  I don't have any of
the accouterments that go to a presidential campaign and I don't
intend to have one unless I decide to run" (9/19).
running for president?  "Nightly," he jokes.  McCain "says the
one-word description of his candidacy is 'impractical.'  He reels
off complications," from his Senate race, late start and
opposition to ethanol subsidies to his support for MFN for China;
"from the risque past he knows would arise in a national campaign
to his sense that Americans do not long for 'something different
than the standard politician'" (9/19).

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:23:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rep. Loretta Sanchez Hits Crypto Controls 
Those were the earlier estimates, based on legislation that did not include
mandatory GAK. I wrote about the latest CBO estimate, based on mandatory
GAK, in this week's Time Magazine.
Declan McCullagh
Washington Correspondent, The Netly News Network, Reporter, Time Magazine,

@_date: 1997-09-22 21:01:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
There is, I'm told by reliable sources, a forthcoming Cato Institute report
on electronic privacy that will help put this in perspective -- and
buttress my and Tim's position. Someone from the Competitive Enterprise
Institute, too, took this stance during a bunch of panels at the FTC June
privacy hearings that Will and I attended.
Simply put, you do not have any right to know when people are talking about
you behind their back. It happens all the time and, even though people may
not like it, it is a staple of society.
I spent the weekend in West Virginia, where folks are more than happy to
gossip with (and about) their neighbors. Nobody would try to shut them up
through force of law. This principle does not disappear when the
information being shared is digital.

@_date: 1997-09-23 00:04:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
Which law, specifically, would gossiping with (or about) your neighbors
And yes, some of the "half-dozen or so privacy laws already on the books"
are misguided. Just as many argue laws against drugs, gambling, or
FCC rules prohibiting the broadcast of "indecent" material are also
unconstitutional -- and a waste of our police's time.
The problem is, I suspect, in drawing that line. Want to try your hand in
drawing a line outlining the scope of "obscenity" laws? Remember they
cover textual material in some states and comics in others. No? I didn't
think so. I don't think the issue is whether or not individuals should "care" about
others talking about them behind their back. I think the question is how
to address it: through the force of law or not. I may not want to shut up
the Net-Nazis through the force of law (I would argue against it), but I
would certainly "care" what they say and speak out against it myself. Not all wrongs can be solved through the law.

@_date: 1997-09-23 05:45:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Arab youths bypass government's CyberPatrol Net-censorship 
Internet. He easily sidesteps government attempts to block access to the
pornographic sites that have lured him and other young Arabs to the
"information superhighway."
20-year-old who scoffs at the struggles of conservative Arab governments to
police cyberspace.
Persian Gulf are becoming like Western parents trying to keep pornography
away from children.
strict Islamic societies, where women cover in black veils outside their
houses and public mingling between the sexes is discouraged.
magazines arrive with pages torn out and photos of women inked over in
black to hide even a hint of cleavage.
in some cases politics - grows louder. All the region's Arab states but
one, impoverished Yemen, which cannot afford an effort to police the Web,
are working to limit access to Internet sites.
United Arab Emirates, set up software blockades after government officials
complained about free access to the Web. A "proxy cache server" cuts out
sites deemed offensive by Etisalat, which is partly owned by the government.
service, said some attempts at censorship get ridiculous.
keywords such as nude, sex and breast. So if you're interested in getting
access to information about Middlesex county in the United Kingdom,
research about breast cancer or - a chicken breast recipe, you cannot," he
material on the Internet virtually unchallenged.
on condition only his first name was used, is evidence the system doesn't
work. Clicking his mouse, he moved through a series of sites and soon he's
looking at naked women and pornographic video images, complete with sound
thwarts an Arab taboo almost as strong as that against pornography -
talking to enemy Israel.
with people in Israel. Its very interesting for me to exchange thoughts and
opinions with the people I was brought up to view as my enemies," said
Robert, a 24-year-old sales executive based in Dubai.
in the region, but I think that is part of getting to know each other."
diplomatic ties to Israel. The other countries have no telecommunications
or mail links to the Jewish state, but e-mail via the Internet sidesteps
however, using such software as "Cyber Patrol" and "Net Nanny."
access to proscribed Internet sites.
countries, has yet to officially join the cyberspace age. It has set up a
committee to oversee the introduction, but - with the wide range of Saudi
taboos - few expect the Internet to soon enter everyday life in the kingdom.
scandalous Internet sites. Saudis who can afford it make long-distance
telephone calls to dial up Internet networks in other countries, mainly in
the Emirates and Bahrain, but also in Britain.
Emirates' Etisalat has 20,000 subscribers and an estimated 100,000 users.
Internet cafes have opened in Oman and Qatar and in Dubai, one of the seven
states in the Emirates.
condition of anonymity to avoid offending government and religious leaders,
conceded that access to offensive material on the Internet could not be
completely blocked. But he insisted it could be controlled.
Mohammed, manager at an Internet cafe in Qatar. "They are not interested in

@_date: 1997-09-23 13:18:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Coalition letter opposing Oxley amendment -- from Apple to USWest 
This is an encouraging letter, especially given the number and breadth of
firms that signed on. But this section strikes me as telling:
Then the committee should reject even the "original" draft of SAFE, which
has the first-ever domestic encryption control: penalties for the use of
crypto in a crime. When crypto is widespread, //any// "crime" (like posting
"indecent" materials?) will involve crypto. Domestic controls on encryption
are not a reasonable tradeoff for lifting export controls. Don't sell out
my rights to make a quick buck.
(Then of course there's White's "compromise" language floating around that
would double these criminal penalties. And Oxley -- in an effort to split
the coalition -- is circulating draft language that might exempt some forms
of mundane crypto-devices from his crypto-ban. Who knows? Maybe some
Congressmen would vote for Oxley II in hopes of staving off Oxley I. But
all these "compromises" are dangerous.)
Advice to undersigned firms: Tell your lobbyists to block //all//
encryption legislation that might come out of Congress. Then fire them.
Spend the millions of dollars on R&D. Get crypto in the hands of the
grandmothers of America. Or if you're not going to fire your lobbyists, at
least order them not to try and push a bill through. I know it's difficult;
that's all they know how to do. But, you see, not only is such a plan
doomed to fail, it likely will backfire and threaten all of our freedoms in
the process.
September 22, 1997
The Hon. Thomas J. Bliley, Jr.
House Commerce Committee
2125 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.  20515
Dear Chairman Bliley:
We are writing to express our strong opposition to the Oxley-Manton
amendment to HR 695, the Security and Freedom through Encryption Act
(SAFE), which the Commerce Committee will consider this week, and to any
form of government domestic controls on encryption.
The Oxley-Manton amendment would impose unprecedented restrictions on the
domestic manufacture and availability of encryption, thus potentially
compromising the security of the nation's telephone system and the Internet
alike.  The amendment would:
* prohibit the domestic manufacture, sale and importation of any encryption
  product or service unless the government is given immediate access to the
  plaintext of communications and stored files without the knowledge of the
  user;
* prohibit network service providers, including telephone companies and
  Internet service providers, from offering encryption products or services
  unless communications can be immediately read without the knowledge of the
  user; and
* give the Attorney General unprecedented, broad new powers to establish
  standards for encryption products and services.
Encryption technologies are the vital tools consumers and businesses need
to operate with security and privacy in the information age, and are a
cornerstone of electronic commerce.  Government domestic controls on
encryption are incompatible with the consumer, corporate, and national
security benefits of the national information infrastructure.  Numerous
communications products and services are now under development that
incorporate encryption as an essential feature.   Oxley-Manton will stifle
these new products and services, end the deployment of market-driven key
recovery systems,  and undermine the potential of the new communications
media for electronic commerce and the promotion of democratic values.
* Strong encryption will not only ensure privacy but also help prevent crime
  on the network.  However, by mandating trap doors in all domestic encryption
  products and communications networks, the Oxley-Manton amendment will make
  the personal records and communications of individuals and businesses more
  vulnerable to hackers, terrorists, industrial spies and other criminals.  Put
  at risk will be medical records, tax returns, private email, business
  proprietary information and transactions, attorney-client communications,
  and cellular phone conversations.
* Oxley-Manton's broad requirement for "immediate access" to decryption keys
  without knowledge of the user would force Americans to forfeit their
  constitutional right of privacy as a condition of participating in the
  information age.
* Oxley-Manton invites disastrous industrial policy.  It is industrial policy
  with criminal sanctions attached.  The amendment authorizes the Attorney
  General to promulgate technical requirements for all encryption products
  and gives the Department of Justice prior approval authority over all
  encryption systems for computers and telecommunications.  This will stifle
  innovation. It will drive encryption expertise out of this country.  The
  market should be allowed to develop its own solutions, many of which in fact
  will meet law enforcement's needs within our existing system of legal
  authorities and safeguards.
* Oxley-Manton will be ineffective in keeping strong encryption out of the
  hands of criminals.  Criminals and terrorist groups will not use a system
  that gives the government access to their decryption keys.  In fact, the
  FBI has admitted in Congressional testimony that criminals will always
  have access to strong unbreakable encryption.
We urge the Committee to reject the Oxley-Manton amendment and any other
form of domestic encryption control.
ACL Datacom, Inc., California
American Electronics Association
American Automobile Manufacturers Association
Americans for Tax Reform
America Online, Inc.
ANS Communications, Inc., New York
Apple Computer, Inc.
Ashton Communications Corp., California and Texas
Bell Atlantic
Bell South
Bowles Farming Co., Inc.
Business Software Alliance
Center for Democracy and Technology
Commercial Internet eXchange Association
Compaq Computer Corp.
CompuServe, Inc.
Computer & Communications Industry Association
Computer Software Industry Association
Consumer Electronic Manufacturers Association
Counsel Connect
Crest Industries, Inc.
DataXchange Network, Inc.
Direct Marketing Association
Electronic Data Systems, Corp.
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Electronic Messaging Association
Epoch Internet
Fiber Network Solutions, Inc., Columbus, Ohio
Genuity Inc., a Bechtel company
IBM Corp.
Information Technology Association of America
Information Technology Industry Council (ITI)
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - US Activities
International Communications Association
Intuit Inc.
Internet Providers Association of Iowa
National Association of Manufacturers
NETCOM On-Line Communication Services, Inc.
NetINS, Inc., Iowa
Online Banking Association
National Association of Manufacturers
National Retail Federation
Netscape Communications Corp.
Phoenix Media/Communications Group
Pro-Trade Group
PGP, Inc.
RSA Data Security, Inc.
SBC Communications Inc.
Securities Industry Association
Silicon Valley Software Industry Coalition
Software Forum
Software Publishers Association
Sun Microsystems, Inc.
TheOnRamp Group, Inc., Ohio
Trusted Information Systems
United States Council for International Business
United States Internet Council
United States Telephone Association
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
US West
Voters Telecommunications Watch

@_date: 1997-09-23 23:21:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Coalition letter opposing Oxley amendment -- from Apple toUSWest 
That's correct. That White draft was circulated last week at a crypto
coalition meeting that dozens of businesses, lobbyists, and advocacy groups
attended. Sadly, I'm told that only the ACLU, Americans for Tax Reform, and
(to a similar extent though they were most concened with Bernstein) EFF
argued for a hardnosed "no compromise" position.
(EPIC would probably have taken the same position, but they were out of
town. Eagle Forum also says "no compromise," but they weren't at the
I spoke to an industry lobbyist yesterday about crypto-in-a-crime. "We
don't oppose what the ACLU is doing in trying to get it removed," the
lobbyist told me. But this isn't a make-or-break issue for you, is it? "No,
it isn't." In other words, they're more than happy to give it up as a
trading chit if they can get cash in on relaxed export controls.
I certainly believe there are some duties a federal government should
fulfill. On Net-issues, the federal government can do some good by either
reversing bad policies or adopting a stance of regulatory forbearance.
On copyright, the courts should decide the limits of ISP liability. On
crypto, too, the courts are the safest route. On Net-taxes, though, there's
a role for Congress to play in considering Cox-Wyden. On telecom, the best
way to get bandwidth to the home is by aggressive deregulation, which means
more fixes to the just-amended Telecom Act. On content, Congress should of
course do nothing except perhaps repeal some of the more censorhappy laws
around. Same with Net-gambling.
All in all, these issues require minimal action or no action. Especially on
encryption: this Congress will never take a pro-crypto approach. The law
enforcement lobbyists are simply too strong and too effective. No new laws
are better than bad new laws.

@_date: 1997-09-24 04:21:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
Not quite. Truth is an absolute defense against slander and libel. If the
gossip is true, which was my hypothetical, what's the cause of action?
No, you should have no right to "recover" what I know about you. This is a
common beginner's misunderstanding. What you seem to be arguing for is
property rights in information. But that is misguided. To grant you such a
right would be to let you muzzle others who say truthful things, violating
their free speech rights.
That is why many "privacy laws" are censorship in disguise.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-24 09:23:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress & Crypto Roundup: Vote in Commerce cmte tomorrow 
Both sides of the crypto-debate spent today jockeying for position before
an important vote tomorrow in the House Commerce committee. At issue is
whether the panel will follow the lead of the Intelligence committee and
restrict your ability to protect your privacy with whatever technology you
want. Law enforcement officials are pressing for a secret backdoor, and
Rep. Oxley was planning to offer a proposal (Oxley I) giving them just that.
* Today Oxley circulated a revised proposal that I think of as Oxley II.
It's designed to respond to some of the criticisms:
  * Law professors sent a letter criticizing Oxley I:
  * Yesterday dozens of groups -- from Apple to USWest -- sent out a letter
criticizing Oxley I. (It's attached below.) The question is now: how many
of these groups will oppose Oxley II?
* Oxley is trying to carve off pieces of the alliance and get the Baby
Bells not to oppose Oxley II, Reuters reports below. Also, grassroots law
enforcement groups -- including some from California -- are sending their
own letters to support Oxley.
* Rep. Rick White is trying to cut a deal; he's proposing alternative,
compromise language. A note from his staff is attached below.
* Scientific and engineering professional societies, too, weighed in. I've
attached their note at the end of this message.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-25 01:50:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
Not all lies are libelous, nor should they be. "I love you," no?
And these are divisive issues in the circles I travel in.
But no, technically you are arguing for property rights in //personal
information//. This is not a new concept. Brandeis and Warren first laid
the groundwork for this in their landmark (and misguided) 1890 law review
article. That article was written before the advent of modern First
Amendment jurisprudence and does not take free speech rights into
Your scheme -- which is hardly novel -- is worthy of the same contempt.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:00:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
1)  CEI's position on this stuff, in a nutshell, is that the only things the
government should worry about on the Internet are the traditional things
that the government ought to worry about: enforcing rule of law and private
property rights.  The government should not run around making up excuses to
regulate privacy preferences on the internet.  For a full exposition of our
position, feel free to check out our filings on the FTC web page (
The biggest problem in my mind was that the FTC was talking about a medium
that is pretty new and still has a lot of growing pains.  The FTC wants to
get in on the ground floor of regulation and direct the development of the
Internet -- that's industrial policy and should be called that so at least
we're all talking about the same thing.  Meanwhile, lots of folks find it easier to cry out for a new regulation,
rather than negotiate a solution among conflicting interests, which is time
consuming and messy.  This happens in all other industries, so it's not
surprising that such pressure has emerged here.  After all, regulators need
an excuse for their jobs, and outside groups calling for more regulation
often have the opportunity to direct how the regulation is written and
implemented (in other words, they can gain power and access to power).
I think that the problems discussed at the hearing are not only outside the
proper sphere of government (actually, the FTC in my mind is outside the
proper sphere of government), but that most of those problems would be
eventually worked out in time. 2)>>>>One of the main assertions made by both sides in the privacy
No, I never said that.  I said that if you release information about
yourself into a public sphere, then you have no right to control the
downstream use of that information (because that is essentially controlling
the behavior of others).  I said that in terms of companies' web pages, it
would probably be a good idea to inform people of this action.  And that
without a law, or even without government pushing, it would happen anyway.
3) Re: the gossip question:  I was going to write what Declan said, only he
said it much better.  I don't think that you or anybody can properly draw a
line between how much gossip is "too much" gossip, and when one should "draw
a line."
Maybe we know "too much gossip" when we see it, but do you really want to
cede that much control over the speech and actions of others to a judge?
That's it for now.

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:07:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The White "Compromise" 
The White Compromise is what I wrote about in my Netly piece last Wed? and
my post of last night called "Congress & Crypto Roundup: Vote in Commerce
cmte tomorrow."
crypto, provided that the program was readily available overseas already.
It would not remove all export restrictions. (This is in the original SAFE
bill, which it amends.)
It also includes those four points I wrote about, including giving the FBI
tons of $$$ to buy them off. More disturbingly, it doubles the
crypto-in-a-crime penalties.
The crypto coalition letter sent around last week was right on this point:
representatives should oppose //all// amendments to SAFE, including the
White so-called "compromise."

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:23:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oxley crypto update: vote in 90 minutes 
Today's vote will be held in less than two hours. Keep in mind that this is
just one committee out of five that's considering the SAFE bill. The impact
of the committee's draft of SAFE is not nearly as important, IMHO, as the
political impact of the vote. Can one of the nation's richest industries
muster up the votes to defeat law enforcement -- in the //Commerce//
committee, of all places? Many eyes will be watching the committee today.
I hear that Oxley is nervous and has been calling people he never did
before. His staff tells me that yes, he has been calling everyone on the
committee. He'll be distributing letters of support from groups --
including law enforcement groups in California -- that will buttress his
amendment. Oxley's staff tells me the version of Oxley II posted by CDT is
almost certainly inaccurate and out of date. Solomon, chair of House Rules,
is circulating a letter saying only SAFE with Oxley will go to the floor.
The pressure's on. Rumors are flying that industry may cut a deal (perhaps
brokered by White) that may give up civil liberties in exchange for export
controls. We'll see soon. As of yesterday Oxley appeared to have a majority
of perhaps 32-34 out of the 51 or so people on the committee.

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:42:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oxley crypto update: vote in 90 minutes 
Like all language at this point, it's in flux. Oxley's staff says they
were working on this through late yesterday afternoon. But I suspect the
changes (if any) aren't going to substantially reshape the amendment.

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:57:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress & Crypto: "No compromise" coalition letter 
[This "no compromise" letter from ACLU, Eagle Forum, and other groups is
especially important since it's likely that industry groups may sign on to
compromise legislation. Also attached is a Reuters piece on Freeh's news
conference this morning and an excerpt from an E.C. official's talk also
this morning at the National Press Club. --Declan]
An Open Letter to Members of the House Commerce Committee
September 24, 1997
No Domestic Controls, No Compromise on Privacy Protection
by Encryption
We write this letter to urge you to oppose the Oxley-Manton
amendment to H.R. 695, the Security and Freedom through
Encryption (SAFE) Act. While our organizations sometime
disagree emphatically with each other, we are all united in
asking you to oppose any and all attempts to limit the
right of all Americans to get and use whatever encryption
protection we want.
Specifically included among the proposals we urge you to
oppose are provisions like those found in the amendments to
H.R. 695 proposed by the FBI draft, the Intelligence
Committee, and the National Security Committee, and in the
McCain-Kerrey bill (S. 909) in the Senate.  We also urge
you to oppose as well any proposal establishing a legal
structure for key recovery even if temporarily "voluntary,"
any so-called "compromise" provision drawn from
Oxley-Manton or the other specified proposal, and any new
proposal that would limit the availability and use of
strong encryption.
Representatives of our organizations have already informed
Congress of our vigorous opposition to any anti-encryption
legislation.  We take this opportunity to underscore four
key points.
OXLEY-MANTON ATTACKS THE WAY ORDINARY AMERICANS USE
Without realizing it, ordinary Americans already use
encryption in their everyday lives.  Cordless and cellular
phones, and every digital phone system uses encryption to
protect privacy.  Oxley-Manton would require a backdoor
breech in encryption security distributed, manufactured or
sold after January 31, 2000. Online browsers for the
Internet also use encryption, with a similar backdoor
breech in security required by Oxley-Manton.  Every
computer that uses encryption � sometimes with just a
keystroke � to protect the contents of sensitive medical,
legal, religious counseling and other files would be
subject to the same Oxley-Manton backdoor breech in
OXLEY-MANTON INCREASES THE LIKELIHOOD OF CRIMINAL ACTIVITY.
The Oxley-Manton amendment and the other proposals would
compel encryption programs to contain a "backdoor" for law
enforcement either by establishing a regime to recover the
keys to the scrambled message or by providing immediate
decoding of the message. The governments own experts,
however, conclude that the backdoor cannot be limited to
law enforcement. Instead, the backdoor makes the encryption
protection vulnerable to attack by prying neighbors,
business competitors, private investigators, and others who
want to profit from illicitly gained information. (See the
May 1996 report of the National Research Council.) A
mother, for example, arranging to pick up her child at day
care ought not have the safety of those arrangements
jeopardized by the Oxley-Manton backdoor breech in
OXLEY-MANTON IGNORES THE FACT THAT LAW ENFORCEMENT IS NOT
The Oxley-Manton amendment and the other proposals neglect
the fact that law enforcement agencies are human
institutions with some of their people subject to the
frailties common to human nature � prejudice, avarice,
arrogance and abuse of power. We need only to recall the
documented abuses of federal agents at Ruby Ridge, in
Filegate, in surveilling civil rights and religious
leaders, in harassing honest taxpayers and law-abiding
businesses � as well as those established instances of
police abuse at the local level � to understand that
placing unprecedented power in the hands of law enforcement
to violate the people�s privacy is extremely dangerous.
OXLEY-MANTON MAKES ORDINARY AMERICANS THE SERVANTS OF THE
At the core of American political values is the fundamental
concept that individual Americans have certain rights and
that governments are instituted, in the words of the
Declaration of Independence, "to secure these rights." As a
free people, Americans are the masters -- not the servants

@_date: 1997-09-25 05:14:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Update from the House Commerce Committee hearing room 
I'm sitting on the steps of the Rayburn House office building right now
waiting for the committee to resume deliberations on the SAFE encryption
bill. They've adjourned to vote on unrelated legislation on the House floor.
Right now it seems as though votes are split between Rep. White's
"compromise" legislation (that includes a cash payoff to the FBI and
doubling of crypto-in-a-crime penalties while relaxing some export rules)
and Rep. Oxley's proposal that includes domestic controls on encryption. If
I had to bet, though, I'd put my money on Oxley. Law enforcement arguments
about pedophiles generally trump discussions of privacy rights.
If White's proposal fails and Oxley's goes through, industry groups are
hoping they can keep themselves from being entirely screwed by pushing
through a third amendment that apparently would replace SAFE entirely with
a five-month study. (But who would appoint the people conducting the study?
Law enforcement? It's unclear.)
Rep. Solomon, chair of the powerful House Rules committee -- through which
SAFE must pass before it gets to the floor -- earlier today circulated a
letter asking members to support the Oxley amendment. "If this language is
not incorporated into the bill, as the Chairman of the House Rules
Committee I will not move the bill to the floor!" it says.
FBI director Louis Freeh, DEO head Thomas Constantine, and Raymond Kelley
(undersecretary for enforcement, Treasury Department) also sent a letter
earlier today to the Commerce Committee endorsing Oxley's amendment "on
behalf of the entire law enforcement community."
They don't seem to be exaggerating. The International Association of Chiefs
of Police on September 22 said just that. So did the National Sherrifs'
Association yesterday. And the National District Attorneys Association on
September 19. And the Major Cities Chiefs on September 23. Plus a few state
police associations.
More soon...
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-25 09:22:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Telcos oppose Oxley 
Lizard's position is sadly incoherent. If he believes in civil liberties --
and I know he does -- then he should think twice. Just because the federal
government has broad powers doesn't mean we should give them more.
Under Lizard's reasoning, he should find a law outlawing "breathing air (or
speaking Spanish) in the commission of a crime" acceptable. Or at least not
"particularly offensive."

@_date: 1997-09-25 09:56:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-victory in Commerce; Oxley talks about nuking Congress 
So I'm sitting here in the lobbyist warren of the Capitol
Grille on Pennsylvania Avenue getting sloshed on expensive
beer -- and sick on the clouds of cigar smoke from industry
representatives flush from their victory in the House
Commerce committee earlier this evening.
And they do have cause to celebrate. A week ago, the
outlook in Congress was dismal. The House Intelligence
committee had approved (during a closed hearing) the
first-ever domestic restrictions on what technologies
Americans can use to protect their privacy. The House
Commerce committee seemed certain to follow. Rep. Oxley,
who was pushing the proposal, told me last week he had the
votes sewn up.
The tide changed today when the Commerce committee
overwhelmingly defeated Oxley's amendment. In a 35-16 vote,
members rejected restrictions on manufacturing unapproved
encryption devices and instead approved a modified version
of Rep. Goodlatte's original Security and Freedom through
Encryption (SAFE) bill.
The vote came after a last-minute press by a diverse
coalition of industry groups, including some who had never
weighed in on crypto before, including the automobile
companies and the Baby Bells. (In fact, the Bells may have
been the deciding factor in defeating the measure.)
The version of SAFE the Commerce committee approved
includes: criminal penalties (doubled from the original)
for the use of encryption in a crime, a prohibition on
mandatory domestic key escrow, delinking certificate
authorities from key escrow requirements, a "NET" center to
coordinate law enforcement codebreaking, a classfied study
to be conducted by the Attorney General, a NIST study on
crypto, and liability limitations on firms providing key
recovery. It also includes SAFE's original export
relaxation on encryption products that are already
available overseas or are in the public domain.
Many of those changes were proposed by Reps. Markey and
White, who had their amendment approved 40-11. The amended
bill was approved out of the committee by a 44-6 vote.
(One lobbyist just leaned over, martini in hand, and asked
me, "Do you need a quote, Declan?" //sigh//)
Today's discussion before the committee was all about
compromise -- which, after all, shouldn't be surprising.
Washington politicians thrive on it. If politics is the art
of the possible, compromise is its lifeblood. But to the
chagrin of politicans, staffers, and bureaucrats alike, the
politics of encryption doesn't provide one. Either you use
backdoored crypto or you don't. Either you have unalloyed
privacy or you don't. There's no middle ground.
Of course it's one thing to compromise on tax bills or
spending measures. That's not only expected, it's
necessary. But it's another thing entirely to compromise on
a bill that deals with fundamental freedoms.  How many
newspapers is it acceptable for the government to review
and censor before publication? How many Americans can be
imprisoned without a public trial? Sometimes, including
now, Americans should stand on principle and reject that
any and all "compromises." A coalition of groups from the
American Civil Liberties Union to the Eagle Forum sent out
just that letter earlier today.
Those groups understand what high tech firms have been slow
to realize: Congress will not, and cannot, approve a bill
that benefits crypto-liberty. Right now there are no
domestic controls on encryption. After Congress passes a
bill, that will surely change. The crypto-in-a-crime
provisions are destined to stay in. When crypto becomes
omnipresent, Congress might just as well punish you for
speaking Spanish in the commission of a crime.
(By now the lobbyists are drunk. One just leaned over,
laughing excitedly, and yelled in my ear: "Cold fusion
still doesn't work!" Huh? Whatever. Seriously, folks, I do not
make this stuff up. Another fellow says the quote of the
day is: "The FBI tried to take the country hostage.")
Anyway, today firms saw their arguments used against them.
For years companies have testified before Congress that crypto
was readily available at the corner software store. One
Congressman recently even waved around a shrinkwrapped copy
of Lotus Notes as a prop. At last the techno-impaired
members of the House Commerce committee have realized that
strong crypto was available through a point-and-click
download (or for $19.95). But instead of allowing the
close to banning the //domestic// distribution.
By now even the more censorhappy members of Congress are
sick and tired of hearing about pedophiles and child
pornographers and molesters and such. Even the
druglords-wielding-crypto claims pales after a while -- at
least if you've heard it 17 times in the past few weeks. So
today Rep. Oxley whipped out his trump card: if you don't
vote for my amendment, you'll get blown up! "How about some
terrorist orgainztion acting with impunity because they
have the ability to communicate with impunity gets a hold
of a Russian nuclear device and threatens to blow up the
Capitol of the United States?"
In the end, Oxley's amendment didn't carry the day. It was of
course almost entirely the successful lobbying -- and if
firms can't win in the //Commerce// committee, where can they
win? -- but to their credit, some Congressmen actually talked
about the Constitutional issues involved. "This is about our
liberty and how far we will go in protecting our liberties,"
said Rep. Rogan, a former prosecutor and judge who spoke
against Oxley.
The future, however, is uncertain. The bill now goes to the
House Rules committee, whose chairman said today in a
strongly-worded letter that he'd only allow a bill to go to
the floor if it included Oxley's amendment. Look for a hell
of a lot of behind-the-scenes lobbying on this now...
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 00:25:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oxley Amendment 
Lucky has it right. SAFE is extremely unlikely to go to the floor without
additional "compromise."
Then there's the "compromise" with whatever bill the Senate coughs up.
Remember that pro-crypto legislation is dead there; only McCain-Kerrey got
out of committee. Also remember the Senate is more conservative...
Then there's the reality that no pro-crypto legislation would get past a
presidential veto...

@_date: 1997-09-26 00:31:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-victory in Commerce 
^^^^
                                  should be Capital Grille
                                            ^^^^^^^^
                                   should be NTIA study

@_date: 1997-09-26 02:25:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How the FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE 
I'm sure others can expand on this, but to me the big four inflection
points seem to be:
1. In the version of the SAFE bill the House Rules committee chooses. There
are now four substantially different versions. We have: the "original" SAFE
(with criminal penalties for crypto-in-a-crime); SAFE with domestic
crypto-controls; SAFE with its export relaxation section gutted;
yesterday's SAFE with more studies and doubled criminal penalties. This is
likely to be done in closed-room negotiations with the heads of Judiciary,
Intelligence, etc. I'm told that the first meetings are already being
scheduled. The House leadership will play a big role in anything the Rules
committee does.
2. In the way the House Rules committee reports the bill. Which amendments
will be allowed during floor debate, and in what order?
3. There are countless points during the Senate proceedings where FBI/NSA
can work on the legislation. McCain-Kerrey will probably go to the Senate
Intelligence committee, for instance. It's sure to go through Judiciary,
where Kyl and Feinstein are waiting eagerly. Sen. "Digital Telephony"
Leahy, whose original crypto-bill last year was a key escrow fetishist's
wet dream, is sure to get involved.
4. Conference committee between the Senate and House versions.
Underlying all this is the threat of a presidential veto. What pro-crypto
legislation can survive it? That will give the FBI/NSA more leverage when
pushing for their kind of "compromise." Especially because of the slothful
speed of the Senate, the process will take close to a year, probably.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 02:57:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why the White amendment is a good idea (fwd) 
Lizard, you're missing the point. First, the NETcenter was sold to the Commerce cmte yesterday as a way to
perform successful cryptanalysis on enciphered documents. The rhetoric was
all about keeping codebreakers up to date with codemakers. To anyone with
a glimmering of a clue about modern cryptography, this is complete
bullshit. Industry lobbyists on Monday also tried to push this line at a
press conference; I called them on it and they said, no, I was wrong, this
center would let the FBI keep up with the times. Yeah right.
Second, the NSA already performs these duties. Whether they should be
allowed to or not is a different argument. Third, there's no funding appropriated for the NETcenter. It's useless
without it. Again, it's bullshit.
Fourth, even industry lobbyists admitted to me privately yesterday that
NETcenter was a scam designed entirely to head off Oxley.

@_date: 1997-09-26 03:36:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
David C. Treibs
                                        Fredericksburg, TX 78624
                                        sirdavid at ktc.com
We are in trouble with the IRS, and we need help.
For religious reasons (explained below), we do not have Social Security
numbers for our children, the oldest of 4 being 5 years old.
Last year we sent in our return, as we have always done, without SSNs
for our children. My wife and I do have social security numbers, and we
sent those. IRS sent us a letter saying they were disallowing our
exemptions since we had no SSNs for them. They gave us the opportunity
to contest their disallowance, which we did by sending them our
children's birth certificates; and letters from our parents, and a letter
from our pediatrician, stating the children we claimed were indeed our
children and our dependents. We don't have a problem proving that we are
claiming legitimate dependents.
IRS accepted the information we sent them, and accepted our exemptions.
This year we again sent IRS our return without numbers for our children,
but this time we included the letter of acceptance for last year's
return, and again they said they are disallowing our exemptions, and
they want $1,175.79. I called the telephone number on the letter and
spoke with the lady who answered, explaining what we did last year and
how the IRS accepted our tax return. The lady said "now we have new
rules." She asked, "What religion are you," as if it mattered. When I
told her we were Christians, she paused as though to consult some
paperwork, and then she said, "those children need social security
numbers or you cannot claim them." She mentioned the Tax Reform Act of
1996 and Publication 553 as being the enabling documents that brought on
this change.
That same day I called U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith's office and explained the
situation. The nice lady in the San Antonio office said she would pass
the information to the Kerrville office, and they would do what they
could. The lady in the Kerrville office made several inquiries. She
repeatedly said we had the right to appeal, and she sent us a copy of:
--Internal Revenue Code: Income, Estate, Gift, Employment and Excise
Taxes ss 1001-End As of Sept 15, 1996, Volume 2. Subtitle F, Ch. 61B,
Sec 6109(a)-6109(h).
    Sec. 6109(e)--Repealed
    Is the rather odd heading for the only part I could find in the
    portion of the Code they sent me that says you must have a SSN or
    you will not be allowed an exemption. I wonder if that means the
    section is repealed? But then, the probably have it in some other
    section that the SSN is required. See IRC Sec. 151 (97) below.
--What appears to be a news release titled:
Valid Taxpayer Identification Numbers Needed For Returns
1996 IRB LEXIS 344; IR-96-50
--Internal Revenue Code...This section is current through 105-15,
approved 5/15/97.
Subtitle A. Income Taxes
Chapter 1. Normal Taxes and Surtaxes
Subchapter B. Computation of Taxable Income
Part V. Deductions for Personal Exemptions
    IRC Sec. 151 (1997)
    (e) says no exemption will be allowed unless the Taxpayer
    Identification Number is included on the return.
At present we are awaiting a letter from IRS, which we assume will state
that we must either provide SSNs for our children or pay up, and they
will probably give us 60 days or less to do either.
Having received the above distressing information, we called a San
Antonio, Texas, CPA, Ken Flint, a former IRS agent who now specializes
in helping people in trouble with the IRS. He said it would cost us more
to fight them than to simply pay the extra money. He sounded
sympathetic, if somewhat busy, and told us we could do the appeal if we
knew the law and IRS procedures. Unfortunately, I know neither.
Perhaps at this stage you could help us. I need to hear from someone who
has successfully appealed this sort of thing and won.
What are the applicable laws?
What is the case law in this matter?
What are the IRS procedures in these matters?
Are there any laws that might give us an out, such as the Religious
Rights Restoration Act, and other such high sounding laws?
Is there an attorney out there who wants to make a precedent out of this
for us and all the other like-minded folks?
If you have no direct knowledge of IRS laws and procedures, perhaps you
could pass this to a forum or organization or individual who could.
While we are aware of the various movements such as the sovereign
citizen, the patriots, tax protesters, and so on, we prefer to work
within the system to win our case. This is simply our preference.
We don't have a problem with proving that we are not making bogus claims
on our tax returns. We'd be happy to give them whatever reasonable proof
they want. We do have a big problem with giving our children a
government number.
The Bible gives the responsibility of raising children to parents, not
to the government or any other entity.
Forcing Social Security Numbers on children represents a major violation
of parents' God-given responsibility.
The SSN's powers can be divided into two basic categories: monitoring
and control; neither of which is within government's purview in dealing
with children. These are entirely the parents' job, Hillary Clinton's
postulations that "It Takes a Village" notwithstanding.
Once a child has a SSN, they are forever a blip on the government radar,
to be tracked, and to be the recipient of whatever government decides it
must foist upon children and their families.
SSN's are already used in our public school district to track students.
Much of their test scores and who knows what personal data is in the
district's computers, including a SSN. The district told us it probably
won't be long before all this data is sent to the state, and how long
will it be before this information ends up with the federal government?
The Clintons are working to push us into nationalized health care,
including government health care for children. Did you ever wonder how
they plan to track all these children, to ensure they are receiving all
the "benefits" of their plans? Very likely, the SSN. The "benefits"
might include "inoculations" against pregnancy, which amounts to
powerful birth control/abortifacient drugs, parental consent not needed
or desired. Then, of course, there is the "education,"
accompanying this government intrusion into child health, which is
irreconcilably opposed to my beliefs.
The Clintons are also working to push us into the UN Rights of the Child
Treaty, which shifts many parental rights and responsibilities to the
government. The Clintons want to bypass parents and directly access
children. How do you think they plan to monitor and enforce compliance
with this horrible treaty? The SSN, in my opinion.
Once every child has a SSN, it will also be easier for the state to
nose in on the parent's job. With the recent birth of our fourth child,
we were told that a state social worker from the welfare department
would be visiting our home, and the home of everyone who has a child. If
our child had a SSN, they could easily computerize all her data and then
link it to any other data from us, our other children, and so on. It
could be done without SSNs, but it would be more difficult and time
consuming, and on a large scale, next to impossible.
The state of Texas provides a good example of what a state will do when
given access to the power of the SSN. Starting this year Texas requires
SSNs to issue a driver's license. Now that they have linked the
driver's license with a SSN, they can easily access a person's records,
including court records, and anyone not paying child support may be
denied a driver's license. This is just one example of the power of the
SSN, and how government can use it to force its agenda on the populace.
Whatever government grants or allows, it can withhold or restrict based
on whatever is politically correct at the time, if they have the tools
to do so. When people who disagree with you hold power over you, and
when they want to extend that power to your children, you better be
ready for trouble.
The SSN enables anyone with access to the right data bases to know every
address you ever had; details about your job, income, and taxes; school
records; all financial transactions not made with greenbacks; probably
all your telephone and utility details, including all your phone calls;
doctor, hospital, and other medical details; all court and police
records; and on and on and endlessly on.
This is all your personal information, available to government at the
snap of a finger, and this information is power. Now imagine if every
child has a SSN, that power will extend down to the womb even more than
it does now.
We are not willing to give the government power over our children. Why
should we, when children are none of government's business until they
reach adulthood? Why tempt government with all that power, when they
have already proven they will abuse it?
                   For Liberty,
                   David C. Treibs (sirdavid at ktc.com)

@_date: 1997-09-26 06:27:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How the FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE 
At 11:06 -0700 9/25/97, Brock N. Meeks wrote, quoting me:
That's not right. The 106th Congress doesn't begin until January //1999//,
after the elections. The slate is not wiped clean in 1998; we don't start
from ground zero. Bills will carry over to next year when Congress returns
in January for the second session of the 105th.
That's why it may take close to a year -- perhaps until next summer -- for
Congress to finish compromising away your rights to use whatever encryption
software you like.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 07:05:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why no version of SAFE removes export ctrls, and all are dangerous 
Tim writes below that SAFE doesn't get rid of export controls. That's true,
even before it's compromised to death. I've attached below my column on
SAFE I wrote in June...
This is just one reason why no new laws are better than bad new laws.
The Netly News Network
June 5, 1997
Mr. Gates Goes to Washington
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
                    For Siliconaires like Bill Gates of Microsoft, Eric
                    Schmidt of Novell and Jeff Papows of Lotus, Washington
                    is a city made pleasant by absence. They view its
                    labyrinthine bureaucracies and hidebound institutions as
                    something between a minor hindrance and an
                    insurmountable obstacle to the important business of
                    making profits, not public policy. So it was no surprise to
                    see the high-tech trio join seven other executives
                    at the National Press Club to rail against the Clinton
                    administration's restrictions on overseas sales of
                    encryption products.
                         This Billionaire Boys' Club was especially keen on
                    praising two bills that would generally relax export rules.
                    "We clearly support the House and the Senate bills that are
                    on the Hill in their original form. Getting reform done now
                    is a huge priority for all of us," said one. "There are
                    in the House and the Senate that are totally
acceptable, and
                    if those bills are passed they'd solve the problem,"
                    added.
                         But perhaps Bill Gates should have spent less time
                    writing BASIC interpreters and more time in civics
                    classes, because these bills are far from perfect. In fact,
                    they may be downright dangerous.
                         "Please, do no harm here. Let's keep what we won,"
                    says Cindy Cohn, one of the lawyers mounting an
                    EFF-sponsored court challenge to the White House's
                    export rules. So far that effort has been successful: A
                    federal judge ruled last December that the line-by-line
                    instructions in a computer program are "speech" and
                    restrictions on overseas shipments violate the First
                    Amendment.
                         Cohn argues that both Rep. Bob Goodlatte's (R-Va.)
                    SAFE bill and Sen. Conrad Burns' (R-Mont.) ProCODE
                    bill could do more harm than good. She says they might
                    not even help her client, a university professor who wants
                    to discuss encryption without going to jail. "What effect
                    would SAFE or ProCODE have? Either none or a
                    detrimental one," Cohn said on Monday at a conference
                    organized by the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
                    (A Burns spokesperson responded by saying any
                    problems could be addressed after the bill leaves the
                    Commerce Committee and moves to the Senate floor.)
                         This might seem like a lot of high-powered debate
                    over an obscure subject, but the argument boils down to a
                    conflict between pragmatism and principle. Will Congress
                    decide to help out Bill Gates at our expense? Sure,
                    removing export controls completely would benefit
                    everyone, but SAFE doesn't go that far: Only software
                    "that is generally available" overseas may be exported.
                    Which means if I invent a new data-scrambling method
                    that nobody overseas has developed, I'm screwed. SAFE
                    also creates a new federal felony if you use crypto in a
                    crime. Cypherpunks have criticized the measure, saying
                    that when crypto starts to appear in products from light
                    switches to doorknobs, Congress might as well put you in
                    jail if you breathe while committing a crime. Then there's
                    ProCODE, which sets up a new federal
                    crypto-bureaucracy -- hardly a reassuring thought.
                      some veteran Washington lawyers
                    warn that the proposals in Congress will not nullify the
                    export rules. "Because the language of the SAFE act
                    doesn't track the language of the executive order and the
                    [Commerce Department regulations], which of course they
                    couldn't anticipate, there's substantial wiggle room
left for
                    the government to maintain some controls. The bills may
                    not have the desired effect in the long run," says Roszel
                    Thomsen, a partner at the Thomsen and Burke law firm.
                         "There's room for someone to completely rewrite a
                    bill that starts from the provision that all source code is
                    speech -- then squarely roll back the most onerous
                    provisions from the administration's executive order last
                    November and track the current laws to eliminate the
                    wiggle room," Thomsen says. "But I don't think there's
                    the willpower to do that."
                         If that willpower doesn't exist, then perhaps
                    Congress shouldn't pass either SAFE or ProCODE. No
                    legislation is better than bad law, especially when court
                    challenges are moving forward -- and don't bring with
                    them nasty side effects. We shouldn't have to give up
                    some freedoms to gain others. If Congress doesn't have
                    the courage to do the right thing, it's better they do
                    -- even if Bill Gates prefers otherwise.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 10:27:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why no version of SAFE removes export ctrls, and all are     dangerous 
Legislative history is not a guidepost I like to follow when considering
whether a bill is a good one. Note the Supremes largely rejected the
government's arguments that the legislative history of the CDA justified it
as a law. Instead you should look at the plain text of the law, which says
software not requiring a license is:
"(A) any software, including software with encryption capabilities
                   "(i) that is generally available, as is, and is
                    designed for installation by the purchaser; or
                    "(ii) that is in the public domain for which
                    copyright or other protection is not available
                    under title 17, United States Code, or that is
                    available to the public because it is generally
                    accessible to the interested public in any form; or
Nope, the "generally available" clause above talks about software. Reread
the text of the bill, not some staffer's wet dreams about what they want it
to say.
Then there's the bit Tim was complaining about:
       "(3) SOFTWARE WITH ENCRYPTION CAPABILITIES. -- The Secretary shall
       authorize the export or reexport of software with encryption
capabilities for
       nonmilitary end-uses in any country to which exports of software of
       capability are permitted for use by financial institutions not
controlled in fact by
       United States persons, unless there is substantial evidence that
such software will
       be --
              "(A) diverted to a military end-use or an end-use supporting
              international terrorism;
              "(B) modified for military or terrorist end-use; or
              "(C) reexported without any authorization by the United States
              that may be required under this Act.
Of course there's substantial evidence that PGP etc. will be used by
unapproved people. That's another problem with SAFE.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 11:04:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How the FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE 
What Congress can grant, they can take away. I'm not sure if I like the
SAFE language that "grants" me the right to use whatever encryption device
I like at whatever strength I like. You see... I thought that was an inalienable right that Congress can't
grant, let alone take back.
No pro-crypto legislation will survive a Clinton veto. I challenge those
who disagree to post a contrary scenario.

@_date: 1997-09-26 11:37:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Commerce committee votes are up at crypto.com 
Thanks, Shabbir, for putting this vital information online. But I'm a
little puzzled. I fear the CDT/VTW crypto.com web site may be misleading.
You say, for instance, that opposing SAFE yesterday was a vote "against
Internet privacy" and "against passing the SAFE bill out of committee."
That's not true. The Markey-White-amended bill the committee approved
yesterday was not the SAFE bill. It was a deviant version with important
differences from SAFE.
The Markey-White amendment includes: the doubled crypto-in-a-crime
penalties (10-20 years!), the sop to eventual mandatory key recovery by
including liability immunity for turning over keys to the Feds or the
sheriff of Podunk County, the bogus NETcenter that effectively gives the
NSA a statutory basis for domestic evildoing, etc. (Markey wanted to take
credit for killing the original SAFE. He told the Washington Post "after
the vote" that the original, better, Goodlatte SAFE "no longer exists as a
political option." That's right -- thanks to his own amendment...)
The second and third votes are essentially the same: should the above
provisions be in the Commerce committee of the bill. But why do you avoid
taking a position on whether the second vote on Markey-White was good or
If the second description was to avoid taking a position on Markey-White,
it doesn't work. You say in your third description that a vote for the
amended Markey-White bill was a good one. Why would CDT/VTW endorse such
disturbing legislation? (And not admit it?) To what extent was CDT/VTW
involved in drafting Markey-White and to what extent did you encourage
committee members to vote for it?
Also, the description for the third vote is misleading by itself. It just
says "report SAFE" when it should say "report SAFE with Markey-White
provisions" out of committee.
And, given these problems with Markey-White, why is the CDT/VTW crypto.com
site counting a vote for the Markey-White-amended bill as a vote for
"Internet privacy?" I should think that given the problems -- such as
doubling of crypto-in-a-crime and sop towards mandatory key recovery --
that a vote against the Markey-White-amended bill is a //good// vote, not
one against Net-privacy.
If a legislator wanted to vote for Internet freedom and reject deviant
bills, he should have voted against Oxley, Markey-White, and against
passing the bill with Markey-White out of committee yesterday. (That would
have left the cleaner Judiciary committee version of SAFE as a more likely
option.) Rep. Brown, for instance, did just that -- yet you tar him as
against Internet freedoms.
Go figure.
crypto.com says:

@_date: 1997-09-26 12:47:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Exports and criminalizing crypto 
Of course the CDA was not necessary for national security. It would not
prevent the U.S. Capitol building from being blown up.
The main thing is preserving freedoms, both to use and export crypto.
Restrictions on use are not reasonable tradeoffs for relaxation of export
Also the coalition that came together can be fragmented if the domestic
restrictions are more subtle or go after individuals instead of businesses.
Your blind faith in the U.S. Congress is touching, but hardly realistic.

@_date: 1997-09-26 22:56:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress to compromise away crypto-rights, from ComDaily 
[From ComDaily, a Washington trade publication. --Declan]
Markey/White Prevails
HOUSE PANEL APPROVES ENCRYPTION BILL IN REBUFF TO CLINTON, FBI
Rules Committee Chmn. Solomon (R-N.Y.) originally had
co-sponsored bill, then dropped off and urged rejection of
Goodlatte measure, declaring it harmful to national
security.  He said in letter to Commerce Committee members
that bill wouldn't get to House floor unless it includes
provisions with "crucial key recovery language" similar to
those in Oxley-Manton proposals and in Intelligence
Committee.  Spokesman said that while Rules panel could
send any version it wished to floor, Solomon wants to try
to work out compromise that recognizes national security
concerns.  Panel spokesman said Goodlatte should "be more
flexible and work out" differences with Intelligence
Committee.  Intelligence Chmn. Goss (R-Fla.) also is on
Rules Committee.
House Telecom Subcommittee Chmn. Tauzin (R-La.), who had
tried to find compromise before markup, said after evening
session that there would have to be more compromises.  He
proposed amendment to set up 5-member commission that would
have 180 days to study encryption and make recommendations.
 Tauzin said that "something will have to be worked out
that satisfies law enforcement."  He said "we're not
finished" with bill, said it was possible that study
proposal could emerge as compromise if no other agreement
could be reached:  "Just like there's no predicting where
the technology will be, there's no predicting where this
will end up."
Oxley said Thurs. his amendment lost because:  "The
Commerce Committee was being the Commerce Committee."  In
protecting its jurisdiction, with eye toward electronic
commerce, legislators paid attention to computer industry,
including Gates, he said.  However, he said "the bill isn't
going anywhere" unless law enforcement and national
security concerns are addressed.  Oxley said he hadn't
asked Solomon to hold up legislation, noting that
Intelligence and National Security panel bills have
provisions "stronger than mine."
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 23:03:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: USA Today on encryption; FBI's Louis Freeh responds 
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-26 23:05:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
[CDT's Jonah Seiger copied this message to my editors. I'm still waiting
for him to answer my questions. --Declan]
       Date:
            Fri, 26 Sep 1997 10:29:17 -0400
      From:
            Jonah Seiger         To:
            Declan McCullagh Declan --
If you are curious about what it is about your style that bothers CDT so
much, start with this hostile, accusitory message posted to a public list
(in this case, cypherpunks).
This message is not a question -- it's an attack.  It assumes the answer
before it's asked, and it's nothing more than read meat thrown to a hungry
If you have questions about how we set up the site, or how we feel about
the results of Wednesday's Commerce Committee vote, all you have to do is
contact us.  We will be happy to talk to you.  This is the way every other
journalist we work with operates.
Unfortunately, your pattern is different. I would have thought that after
last week's unfortunate incident you would have learned something.  Perhaps
I was assuming too much.
* Value Your Privacy? The Government Doesn't.  Say 'No' to Key Escrow! *
            Adopt Your Legislator -  Jonah Seiger, Communications Director              (v) +1.202.637.9800
Center for Democracy and Technology              pager +1.202.859.2151
                                                    PGP Key via finger

@_date: 1997-09-27 01:36:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACLU opposes deviant Markey-White version of SAFE 
The House Commerce committee approved the deviant Markey-White amendments
as a "compromise" package.
Note: "It is now clear that any version of this bill will be used to attack
domestic encryption protection."
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   Contact: Emily Whitfield (212) 549-2566
Thursday, September 25, 1997    Phil Gutis (202) 675-2312
WASHINGTON -- Citing civil liberties concerns, the House Commerce Committee
late yesterday overwhelmingly beat back an attempt by law enforcement to
hijack what had been introduced as a pro-privacy encryption bill.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which supported the original version of
 H.R. 695, the Security and Freedom through Encryption Act ("SAFE") applauded
the committee's action, but said it could not support the new version of
SAFE, which contains a new set of civil liberties problems.
"We survived the hijacking only to find that we are still in enemy
territory," said Donald Haines, Legislative Counsel on privacy and cyberspace
issues for the ACLU's Washington National Office. "It is now clear that any
version of this bill will be used to attack domestic encryption protection.
Therefore, the ACLU strongly opposes bringing any encryption legislation to
the floor at this time."
The amendment that was rejected yesterday sought to reverse the original
intent of SAFE, a bill that would ease controls on export of strong
encryption technology.  Sponsored by Reps. Michael Oxley, R-OH, and Thomas
Manton, D-NY, it would have given law enforcement agencies easy access to
every private computer file, e-mail, telephone conversation, and online
communication in America. By providing this "backdoor" for law enforcement,
the ACLU said the amendment would leave a door open to others seeking
unauthorized access to private communications.
But in rejecting the law enforcement power grab, the Committee essentially
re-wrote the SAFE bill, adopting amendments that would:
� Establish a "codebreaking" center for law enforcement that would improperly
involve the National Security Agency (NSA) in domestic affairs.
� Reinstate an objectionable provision in the original SAFE bill that would
criminalize, for the first time ever, the use of domestic encryption.
� Double the penalties for criminal use of encryption, up to a maximum of 20
years in prison.
� Provide immunity for anyone who turns over encryption "keys" to law
enforcement, setting the stage for a mandatory "back door" for law
enforcement access to private files and communications.
"We were heartened that privacy and free speech were cited by so many
committee members as the reason why the FBI amendment had to be rejected,"
Haines said. "We now call upon all members of the House to take these
fundamental civil liberties into account in considering any bill addressing
the use of encryption."
With yesterday's vote, the last of five versions of the SAFE bill may now
proceed to the House Rules Committee for a decision on how the bill will be
presented to the House.  The chairman of that committee, Gerald Solomon,
R-NY, has vowed publicly to block any version of SAFE that does not have the
Oxley-Manton amendment.
In a letter sent to members of the Commerce Committee yesterday, the ACLU
joined a broad spectrum of groups in calling for "no compromise on privacy
protection by encryption." The letter urged the members to oppose the
Oxley-Manton amendment, as well as  any  attempts to limit the right of all
Americans to get and use whatever encryption protection they want.
The letter was signed by the ACLU, Americans for Tax Reform, The Eagle Forum,
Electronic Privacy Information Center, Privacy International and the United
States Privacy Council.
"All efforts, direct and indirect, to restrict our right to the greatest
possible privacy protection must be rejected," Haines said.  "Whether you are
sending sensitive corporate documents or your family's travel plans, you have
a right to speak privately."
The last three committees to act on SAFE (National Security, Intelligence and
Commerce) have all added anti-privacy provisions, while bills from the
Judiciary and International Affairs committees lack provisions to protect
First Amendment rights in the the use of encryption.  Both those bills also
contain the criminalization provision present in the other bills, although
without the even stiffer penalties added to the new version of SAFE.
A group of leading scientific, educational and engineering organizations also
voiced their opposition yesterday to any legislation imposing strict domestic
controls on encryption.   The groups said that the amendment would have a
"grave effect" on cryptographic research in the United States, and  could
also negatively impact U.S. commerce while benefiting overseas companies not
subject to controls.
Encryption programs scramble information so that it can only be read with a
"key" -- a code the recipient uses to unlock the scrambled electronic data.
As more of our messages are sent via computers, digital switches, and
wireless phones, they must be encrypted, otherwise our messages can be seized
and read by others.
There are no laws that now prohibit using as strong encryption as possible
inside the United States. But, unless keys are made available to the
government, the Clinton Administration bans export of encryption equipment
and software, treating the products as "munitions."
In response to these continued attacks on privacy rights, the ACLU this
summer launched Take Back Your Data!, a nationwide citizen campaign to fight
for legal reforms to privacy laws and resist further encroachments on the
right to privacy.  Through its website at  the ACLU urges
visitors to contact their elected officials and voice support for or
opposition to pending legislation.
In addition, the ACLU said that it is drafting omnibus privacy legislation
that would, if adopted, fulfill the basic goals of the Take Back Your Data!
campaign.  The legislation will be unveiled later this fall, followed by a
broad-based effort to encourage members of Congress to co-sponsor the

@_date: 1997-09-27 06:26:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
The ACLU certainly deserves criticism for its knee-jerk left-wing view on
some issues. I'd also be interested in seeing them take a stand on 2nd
Amendment issues; right now they don't have a position, as I understand it.
But on free speech and SSN-type issues they're generally good.
I forwarded the original "Plea from a parent" message to some folks at the
ACLU who expressed an interest in helping out.
PS: Jane Fonda, of all people, just stopped by the bureau for a
correspondent's birthday party! Sure, we had Newt here on Monday, but Fonda

@_date: 1997-09-27 06:49:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: EPIC Alert 4.13 on crypto and more 
Note this excerpt on the problems of Markey-White:
Question to ponder for the weekend: if it took this kind of "compromise"
for a bill to clear the unabashedly pro-business Commerce committee, what
will it take for a bill to become law?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
   ==============================================================
                   @    @                @     @  @   @   @        @ @   @     @     @  @    @
             @   @         @             @
       @     @      @   @       @   @  @     @     @  @    @
         @           @   @      @   @   @
   ==============================================================
   Volume 4.13	                             September 26, 1997
   --------------------------------------------------------------
                            Published by the
              Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC)
                            Washington, D.C.
                          Table of Contents
[1] House Committee Rejects Domestic Crypto Ban
[2] HHS Releases Medical Privacy Recommendations
[3] Employment Eligibility Pilot Programs Begin
[4] White House Commission Urges Scrutiny of Private Employees
[5] ID Cards to Cost $10 Billion
[6] Imagine: FBI Finally Releases John Lennon Files
[7] New Bills in Congress
[8] Upcoming Conferences and Events
[1] House Committee Rejects Domestic Crypto Ban
The House Commerce Committee has rejected an FBI-backed proposal to
impose the first-ever domestic controls on encryption.  In a 35-16
vote on September 24, the committee defeated an amendment to the SAFE
crypto bill offered by Reps. Michael Oxley (R-OH) and Thomas Manton
(D-NY) that would have banned the domestic manufacture and sale of
encryption products that do not provide law enforcement agencies easy
access to encrypted information.  Speaking in opposition to the
amendment, many committee members cited the unprecedented assault on
privacy and civil liberties that would result if the FBI proposal was
While surviving the draconian Oxley-Manton amendment, the SAFE bill,
originally introduced by Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) to relax U.S.
export controls on encryption products, did not emerge from the
Commerce Committee unscathed.  The committee adopted an amendment
offered by Reps. Ed Markey (D-MA) and Rick White (R-WA) that would
create a new National Electronic Technologies (NET) Center within the
Justice Department.  The NET Center would engage in research and
"examine encryption techniques and methods to facilitate the ability
of law enforcement to gain efficient access to plaintext of
communications and electronic information."  The NET Center would be
authorized to seek the assistance of "any department or agency of the
Federal Government" in support of its mission, thereby providing
explicit statutory authority for National Security Agency involvement
in domestic law enforcement activities.  The Markey-White amendment
also doubles the penalty for the use of encryption in furtherance of a
felony and provides that "No person shall be subject to civil or
criminal liability for providing access to the plaintext of encrypted
communications or electronic information to any law enforcement
official or authorized government entity, pursuant to judicial
In a letter sent to the Commerce Committee prior to the vote, EPIC
joined with the American Civil Liberties Union, Eagle Forum, Americans
for Tax Reform and other groups in urging members to oppose "any
proposal establishing a legal structure for key recovery even if
temporarily 'voluntary,' any so-called 'compromise' provision drawn
from Oxley-Manton . . . , and any new proposal that would limit the
availability and use of strong encryption."
The fate of the SAFE bill is now uncertain.  The original Goodlatte
language has been substantially amended by five House committees, with
contradictory results.  Rep. Gerald Solomon (R-NY), chairman of the
House Rules Committee, has indicated that he will not send the
legislation to the House floor unless it contains the Oxley-Manton
domestic controls.  As such, SAFE may no longer be a viable vehicle
for the reform of encryption policy that it was originally intended to
PDF versions of House Commerce Committee documents on the SAFE bill
are available at:
     [2] HHS Releases Medical Privacy Recommendations
Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Donna Shalala released the
Department's recommendations for a new medical privacy bill on
September 11, calling for legislation that would generally protect all
medical records.  In addition, HHS says medical records should not be
used by employers and others for making non-medical decisions;
patients would have the right to sue if their records were disclosed
improperly and criminal and civil penalties could be imposed.
On a number of issues, the guidelines fall short.  HHS recommends that
there be no new laws preventing law enforcement access to medical
records, essentially enabling law enforcement and other government
officials to obtain medical records without a court order.  In
addition, on the issue of medical research, the guidelines recommend
that personally identifiable records be used for medical research
without the consent of the patient.  They also ignore the issue of
whether a single unique identifier such as a Social Security number
should be used to link all medical records in a nationwide network of
Importantly, HHS recommends that any new medical privacy law should
not preempt already existing state or federal laws that provide
greater protection.  A major bill introduced last year by Sen. Robert
Bennett (R-UT) would have prevented states from providing more
protection to their citizens.  Many states have enacted laws giving
stronger privacy protection to records on substance abuse, AIDS and
mental health.  Some states, such as Massachusetts, are currently in
the process of enacting comprehensive privacy legislation.
The text of the HHS recommendations and more information on medical
privacy is available at:
     [3] Employment Eligibility Pilot Programs Begin
The Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) and the Social
Security Administration (SSA) have announced three pilot programs for
verifying eligibility of employees to work within the United States.
The pilot programs were ordered by the Congress as part of the
Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 in a
compromise attempt to avoid creation of a national identification
The three programs are the Basic Pilot; the Citizen Attestation Pilot;
and the Machine-Readable Document Pilot.  The Basic Pilot requires
that employers verify the employment eligibility of all new employees
through automated verification checks of SSA and INS databases using a
telephone.  The Citizen Attestation Pilot only checks the status of
new employees who attest they are not U.S. citizens, but is limited to
states where drivers' licenses are acceptable to the INS -- presumably
those having the SSN on the face of the license.  In the Machine
Readable Pilot, the procedures are similar to the Basic Pilot except
in states with machine readable licenses (currently, only Iowa is
Each government department is required to assign a pilot program to at
least one agency within the department.  In addition, companies that
have been found to violate the Immigration Act can be compelled to
join in the program.  The pilot programs will last for four years
unless Congress re-authorizes them.
[4] White House Commission Urges Scrutiny of Private Employees
A special Presidential commission will recommend that certain private
sector employees be subjected to in-depth background checks and
polygraph examinations.  Speaking before The Bankers Roundtable on
September 11, Robert T. Marsh, Chairman of the President's Commission
on Critical Infrastructure Protection, previewed the "core
recommendations" that will be transmitted to the White House.
Addressing "privacy issues in the employer-employee relationship,"
Marsh said:
     Throughout its year-long effort, the Commission has
     struggled to address the competing interests of
     security and privacy and the trade-offs between these
     two interests. . . . We are going to recommend that
     the Administration and Congress study ways to make
     some of the tools that the federal government uses to
     perform background checks and issue security clearances
     more readily available to employers within the critical
     infrastructures, at least in filling certain sensitive
     positions within those infrastructures. These efforts
     may afford you, for example, a greater ability to
     inquire into and make use of criminal history
     information, employment histories, and credit history
     information. Amendments should also be made to federal
     polygraph law to include within the scope of current
     exemptions those who are in the business of providing
     information security services.
The "critical infrastructures," as defined by Executive Order 13010,
include "telecommunications, electrical power systems, gas and oil
storage and transportation, banking and finance, transportation, water
supply systems, emergency services (including medical, police, fire,
and rescue), and continuity of government."
The full text of the Marsh address is available at:
     [5] ID Cards to Cost $10 Billion
The Social Security Administration announced on September 22 that it
would cost up to $10 billion to re-issue Social Security cards as
tamper-proof identifiers.
Congress required the SSA to assess the cost as part of the 1996
immigration and welfare bills.  The SSA report reviews the history of
the SSN from its creation in 1935 through the current day.  The report
declines to make any policy recommendations, but recognizes some of
the privacy issues raised by the use of the SSN as a national
identifier.  An appendix to the report includes pending legislation
that would limit the SSN's use.
The report examines the different technologies for ID cards from basic
plain plastic cards to smart cards, including those that would include
a picture or biometric identifier.  It notes that SSA cannot
accurately assess how many actual SSNs are in use -- the agency is
only able to estimate a range between 269 and 327 million.  At least
10 million are estimated to be duplicate numbers.
More information on national identification cards is available at:
     [6] Imagine: FBI Finally Releases John Lennon Files
After resisting disclosure for more than 15 years, the Federal Bureau
of Investigation has released almost all of its secret files on John
Lennon.  The documents underscore the sometimes questionable rationale
for FBI surveillance operations and the importance of public oversight
of those activities.
Since being sued under the Freedom of Information Act in 1983, the
Bureau had steadfastly withheld the Lennon files on "national security"
grounds.  Now released, the records document FBI surveillance of the
former Beatle's political activities, under the close supervision of
the Nixon White House.  Significantly, none of the disclosed files
describe Lennon as involved in any illegal act.  In December 1995, U.S.
District Judge Robert Takasugi directed the FBI to disclose whether it
had "used unlawful activities in connection with the Lennon
investigation."  Rather than respond to the questions, the FBI
negotiated a settlement to release the documents.
Ironically, the Lennon files were released as a senior FBI official
told an international privacy conference that "extreme" privacy
concerns have "handcuffed" law enforcement's ability to investigate
criminal activity.  FBI Counsel Alan McDonald told the International
Conference on Privacy in Montreal that, "Based on a theory of potential
government abuse, important tools commonly used are to be restricted or
More information on the FBI investigation of John Lennon is available
     [7] New Bills in Congress
HR 2215, Genetic Nondiscrimination in the Workplace Act. Introduced by
Kennedy (D-MA) on July 22.  Amends Fair Labor Standards Act to restrict
employers in obtaining, disclosing, and using of genetic information.
Referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce.
HR 2216, Genetic Protection in Insurance Coverage Act.  Introduced by
Kennedy (D-MA) on July 22.  Limits the disclosure and use of genetic
information by life and disability insurers.  Prohibits insurers from
requiring genetic tests, denying coverage, setting rates based on
genetics, using or maintain genetic info.  Referred to the Committee on
HR 2275, Genetic Employment Protection Act of 1997.  Introduced by
Lowery (D-NY) on July 25.  Prohibits employers, unions from
discriminating on basis of genetic information.  Referred to the
Committee on Education and the Workforce.
H.R.2368, Data Privacy Act of 1997.  Introduced by Tauzin (R-LA) on
July 31.  Recommends that businesses create voluntary guidelines to
protect privacy, and stop spamming.  Referred to the Committee on
HR 2369, Wireless Privacy Enhancement Act of 1997.  Introduced by
Tauzin (R-LA) on July 31.  Expands ban and penalties on sale of
scanners that can intercept cellular and digital communications and
interception of communications.  Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HR 2372, Internet Protection Act of 1997.  Introduced by White (R-WA)
on July 31.  Limits FCC and state ability to regulate Internet.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HR 2404, Stop the Theft of Our Social Security Numbers Act.  Introduced
by Filner (D-CA) on September 4.  Prohibits IRS mailings that include
SSN unless it is inside sealed envelope.  Referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means.
HR 2507, ATM Public Safety and Crime Control Act.  Introduced by Nadler
(R-NY).  Requires banks to install better surveillance cameras in ATMs.
Referred to the Committee on Banking and Financial Services.
S. 1146, Digital Copyright Clarification and Technology Education Act
of 1997.  Introduced by Ashcroft (R-MO).  Sets up new rules for
copyright in digital networks.  Referred to the Committee on the
[8] Upcoming Conferences and Events
Net Worth, Net Work: Technology and Values for the Digital Age. October
4-5. University of Cal, Berkeley. Sponsored by CPSR. Contact:
20th National Information Systems Security Conference. October 7-10.
Baltimore, MD. Sponsored by NIST and NSA. Contact:
EPIC International Privacy Conference. October 20,1997. Georgetown
University Law Center, Washington, DC. Sponsored by EPIC. Contact:
shauna at epic.org.
Managing the Privacy Revolution '97. October 21-23, 1997. Washington,
DC. Sponsored by Privacy and American Business. Contact:
RSA'98 -- The 1998 RSA Data Security Conference.  January 12-16, 1998.
San Francisco, CA.  Contact kurt at rsa.com or              (Send calendar submissions to alert at epic.org)
The EPIC Alert is a free biweekly publication of the Electronic Privacy
Information Center.  To subscribe, send email to epic-news at epic.org wih
the subject: "subscribe" (no quotes) or use the subscription form at:
      Back issues are available at:
      The Electronic Privacy Information Center is a public interest
research center in Washington, DC.  It was established in 1994 to
focus public attention on emerging privacy issues such as the Clipper
Chip, the Digital Telephony proposal, national ID cards, medical
record privacy, and the collection and sale of personal information.
EPIC is sponsored by the Fund for Constitutional Government, a
non-profit organization established in 1974 to protect civil liberties
and constitutional rights.  EPIC publishes the EPIC Alert, pursues
Freedom of Information Act litigation, and conducts policy research.
For more information, e-mail info at epic.org,  or
write EPIC, 666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE, Suite 301, Washington, DC
20003. +1 202 544 9240 (tel), +1 202 547 5482 (fax).
If you'd like to support the work of the Electronic Privacy
Information Center, contributions are welcome and fully
tax-deductible.  Checks should be made out to "The Fund for
Constitutional Government" and sent to EPIC, 666 Pennsylvania Ave.,
SE, Suite 301, Washington DC 20003. Individuals with First Virtual
accounts can donate at Your contributions will help support Freedom of Information Act and
First Amendment litigation, strong and effective advocacy for the
right of privacy and efforts to oppose government regulation of
encryption and funding of the National Wiretap Plan.
Thank you for your support.
  ---------------------- END EPIC Alert 4.13 -----------------------

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:32:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Child Molester Prevention and Effective Sentencing Act 
The problem with all the current bills like original SAFE and ProCODE is
that they're too wimpy, abstract, arcane. Who cares about protecting
business? Nobody, at least not when you'll be dubbed soft on crime. So
what's the one thing everyone cares about and wants to protect?
Yes, that's right: CHILDREN!!!! I think someone should introduce a bill
called "The Child Molester Prevention and Effective Sentencing Act of
The summary: "To reduce crime, protect our children, and secure our private
communications from child molesters, pedophiles, and various perverts, this
bill would spur the development of privacy-enhancing technologies by
removing all export controls on encryption products."
Who would ever vote against the CMPA? Who wants to be soft on child
molesters and random perverts? Not even Louis Freeh could successfully
oppose this one...
(Okay, okay. It's a Friday. Time for me to go home...)
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-27 10:55:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Dimitri, please forward your original message complaining about being
misquoted in my Netly article. I don't remember such a thing. Of course you
were whining in general back then, but that's hardly surprising.
I've never styled myself as a "freedom fighter." I do support property
rights, and the right to do what you want with your own computer is
certainly one of those.
Feel free to read f-c. The archives are publicly available on the web, and
have been for years.
Unless Vulis says something interesting, this will be my last response to
him. Sometimes it's not worth it to dignify a post with a reply.
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-09-27 13:14:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Charles Platt on wiretaps, government abuse of power 
[Charles is an author, a Wired contributor, and a friend. --Declan]
When I visited EPIC in DC I was told (reliably, I think) that wiretaps are
not in fact a widely used technique in federal law enforcement--at least,
not wiretaps that are done via correct legal procedure, with a court
Subsequently I spoke to a friend whose father is an officer in Indiana
state police; and he was of the opinion that "unofficial" wiretaps at the
local level are relatively common as a means of confirming police
suspicions prior to a fullscale investigation to obtain evidence
admissible in court. (Obviously an illegal wiretap is not admissible.)
Of course this is anecdotal, but it looks to me as if the real use for
wiretaps--in today's society, at least--is as an informal timesaver. Tap
someone's phone for a few days, see if there's anything interesting, and
if there is, THEN pursue a formal investigation.
Of course, Freeh may have ambitions extending far beyond this relatively
trivial, low-level stuff. Even if he didn't, though, you could see that
law enforcement would feel pissed about being deprived (potentially) of a
convenient labor-saving tool. Since it costs Freeh nothing to agitate in
favor of Total Access, why not give it a try? Demand something
unreasonable, then settle for whatever he can get.
As for the Constitution ... this of course is merely an archaic concept
to which officials pay occasional lip service, like lapsed Catholics who
still take communion once in a while, just to keep up appearances.
The one positive aspect of all this is that officials and appointees are
exposing themselves--proudly, without apology--as the unprincipled,
corrupt opportunists we always suspected they were. As the radical British
Member of Parliament Ken Livingstone once remarked (in a public speech):
"When you get into politics, you find that all your worst nightmares about
it turn out to be true, and the people who are attracted to large
concentrations of power are precisely the ones who should be kept as far
away from it as possible."

@_date: 1997-10-01 03:21:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Till Debt Do Us Part, cost of the CDA, from Netly 
The Netly News
September 30, 1997 (
Till Debt Do Us Part
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
     Ever since challenging the Communications Decency
Act in early 1996, the two coalitions that filed the
lawsuit have appeared unbeatable. Not only did a
Philadelphia court rule that the law violated the
Constitution's guarantees of freedom of speech, but
the Supreme Court unanimously agreed in June.
     Now one group's string of victories may be
ending. The Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT),
which organized the high tech lawsuit, may lose its
final battle: getting reimbursed nearly $600,000 for
money spent on lawyers.
     Under federal law, only nonprofit groups or
corporations worth less than $7 million can request
attorney's fees after successfully challenging an
unconstitutional law. The Department of Justice claims
that since such wealthy firms as America Online,
Microsoft, Apple and CompuServe paid for much of the
lawsuit, CDT should not be reimbursed. The government
has asked for four months to investigate, charging in
court papers that "other entities actually bore the
costs of the litigation and merely funneled money
through" CDT.
     In other words, if Microsoft had hired the
lawyers, Bill Gates couldn't get reimbursed. The DoJ
claims that Microsoft "funneled" the cash through CDT,
which then turned around and asked Uncle Sam for a
     CDT opposes the government's request for
additional time. Documents filed in Philadelphia
district court last Friday show that the money raised
was from a broad coalition of groups, not all of which
expect reimbursement, says CDT's director, Jerry
Berman. "Maybe all the money doesn't qualify, maybe we
can't get all of it back. But certainly the small
associations, CDT's money and the library money ought
to come back."
     A major contributor to the lawsuit (and the lead
plaintiff) was the American Library Association and
the related Freedom to Read Foundation, which spent
$475,000. The total costs of the lawsuit, though,
ballooned to more than $1.3 million, and CDT still
needs to raise $200,000. (CDT can't ask to be
reimbursed for the full amount since its attorneys
charged much more than the $130 an hour the law sets
as an upper limit.)
     Even as CDT faces a tough struggle, the American
Civil Liberties Union -- which led a coalition of nonprofit
groups in a separate but coordinated lawsuit -- is
optimistic about recovering roughly $400,000 in
expenses. "[The law] was exactly intended to encourage
organizations like the ACLU Foundation, which was set
up to handle these kinds of cases on behalf of people
who don't have the resources to handle these cases
themselves," says Barry Steinhardt, the ACLU associate
     Unlike the CDT coalition -- which employed a law
firm and was funded by outside groups -- the ACLU used
its own lawyers and money and has been reimbursed for
similar lawsuits before. Last Friday the ACLU filed
court documents saying it was eligible for attorney's
fees and arguing against delaying its request past
     If CDT receives attorney's fees, the group says
it first will use the money to settle outstanding
bills owed to the Washington law firm of Jenner &
Block, which has capped its fees at $1.1 million.
"Other than payments to Jenner & Block (and possibly
to the ALA), all proceeds will be used by [CDT ] to
further the general goals of... protecting free speech
on the Internet and empowering families who are using
the Internet to protect their children from material
they judge inappropriate," CDT deputy director Danny
Weitzner says in court documents.
     At issue here is the relationship between CDT,
the lawsuit's funders and the Citizens Internet
Empowerment Coalition, a project of CDT. The Justice
Department has asked the CDT plaintiffs to respond to
40 pages of detailed questions and requests to turn
over documents. "The existence and nature of the fee
arrangements among the plaintiffs is critical to
determining whether ineligible parties are the real
parties in interest," the government says. The
"ineligible" parties who helped out: America Online
($130,000), CompuServe ($50,000), Microsoft ($75,000),
Netcom ($10,000), and Prodigy ($75,000).
     Even if CDT and the ACLU can show they qualify
for a check, they have one more hurdle to leap: to
show the Justice Department was wrong to defend the
CDA as constitutional.
     You might think that after enduring 18 months of
humiliating defeats in two district courts and the
Supreme Court, the Clinton administration might be
willing to throw in the towel and admit the law was
brain-dead from the beginning. You'd be wrong.
Unbelievably, the government claims it was correct to
argue all the way to the Supreme Court that the CDA
did not violate the First Amendment. Says the Justice
Department, "Defendants will demonstrate that their
defense of the CDA was substantially justified and
that plaintiffs' requests for fees should be denied on
that basis alone."
Declan McCullagh
Time Inc.
The Netly News Network
Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-10-01 05:48:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: American Journalism Review on perils of Internet ratings 
X-Rated Ratings?
                The Clinton administration and the Internet industry
                have championed voluntary ratings for Web sites to
                create a ``family-friendly'' environment in cyberspace.
                Their campaign nearly led online news organizations to
                create a licensing system for Web journalism.
                By J.D. Lasica
                From AJR, October 1997
                WHEN PRESIDENT CLINTON challenged the high-tech industry
                this summer to create a ``family-friendly Internet'' by
cleaning up
                cyber-smut and other offensive content, newspaper editorials
                applauded the president's decision to forgo government
                regulation and let private industry police the Net.
                     Few realized that the White House's ``parental empowerment
                initiative'' would plunge online news publications headlong
                the thorniest thicket of free speech issues in the history of
                cyberspace--and lead to the news media's rejection of the
                president's proposal when it comes to their own Web sites.
                     The fate of an Internet self-rating system, however,
                far from settled. And the online news media's actions in recent
                weeks have been riddled with more intrigue than a John Le Carr*
                thriller--with the final chapters still unwritten.
                     Consider the questions the online news world took up after
                the president's call for an Internet ratings system: How would
                Web news sites rate themselves for violence, language and
                frankness when publishing stories involving war, murder, rape,
                gang shootings, domestic abuse, hate crimes and teenage
                pregnancy?
                     If an exception is carved out for news sites, which
sites would
                qualify? Where do you draw the line between news and
                information, entertainment, propaganda and opinion? And who
                decides?
                     If news sites refuse to rate themselves, will they be
shut off
                from a growing number of parents and others who are
                demanding filters on their Web browsers?
                     Finally, will the entire ratings scheme transform the
Net from
                a global democratic village into a balkanized, regulated medium
                where foreign despots can easily censor any material that
                from the party line?
                     Questions like these are now being vigorously debated by
                online journalists who've barely had time to catch their breath
                after the U.S. Supreme Court slapped down the Communications
                Decency Act in June.
                     The Clinton administration has adopted the approach
                championed by the Internet industry, which fears another effort
                by Congress to clamp down on ``indecent material'' in
                cyberspace. At the July 16 Internet summit at the White House,
                the president called on such companies as Netscape, America
                Online and IBM to give parents the tools needed to shield
                children from obscenity, violence and antisocial messages
on the
                Net.
                     ``We need to encourage every Internet site, whether or
not it
                has material harmful to minors, to rate its contents�to help
                ensure that our children do not end up in the red-light
                of cyberspace,'' Clinton said.
                     The assembled captains of industry obliged. Netscape
                indicated it would support Internet ratings in its next
                meaning that about 97 percent of all browsers will support
                Internet ratings. (Microsoft's Internet Explorer 3.0 already
                includes ratings as an option for parents to turn on.) The
                engines Lycos, Excite and Yahoo! also fell into line,
pledging to
                ask for ratings labels for all Web sites in their directories.

@_date: 1998-12-02 04:23:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New Brady Bill Implications 
It does not affect sale of firearms by non-dealers (non-FFL holders). Look
for the Clinton administration to try to change this; at a press conference
today the DC reporter rat-pack was moaning about unregulated gun shows.
It does affect non-sale transfers by FFLs. Per the DoJ rule: "NICS checks
apply to transfers and are not limited to firearm sales."
I have an article up at  shortly about the privacy implications.

@_date: 1998-12-02 08:48:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New Brady Bill Implications 
I was chatting for a while this afternoon with Larry Pratt of GOA
( He pointed out that the NRA's compromising
stance is not new. They've supported many, many pieces of gun control
legislation since around the 1930s. Today at their press conference, a
phlanx of NRA reps stressed that they really want this instant check.
Necessary for law enforcement, whatever.
The NRA is the CDT of the gun world.
Remember when CDT's staff (before they left EFF) cut a deal on the Digital
Telephony/CALEA bill and endorsed it? Now, years later when some of the
provisions kick in, they're upset that the Justice Department wants more
power than the law allows.
Same thing's happening here with the NRA. What a surprise.

@_date: 1998-12-02 09:17:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New Brady Bill Implications 
Well,actually the FBI is claiming it will be used for audits, including
appeals from denials, not just statistical purposes.
Also interesting in this is the lack of outrage from self-proclaimed
"privacy advocates" -- really leftists who think it's OK to restrict guns.
Though some are better than others.
legally is
instant check.

@_date: 1998-12-02 13:53:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fwd: FC: Gun groups take aim at new FBI database 
I've been chatting with Marc after he read the article; he confirmed his
stance and elaborated on it. I'll see if I can get his permission to
forward the message.
ACLU ("what second amendment?") takes the same position,I believe.

@_date: 1998-12-06 03:49:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions 
[y2k latrine analysis snipped]
I note for the record that this latest thread represents a serious and
probably departure in tone from cypherpunkly nose-in-the-air dismissals of
Y2K problems as recently as 6 or 7 months ago.

@_date: 1998-12-08 06:00:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
Many libertarians would not object if local state law punished rapists or
burglars by sending them to prison with labor requirements.
So if it is an acceptable punishment in principle, the question then
becomes who should qualify.
The problem with Tim's analysis is that if we extend the punishment to
anyone who's benefited from government tax-n-spending that libertarians
oppose, it's hard to find anyone *not* to put in the workcamp. Anyone who
takes advantage of public transportation (like the Metro here in DC), or
federally-funded interstates, etc. could conceivably qualify. And what
about all those folks with unconstitutional federal student loans?
And fundamental fairness principles suggest that punishment should not be
limited to welfare for individuals. Why shouldn't corporate welfare qualify?
Tim owns substantial shares of Intel Corp. stock, and Intel is a prime
beneficiary of corporate welfare. Check out last month's Time magazine
cover story at: Should just the directors of Intel, or also the shareholder owners be
A more moderate approach that seems more logically consistent might be to
limit punishment to state actors and agents (assuming you agree with this
concept of vengeance to begin with). There's a big difference between an
FBI agent engaging in what he might occasionally suspect to be
unconstitutional searches and busts and someone who picks up an occasional
unemployment check.

@_date: 1998-12-09 06:11:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
BTW BTP has just come out with a Y2K book. It's a great read.

@_date: 1998-12-09 09:06:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
Well, if you're worried about worst-case scenarios (or variants on them)
it's as good as any and probably better than most. They've got everything
from gun tips to goat-raising.
I enjoyed it, FWIW. It doesn't make a pretense of saying what-if like a
bunch of the other books does: this says social unrest is damn near certain.

@_date: 1998-12-09 12:29:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reinsch On Crypto/Wassenaar 
Note I have an article up at wired.com about Reinsch's speech yesterday on
crypto at a defense/critical inf event.

@_date: 1998-12-09 23:56:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
Boston on Surviving Y2K
By Boston T. Party
Common Law Copyright 1998 by Javelin Press
ISBN 1-888766-05-0
$22 softcover, $12.30 in bulk
I have seen a web site for this book, though don't have it bookmarked. Try

@_date: 1998-12-10 06:06:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
I have been told in email that the correct URL is (not the same as the wired digital site)

@_date: 1998-12-20 06:37:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Preemptive, proactivism 
April 1 is coming early, I see.
I go to White House events and other meetings inside the WH complex
regularly, and believe me, there are other options the SS has besides
asking reporters to go shoeless.

@_date: 1998-12-21 00:42:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anthrax Theatre 
Damn! You've found us out.
Time to alert The Cabal.

@_date: 1998-12-22 03:47:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Friedman (The Younger) Sings... 
I see Bob is incorrectly assuming that the folks at the Cato Institute knew
nothing about cryptoanarchy before David's speech this fall...
(The audience may be a different story, though.)

@_date: 1998-12-23 04:53:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: politically correct bomb graffiti 
Guess folks in WWII shouldn't have been calling the enemy "Krauts."
Now it's okay to slaughter Iraqis -- but we can't make fun of them.
These are odd times.

@_date: 1998-12-23 23:08:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Polish Telecommunications 
Last week I did a USIA (think Voice of America) video broadcast to Poland,
and delivered a speech to Polish journalists about Y2K. The consensus among
them and the US embassy staffers who facilitated the discussion was that
bigger companies might be okay and smaller ones wouldn't. But since (the
journalists told me) the Polish people are used to hardship, it wouldn't be
as big of a deal as it would be in the US.
Washington, DC

@_date: 1998-12-24 00:12:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jury Duty 
If you want to vote your conscience (if it's a drug prosecution and you
don't agree with drug laws for instance), there are a few organizations
that you might want to look at. Maybe check out  which
last I checked had an advertisement for a new book on jury nullification
etc. on their home page.
a regular employee and see no way out except to report. The old
self-employment, financial burden exemption no longer applies.
myself (I live in AZ), or if I do
conscious, aka jury nullification?
and it seems we shall
really paid attention because it didn't affect me. would get me better

@_date: 1998-02-03 01:53:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A new crypto-campaign, from Time/Netly News 
SHOULD THE GOVERNMENT READ YOUR CYBERMAIL?
Time Magazine
February 9, 1998
Page 20
A few years ago, ED GILLESPIE was busy orchestrating the
Republican takeover of Congress as the G.O.P.'s top
spinmeister. Now the man behind the Contract with America
is shifting to high tech as he battles a new foe: a plan to
ban software capable of encoding messages so securely that
police can't crack them. A law proposed by the FBI would
mandate an electronic peephole in all encryption programs
so that government agents can read your files. The FBI
claims this is necessary to protect against criminals. But
Silicon Valley chiefs see this as a threat, and are
equipping Gillespie with a multimillion-dollar lobbying and
media budget. Joining him to woo Democrats is lobbyist JACK
QUINN, former counsel to Bill Clinton and ex-chief of staff
to Al Gore.
--By Declan McCullagh/Washington
For details on the new encryption campaign, check out today's Netly News
(netlynews.com) at:

@_date: 1998-02-03 02:05:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Airline ticket information -- help 
I'm trying to find out what airline flight someone is taking. I have a name
and know the general travel plans and likely date. How can I find out the
airline, flight number, and seat number? This is somewhat urgent. (You have
my assurance that the purpose is legit.)
If anyone has any ideas, I'd appreciate the help.

@_date: 1998-02-03 02:42:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Airline ticket information -- help 
Hah! Assuming this IS what I'm trying to get (and confidentiality binds me
from saying if it is or not), you didn't post the seat number. Keep sleuthing, Inspector May!

@_date: 1998-02-07 04:14:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Software Money 
The Netly News (
February 2, 1998
Software Money
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Successful political campaigns follow a simple formula: 1) Spend
   heaps of money; 2) Puzzle out how to squeeze your message into one
   sentence, or, better yet, a bumper sticker.
        Silicon Valley finally got the first part right. Software
   chieftains, historically eager to squander cash on doomed marketing
   campaigns but loath to spend the same opposing government regulations,
   are about to ante up millions to detangle the skein of rules that
   restrict sales of data-scrambling encryption software. Sure, it's
   pocket change to California's zillionaires, but it may be just enough
   to get their deregulatory point across in the nation's capital.
       Together the duo will coordinate the lobbying and media efforts
   of a new industry coalition, as yet unnamed but likely to be dubbed
   something like the Alliance for Computer Privacy. The
   soon-to-be-announced project (contracts haven't been signed yet) grew
   out of the Alliance for a Secure Tomorrow, which firms hurriedly
   created last fall to battle FBI-backed legislation banning software
   such as PGP, which is capable of encoding messages so securely that
   police can't crack them. But the AST languished. Soon CEOs of more
   than a dozen high-tech companies started talking about a more
   aggressive approach. "The only time you're going to win this battle is
   when you put money on the table," says Lauren Hall of the Software
   Publishers Association.

@_date: 1998-02-07 04:18:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FW: SEC Rule Announcement 
Peter is quite right that the interesting part is HOME computers. It's the
Electronic Messaging Association, BTW. My article with comments from them,
SEC, NASD, ACLU, etc. is at:
   The SEC may have approved a rule that violates federal law.

@_date: 1998-02-07 06:14:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The schizophrenic White House and the Internet 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Of course, this means gov't hands off crypto policy, too, right?

@_date: 1998-02-08 05:34:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington on the verge of being nuked? 
I live in Adams Morgan, perhaps a mile from downtown Washington. Of course
I work in the heart of DC, in the lobbyist corridor, blocks from the White
House and agencies like the FCC. (Note to terrorists: the Pentagon is miles
away, on the other side of the Potomac. Take the blue or yellow Metro
lines. You can lug your H-bomb through the handicapped turnstiles for no
additional fee.)
I've tentatively decided against moving all the way to West Virginia, which
is 60 miles away. I'm now thinking of moving around 40 miles out, close to
the WV border tho still in Virginia. Main reason is the commute. But it'll
still be in farm country.
Still, as I've said before, if terrorists are going to blow anything up, it
makes more sense for them to go after Manhattan. Though it is on an island,
which might make logistics and escape (?) difficult.

@_date: 1998-02-11 02:20:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
Some of my articles are at:
  As for the market, it's already deciding. NetNanny does NOT encrypt its
list of blocked sites and is using that as a competitive advantage.

@_date: 1998-02-11 02:26:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cyber 'Nannys" 
There are many bad laws on the books. Doesn't mean they're good ones,
Many "consumer protection" laws in truth hurt consumers through more
government regulation, reduced competition, and higher prices.

@_date: 1998-02-11 03:13:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Feinstein explains why she supports crypto-restrictions 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I received a response to the "Letter to Senator Feinstein" today. It reads
as follows:
February 3, 1998
Mr. Christopher Allen
President and CEO
Consensus Development Corporation
2930 Shattuck Avenue
Suite 206
Berkeley, California  94705
Dear Mr. Allen
of high technology companies on encryption policy. from the companies who sent the letter. I want to assure you that both I
and my staff do meet regularly with executives from California firms who
are concerned about all aspects of our government's laws and policies
regarding the high tech industry. Indeed, I cannot recall ever rejecting a
request for a meeting with a CEO on the issue of encryption or other
matters of great import. just call my or my scheduler, Trevor Daley at 202/224-9636. that I favor, included mandated key recovery. However, I am concerned that
whatever solution is devised must provide solutions to the issues raised
by FBI Director Louis Freeh, which have been reinforced by classified
briefings and public hearings that I have attended. encryption please review a Question & Answer interview I gave to the San
Jose Mercury News last September. My answers, though general in nature,
accurately set forth my thinking. However I recognize the complicated
nature of encryption and am eager to hear industry proposals. I look
forward to a continuing dialogue on this issue with you and your
colleagues. (enclosure: "Why Feinstein is supporting encryption curbs", San Jose
Mercury News, Monday, September 15th, 1997, page 1E)

@_date: 1998-02-11 14:55:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Transcript of Hillary Clinton's comments on Net-regulation 
Here's what Hillary Clinton said this afternoon about regulation of the
Internet during an otherwise routine press conference in the Map Room
about the "Millenium Evenings." Tonight at 7 pm EST she and the president
will cybercast the first one from the east room of the White House. It's hardly surprising that our elected officials don't like the ability
of the Internet to provide everyone with a platform. Even Thomas Jefferson
kvetched about the excesses of the press of his day and in 1783 and 1788
endorsed laws that permitted government prosecutions of the press for
printing "false facts."
Though I somehow suspect that the first lady has recently been more
worried about media reporting facts that may turn out to be true...
     Q I just wanted to ask you about something that Gregg said.
He's obviously an Internet enthusiast.  But when he talked about some
of the aspects of the system -- the fact that you could say something
and you can't take it back, how it's so available to everyone and
instantaneous, he's raised some issues that have been issues for us
in the last few weeks in our business.  And I wonder if you think
that this new media is necessarily an entirely good thing.  And also,
as somebody who has been through this crucible, in the next
millennium how would you like to see this new and ever more
interesting -- (laughter) -- handled of things like the issues like
the personal lives of public figures.
that Dick was referring to, that we're going to have to really think
hard about.  And I think that every time technology makes an advance

@_date: 1998-02-11 20:08:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Me & Louis Freeh 
Geez, I was wondering why I hadn't heard anything from Vulis in so long.
Forgot I killfiled him half a year ago.
Now I remember why.

@_date: 1998-02-20 04:46:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress getting involved in crypto this year 
I'm in the CFP computer room listening to CDT's Alan Davidson finish his
comments on a panel discussion about crypto: "Congress is getting involved
in the crypto debate. Bad things may happen, good things may happen. It
depends on all of you."
Anyone want to bet on the possibility of Congress doing a "good thing" on
crypto? Remember, there's no bill being considered in either house of the
Congress that does *not* have domestic controls on encryption: the
crypto-in-a-crime penalties.
Now Jason Mahler, from the Office of Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif),
is speaking. He stressed that the House Commerce committee "resoundingly"
voted down the FBI's bill last September -- but neglected to say that the
panel approved included a *doubling* of crypto-in-a-crime penalties. He
says Lofgren's plans are to push crypto legislation this year: "Hopefully
if we get it [passed] in the House in the spring we'll move to the
Senate." What about a presidential veto? "We're going to put pressure on
the administration."
Now Mahler is talking about how much support the SAFE bill has in the
House (yes, the version of SAFE with crypto-in-a-crime penalties) and how
it's a good thing. True, a majority of members of the House were at one
point cosponsors. But this is a misguided way to look at the situation.
Some of these "cosponsors" and "crypto supporters" voted for the FBI's
bill. Others, like the late Sonny Bono, ended up speaking out against it. Lobbyists are about to find out that the support for crypto freedom in the
Congress is wide but very, very shallow.

@_date: 1998-02-20 05:08:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SF Chronicle on Sen. Dianne Feinstein: "Feinstein Offline" 
Feinstein Offline
Her law-and-order stance irks tech industry Jon Swartz, Chronicle Staff Writer
Thursday,ï¿½February 19, 1998 Despite Silicon Valley's growing economic and political clout, a chorus
of high-tech executives have complained that U.S. Senator Dianne
Feinstein is unresponsive and, at times, hostile to their interests --
especially when it comes to the Internet. ``She is in the forefront of senators voting against the Internet,''
said Jerry Berman, executive director of the liberal Center for
Democracy and Technology in Washington, D.C. ``On a scale of 1 to 10, in
terms of being on the side of Internet freedom, she gets a 1.'' Feinstein voted in favor of bills banning the distribution of
bomb-making instructions, pornography and personal information over the
Internet. She wants to impose fines and jail terms for people who gamble
online. She supports strict export controls on encrypted software. And
she has joined the move to ban laptop computers on the Senate floor. ``Isn't it ironic that the senator from California and the former mayor
of San Francisco appears to be running against the Internet?'' said
Stanton McCandlish, program director at The Electronic Frontier
Foundation, a civil libertarian organization in San Francisco. David Sobel, legal counsel at the nonpartisan Electronic Privacy
Information Center in Washington, D.C., said Feinstein is ``perceived to
be less supportive of the Internet and the computer industry than one
would expect.'' Feinstein -- a rumored vice presidential candidate in 2000 -- dismisses
the criticism as ``nonsense'' and says her record is ``replete'' with
technology-friendly legisla tion in securities litigation reform, R&D
tax credits and education. In September 1996, Feinstein was one of the few Democrats to override
President Clinton's veto of the securities-litigation reform legislation
that the high-tech industry desperately wanted. She also pushed hard for
the permanent extension of R&D tax credits in both the Taxpayer Relief
Act of 1997 and the 1996 Small Business Job Protection Act. Both bills
were passed into law. But Feinstein's strong law enforcement stance works ``to the detriment''
of the Internet, Sobel said. ``She accepts, without question, law
enforcement's claims about the dangers of the Internet.'' In Feinstein's view, ``This whole cyberspace is moving so fast that one
has to be sure that kids are protected,'' she said. ``I'm concerned when
kids blow themselves up by building bombs (they learned to make) over
the Internet, when Social Security card numbers are made available
online and when pedophiles punch up children's names. There is a
philosophy that anything goes. ``I recognize the primacy of the First Amendment,'' she added. ``But
privacy goes two ways. I think prudent laws to protect children may well
be necessary. There should be a balance.'' Feinstein's most controversial stand is on encryption, the technology
that allows digital information to be scrambled and sent securely over
the Internet. Strong encryption is used within the United States to
protect the transmission of credit-card numbers, trade secrets and other
confidential information. But national security laws stretching back to the Cold War prohibit the
export of software with strong encryption. Law enforcement officials
want to be able to crack the code in case it's used by terrorists, drug
traffickers, economic saboteurs or others plotting against the United
States. High-tech companies say they want to be able to export software with
strong encryption because they're losing billions of dollars in
potential sales to foreign competitors who aren't subject to the same
restrictions. A bill called the Security and Freedom Through Encryption (SAFE) Act,
co-sponsored by Representative Anna Eshoo, D-Atherton, would relax
export controls. But a rival bill co-written by Senators John McCain, R-Ariz., and Bob
Kerry, D- Neb., titled the Secure Public Network Act would go the other
way and impose controls on use of encrypted software domestically. Feinstein favors the latter bill but doesn't think it goes far enough.
She thinks anyone who uses encrypted software should make a key to
unlock their code available to law enforcement authorities. During a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on encrypted software last
fall, Feinstein said that nothing short of mandatory domestic control of
encrypted software would be acceptable. She added that no high-tech CEO
had contacted her about the issue. Feinstein's comments caused a furor. A January 15 letter from 26
high-tech executives sent exclusively to Feinstein stated: ``We were disappointed by your comments. . .implying that California
companies are ambivalent regarding your position on encryption policy. ``California companies and industries nationwide are united in
opposition to domestic and export controls,'' the letter stated. It
closed with the names of chief executives from Netscape Communications,
America Online, Pacific Bell, 3Com, Sun Microsystems, Autodesk, Adobe
Systems, RSA Data Security and others. ``I was nothing short of shocked,'' said RSA Data Security CEO Jim
Bidzos. ``For someone to take such an extreme position on such an
important issue without touching base with her constituency is
unbelievable.'' Explaining her position in an interview, Feinstein said, ``When a
particular situation involves public safety, there should be some means
for recovery of encrypted information by law enforcement that falls
within the strict confines of due process of law. ``If industry can come up with a way to provide the same law enforcement
access without a mandatory key-recovery system, I would support it,''
she said.

@_date: 1998-02-20 05:16:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TechNet on Feinstein, SF Chron article, and encryption 
Below is the awaited article about Senator Feinstein and Internet
I also want to make sure that TechNet's position on the encryption
debate is clear.  While encryption regulations are not the only major
issue facing the industry, we recognize that they are extremely
important to many (including most of TechNet's members). While TechNet as an organization is not playing a role in the debate, we
believe the dialogue that we facilitate between tech CEOs and public
officials will help further all of our collective goals-including the
industry's domestic and export crypto goals.
Regarding Senator Feinstein, we hope that future meetings between her
and the industry are productive on encryption and other important
We do wholeheartedly appreciate the Senator's leadership with education
and securities litigation reform-TechNet's two policy goals.
Sean Garrett
Alexander Communications (representing the Technology Network)
Sgarrett at alexandercom.com

@_date: 1998-02-21 05:53:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report from CFP, from the Netly News (fwd) 
The Netly News Network (
February 20, 1998
Vive la Conference
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       Richard Stallman is nothing if not determined. For over two
   decades this bristly MIT geek has championed an arcane cause: free
   computer programs. Stallman wants you to have the right to twiddle
   your software -- to be able to add features, rewrite it and, if you
   can figure out how, teach it get down and do the fandango. Last month
   Netscape endorsed Stallman's idea by deciding to open the lid to its
   software toolbox and encouraging any interested programmer to tinker
   with it.
       Yesterday Stallman won an award from the Electronic Frontier
   Foundation for his efforts, including writing the popular (and, of
   course, free) EMACS text editor. "I was trying to give people
   freedom," he said during the ceremony at the Computers, Freedom and
   Privacy (CFP) conference.
       Stallman is the type of fellow who frequents CFP, an annual event
   that brings together academics, government officials and Pilot-toting
   bitheads. Sparring is commonplace. Lawyers from the ACLU and the
   Center for Democracy and Technology shouted at each other yesterday
   morning when debating whether to cut deals on legislation in Congress.
   Former FTC commissioner Christine Varney said that the government
   should regulate corporations' privacy practices, and Solveig Singleton
   from the Cato Institute argued on a panel that the private sector
   should (not that I'm biased or anything). But the folks who trekked to
   Austin, Texas, this week generally share a common goal: preserving the
   unique culture of the Internet.

@_date: 1998-02-23 08:17:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A virtual Swiss bank for the rest of us, from Time/Netly News 
Sicherheit und Privat will be issuing digital cash, digital letters of
credit, and use a secret-sharing crypto app on a Pilot to handle stock
trading. A bunch of cypherpunk regulars, including Black Unicorn, are
Below is my writeup that's in this week's Time magazine. For details check
out my article in today's Netly News:
  A VIRTUAL SWISS BANK FOR THE REST OF US
Time Magazine
March 2, 1998
Page 20
Got the urge for offshore banking but not the cash to try
it? Rather than saving up for a plane ticket to Grand
Cayman, check out a new online bank opening its virtual
doors this week. Sicherheit und Privat (Security and
Privacy) is an Austrian bank that offers encrypted
communications, digital cash transactions and a
privacy-protected MasterCard for a minimum deposit of
$1,000 (as opposed to $10K to $50K in a typical Swiss
bank). Could be just the thing for low rollers trying to
hide cash from a spouse's divorce lawyers--or the IRS.

@_date: 1998-02-25 08:26:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Group to Attack Clinton on Crypto 
Hold the applause. I wrote about this over two weeks ago:

@_date: 1998-02-28 15:00:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HP Crypto Export 
It's a sign of the times when Tim and I can agree on these things, or at
least recognize the same problems. Note NONE of HP's press materials
included that 1 year detail. --Declan
One-Year Itch
Even if you studiously ignore the arcana of encryption export rules, it's
worth paying attention to a new product from Hewlett Packard.
The government has OK'ed the overseas sale of HP's "VerSecure" boards and
computer chips that have full-strength encryption built in -- but turned
off by default. To engage the data-scrambling features, you'll need an
"activation token."
Catch is, however, that they last only one year, and the tokens also can
open a "key recovery" electronic peephole for snooping government agents.
This is the only way HP can hawk these things in France, a country with no
shortage of such police.
Now, the FBI wants to ban U.S. software without such peepholes. Doesn't
crypto-crippleware make it much easier for the government to issue only
key recovery tokens when everyone's existing ones expire?
"Whatever the law is in the U.S., we will comply," says CEO Lewis Platt.
--By Declan McCullagh/Washington

@_date: 1998-01-06 03:15:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
We have a good story in this week's Time that talks about how the ski
resort had repeatedly asked the Kennedys to knock it off. Including the
night before the accident. Even on the "fateful" afternoon, the ski patrol
had told the Kennedys -- the last on the slopes -- it was time to quit.
"Nevertheless, 36 members of the Kennedy party prepared to play."

@_date: 1998-01-06 07:20:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto-enemy senator gets cash from Johnny Chung 
Sen. Kerry is not as extreme as Sen. Kerrey, but he still is an enemy of
strong encryption. I wrote last year:
The committee also approved amendments proposed by
Kerry that would give jurisdiction over crypto exports
to a nine-member "Encryption Export Advisory Board."
The panel would "evaluate whether [a] market exists
abroad" and make non-binding recommendations to the
Here's what he's been up to recently...
        KERRY: DAMAGE CONTROL
12/29 resigned as chair of Sen. John Kerry's (D) camp. finance
cmte "in response to negative publicity that featured his ties"
to Kerry.  Crowe, "a longtime close personal friend and financial
supporter" of Kerry's, "reportedly decided that he had had enough
of critical newspaper stories, sources close to Kerry said."
Kerry, responding to the resignation which he termed
"understandable": "Bob Crowe has done an outstanding job for me,
often at the expense of his own personal life."  Crowe had "made
headlines" recently in regard to his role as a lobbyist for
Boston's Big Dig and his work for a firm hired by the Swiss
Bankers Assn. Kerry's finance cmte will be "'streamlined'" and
headed by Peter Maroney who was hired by the campaign last fall
Kerry received $10K in '97 from Dem contributor Johnny Chung
following Chung's "high-level meeting" with SEC officials,
arranged for him by Kerry's office soon after he paid a visit
there. A Kerry spokesperson "confirmed that Kerry's office
contacted the SEC" on Chung's behalf, "but she said it involved
no more than helping arrange "'a tour.'"  The DoJ is
investigating the contribution which Chung is said to have made
through several employees and others whom he reimbursed. Kerry
spokesperson Tovah Ravitz "acknowledged" that Chung was
approached for a donation "'numerous times because they were
nearing the end of a tough campaign.'" Although Ravitz said
Kerry's office arranged a tour for Chung, SEC officials "said the
request on behalf of Chung involved a briefing session" (12/24).
Boston Globe's Zitner follows up on the Times story, reporting
that Chung's visit to the SEC "was something more than a casual
tour but something less than special access to high government
official, the SEC said." Kerry's Ravitz said Chung made the
request for a stop at the SEC during an 8/96 visit, accompanied
by other Asian businessmen, to Kerry's office. Chung and the
others visited the SEC later the same day (12/25). On 12/26, USA
Today reported that Ravitz said the Times was incorrect in its
initial report (12/26).

@_date: 1998-01-07 02:10:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gadget Warfare, from the Netly News 
The Netly News (
January 6, 1998
Gadget Warfare
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       For a country with no real military rivals, the U.S. still
   manages to find an amazing number of enemies. Terrorists top the list
   of anti-American villains, according to a Pentagon report released
   last month.
        The 100-page document, called "Responses to Transnational
   Threats," describes how the military should respond to the threat of
   saboteurs and bombers aiming for violence, not victory. The solution,
   according to the Pentagon, is to develop a set of gadgets that would
   make even James Bond jealous:
         * STICKY ELECTRONICS Think SpiderMan's spidertracers, only smaller.
   "Sticky electronics" adhere to a suspected terrorist's clothing, hair,
   luggage or vehicle and report his location. These almost microscopic
   gizmos tune in to satellite signals and transmit their exact latitude
   and longitude. "To conserve battery (and mission life) they would
   respond only when" activated by a radio signal, the Pentagon says. And
   if you're the suspicious type, sprinkle some in your spouse's
   underwear.
         * DATA MINING If you worried about the FBI's jones for access to
   your data, wait 'til you find out what the military hopes to do. The
   Pentagon wants authority to sift through private-sector databases in
   hopes of tracking down, say, the World Trade Center bombers before
   they strike. The plan is to incorporate "real-time data on
   international border crossings, real-time cargo manifests, global
   financial transactions and the global network carrying international
   airline ticket manifests." As new private-sector databases are
   developed, "the baseline system would be augmented so that the
   correlation and fusion process becomes more automated." But the
   benefits of invading everyone's privacy are dubious: It's hard to
   imagine the alleged Unabomber, for instance, showing up in computer
   files.

@_date: 1998-01-07 02:31:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell article excerpt (Was: Letter on Jim Bell) 
I wrote this last summer:
Then Assassination Politics sent the IRS into a
tizzy. Jeffrey Gordon, an inspector in the IRS'
Internal Security Division, widened the
investigation immediately. He detailed in an
10-page affidavit how he traced Bell's use of
allegedly fraudulent Social Security Numbers, how
he learned that Bell had been arrested in 1989
for "manufacturing a controlled substance," how
he found out that Bell possessed the home
addresses of a handful of IRS agents. Gordon's
conclusion? Bell planned "to overthrow the
government." The IRS investigator said in his
affidavit that Bell's "essay details an illegal
scheme by Bell which involves plans to
assassinate IRS and other government officials...
I believe that Bell has begun taking steps to
carry out his Assassination Politics plan."
But for all Gordon's bluster in court documents,
he had no proof that Bell broke the law. He
didn't even have enough evidence to arrest the
prolific essayist -- at least not yet.
After the April 1 raid, Gordon and a team of IRS
agents worked to assemble a case against Bell.
They pored through the hard drives of the three
computers they seized. They scrutinized documents
from Bell's house. They interrogated his friends.
They listened to tape recordings of the
"Multnomah County Common Law Court." They scoured
the Net for mentions of Assassination Politics.
Six weeks later they felt their case was
IRS agents arrested Bell on May 16 and charged
him with obstructing government employees and
using false Social Security numbers. Now, this is
hardly attempting "to overthrow the government."
But government agents insist Bell is far more
dangerous than the charges suggest. (The judge
seemed to agree: at the time of this writing,
Bell is being held without bail.)
The latest IRS documents filed with the court
label Bell a terrorist. They claim he talked
about sabotaging the computers in Portland,
Oregon's 911 center, contaminating a local water
supply with a botulism toxin, extracting a poison
called Ricin from castor beans, and manufacturing
Sarin nerve gas. He allegedly bought and tested
some of the chemicals. "Bell has taken overt
steps to implement his overall plan by devising,
obtaining, and testing the materials needed to
carry out attacks against the United States,
including chemicals, nerve agents, destructive
carbon fibers, firearms, and explosives," the
complaint says.
But what really got the IRS in a stink was what
happened a month after they seized Bell's car.
The complaint says: "On March 16, 1997, a Sunday,
an IRS employee noted a strong odor in the
Federal building. On March 17, 1997, several IRS
employees had to be placed on leave due to the
odor, and another employee reported other ill
effects. The odor was traced to a mat and
carpeting... just outside the IRS office
entrance." The chemical proved to be "mercaptan,"
with which Bell's friends say he doused
an adversary's law office in the early 1980s.
Yet if Bell was a crypto-terrorist, he was a
singularly idle one. This is a problem with the
IRS' accusations: if true, they prove too much.
If Bell was bent on toppling the government, and
his exploits date back from the early 1980s, why
are they such laughably juvenile and ineffectual
ones? Stink-bombing offices isn't a Federal
felony, nor should it be.
"I would've thought this would be 'malicious
mischief,' at most," Tim May, one of the founders
of the cypherpunks, writes. "People who've done
far, far, far worse are left unprosecuted in
every major jurisdiction in this country. The
meat thrown to the media -- the usual AP stuff,
mixed in with 'radical libertarian' descriptions

@_date: 1998-01-07 03:19:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACM conference on computer-related policy (DC, 5/98) 
[The best policy for the Net is probably no policy, or at most a hands-off
one. We don't have national "policies" for how we should regulate, for
example, newspapers or bookstores, and we don't need such policies for the
Net. On universal service, we already have Internet connections that are
cheaper than cable TV; on copyright, the safest course is to let federal
courts decide; on crypto, most agree that the current "policy" is
misguided at best. --Declan]
    ASSOCIATION FOR COMPUTING (ACM) ANNUAL CONFERENCE
                * * *  POLICY98  * * *
         "Shaping Policy in the Information Age"
            Washington, DC, Renaissance Hotel
                    May 10-12, 1998
                  Preliminary Notice
      For Conference and Registration information see:
         The ACM Annual Conference will focus on public policy issues
affecting future applications of computing.  Our goal is to
forge stronger links between computing professionals and policy
makers.  Attendees will interact with prominent leaders from
academia, industry, Congress, and Executive agencies, and
participate in debates on policy issues including Universal
Access, Electronic Commerce, Intellectual Property, and
Education Online.
The conference will promote more regular engagement of computing
professionals in democratic processes related to productive use
of computing and information processing innovations.  A blend of
technical skills and policy insights are essential to cope with
the inherent opportunities and dangers of any transformational
technology.  Continuing collaborations between computing
professionals and policy makers will benefit citizens, consumers,
entrepreneurs, researchers, and students.  You can make a difference!
May 10: Ethical and social impacts papers and panels
May 11-12: Public policy panels and featured speakers
All Policy98 attendees are invited to the Annual ACM Awards Banquet
on Sunday evening May 10th, and a conference reception on Monday
evening May 11th.
PANEL TOPICS AND COORDINATORS
Universal Service: Ollie Smoot
What can be done to promote widespread access to the benefits of
the Internet? What is the role of government and the role of the
private sector in wiring schools, libraries, and medical facilities?
Electronic Commerce: Jim Horning
How much public policy does EComm need?  What problems would
inadequate, excessive, or misguided policies cause?  Can compromises
in areas like fair trade practices, fraud prevention, security, privacy,
law enforcement, and taxation advance the interests of all stakeholders?
Intellectual Property in Cyberspace: Pam Samuelson
What will be the impact of the WIPO agreements on copyright in
cyberspace? How should intellectual property be protected  and what
safeguards are necessary to protect libraries and academic institutions?
Education Online: Charles N. Brownstein
The Internet offers unparalleled opportunities for learning and teaching.
What public policy and technical challenges must be met to realize
these prospects?
CONFERENCE CO-CHAIRS
Ben Shneiderman, USACM (U.S. Public Policy Committee)
C. Dianne Martin, SIGCAS (ACM Special Interest Group
                       on Computers & Society)
PROGRAM COMMITTEE CHAIRS
Marc Rotenberg, Public Policy
Keith Miller, Ethics and Social Impacts
REGISTRATION INFORMATION
For more information, contact:  policy98 at acm.org
  or to register electronically, see:
    Early registrants and ACM members receive discounts.

@_date: 1998-01-07 05:14:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rep. Sonny Bono (R-California) dies at 62 
The Netly News / Afternoon Line
January 6, 1998
When Sonny Turns to Blue
   Rep. Sonny Bono, a Congressman better known for his songwriting than
   his lawmaking, died yesterday in a skiing accident. He was 62. Bono
   built his show-biz career on being the butt of Cher's jokes and found
   that he played a similar role in Washington, a town where
   self-deprecation is reviled, not admired. Washingtonian magazine once
   dubbed him the dumbest member of Congress, and commentators criticized
   his informal approach to lawmaking on the buttoned-down House
   Judiciary committee, on which the California Republican tackled
   Internet legislation. Early last year he staunchly opposed the FBI's
   demands for increased government snooping power but then backed down.
   He told me in September that at first he had not been "aware" of the
   details surrounding the encryption debate and there are others "we
   have to be concerned about." Bono also sponsored H.R. 1621 and H.R.
   2589, two copyright extension bills currently being considered by
   Congress. --Declan McCullagh/Washington

@_date: 1998-01-07 06:02:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: YAIPC (Yet Another Internet Policy Conference, 2/98) 
-->  WashingtonWeb Internet Policy Forum
More info at  and
Interactive Industry Leaders and Top Policy Makers to Meet at WashingtonWeb Internet Policy Forum
Washington in the Internet, key policy makers and Internet industry executives will come together for a strategic discussion about the impact of politics on the Internet.  Sponsored by the Association for Interactive Media, the WashingtonWeb Internet Policy Forum, February 9 and 10, 1998, is the premier top-level meeting between the Washington policy community and the leaders of the new media from very different backgrounds.  There needs to be an on-
going dialogue between the users and regulators of this powerful medium in order to ensure that businesses may continue to grow and serve the public.  The WashingtonWeb Internet Policy Forum is designed to facilitate this discussion," said Andy Sernovitz, President of the Association for Interactive Media.
sponsored bills regulating interactive businesses.  Federal regulatory agencies including the FCC, FTC, NTIA, Treasury, Federal Reserve, White House Office of Technology Assessment, and the Patent and Trademark Office, are considering new legislation and regulation.  Commerce on the Net will be forever shaped by the dozens of bills, regulations, and policy directives that are already on the table.  Participants will have the opportunity to interact with the very legislators and regulators who will make these WashingtonWeb include:  Pending Legislation and Regulation: The Industry Response; Potential Expansion of FTC and FCC Jurisdictions; Taxing the Internet; Beltway Wonks vs. Web Gurus; Consumer Concerns and Industry Self-Regulation.  Speakers (to date) include:  Representative Rick Boucher; Adam Theirer, Heritage Foundation; Adam Clayton Powell III, The Freedom Forum; Pete DuPont, IntellectualCapital.com.; Robin Raskin, Editor & Publisher, Family PC Magazine; Kenneth Dotson, CBS Sportsline; and Gordon Ross, NetNanny.  Sponsors include:  Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, Policy.com, CNN/Time All Politics, Net Nanny, IntellectualCapital.com, and Exodus Communications.
February 9 and 10, 1998, at the Willard intercontinental Hotel in Washington, DC.  CONTACT:	
Andy Dotson
Association for Interactive Media
andy at interactivehq.org
This message was sent to you because your company
is a member of the Association for Interactive Media.
Visit our web site:  AIM never releases email addresses to third parties.
To SUBSCRIBE or CHANGE YOUR ADDRESS, email a note
to yasha at interactivehq.org
To UNSUBSCRIBE, forward this message to:
unsubscribe-members at lists.interactivehq.org
[staff at interactivehq.org]
List server provided by Lyris --

@_date: 1998-01-07 06:13:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Question on U.S. Postal Service and crypto 
This is for a story for Time on the "new" U.S .Postal Service. I vaguely
recall the USPS trying to set digital signature standards and/or serve as
a CA. I'd like to mention this.
Can't remember the details, though. Does anyone have 'em (or a pointer to
them) handy?

@_date: 1998-01-08 03:55:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
In truth, I mistyped. Tim not only was talking about the frequency (and I
gather, the danger) of the conferences, he was responding to the ACM one,
not the WW one. Now, who attends these things?
1. Journalists
2. Government bureaucrats happy to have a day off from work, who want to
position themselves as "Net-savvy"
3. Lobbyists who bill it to clients
4. Think tank people who hope someone reads their papers
The Naderite "Appraising Microsoft" conference seemed to be populated
mainly by journalists, at some points.
These conferences can be dangerous. If the best thing for the Net is for
DC to leave it alone, that principle leaves no space for Washington
lobbyists who bill by the hour (and through the nose) for their expertise:
pressuring various portions of the government. This is why lobbyists,
including so-called "Net-lobbyists" are not what the Net, and freedom,

@_date: 1998-01-08 04:38:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
January 5, 1998: Information and registration details are now available on the Thursday, January 22, 1998 meeting in Washington, D.C.: "Internet Domain Name System - gTLD-MoU Information Session - An Opportunity to Meet Members of the Policy Oversight Committee (POC) and Council of Registrars (CORE) to Discuss Policy, Legal and Technical Aspects of the new Top Level Domains". See  for information
and registration form.
January 5, 1998: CORE will have a Plenary Meeting on January 21, 23, 24, 1998 in Washington, D.C.  See

@_date: 1998-01-08 04:38:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
I think I was the only full-time journalist invited to participate. There
were maybe four or so jlists covering it. From the web site:
Attendance at this conference will be by invitation only. About 35
individuals will represent a
variety of backgrounds and perspectives including the computing industry
(such as Internet service
providers, network administrators, and providers of "anonymizing"
services) the legal community,
professional societies, academic institutions, law enforcement agencies,
and other agencies of
government. Lobbyists need to show they're doing something to justify the money they
grab from corporations (many of which could be doing something better with
this cash, like R&D). Hence they host conferences and attend others.
There are very, very few groups out there that say Washington should take
a "hands off" approach to the Internet. Oh, sure, high tech firms
(including Microsoft) will use it as a good PR line but wait 'til they get
a chance to pass a criminal copyright bill. Even the librarians and
scientists, generally good on issues like content and copyright, spend
much of their time trying to grab more federal dollars. Like the new
federal phone tax the librarians and teachers pushed for: something like
$10-20/year per phone line. Then of course there's the religious right and the law enforcement
lobbyists, all of which have their own pet projects and legislation.
There are few groups who are consistently opposed to the government
mucking around with the Internet. Cato Institute, Competitive Enterprise
Institute, and maybe American Enterprise Institute and Citizens for Sound
Economy and the Federalist Society.
Very, very few.

@_date: 1998-01-08 04:43:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
(well actually a press conference)
January 7
holds a news conference to release a report on how the Internet was used
in politics last year and prospects for usage this year.

@_date: 1998-01-08 04:46:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
(disclaimer: I am speaking at this one)
                             Cyberjournalism98
    The best and brightest in cyberjournalism will explore the future of
    internet based news and reporting at the Cyberjournalism98 symposium
    on Jan. 8-10, 1998 in Washington, D.C. and jointly sponsored by the
                 National Press Club and the Freedom Forum.
                       For information on exhibiting atCyberjournalism98
contact Yvonne
   Miller at MediaMasters at rocketmail.com For information about attending
        the conference call Euraine Brooks at 703.284.2809 or email
                          ebrooks at freedomforum.org

@_date: 1998-01-08 05:10:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lessig on antitrust and government regulation 
Lessig is the special master appointed by the judge in the Microsoft
How do we know what theory is the right one, and when we should change it?

@_date: 1998-01-08 05:11:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
Look for more taxes to pay for rural phone connections
Connecting All
                                Americans for the 21st
                                       Century:
                                 Telecommunications
                                 Links in Low Income
                                 & Rural Communities
                                  February 24-27, 1998
                                  Washington, D.C.
                                 A Policy Conference & A
                                  Practitioners Workshop
                       sponsored by
           United States Department of Commerce
    National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA)
                           &
           The Public Utility Law Project (PULP)
  A Non Profit Public Interest Law Firm Representing Low Income and Rural
                        Consumers

@_date: 1998-01-08 05:13:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Too many "Internet Conferences" in Washington 
Washington, D.C.  - January 6, 1998 - Ira Magaziner, President      Clinton's domestic policy development advisor, will outline the U.S.      Government position on electronic commerce and reform of the Domain      Name System at the Internet Executive Summits in London (on January      19, 1998, by video conference link) and Washington (on February 4,      1998).  Magaziner has spearheaded the Clinton Administration's
efforts      on electronic commerce and has taken a leading role in the U.S.      Government's work on privatization of the Domain Name System.
     Sally Tate, joint managing director of Prince plc, which is      facilitating the Summits, said that "Governments around the world
want      the private sector to take the lead to reform and manage the
Internet.      The Internet Executive Summits will enable business leaders to have      direct participation in formulating the private sector initiative to      ensure that the solution will fully reflect its requirements."
     A U.S. Inter-Agency Taskforce, set up in April 1997, it is expected
to      issue policy recommendations based on responses to a request for      comments issued in July 1997 and thousands of pages of emailed      recommendations received each week.   Magaziner's team has also had      consultations with hundreds of major Internet and telecommunications      companies in Washington D.C. in December 1997.
     The open door global Internet Executive Summits in London (January      19-20, 1998) and Washington (February 3-4, 1998) will help to set the      agenda for transition of the current Internet Domain Name and      governance systems.  All delegates will be eligible to participate in      the reform committees / initiatives formed at the Summits.      Representatives from all Internet stakeholder groups are expected to      attend the Summits including: commercial organizations worldwide,      national governments and intergovernmental organizations, law firms /      corporate legal departments, Internet consumer groups (including the      research and education community), technology companies and Internet      service providers (ISP's).

@_date: 1998-01-09 03:01:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Journalism and the Internet conference at Freedom Forum 
Tomorrow's "Journalism and the Internet" conference will be webcast in its entirety, so those who cannot join us in person will be able to join sessions on line. Webcast listeners will also be able to submit questions and comments via e-mail for panelists during the webcast.
Below is the schedule (all times EST):
"Journalism and the Internet" conference
Rooftop Conference Center
The Freedom Forum
1101 Wilson Boulevard
Arlington, Virginia 22209
8:30 a.m. -- Welcome and introduction
Charles Overby, The Freedom Forum; Richard Sammon, National Press Club
9 a.m. -- Keynote address
Speaker: Steve Case, America Online
Moderator: Adam Powell
9:45 a.m. -- "Where are we/How did we get here?"
Panelists: Llewellyn King, King Publishing; Sam Meddis, USA TODAY; Stephen Miller, The New York Times; Marc Weiss, Web Development Fund
Moderator: Don Brown, QRadio
11 a.m. -- "Standards and ethics online"
Panelists: Rajiv Chandrasekaran, The Washington Post; Steven Levy, Newsweek; John Markoff, The New York Times; Jai Singh, CNET
Moderator: Lee Thornton, University of Maryland
12:30 p.m. -- Luncheon program -- "Sports journalism online: Special case or leading edge?"
Welcome: Peter Prichard, The Freedom Forum
Speaker: John Rawlings, The Sporting News
Moderator: Gene Policinski, The Freedom Forum
2:15 p.m. -- "Online journalism, governments and the First Amendment"
Panelists: Donna Demac, Georgetown University; Mike Godwin, Electronic Frontier Foundation; Declan McCullagh, Netly News/Time magazine; Lynn Povich, MSNBC
Moderator: Paul McMasters, The Freedom Forum
4 p.m. -- "Politics '98 online"
Panelists: Farai Chideya, ABC News; Kathleen deLaski, America Online; Mike Riley, CNN/Time's AllPolitics; Omar Wasow, MSNBC
Moderator: Robert Merry, Congressional Quarterly
Newseum Broadcast Studio
The Newseum
1101 Wilson Boulevard
Arlington, Virginia 22209
1 p.m. -- "Journalism and the Internet" public program
Journalist of the Day: John Markoff, The New York Times
We will also have live webcasts of the Saturday programs:
Newseum Broadcast Studio
The Newseum
1101 Wilson Boulevard
Arlington, Virginia 22209
1 p.m. -- "Journalism and the Internet" public program
Journalist of the Day: Jai Singh, CNET
2:30 p.m. -- "Journalism and the Internet" public program
Technology demonstration: John Pavlik, Center for New Media, Columbia University
Benjamin Davis, MSNBC
Steve Geimann, Society of Professional Journalists
Lisa Napoli, New York Times
Adam Clayton Powell, III
Vice President, Technology and Programs, The Freedom Forum
703-284-3553 fax 703-284-2879
apowell at freedomforum.org
apowell at alum.mit.edu

@_date: 1998-01-09 08:28:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Remailers & N.E.T. 
I would be very afraid of relying on the CDA's immunizing provisions as my
sole defense against prosecution, conviction, and jail time, were I a
remailer operator.

@_date: 1998-01-09 09:02:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Trade a Tape, Go to Jail?" from Wired News 
for Wired News today that might be of interest to anyone who trades tapes
on the Net, especially those who post their "lists" to the Web and accept
cash for trades - even when there is no profit involved.
"Trade a Tape, Go to Jail?"
Steve Silberman
Senior Culture Writer
WIRED News

@_date: 1998-01-09 12:55:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Remailers & N.E.T. 
Sure. That provision of the CDA was not meant to apply to remailer
operators but online services, which cut a deal on that bill. Prosecutors
would point, I suspect, to legislative intent and say remailer operators
aren't covered; they'd say the text of the law is not unambiguous.
It is not an impenetrable shield against time in Club Fed.

@_date: 1998-01-10 11:39:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Will the First Puppy go under the ax? 
Q: Mike, before getting to more important issues,
how come you
                        guys aren't neutering Buddy? (Laughter.)
                        MCCURRY: There are a lot of people around here who
have been
                        neutered, but I haven't heard a discussion of Buddy
                        neutered. I do not know the answer to that. I will
talk to the First
                        Dog owner and get the answer to that question.
                        Q: You would know if there was going to be an
                        today, wouldn't you?
                        MCCURRY: I would not go beyond what I just said -- the
                        Treasury Department is the place to go.
                        Q: On the neutering? (Laughter.)
                        MCCURRY: Not on neutering. Can you spay or neuter a
                        Q: Six months.
                        MCCURRY: Any dog owners out there that can help us?
                        Q: Mike, neutering is usually six months --
                        MCCURRY: That's what I thought. It's got to be a
little bit older.
                        Q: I heard that you were planning not to neuter him.
                        MCCURRY: I wasn't planning to do anything with him.
                        (Laughter.) Other than sucking up to the president
by scratching
                        little Buddy's belly from time to time. (Laughter.)
                        Q: It will, however, be at risk. (Laughter.)
                        MCCURRY: I'll find out on that. And I know your
                        appetite for dog trivia -- I will see if I can find
out about that.

@_date: 1998-01-13 02:23:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton in Texas last Friday (1/9/98, 6 pm CST) 
And I want you to see your dreams and your life against a larger landscape
of America's dream and America's life.  We already have one foot in the
21st century, and it's a time that will be very, very different from the
immediate past.  How will it be different? Well, you know and you see and
you feel it here in Texas. people and products and ideas and information will move rapidly across
national borders - both the borders that touch us like Texas and Mexico,
and the borders that are beyond the oceans that require us to fly or to
communicate in cyberspace.
science and technology.  Not only can children in Houston communicate with
children in Australia on the Internet, or go into libraries in Europe to
do research, but the very mysteries of the human gene are being unraveled
now in ways that offer breathtaking possibilities, to preserve the quality
and the length of human life, to fight back disease, and to bring people
together at a higher level of humanity than we've ever known. That's all
very encouraging.

@_date: 1998-01-14 08:08:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft Exploratorium, from The Netly News 
The Netly News (
January 13, 1998
Which Way the Windows
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Looks like it's upgrade time not just for Microsoft Windows, but
   also for Microsoft's legal strategy. As engineers frantically debugged
   the Windows 98 beta last week, senior Microsoft executives roamed
   Washington, D.C., apologizing for their previous arrogance and saying
   they had been misunderstood. Call it Microsoft PR 2.0. "What we have
   not done is communicate" the way the software works, Robert Herbold,
   Microsoft chief operating officer, told The Netly News last Friday.
        But will Microsoft's new humility appease federal judge Thomas
   Penfield Jackson, who already issued a preliminary injunction against
   the Redmond firm? He's scheduled to hear from the company's lawyers
   and the Department of Justice this morning. Both have spent a good
   chunk of the last month complaining about each other: The government
   says Microsoft violated the judge's order, and Microsoft says the
   government is "poorly informed."
        As his attorneys argue the law, Bill Gates will be practicing
   politics -- a skill that will come in handy if Congress holds more
   antitrust hearings when it returns in late January. Pundits have made
   much of Gates's Democratic sympathies, another image he's trying to
   discard (or at least upgrade). Today Gates is scheduled to sit down
   for a private chat with technophilic House Speaker Newt Gingrich
   (R-Georgia), who will also tour the Microsoft campus.
The Netly News / Afternoon Line
January 13, 1998
Microsoft Exploratorium
   The ugly guts of Microsoft Windows were on display today during a
   six-hour federal district court hearing in Washington, DC. Attorneys
   from Microsoft repeatedly pointed at a list of hundreds of .DLL and
   .EXE files and challenged the government to answer one deceptively
   simple query: Which files are part of Internet Explorer?
   The outcome of the case may well turn on the answer to that question,
   which lies at the heart of the Justice Department's beef with the
   software giant. Last month Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson ordered
   Microsoft to stop using its operating system's popularity to
   force-feed Internet Explorer to computer makers.
   But, again, which files belong to Internet Explorer? The government's
   witness ducked the question. "I can't go through your list and
   say which files are unique to Internet Explorer," replied
   author and computer consultant Glenn Weadock. "I don't think it's
   possible or even especially useful to define a list of files and say
   this is part of, or this is not a part of Internet Explorer."
   Which Microsoft has argued all along -- their browser is integrated
   into the operating system. Yanking it out, the company says, would be
   like amputating a leg: a person could only hobble along, at best. The
   government views this as a weak excuse, at best. "The court issued a
   very simple, broad order and Microsoft through its actions defied
   rather than complied with that order," said Justice Department trial
   attorney Phillip Malone. The government is asking Judge Jackson to
   hold Microsoft in contempt and levey a million-dollar-a-day fine.
   The hearing will continue tomorrow when Microsoft vice president David
   Cole testifies. - By Declan McCullagh/Washington

@_date: 1998-01-15 08:38:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Public choice theory and the politics of antitrust 
I wrote a little about public choice theory and the politics of antitrust
in my article last week:
  Attached are excerpts from recent posts to a law and economics mailing list
I'm on. I'm unsure of the reposting policy, so I'm deleting authors' names.
Should be good reading anyway.
Assume for the moment that Microsoft is doing something wrong that the
government should stop (a reach, I admit).  If that is the case, how did
the Justice Department come up with the figure of $1 million per day?  Is
that figure supposed to be compensatory, punitive, deterrent, or what?
What goal is a daily fine supposed to accomplish that some more
specifically-tailored remedy (injuntive relief, for instance) could
not?  Are there public choice explanations for what is driving this, and
if so, what are they?
The Government's argument, I believe, is that Microsoft violated the
consent order.  A fine under these circumstances should punish the party
that violated the order, deter it from violating the order again, and deter
others from violating other orders.
As for a public choice explanation, based upon the history of the
present Administration, I suspect that one could be found in the records of
the Federal Election Commission, i.e., I suspect that executives and
shareholders of Microsoft's enemies have made far larger political
contributions than Bill Gates and his colleagues.
Intel has in fact come under attack. The FTC has been investigating Intel
for several months. The charge is similar to the rap on Microsoft - trying
to dominate the inside of the computer by controlling the interface between
the processor and "helper chips." The wonder is that Intel hasn't taken
over the motherboard market - something that may also be more efficient,
just as seemless integration of the operating system and browser and other
applications is more efficient. Recall also that the FTC did in fact
investigate Intel in the early nineties, though it filed no charges in the
end. (I suspect that the FTC's institutional credibility is at stake. Since
this is the second Intel probe, they're going to have come back with at
least a symbolic consent decree.)
Still, I would grant that the attack on Microsoft is more strident.
Domestic political economy may play a role. Microsoft has vocal domestic
competitors (Oracle, Netscape and Novell, for example). It's no coincidence
that Republican Senator Hatch represents Novell's home state. Intel, in
contrast, is viewed as the company that's keeping the foreigners at bay.
Well yes, conduct and arrogance matter too. And sitting on a big pile of
cash helps. That explains why a number of state AG's jumped on the
anti-Microsoft bandwagon after the tobacco settlement.
Finally, yes, Windows is a terrible operating system and almost everyone
has an interest in seeing something better. (A confirmed Mac user, I
compare Windows to the aliens in "Men in Black:" arthropod DOS stuffed into
the skin of humanoid Mac.) Intel does have an incentive and the means to
come up with a better operating system: Windows hurts the demand for its
chips. Not surprisingly, Intel's Portland facility has 800 programmers
charged with coming up with something as cool as the operating system
developed by Next. Stay tuned.
[I interpret "substantial appropriable quasi-rents to be taxed away" as
"campaign cash or political contributions to be expropriated as necessary
by the government." --Declan]
There are two reasons to go after a successful company.  One possibility is
that it has substantial appropriable quasi-rents to be taxed away.  Even if
a company's equity is high, it is not readily taxable if the assets can
readily be withdrawn (e.g., Becker and Stigler's argument that Jews stayed
out of agriculture because they could too easily be expropriated).
The other reason for going after a successful company is to assist its
competition.  This may explain the attack on Microsoft ...
and probably the attack on Milken as well, if you are persuaded,
as I am, by Daniel Fischel's book on the case.
 There has been a lot of talk about how hard Clinton has been on
Microsoft. I wonder. Is it possible that Clinton has been
 soft on Microsoft?  Hi-Tech generally has been very pro-Clinton,
contributed a lot of money to him.  The fact that Justice is going
after Microsoft now is not determinative. It seems to me that
Microsoft was surprisingly arrogant in thinking it could get away
with this blatant violation of the consent decree.
 THink of the Priest-Klein selection problem as applied here. PK
implies that even if the judge is heavily pro-plaintiff, plaintiffs
will win only 50 percent of the time in his court. The reason is
plaintiffs will bring even totally outrageous suits, knowing the
judge might still rule in their favor. I suspect the same has
happened with Microsoft. Confident that Clinton would block any
response from Justice, they violated the consent decree. They still
hope Justice will back down. So far, they are wrong (tho--has the
fine been imposed yet, or has the judge delayed imposition?). The
most humorous part is that Rush Limbaugh, a conservative Apple user,
has been cheering for Microsoft, a notably liberal company.
Microsoft's behavior is indeed puzzling.  You would think that even though
Windows has such a large market share, Microsoft would wish to enhance
Window's appeal even further by making it as easy as possible for those who
prefer Netscape to access Netscape easily.
But, regardless of the wisdom of Microsoft's tactics, given what Eric
reports about the DOJ's complaint against Microsoft, why the mighty
brouhaha?  Do computer users really need federal forces to help them put
Netscape's icon on their Windows screen?
The DOJ wants Microsoft to be found in contempt for violating the '95
consent decree (Section IV (E)(i) of the Final Judgement) which prevents
Microsoft from requiring OEM manufacturers to license other Microsoft
products as a condition of recieving a license to install Windows '95 on
the computers they produce -- is this not what "bundling" means?
The icon business arises because three firms asked Microsoft to ammned the
license agreement to allow them to remove the IE icon from the desktop and
Microsoft refused to grant their requests.  This is mentioned in the DOJ
request for an order of contempt, but if Internet Explorer really is
considered a separate product (and the DOJ claims it is) then Microsoft
really isn't allowed to require firms to license it if they license Windows
95.  Microsoft insists that requiring the licensing of Internet Explorer,
sans icon, is still requiring the licensing of Internet Explorer, something
they aren't allowed to do under the consent decree if IE is a separate
product, but that it isn't a separate product so everything is just ducky.
They also add that if Internet Explorer, sans icon, isn't licensed Windows
won't work.  They think it's silly to claim that the consent decree
requires them to sell Internet Explorer, sans icon, as a part of Windows
but prevents them from selling Internet Explorer, with icon, as a part of
As to the why of it all...
Microsoft believes, and the government agrees, that the browser itself is
the seed of a new sort of operating system which will become a viable
alternative to Windows 95.  Microsoft says it wants reshape Windows into
this new sort of operating system, the DOJ seems to want someone else to
come up with it.  From the DOJ's request to show cause why Microsoft should
not be found in civil contempt:
"Microsoft's aggressive and multi-faceted marketing of the Internet
Explorer browser reflects its intense competition with other, competing
Internet browsers, primarily the "Navigator" browser produced by Netscape
Communications Corporation ("Netscape").
Microsoft believes that the success of competing browsers poses a serious,
incipient threat to its operating system monopoly. Indeed, as Microsoft
fears, browsers have the potential to become both alternative "platforms"
on which various software applications and programs can run and alternative
"interfaces" that PC users can employ to obtain and work with such
applications and programs. Significantly, competing browsers operate not
only on Windows, but also on a variety of other operating systems.
Microsoft fears that over time growing use and acceptance of competing
browsers as alternative platforms and interfaces will reduce the
significance of the particular underlying operating system on which they
are running, thereby "commoditizing" the operating system."
And it's really hard for me to read this in any way other than "Microsoft
is starting to realize that a web based operating system would be a better
product than Windows 95 and is trying to create such an operating system,
but we don't want them to because they're a monopoly."
I would add:
Why would anyone expect a Congress (1) in which a single majority party
leader appointed the chairmen of each legislative committee (2) that
used its committees to appoint the vast majority of federal workers (3)
operating in an environment in which the pressure group had not yet
emerged, to serve consumers? There is not only an antitrust myth, there
is a myth among economists that the legislators of the period had any
reason to make decisions based on the logic of economics. We might call
this the legislature myth. The antritrust myth and the legislature myth
seem to be stories we tell our little children in order to avoid scaring
them. Unfortunately, many professional economists treat their students
like little kids.
Yep.  A common-law system with no antitrust statutes.

@_date: 1998-01-15 09:13:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on the POLITICS of antitrust 
At some points over the last decade, I would have said that the large-firm
monopolization case was dead. We had learned our lesson - big-time
trust-busting didn't pay. Mergers were OK and so were businesses that
succeed by competing hard. The few initiatives didn't go very far: the
early 1990s FTC investigation of Microsoft deadlocked; DOJ then wrested a
largely cosmetic consent decree in 1994/95; the FTC looked at but then
walked away from Intel. The political will to do any real damage seemed to
be lacking, perhaps because these were successful export industries. Not so now. The events of the last few months suggest that the outlook is
more serious both for Microsoft and for Intel, and further down the road,
for firms like Cisco (king of the network routers) or Sun (if Java ever
lives up to its hype). Money attracts politics (hence the bevy of attorney
generals in action now), and we were foolish to expect otherwise. The
implicit policy of going easy on America's information technology success
stories has been abandoned. Aside from the competitor complaints and aside
from the simple populist attack on wealth, another factor may play a role: populist resentment of the "digerati" (those who are computer savvy). (I
intend a parallel with the late 1920s, when despite the general boom,
large segments - the buggy whip manufacturers - complained about
"profitless prosperity," laying the political groundwork for Hoover's
veiled New Dealism. No, I am not predicting another Great Depression.)

@_date: 1998-01-15 12:00:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Public choice theory and the politics of antitrust 
Keep in mind that each post came from a different author, with perhaps one
or two exceptions.
With regard to the names, I know of no formal list policy, law, or custom
that would stop me from forwarding with names attached. However, I thought
it might stifle discourse on a relatively intimate list if folks thought
their posts were blasted around the Net to thousands.
I was my judgment call, and I make no excuses. Take the ideas for what
they're worth.

@_date: 1998-01-15 23:14:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft Metaphors 
What are the best metaphors to use when talking about a browser and an
operating system? Is the combination like a car and an engine, or a car and
a roofrack? A pair of gloves?
Or is it even useful to talk about a browser/OS metaphor in the case of
Microsoft, since IE has been glued into the operating system in the form of
.DLLs? Might that be more like the wheels of a car?

@_date: 1998-01-16 07:08:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Presidential advisor on the "problem of encryption" 
Presidential advisor Jim Steinberg spoke across the street from my office
this afternoon at the Mayflower Hotel, addressing the European Institute.
He said:
Translation: the government gets a backdoor to your encrypted files. Read
on for more. (BTW, Steinberg is deputy assistant to the president for
national security affairs. Also Deputy National Security Council Advisor
and formerly the director of the State Department Policy Planning Staff.)
    "We also need to find better ways to harness our efforts to
counter the kinds of new crimes looming ahead in the next
century.  We have made considerable progress through the
Summit of the Eight, taking new steps to increase airline
security, to protect our infrastructures, to fight
cyber-crime and, most important, to promote nuclear safety.
 We are encouraged that Prime Minister Blair has identified
cooperative law enforcement as a major topic for the
Birmingham Summit this May.  We have been somewhat
disappointed that Europe has not strengthened its
cooperation with us on the vital third pillar.  I am
particularly concerned about the lack of enthusiastic
support for the U.S.-sponsored international Law Academy in
Budapest. Full integration in the Euro-Atlantic community
means that all of our police forces must have the
confidence to work together against transnational threats.
It is vital that the emerging democracies enjoy the rule of
law during their transition period, and we will pay a price
if the United States and the EU cannot work together
effectively to address the problem of encryption in a way
that allows our cutting-edge industries to thrive, our
citizens to have security in their communications, while at
the same time protecting common public security interests.
"But the gravest and most immediate challenge before us is
to find more common ground between the United States and
Europe in dealing with states that threaten our common
interests.  We have started to fall into a troubling
pattern of good cop/bad cop.  This pattern, whereby Europe
provides the carrot, and the United States is left holding
the stick, is unhealthy for both sides, and only benefits
our common adversaries.  While we all believe that dialogue
and engagement are the preferred course, dialogue should
not be an excuse for inaction when countries like Iraq fail
to live up to Security Council resolutions, and other
nations import weapons of mass destruction and export
terror.  This divergence compromises the effectiveness of
our shared efforts."

@_date: 1998-01-16 13:32:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Indiana state court rejects privacy claim in HIV case 
So I just got done reading the decision in Doe v. Methodist Hospital, a
recent case before the Indiana Supreme Court. (Thanks to Eugene for
pointing it out.)
The case involved a woman who truthfully told someone else a third party
was HIV positive. She did not break any laws to learn this information;
someone else told her. The HIV-positive man's suit against her relied on
the so-called tort of disclosure of private facts. (There are four privacy
torts: intrusion upon seclusion; appropriation of likeness; public
disclosure of private facts; false-light publicity.) The plaintiff could
not charge her with libel or slander since what she said was true.
The judges referenced an oft-cited 1890 Warren-Brandeis article that
popularized the idea of suing reporters (and others) for violating your
privacy if they said truthful things about you. The authors seemed mainly
concerned with muzzling journalists and censoring the press, the court
        The invasion of privacy tort had its genesis in an 1890 law
The Indiana court ruled, in a plurality opinion (joined by a concurrence):
        [w]e do not discern anything special about disclosure
The court flatly rejected and refused to recognize the tort of disclosure
of private facts. It upheld the lower court's decision to grant summary
judgment to the woman who was sued. In other words: you're allowed to speak
the truth. The court even noted that gossip is socially useful.
Score a minor victory for free speech and freedom of the press over
so-called "privacy" laws.

@_date: 1998-01-22 04:47:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Student expelled for writing hacking article, from Netly News 
The "So You Want To Be A Hacker" article in question:
  The Netly News (
January 21, 1998
Hacking 101
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        The end of senior year for most high school students is a time
   for college decisions, vacation planning and beer-tinged teenage
   revelry. Not so for Justin Boucher.
        Today the Milwaukee, Wisconsin-area native will be expelled from
   Greenfield High School because of an article he wrote entitled "So You
   Want To Be A Hacker." Published under a pseudonym in an unofficial
   student newspaper, it described in colorful (and sometimes profane)
   language how enterprising snoops could break into the high school's
   computer network.
        The advice ranged from the glaringly obvious ("Some commonly used
   passwords at very stupid schools are...") to the Hacker Code of Ethics
   ("Never harm, alter or damage any computers"). The finer points of
   hacker morality and teenage toomfoolery, however, were lost on irate
   school officials, who expelled Boucher for one year.

@_date: 1998-01-22 06:59:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Privacy as Censorship -- Cato Institute policy analysis 
If you care about electronic privacy, read this new report. It correctly
says that many proposals to create new "privacy rights" become censorship
by another name. The paper is at:
   PRIVACY AS CENSORSHIP: A Skeptical View of Proposals to Regulate
Privacy in the Private Sector
by Solveig Singleton (solveig at cato.org), director of information
studies at the Cato Institute.
Executive Summary
Some privacy advocates urge the adoption of a new legal regime for
the transfer of information about consumers among private-sector
databases. This "mandatory opt-in" regime would require private
businesses to ask for a consumer's permission before trading
information about that consumer, such as his buying habits or
hobbies, to third parties. This would, in effect, create new
privacy rights.
These new rights would conflict with our tradition of free speech.
reporting, we rely on being able to freely communicate details of
one another's lives. Proposals to forbid businesses to communicate
with one another about real events fly in the face of that
New restrictions on speech about consumers could disproportionately
hurt small businesses, new businesses, and nonprofits. Older,
larger companies have less need for lists of potential customers,
as they have already established a customer base.
We have no good reason to create new privacy rights. Most
private-sector firms that collect information about consumers do so
only in order to sell more merchandise. That hardly constitutes a
sinister motive. There is little reason to fear the growth of
private-sector databases.
What we should fear is the growth of government databases.
Governments seek not merely to sell merchandise but to exercise
police and defense functions. Because governments claim these
unique and dangerous powers, we restrict governments' access to
information in order to prevent abuses. Privacy advocates miss the
target when they focus on the growth of private-sector databases.
To view the entire document:

@_date: 1998-01-22 08:07:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Will bureaucrats turn the Net into TV? Note from FCC 
A note from an acquaintance formerly at the FCC. --Declan
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Having spedt my years at the FCC doing pre-repeal Fairness Doctrine and
Sec. 315 equal time matters, I think [deleted-dm]'s concerns, tho'
justified politically [because most adminsitrations will leave no good
technology unhobbled] are without substantial legal basis.
The hook for the Fairness Doctrine obligation imposed on broadcasters as a
corollary to their statutory 'public interest' obligations was as a
licensee of scarce broadcast spectrum--a discrete frequency awarded on a
putatively compettive basis. Those key elements[scarcity/license/obligation] are--for now--lacking in
the on-line environment.  And while no doubt this or another
Administration, or wiley Congressional staffer could gin up a plausable
nexus between the web and interstate commerce, sufficiient to sustain a
new public interest obligation, I think we're two or three generations of
bandwith scarcity away from that becoming a compelling element of a
cyber-resource allocation scheme. Without that overarching allocation-based [license] compulsion (to force
even facial compliance with an obligation, so that enforcement would
become essential to compliance, thus creating a need for thousands of Web
police to review commercial licensees sites and traffic--[what a
nightmare] -) -the liklihood of developing a meaningful scheme of public
interest obligation would be a an overdebated and overhyped PC exercise,
quickly becoming comic--and then dangerous.

@_date: 1998-01-22 13:25:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SC rules 1st doesn't cover lies [CNN] 
Clarification on the Subject: line -- the court's ruling, at least as
described below, applies only to government employees. It is the
state-as-employer, not the state-as-sovereign, role the court is discussing.
In other words, we're still free to lie, cheat, and steal[1].
[1] Unless it's a copyrighted work; if it is, you'll go to federal prison
and be fined a quarter-mil. Thanks, Bill Gates and the Software Publishers

@_date: 1998-01-24 07:44:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internal Affairs: Looking for Lewinsky, from Netly News (fwd) 
The Netly News (
January 23, 1998
Internal Affairs: Looking for Lewinsky
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
        Call it the year the Internet brought down a president. If
   President Clinton just can't shake this week's accusation of
   peripatetic philandering, let's give the Net some credit.
        First, we must acknowledge Matt Drudge, the online rumormonger
   who finally exacted his revenge on Clinton for supporting Blumenthal
   v. Drudge, a lawsuit with a million-dollar price tag. When Newsweek
   spiked an expos  of the Monica Lewinsky scandal, it was Drudge who
   spread the rumor across the Net and throughout the media on Saturday,
   January 17.
   [...]
        Of course, until yesterday, Clinton's impeachment seemed about as
   far-fetched a possibility as our unearthing one of Lewinsky's close
   friends on Usenet -- which is exactly what The Netly News was
   dispatched to do. Every time there's a major news event, our intrepid
   Internet team is called forth to scour DejaNews, troll IRC and
   mass-mail anyone who might possibly divulge information on the given
   subject.
       The Lewinsky search was less revealing than most. We found the
   former White House intern's annual salary; her home address in
   Portland, Ore.; the amount she and her mother donated to Democratic
   campaigns ($1,550 in 1996). Someone informed us, in all seriousness,
   that Lewinsky once gave him a goldfish. We also had people ask us if
   we'd pay them for information. (Fat chance.)
   [...]

@_date: 1998-01-27 03:03:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Clinton said this morning:
 I want you to listen to me.  I'm
going to say this again.  I did not have sexual relations with that
woman, Miss Lewinsky.  I never told anybody to lie, not a single time

@_date: 1998-01-27 10:05:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. crypto czar's travel records revealed 
[3] EPIC Obtains U.S. Crypto Czar's Travel Records
Following a year-long legal battle, EPIC has obtained over 500 pages of
materials from the U.S. State Department on the international travels of
David Aaron, the former U.S. Envoy for Cryptography.  Aaron also served
as U.S. Ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development when the OECD was developing its encryption policy
The released documents show Ambassador Aaron made frequent trips around
the world lobbying for international adoption of key escrow encryption.
He visited Australia, Belgium (both the European Union & Belgian
governments), Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Switzerland and the United
Kingdom.  The documents also indicate that he went to South Africa, and
met with the counselor of the Latvian embassy in Paris and with Russian
Finance Ministry officials.
Even before Aaron was appointed as President Clinton's "Special Envoy for
Cryptography," U.S. State Department messages indicate that the United
States was making overtures to various countries via American embassies
around the world.  These include the diplomatic posts in Canberra,
London, Tokyo, Ottawa, Tel Aviv, Paris, Bonn, The Hague and Moscow.  One
message to these foreign posts announced the revised U.S. cryptography
export policy (the key recovery within two years or "no export" rule).
The public announcement of that policy was made on October 1, 1996.
Aaron apparently was not always greeted warmly in his travels.  In Japan,
the government requested that the meetings be kept secret and that the
press not be informed.  Even the U.S. Embassy in Japan was less than
enthusiastic -- the embassy suggested that Aaron and his delegation could
take the airport bus to their hotel rather than be picked up by an
embassy driver.

@_date: 1998-01-28 04:48:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Privacy and presidential philandering, from the Netly News 
The Netly News (
January 27, 1998
Private Parts
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
       Already you can hear the plaintive sound of President Clinton's
   partisans whining about privacy. The allegations about Will's
   wandering willy are too intimate, too sensitive and (if the truth be
   told) too embarrassing to be discussed publicly, they claim.
       Yesterday the wire services were busy recycling Hillary Clinton's
   plea for a "zone of privacy"; a Clinton defender wrote in USA Today
   that nobody should be "inflicting the details of his sex life on the
   public"; a piece in the New York Times complained about a "fishing
   expedition into the President's sexual history." On NBC's Today show,
   Hillary groused about living in "a time where people are malicious and
   evil-minded."
       On many electronic mailing lists, the talk nowadays seems to be of
   little else. "The current pursuit of Clinton -- whatever the facts
   turn out to be -- strikes me, itself, as an obscenity," griped Edward
   Kent on a First Amendment list. "We need more protections of privacy
   in this country." Michael Troy replied, "I don't think there is a
   constitutional right to privacy for an employer (who is also a public
   figure) having sex with an employee in the workplace."
        He's right. The call for greater "privacy protections" is a call
   for censorship in disguise.

@_date: 1998-01-30 07:40:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI tells Congress encryption "is a critical problem" 
The nation's top cops aren't happy about Americans using
data-scrambling software to shield their correspondence
from prying eyes. Today the deputy director of the FBI told
the Senate Intelligence committee that encryption "is a
critical problem" that Congress needs to solve --
presumably by banning email and other programs that his
G-men can't crack.
  (
Bob Bryant warned the committee that "the widespread use of
robust non-key recovery encryption will ultimately devastate our
ability to fight crime and prevent terrorism."
Which is precisely what Sen. Bob Kerrey (D-Neb) claims he's
concerned about. He said "if we want to make the American
people continue to feel safe," the National Security Agency
and the FBI "have to be able to somehow deal with not just
the complexity of signals, but increasingly encrypted
signals that are impossible for us to break." Not
surprisingly, the question of why the FBI and NSA should
have the ability to listen in on any conversation was left
unasked. --By Declan McCullagh/Washington (declan at well.com)

@_date: 1998-01-30 08:01:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SF Chron article on Feinstein and Internet 
A reporter (jswartz at sfgate.com) is writing an article about Dianne
Feinstein and her puzzling stance on high tech issues, given the state she
represents. She's taken very odd positions on encryption, Net-gambling,
privacy regulations that put burdens on business, and of course her
bomb-making ban. If you have Feinstein stories or opinions, I'm sure he'd love to hear from

@_date: 1998-01-31 10:36:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: History of radio regulation; scrutiny of elected officials 
Decency, security, and liberty alike demand that
 government officials shall be subjected to the same
 rules of conduct that are commands to the citizens.
 In a government of laws, existence of the government
 will be imperilled if it fails observe the law
 scrupulously. Our government is the potent,
 omnipresent teacher. For good or ill, it teaches the
 whole people by example. Crime is contageous. If
 the government becomes a lawbreaker; it invites
 every man to become a law unto himself; it invites
 anarchy. To declare that in the administration of
 the criminal law the end justifies the means --
 to declare that the government may commit crimes
 to secure the conviction of a private criminal
 -- would bring terrible retribution. Against that
 pernicious doctrine this Court should resolutely
 set its face.
 Olmstead v. US (1928)
You remember Brandeis. He's the person who argued for
the *right* of privacy. Hardly a surprise, therefore,
that he would be so outspoken on the abuse of government

@_date: 1998-01-31 10:45:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on U.S. government and domain names 
Who are we kidding? Ourselves.
Keeping the `Net under the protection of U.S. soil, so to speak, is the
ONLY guarantee that some international Cabal does not decide for us
what we will be able to write or research.  It's a few short steps from a
total control of all information which is declared, "sensitive."

@_date: 1998-07-02 07:11:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Statist Changes - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
This is one of the better rants I've read in a while. You left out my
Trilateral connection, though.

@_date: 1998-06-25 14:16:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CIA 4 Nags: Hackers Crypto Y2K Foreigners 
Is your question rhetorical? Audience members can't ask questions at a
Senate hearing... And the point was probably too subtle for the

@_date: 1998-03-01 22:30:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HP Crypto Export 
Had dinner with some local cypherpunks this evening. Talked about the HP
issue (likely to have one of their reps at the next mtg, maybe in four
weeks). An analogy: a gun that stops firing after a year and requires
government permission to be reactivated. If the manufacturer isn't out of
business by then...
Sure hope this doesn't become the trend,for software in general or
cryptoware in particular.
Put another way, this arguably is more disturbing than Clipper. At least
you know what you're getting then. You may not know 'xactly what your PAT

@_date: 1998-03-04 13:16:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senator plans to ban .gov porn-parodies; new crypto-campaign 
More on Gates in NYC and the FBI's antihacker crusade is at
the URL below. --Declan
The Netly News / Afternoon Line
March 4, 1998
   One lawmaker who doesn't seem to have much of a sense of humor about
   titillating web sites is Sen. Lauch Faircloth (R-N.C.). When his
   presumably technology-impaired staffer stumbled across whitehouse.com
   and found not Hillary Clinton's child care proposals but a doctored
   photo of Hillary in leather, Faircloth decided to take action. "I plan
   to introduce legislation that would ban the assignment of popular
   government agency names to anyone," he told The Netly News after
   speaking at an Internet child safety seminar this afternoon. "Can you
   imagine how many people have thought they were contacting the White
   House only to see that?" A better question might be which site is the
   more popular one. --By Declan McCullagh/Washington
Might Makes Right
       Congress rarely does the right thing for the right reason.Instead,
   lobbyists vie to make voting the wrong way too politically costly for
   legislators.
       Now a new coalition, called Americans for Computer Privacy, is
   trying out this strategy on encryption legislation. The group of high
   tech firms and nonprofit groups aims to convince lawmakers that
   supporting restrictions on either the domestic use or overseas
   shipment of encryption productions is too politically painful.
       "We would not turn the keys to our front doors over the
   government. Why should we have to turn over the keys to our
   computers?" asked ACP counsel and former White House lawyer Jack
   Quinn.
         To convince Americans that ACP's answer is the right one, the
   coalition has gathered together an advisory panel of former spooks and
   law enforcement agents.
       Quinn told the Netly News that his strategy has already won
   results: "Senior officials at the National Security Council and the
   vice president's office" this morning signaled they're willing to sit
   down at the table for a friendly chat about crypto-laws. --By Declan
   McCullagh/Washington

@_date: 1998-03-17 12:05:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Local Law Oppose FBI on Crypto 
The LEAA is part of the Americans for Computer Privacy effort and was
listed as one of their member groups at the announcement earlier this

@_date: 1998-03-19 14:42:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Will New Sendmail Block Remailers? 
So I'm told that the new version of sendmail (8.9) has the same antispam
features as 8.8  -- only difference is in defaults. True?

@_date: 1998-05-01 13:05:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reno reports "suspicion" in industry crypto-negotiations 
They were floated for TEO: ACP, Hill staffers, and allied groups like CDT
(Alan Davidson from CDT, after a Cato forum yesterday, defended much of the
ACP crypto bill when I asked him about it).
I got a leaked copy. I promised to send around a summary and haven't yet.
Too much time on Y2K and Microsoft. I'll get to it this weekend.

@_date: 1998-11-08 14:01:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Crunch Time for Y2K Suppliers 
Seems to me that it would have been just as easy for "believer" to send the
URL to the story as the whole thing. Same with ol'VZ.
Not only is it in poor taste, but it means less people will read the
article on wired.com, which is what pays the rent.

@_date: 1998-11-09 04:14:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Electric power generators ? 
You're talking about the wired.com article I wrote.
I carefully did not say there is a "shortage" of generators, diesel or
otherwise -- that's your own misreading of it.
I did say that the largest U.S. distributor of diesel generators has half
year delays on the most popular model. Same with bulk food suppliers like
Walton's. Solar power companies also report vastly increased demand.
You can buy cheaper gasoline generators at Home Depot, but there are
reasons people want to pay three or four times as much for a diesel model.
These differences and the other answers to your questions have been
well-documented elsewhere; I'm not inclined to list them for you here,
though others might be.

@_date: 1998-11-10 21:55:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CALEA likely will cover Internet telephony 
Digital Telephony/CALEA in the first place. --Declan]

@_date: 1998-11-11 21:44:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed 
Without endorsing Tim's "need killing" views, I would like to point out
that Mr. b!X has a deeply flawed understanding of the Second Amendment and
constitutional history.

@_date: 1998-11-17 01:50:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wired News: Y2Kaboom? 
I hope that in the future, "Believer" would see fit not to distribute Wired
News articles in full. Not only does it violate civil and criminal
copyright law, but it's also just plain rude.

@_date: 1998-11-17 06:21:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wired News: Y2Kaboom? 
The fact that one entity is enaging in appropriate behavior does not excuse
the rest.

@_date: 1998-11-17 06:43:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wired News: Y2Kaboom? 
Make that "inappropriate" behavior.
excuse the >rest.

@_date: 1998-11-18 22:14:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: More on Network Associates and its crypto-politics 
William -- your speculation may be true, but for now we can settle for
fact: they do support export controls. It makes sense, too: export ctrls
create an artificial market for key recovery crypto, which TIS will be
happy to sell to you.
their fat government contracts. Of course those same contracts require
keeping the government happy (ie: supporting GAK), TIS and others (being
the corporate whores that they are) will sell out their own mothers (and
the rest of us along with them) if it looked good on the bottom line.

@_date: 1998-11-19 05:07:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: More on Network Associates and its crypto-politics 
You're not a US corporation that hopes to use the same software
domestically and abroad, for instance.

@_date: 1998-11-19 05:57:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: More on Network Associates and its crypto-politics 
If anonymous has any evidence that TIS' policy has changed from earlier
this year, I'd like to hear it.
I guess if anonymous wants to call me an "extremist," I'll take it as a
compliment. Personally I think of myself as pragmatic.

@_date: 1998-11-20 22:58:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: manners 
One might as well claim that all the millions of subscribers to the LA
Times are "implicated" as accessories to an act that was described in the
paper's pages.

@_date: 1998-11-25 06:40:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks with guns 
A group of San Francisco Bay Area cypherpunks recently spent
hundreds of dollars per person on "defensive handgun" and "practical rifle"
courses at the Front Sight firearms training institute in Aptos, California.

@_date: 1998-11-28 12:09:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fwd: FC: EU eavesdropping on Iridium satellite phone system 
any reactions? some of my newspaper colleagues are thinking of writing
about this...

@_date: 1998-10-02 11:26:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The end of The Netly News 
Declan McCullagh is ending his longstanding "Netly News" column and
   leaving Time magazine today because of the magazine's recently
   restructured technology coverage. He will join Wired Oct. 12 as chief
   Washington correspondent. His agreement with Wired lets him continue
   to run the Politech e-mail list, a popular industry source of breaking
   news and analysis on technology and politics. (By Adam Clayton Powell
   III)
   Time Warner on Thursday quietly shut down Netly News, melding the
   operations of its Internet-beat news service and the online version of
   Time Digital.

@_date: 1998-10-16 21:46:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: ** National ID Alert - Again ** 
Read my story at wired.com for details -- no need to panic.

@_date: 1998-10-17 13:25:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cyptography in the Information Age 
Let me know if you get arrested. I'll write about it.

@_date: 1998-10-20 05:38:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Microsoft is racist" 
On the sidewalk in front of the building, a
                     handful of protesters held up a sign
                     saying "Microsoft is racist." The group
                     attacked the company for not donating
                     money to Howard University, which is
                     predominately black.

@_date: 1998-09-07 21:56:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
Every version of SAFE includes crypto-in-a-crime as a key component. The
thinking of its drafters and backers like Reps. Goodlatte, Eschoo,
Lofgren, CDT, and some corporate lobbyists is that it would be too
politically controversial to pass Congress without it.
There is, offically, a proposal on the table to limit speech within the
U.S. by restricting sale, manufacture, distribution, import of non-GAK'd
crypto. A House committee approved that one year ago.
PS: Note to DC cypherpunks. There's a meet/party 9-19 in Adams Morgan.

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:43:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
We even make an illusion to Monica's Cigar in a story in this week's Time.
A Microsoft story I was working on died at the last moment, unfortunately.
As for the crypto bills, there is no comparable Senate bill. Certainly
this is not for lack of sponsors: Kyl and Feinstein would be glad to
introduce it, and Kyl chairs a relevant subcommittee. But they wanted to
see how far they'd get with McCain's bill, and now it's too late to do
much, as Tim said.

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:57:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks HyperArchive 
I have ~100 MB from 4/97 to present archived in mbox form. I can FTP it or
make it available to anyone who might need it to restore the archive.

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:57:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
If anyone does it with an eye to civil disobedience, let me know. But the
bill isn't law yet, and one might reasonably hope that it won't be.
The details vary. First it was crypto in the commission of a felony. Now
it's been narrowed considerably, though not all bills have the "better"

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:59:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
Taking no position on "public interest" groups for this post, I'd still
note that such lobbyists don't really drive legislation in this area. It's
business groups, especially the Americans For Computer Privacy alliance,
that are drafting the bills and twisting the arms.
And their E-PRIVACY bill has crypto-in-a-crime in it.

@_date: 1998-09-08 10:25:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What we are Fighting 
I've been politely corrected in email. I meant "allusion" of course. I
seem to find myself doing this more often lately... --Declan

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:12:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Netly News on Nutly News (resend) 
TIME Digital Daily
September 9, 1998    The Arrest of the Nutly Bomber    By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   [Part I of a Series For two years a pair of anonymous Net crackpots
   have been posting angry tirades to a cryptography discussion list
   under a takeoff of Netly called "Nutly News." Now the FBI and Royal
   Canadian Mounted Police say that a digital signature connects them to
   a bomb discovered last June in a Canadian courthouse.]
   It was about 5 p.m. on August 18. Carl Johnson, 49, was beating the
   heat inside the Rialto Theater in what passes for downtown Tuscon,
   Ariz. That morning a friend had tipped off Johnson that the police       were trying to find him, but for now he had something else on his
   mind: his music. The itinerant musician and writer had spent the last
   month furiously scribbling lyrics, friends say, and he wanted a loan
   from someone he knew who worked at the theater. It was for some
   recording work, Johnson explained. This was going be his third album,
   after "My Way or the Highway" and "Please! Stop Me Before I Sing
   Again."
   But when Johnson left the Rialto, his musical career was cut short by
   two federal agents from the IRS's internal security division. They
   arrested him on charges of Internet threats against federal judges and
   police. The Canadians wanted Johnson, too, on charges of planting a
   bomb in a Saskatchewan courthouse.

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:47:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Netly News on Nutly News 
The Arrest of the Nutly Bomber    By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   [Part I of a Series For two years a pair of anonymous Net crackpots
   have been posting angry tirades to a cryptography discussion list
   under a takeoff of Netly called "Nutly News." Now the FBI and Royal
   Canadian Mounted Police say that a digital signature connects them to
   a bomb discovered last June in a Canadian courthouse.]
   It was about 5 p.m. on August 18. Carl Johnson, 49, was beating the
   heat inside the Rialto Theater in what passes for downtown Tuscon,
   Ariz. That morning a friend had tipped off Johnson that the police       were trying to find him, but for now he had something else on his
   mind: his music. The itinerant musician and writer had spent the last
   month furiously scribbling lyrics, friends say, and he wanted a loan
   from someone he knew who worked at the theater. It was for some
   recording work, Johnson explained. This was going be his third album,
   after "My Way or the Highway" and "Please! Stop Me Before I Sing
   Again."
   But when Johnson left the Rialto, his musical career was cut short by
   two federal agents from the IRS's internal security division. They
   arrested him on charges of Internet threats against federal judges and
   police. The Canadians wanted Johnson, too, on charges of planting a
   bomb in a Saskatchewan courthouse.
   [...]

@_date: 1998-09-09 14:15:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Carl Johnson Warrant and Complaint 
Well, there's a little more to the "bomb" incident than that. Read
tomorrow's Netly News report on the Nutly News bomber for more info...

@_date: 1998-09-09 14:16:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Carl Johnson's private key 
I make that point in my article, but have not seen truthmonger's private
key posted. Care to forward it to me?

@_date: 1998-09-09 15:15:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Carl Johnson's private key 
Hmm. I grabbed the key below and compared it to the "death threat" post
sent on Tuesday, 09 Dec 97 13:51:52 EST. Not a match.
PS: Hello to my fans in domestic survelliance!

@_date: 1998-09-10 00:10:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Toto describing a visit from SS agents 
I mention the alleged threats against the president in my article today,
and link to the email.

@_date: 1998-09-11 11:31:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. House only has a T-1 
Well, let me just say this: We expect to have the document in electronic
form as early as possible. Also, while we're not relying on AP, the company is making the file
available on a passworded FTP site for its members. And FNS is promising
to OCR it if necessary and send it to its subscribers this evening for
$85.

@_date: 1998-09-11 11:57:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
Reuters' lede seems right:
have been on quite a journey these last few weeks to get to the end
of this, to the rock bottom truth of where I am and where we all are.
I agree with those who have said that in my first statement after I
testified I was not contrite enough.  I don't think there is a fancy
way to say that I have sinned.
the sorrow I feel is genuine: first and most important, my family;
also my friends, my staff, my Cabinet, Monica Lewinsky and her
family, and the American people.  I have asked all for their

@_date: 1998-09-11 12:34:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. House only has a T-1 
MANAGING EDITORS:
WIRE EDITORS:
when the report is available. Until then, please refrain from logging onto
the ftp sites. Otherwise, there is a danger of jamming the sites and
preventing us from posting the report.

@_date: 1998-09-12 10:03:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
A better question is: If Clinton is guilty of perjury and other felonies,
should he be impeached? If you don't think about lying about sex and related issues under oath
should be a crime, well, then change the law. But right now any form of
lying under oath is perjury, whether you like it or not.

@_date: 1998-09-12 12:53:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
1. it's tough to argue that clinton's apparent perjury in Jones was
2. i know of no law saying perjury only a crime if it's "material"
3. perjury is certainly one of the "great offenses" that common law says
is impeachable.
4. besides, non-criminal activities can constitute impeachable offenses --
look at second and third articles of impeachment in Nixon's case

@_date: 1998-09-12 12:57:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
John, some of the press were relying on House sources to get the material
up as quickly as possible. Also AP provided it to its members on a
password-protected web site. I was the first in Time's DC bureau to get
the report; I'm not going to reveal my source save to say it wasn't
Starr's office.

@_date: 1998-09-13 15:19:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton--Why I am Chortling 
There's also the idea popular in some gender feminist circles that the
imbalance of power in manager-employee relationships makes it impossible
for genuine consent to be given. Can there be any greater power imbalance
than the president of the United States and an intern? Where are the
feminist cries of outrage?
In general you might be right. But for "noncontroversial" measures like
CDA II, well, it'll be in one of the appropriations bills that will be
approved in the next three weeks.
The balance of power in the U.S. government is too tilted in favor of the
executive and federal agencies; I think more should be returned to
Congress and the states but don't think we're going to see that happen. To
do that Congress needs to be willing to seize it; they're not. If we get
Al Gore in the Oval Office we'll have business as usual.

@_date: 1998-09-14 00:30:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: DC cypherpunks meeting this Saturday, Sep 19 
There will be a cypherpunks meeting and party this Saturday, September 19
starting at 5 pm in Adams Morgan, Washington, DC.
Our two out-of-town guests are Doug McGowan from HP (who will speak about
his company's encryption products that became controversial early this
year) and David Burt of filteringfacts.org (who's here for a Christian
Coalition conference and may or may not feel like speaking about his
position on some of the anti-porn legislation likely to pass Congress).
Interested in coming? RSVP and I'll send directions.

@_date: 1998-09-14 08:34:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clinton--Why I am Chortling 
Careful with your attributions. I don't believe Tim wrote what you said he
As for Monica-Clinton, what appears to be the case doesn't matter in some
ideologies. Can meaningful consent be given with such a power imbalance?

@_date: 1998-09-16 07:39:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Democracy... 
Indeed. There are two types of freedoms at issue here: establishment and
free exercise, which the Framers thought were complementary and the
Supreme Court has said "occasionally overlap." There were three
ideological positions that drove the clause forward: those who wanted to
prevent corruption of the church, those who wanted to prevent corruption
of the state (such as Jefferson), and those who wanted to protect the
church from the state. I haven't come across documents written by the Founders or cases that say
the "state CAN support one religion over another." Cites, please? The cass
I'm familiar with suggest exactly the opposite. The Supremes believe in
"the established principle that the Government must pursue a course of
complete neutrality toward religion." Supporting one religion over another
violates the rule against "forbidden effects." As Tim said, our new friend's interpretation is somewhat bizarre.

@_date: 1998-09-16 12:10:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A personal response to your email to sixdegrees 
Mark, trust me on this: remove all five cypherpunks addresses from your

@_date: 1998-09-17 07:10:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A personal response to your email to sixdegrees 
Better yet, give anyone on the mailing list a veto over their new
membership. Send a cookie to the address that was signed up, and an
anti-cookie. If anyone returns the anti-cookie, in effect saying "we don't
want to be part of your blasted service," put them on a list of
do-not-contact people for half a year or so.
That will minimise disruptions. It will also minimise disruptions to your
service when pissed-off vigilantes decide to take matters into their own

@_date: 1998-09-17 09:24:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA II up for subcommittee vote today in House 
Time Digital Daily
September 17, 1998
   Congress to Debate CDA II This Morning
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   It was one thing to vote for the Communications Decency Act, as
   Congress did before the Supreme Court ruled that it was violently
   unconstitutional. It's quite another to knowingly circumvent that
   ruling by voting for its successor, as a Congressional panel may do
   this morning. At 10 AM this morning a House Commerce subcommittee is
   scheduled to debate Rep. Mike Oxley (R-Ohio)'s CDA II, and free speech
   advocates are in a tizzy.

@_date: 1998-09-17 15:48:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House panel OKs son-of-CDA (fwd) 
Time Daily
Son of CDA
September 17, 1998
By Jonathan Gregg
   Who should decide what's fit for kids to see online? If Rep. Mike
   Oxley has his way, says TIME correspondent Declan McCullagh, it will
   be "any Bible Belt prosecutor who's itching to make a name for
   himself." Oxley is the sponsor of the Internet decency act that was
   approved by a House Commerce subcommittee Thursday -- a bill that
   bears a striking resemblance to the 1996 Communications Decency Act
   that got the bum's rush from the Supreme Court, 9-0, for being
   unconstitutional.

@_date: 1998-09-20 15:19:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CJ Update 
I've received two messages from Carl Johnson in letter form. He seems in,
um, good spirits. He also mentions a BabyTruthMongerel at one point. He asks that his messages be passed on to cypherpunks, and I have no
objection, after I'm done writing the fourth part of the article. We could
presumably scan them in and put them up on pathfinder.com.

@_date: 1998-09-21 11:31:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Satellite phones and Net-connections: new space race (fwd) 
I can't give you a URL to my satellite article in this week's Time
magazine; it won't be on our web site for another week. Time Magazine
September 28, 1998
Pages B18-B22
  The Super-Cell
  By Declan McCullagh
  The Iridium consortium and rival joint ventures are closing in on their
  goal of making sat phones into multibillion-dollar mainstays of the
  info-superhighway
Also worth checking out is an article by Tamala Edwards on the Vermont
Senate race, in which an honest-to-goodness 79-year old dairy farmer is
running against incumbent Dem Patrick Leahy. You'll remember Leahy is the
architect of the Digital Telephony wiretapping law, but was also a vocal
opponent of the CDA.

@_date: 1998-09-22 22:30:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NSF grants to Internet at risk) 
[personal note snipped. --dbm]
Internet Funding Crisis: A Call to Action for CyberCitizens
For more information call David Lytel of Sherpa Consulting Group at
1-315-473-8996 or 1-888-GUIDING Unknown to the rest of the world, Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott is
engaged in an effort to remove millions of dollars from the budget of the
National Science Foundation (NSF) that the Congress has previously made
available to invest in new Internet technologies.  Lott is trying to repeal
action earlier this year that ratified the Internet Intellectual
Infrastructure Fund as a congressionally authorized tax on the registration
of Internet domain names.  This was necessary because of a lawsuit brought
against Network Solutions, Inc., which has been acting as a domain
registration authority for the Internet under a cooperative agreement with
the NSF. In Thomas v. Network Solutions, Inc., 1998 WL 191205, US District Court
Judge Hogan ruled that the domain name registration fee was an unauthorized
tax.  Based on Congress's belated ratification of the fee (in the VA/HUD
Supplemental Appropriation bill earlier this year), Hogan ruled that it was
authorized.  This issue is being appealed to the United States Court of
Appeals for the DC Circuit.  Regardless of the outcome of the Lott
amendment, this means that the DC Circuit will consider the lawfulness of
the fund.  Lott's maneuver is to add the repeal of the ratification to the Internet
Tax Freedom Act, which has passed the House and may reach the floor as
early as this week.  In the Senate, the Internet Tax Freedom Act has passed
both the Commerce and the Finance Committees without the change, but Lott
is circulating a draft managers amendment that would repeal the ratification.
What is at stake:
At stake is about $60 million that the NSF would no longer have available
to invest in research and development of high speed networks and
bandwidth-intensive applications.  If this is settled in the courts, about
$15 million would go to the attorney for the plaintiffs and most of the
rest would be lost to administrative fees as Network Solutions finds ways
to make rebates people who have registered domain names.  The payoff to
individual domain holders would be only a few dollars.  The NSF would lose
funds that are supposed to be available to aid universities as they upgrade
their connections from today's commodity Internet connections to tomorrow's
Internet 2 level connections.  For the commercial Internet, this means that
advanced research on different approaches relieve Internet congestion will
be slowed or stopped.  The NSF funds experimental networks that address the fundamental problem of
traffic congestion on today's Internet.  The problem goes beyond the
limitations of access technologies such as today's modems or even access
technologies such as ISDN.  There are segments of what are supposed to be
the Internet's high speed corridors that are significantly blocked during
periods of peak use.  Part of the solution is building more and bigger
pipes to carry Internet traffic.  But it is also quite likely that demand
is growing quickly enough to fill much of this capacity.  The Internet
traffic problem is not unlike the automobile traffic problem in our major
cities in the 1960s, when no matter how many new bridges and highways we
built we never managed to get ourselves out of a traffic jam.
This is why a significant part of the Internet's original academic
pioneers are experimenting with new technologies to separate and prioritize
Internet traffic.  The Internet's underlying technologies are designed to
implement what is called a "best effort" level of serviceï¿½meaning that if
packets cannot be delivered the Internet keeps trying to send them for
three days before giving up.  Just as HOV (high occupancy vehicle) lanes
have been part of the solution to the problem of highway traffic,
tomorrow's Internet will support quality-of-service or QoS distinctions so
that the bits containing an MRI moving between a primary care physician and
a specialist are given the priority they deserve over more playful uses of
the Internet.  While industry is addressing the problem of congestion in
various ways, it is often the university research community that produces
the innovative solutions that no one has yet thought of.
This ability to prioritize packets, in conjunction with the ability to
reserve bandwidth in advance rather than just hoping for the best, may be
the foundation of tomorrow's multimedia Internet.  With the right
underlying technologies, tomorrow's Internet will handle voice and video
services with greater ease than it handles email and Web pages today.  Some
of the next generation of Internet success stories will once again come
from the networking laboratories of university-based researchers. Who is behind this:
The driving force behind the lawsuit is Attorney William Bode in Washington
(202-862-4300) on behalf of a client called the American Internet
Registrants Association.  If Lott is successful the ratification will be
repealed and the lawsuit will be settled in favor of the plaintiffs.
Although it is not yet possible to link Bode to Senator Lott's actions, a
search of the Federal Election Commission's campaign contributors on the
Center for Responsive Politics site ( reveals Bode as an active
financial supporter of the Republican National Committee, former Senator
Bob Dole, and Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY), who is chair of the
Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee.  What CyberCitizens can do:
The most important members of the Senate to contact are Lott, Senator
William Roth (R-DE, chair of the Finance Committee) and Senator John McCain
(R-AZ) chair of the Senate Commerce Committee and the bill's Republican
floor manager).  It is also useful to contact the Democratic floor manager,
Senator Byron Dorgan (D-ND).  A staffer in the office of Senator Ron Wyden
(D-OR), who has sponsored the Internet Tax Freedom Act, says Wyden will not
make any effort to get the objectionable amendment removed, saying "we do
not have a dog in that fight."  Others worth contacting are Finance
Committee members Senator Al D'Amato and Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan
from New York, the state with the highest number of 4 year, Ph.D.-granting
institutions and the highest number of students at 4 year schools, who
would benefit from the NSF funding.  Their e-mail addresses:
Senator Trent Lott (R-MS)  senatorlott at lott.senate.gov or fax 202-224-2262
Senator William Roth (R-DE) comments at roth.senate.gov
Senator John McCain (R-AZ)  senator_mccain at mccain.senate.gov
Senator Byron Dorgan (D-ND) senator at dorgan.senate.gov
Senator Alphonse D'Amato (R-NY) senator_al at damato.senate.gov
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan (D-NY) senator at dpm.senate.gov
Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR) senator at wyden.senate.gov
In addition, universities, Internet industry associations and companies
should consider supporting Network Solutions in its legal battle over the
lawfulness of the Internet Intellectual Infrastructure fund.  If any group
or individual is interested in filing an amicus brief in support of the
lawfulness of the registration fee, they should contact Mark Davies at
mdavies at mayerbrown.com for more details.
For more on the Internet domain name controversy see the Domain Name
Handbook at Others who could be interviewed include:
Joel Widder, Deputy Director of the NSF's Office of Legislative and Public
Affairs at 703-306-1070 or jwidder at nsf.gov
Tony Rutkowski, formerly Executive Director of the Internet Society and now
head of the independent Center for the Next Generation Internet
( at 703-437-9236 or amr at ngi.org
Howard Sartori (202-917-2935), president of the American Internet
Registrant's Association ( or 202-862-4363)
Gabe Battista 703-742-4842) president of Network Solutions, Inc.
( or 703-742-0400)
**version 1.2
new address: 	5 Brattle Road

@_date: 1998-09-23 10:22:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senate panel considers Internet regulations (fwd) 
TIME Digital's Netly News
September 23, 1998
   Senate Panel Mulls Web Regulations
   By Declan McCullagh
   Thought a GOP-led Congress was going to hold off on regulating the
   Internet? Guess again. A Senate panel is meeting this morning to hear
   arguments about a proposal to regulate exactly what information
   commercial web sites may collect from visitors.
   [...remainder snipped...]

@_date: 1998-09-28 12:13:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Blacklisted spam victim wants his day in court (fwd) 
TIME Digital's Netly News
September 28, 1998    Blacklisted Spam Victim Wants His Day in Court    By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   When Craig Harmer got spammed, he did what all of us should do: he
   fired off a nasty email to the perp and the perp's Internet provider.
   "I was trying to get his web site connectivity yanked," says Harmer, a
   35-year old Unix programmer who didn't really think much of it at the
   time. But the spammer remembered. Harmer says someone named Michael
   Reed was behind the bulk email, and accuses Reed of retaliating by
   using Harmer's Internet site as a mail relay, pumping megabytes of
   forged sex spam through it and letting Harmer take the rap.
   [...remainder snipped...]

@_date: 1998-09-29 07:29:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: The virtual president 
I enjoy reading WorldNetDaily and all that, but it's a far cry from "the
mainstream media."
Sign me,
A reporter in the mainstream media
Time Inc.
Washington, DC

@_date: 1998-09-29 10:34:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Horde this Book: the first Y2K action novel 
TIME Digital's Netly News
September 29, 1998
   Horde This Book
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   Book Review America's computers crashed on January 1, 2000. Cars won't
   start, planes won't fly, and the military is in shambles. Soldiers of
   unknown origin have seized control of a key high-tech company. China
   is about to invade. The one man who can save Western civilization from
   a Digital Dark Age is Y2K fixmeister Mark Solvang. Mark's problem?
   Well, it happens to be his company those troops took over. What comes
   next is a predictable romp through gun battles, hacking, and
   government intrigue that's sure to satisfy Chuck Norris fans but leave
   anyone else hoping for more.
   [...remainder snipped...]

@_date: 2000-12-01 09:15:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Arthur Anderson black-bagged, NIPC now spooking 
References: <10D1CDA5E7B0D41190F800D0B74585641C73DC
I'm not bragging; I'm simply stating facts. It is not unreasonable, or
unexpected, for journalists to know the bureaucrats and politicians whom
they write about.
I have met Mike; I was on a panel with him in NYC circa June. I've also
seen him at other events.

@_date: 2000-12-01 14:16:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feds get a raise, thanks, Bill 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                        Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                            December 1, 2000
                     TEXT OF A LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT
               TO THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                       AND THE PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE
                                  November 30, 2000
Dear Mr. Speaker:   (Dear Mr. President:)
I am transmitting an alternative plan for Federal employee locality-based
comparability payments (locality pay) for 2001.
Federal employees are the key to effective Government performance.  During
the last 8 years, the number of Federal employees has declined while their
responsibilities have stayed the same or increased.  Nonetheless, recent
surveys show the American public believes it is now getting better quality
and more responsible service from our Federal employees.  We need to
provide them fair and equitable compensation to recognize their important
role, and to enable the Federal Government to continue to attract and
retain a high-quality workforce.
Under title 5, United States Code, most Federal civilian employees would
receive a two-part pay raise in January 2001:  (1) a 2.7 percent base
salary raise linked to the part of the Employment Cost Index (ECI) that
deals with changes in the wages and salaries of private industry workers;
and (2) a locality pay raise, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics'
salary surveys of non-Federal employers in local pay areas, that would cost
about 12.3 percent of payroll.  Thus, on a cost-of-payroll basis, the total
Federal employee pay increase for most employees would be about 15 percent
in 2001.
For each part of the two-part pay increase, title 5 gives me the authority
to implement an alternative pay adjustment plan if I view the pay
adjustment that would otherwise take effect as inappropriate because of
"national emergency or serious economic conditions affecting the general
welfare."  Over the past three decades, Presidents have used this or
similar authority for most annual Federal pay raises.
In evaluating "an economic condition affecting the general welfare," the
law directs me to consider such economic measures as the Index of Leading
Economic Indicators, the Gross National Product, the unemployment rate, the
budget deficit, the Consumer Price Index, the Producer Price Index, the
Employment Cost Index, and the Implicit Price Deflator for Personal
Consumption Expenditures.
Earlier this year, I decided that I would implement -- effective in January
2001 -- the full 2.7 percent base salary adjustment.  As a result, it was
not necessary to transmit an alternative pay plan by the legal deadline
(August 31) for that portion of the pay raise.
In assessing the appropriate locality pay adjustment for 2001, I reviewed
the indicators cited above along with other major economic indicators.  As
noted above, the full locality pay increases, when combined with the 2.7
percent base salary increase, would produce a total Federal civilian
payroll increase of about 15 percent for most employees.  In fiscal year
(FY) 2001 alone, this increase would add $9.8 billion above the cost of the
3.7 percent increase I proposed in the fiscal 2001 Budget.
A 15 percent increase in Federal pay would mark a fundamental change of our
successful policy of fiscal discipline, and would invite serious economic
risks -- in terms of the workings of the Nation's labor markets; inflation;
the costs of maintaining Federal programs; and the impact of the Federal
budget on the economy as a whole.
First, an across-the-board 15 percent increase in Federal pay scales would
be disruptive to labor markets across the country.  This increase would be
three to four times the recent average annual changes in private-sector
compensation, built into the base of the pay structure not just for 2001,
but for subsequent years as well.  With job markets already tight and
private firms reporting great difficulties in attracting and retaining
skilled employees, this increase in Federal salaries could pull prospective
job seekers away from private employment opportunities.
Second, in the face of such a large Federal pay increase, private firms
would almost certainly react by increasing their own wage offers.  Thus,
beyond the labor-market disruption of such a Federal pay increase, there
would follow a serious risk of inflation; and that risk would far exceed
the direct effects of the Federal pay raise taken in isolation.  Pay rates
economy-wide have already enticed a record percentage of the adult
population into the labor force and paid employment.  There are few
unemployed or underemployed workers available for hire; if private firms
need additional labor, they must raise their wage offers to attract workers
from other firms.  Such bidding wars for labor -- which constitutes roughly
two-thirds of business costs in this economy -- have been at or near the
core of all inflationary outbursts in our recent history.  To date, intense
competitive pressures have prevented private firms from allowing
their wage offers to step out of line with productivity gains, and
inflationary pressures have remained contained.  However, a shock arising
outside of the competitive labor market itself -- such as an
administratively determined Federal pay increase -- could convince private
business managers that they must increase their offers beyond the current
norms.  In the past to reverse accelerating inflation, the Nation paid an
enormous toll through policies designed to slow the economy and reduce the
pressure on prices.  In numerous instances, the result was recession and
sharp increases in unemployment.  With labor markets as tight as they are
we should not undertake a policy likely to shock the labor market.
Third, Federal program managers are already under considerable pressure to
meet their budgets, while still providing quality service to the taxpayers.
Increasing the Federal employment costs at such an extraordinary rate would
render those budgets inadequate to provide the planned level of services.
Appropria-tions for the coming fiscal year have already been legislated for
much of the Federal Government, and all sides hope that spending bills for
the remaining agencies will pass in the very near future.  In particular,
agencies that have the greatest responsibility for person-to-person service

@_date: 2000-12-03 01:58:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Arthur Anderson black-bagged, NIPC now spooking 
References: <3.0.6.32.20001129123906.00818210 <20001201093725.A13340 Right! His eyebrows have actually grown considerably longer since this
photo (and I didn't think such a thing was possible, given the laws
of gravity):

@_date: 2000-12-03 02:28:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Scenes from the Supreme Court protests today 
References: <200012020116.UAA09709
Hey, I shot a roll of B&W 400-speed that I'm having developed
now. I've hardly given up on analog -- some shots of Jesse Jackson
marching I wouldn't have been able to get without a nice, fast
70-200/2.8 lens and a camera to match. The damnable CoolPix takes
seconds to process each shot.
I'm getting a review unit of the Canon D-30 digital SLR that can take
Canon mount lenses; we'll see how that compares...

@_date: 2000-12-03 23:09:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Signatures and MIME Attachments Getting Out of Hand 
References: <20001203203433.A7327 <20001203191604.B10121  <20001203212557.A11762
Both of you make reasonable points. (I read cypherpunks exclusively with
mutt, which does follow the standards, perhaps even fanatically.) But there seems to be little benefit to (a) signing messages, though
this admittedly a personal issue and (b) using MIME types when some
mailreaders will not support them. Heck, even leaving aside the Eudora
problem, MIME attachments would pose problems if I want to use
(living in the '80s)

@_date: 2000-12-04 02:29:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Palestinian Crackers Share Bugs 
References: <4.3.2.7.0.20001202133953.00ab0c00 <4.0.1.20001203200536.008efee0
You found me out. I'll be sure to report you at the next meeting of
the Council on Foreign Relations, a joint event with the Trilateral
Commission and the Bilderbergers. The Orbital Mind Control Lasers
won't just be set on "stun" this time.
-Declan, not speaking for any pod, tentacle, or any other vaguely
protoplasmic lifeform that may or may not be associated with the
U.S. national security apparatus.

@_date: 2000-12-05 09:38:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New anti-gun legislation in Congress 
today:	
News conference to announce that the proposed Gun Show Accountability
Act will be introduced in the next Congress.
Participants: Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-N.J., and Sen. Jack
     Reed, D-R.I.=
Location: SC-6 U.S. Capitol. 11:30 a.m.
Contact: Greg McCarthy, 202-224-3326, or Alex Formuzis,
     202-224-4744

@_date: 2000-12-05 10:18:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
References: <3.0.6.32.20001204180431.007d2660 Nah. Barry has been at the ACLU for 30 yrs. He's lived through the
Republican NWO of Reagan and Bush.
When Clinton took over, the ACLU was giddy, thinking they had a friend
in the White House. Whoops.

@_date: 2000-12-05 10:26:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs - The REAL story! 
References: <200012050959.EAA16077
This is a nasty little worm. Background:

@_date: 2000-12-05 21:02:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: BNA's Internet Law News (ILN) - 12/5/00) 
References:  A copy of the indictment is here:
Nicodemo S. Scarfo, the defendant in this case, is the son of the
former head of the Philadelphia-Atlantic City mob (who has been in
jail himself since 1991); Nicodemo is currently out on bail and
awaiting trial. His attorney was going to file a pretrial motion on
the crypto issue, but was replaced today  (conflict of interest rules)
with a new attorney, with whom I have not yet spoken.
So if you don't like this kind of FBI black bag job, you'll want to
root for Mr. Scarfo. :)
PS: Some background on FBI black bag jobs and crypto:

@_date: 2000-12-05 23:37:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: damsel in distress 
References: I included ordering info in a wired.com column earlier this year.
Ah, here it is:
Or you can make a bid for one of the copies of the movie already out
there in cypherpunkly hands. :)

@_date: 2000-12-06 12:07:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
References: <20001205184008.16124.qmail <20001205111852.D3423
A minor clarification: The formal proposal known as "Know Your
Customer" was withdrawn (see my back articles on that topic). But
other regulations in the same vein require banks to require ID.

@_date: 2000-12-06 12:17:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
References: <200012051415.JAA15291  <200012060009.TAA20082 <20001205192230.C23732
On the web sites that I maintain, I have a stated policy that we
intend to challenge subpoenas for our web logs and user database. Of
course, talk is cheap, and I'd hope to find funding for lawyers or
pro-bono work. Then again, it's a likely possibility: When I got a
subpoena, I found pro bono counsel (and excellent one too).

@_date: 2000-12-06 12:20:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
References: <200012060009.TAA20082 Might this be another crankish Jim Choate theory? I think the law is pretty clear:
* For most ISPs and dot com sites, there is no general duty to
preserve logs for five years, or for any time at
all. Gramm-Leach-Bliley may change this when it take affect next year
for sites dealing with cc I haven't read up on the specifics.
* Common carriers are regulated closely by the FCC and states. (Think:
Approval required before raising prices.) ou don't want to be one.

@_date: 2000-12-06 13:01:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
References: <20001206120757.A32016
 <20001205184008.16124.qmail
 <20001205111852.D3423
 <20001206120757.A32016
You're thinking of something slightly different. The Fed-Treasury-FDIC action that caused so much fuss would have made "suggested" KYC rules that apply to banks mandatory. Here's the federal register notice abandoning the propsed KYC regs:

@_date: 2000-12-06 13:03:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
Oh, and the proposed KYC rules would have required banks to go further than requiring ID (other current rules, as you say, require that) and try to determine source of funds, etc.

@_date: 2000-12-06 15:52:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: My plan to deal with subpoenas to testify 
References: <20001206121708.B32016
 <200012051415.JAA15291
 <200012060009.TAA20082
 <20001205192230.C23732
 <20001206121708.B32016
When I was served with a subpoena in the CJ Parker trial, I had had a party the night before and let a friend of a friend sleep over in my living room. The process server showed up around 7:30 am the following morning and my houseguest let him into the foyer. Grr.
When I was subpoenaed in the Parker trial, I did not give any pre trial statement or affidavits or whatnot. (There's no incentive for me to do so, and presumably little incentive for list members to do so, unless they see it as a way to avoid further involvement.) My lawyer was the person who had contact with DoJ.
Yes. It's a standard government form. They also paid something like $25 a day while you waited outside the courtroom before being called to the stand, and $40 a day you actually testified. Yay.

@_date: 2000-12-06 22:49:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: My plan to deal with subpoenas to testify 
References: <20001206121708.B32016 <200012051415.JAA15291  <200012060009.TAA20082 <20001205192230.C23732 <20001206121708.B32016 <4.3.0.20001206152718.02022dd0 My memory is hazy, but I believe this is correct. The form was for
incidentals like cab fare, meals,etc.

@_date: 2000-12-07 09:21:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report on 50-country cyber crime survey 
The Johns Hopkins University Paul Nitze School of Advanced International "Global Cyber Crime: Weak Laws Threaten E-Commerce: But Does Euroopean
Remedy Go Too Far?" including release of a 50-country survey showing
patchwork of outdated and inconsistent laws shielding cyber criminals.
Participants: Bruce McConnell, president, McConnell International
     LLC; Henric Kaspersen, Council of Europ; Jeffrey
     Pryce, Steptoe & Johnson LLP; and James Dempsey,
     Center for Democracy and Technology
Location: SAIS, Nitze Building, 1740 Massachusetts Ave.,
     NW, Kenney Auditorium. 10:30 a.m.
Contact: Felisa Neuringer, 202-663-5626; e-mail, fneuringer at jhu.edu;
     or

@_date: 2000-12-07 16:23:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Hypenated-Americans: For Tim 
About the American Hyphen Society
The American Hyphen Society is a community-based, not-for-profit,
grass-roots conciousness-raising/education-research alliance that seeks
to help effectuate the across-the-board self-empowerment of wide-ranging
culture-, nationality-, ethnicity-, creed-, gender-, and
sexual-orientation-defined identity groups by excising all
multiculturally-less-than-sensitive terminology from the English
language, and replacing it with counter-hegemonic, cruelty-, gender-,
bias-, and, if necessary, content-free speech. The society's motto is
"It became necessary to destroy the language in order to save it". Its
headquarters are in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.

@_date: 2000-12-09 11:27:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: My short writeup of the NymIP effort 
Devising Invisible Ink
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Dec. 9, 2000 PST
    WASHINGTON -- An ambitious effort to protect online anonymity will
    kick off this weekend.
    A working group of about a dozen technologists, called NymIP, is
    gathering before the Internet Engineering Task Force's meeting to take
    the very first steps toward devising a standard that will foster
    untraceable communications and Web browsing for Internet users.
    Currently, commercial products such as Anonymizer.com and Zero
    Knowledge's Freedom client permit anonymous or pseudonymous
    Net-surfing. The NymIP effort aims to create standard protocols that
    would be more widely adopted and not tied to one company's product or
    service.
    Zero Knowledge, a Montreal firm, began the project last month, but the
    working group is now headed by Harvard University's Scott Bradner, an
    IETF veteran. Quips Zero Knowledge engineer John Bashinski: "I've been
    heard enough as it is, and am trying to moderate my natural
    big-mouthed tendencies and let others speak for a while."
    One probable topic of discussion: The tradeoffs between bandwidth and
    security. Absolute security requires scads of cover traffic to mask
    the communications that a user wants to conceal, but it also eats up
    bandwidth.
    "Scalability isn't too bad if you're looking at scaling the number of
    users," writes Bashinski in a post to the NymIP mailing list. "Where
    scaling seems to bite you is with the size of the anonymity group,
    defined as the set of users that, given the information the recipient
    or an eavesdropper has, could have sent a given message. In
    high-security systems, more or less those with meaningful resistance
    to traffic analysis, scaling in the anonymity group size seems to be
    superlinear, maybe even N^2."
    Translation: That's enough to clog a lot of T-3 lines.
    [...]
    New Film 'Dungeons' Drags On
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    7:00 p.m. Dec. 8, 2000 PST
    Too many films based on a tale with origins far from Hollywood suffer
    from that irksome flaw of not being true to the original, leaving fans
    to gnash their teeth and moan like an orc with gastritis.
    Not so Dungeons & Dragons, which is afflicted with the related but
    equally vexing ailment of hewing too closely to the awesomely popular
    role-playing game that gave it life.
    To wit: The 100-minute flick from New Line Cinema is less a story of
    love and adventure than a convenient vehicle for some
    occasionally-phenomenal light shows in dungeons and hordes of swooping
    dragons flapping around the Empire of Izmer looking like nothing so
    much as oversized pterodactyls equipped with +5 fireballs and terribly
    bad attitudes.
    But successful real-life D&D games require far more -- well-drawn
    heroes and convincing antagonists are not at all optional. And in
    devising this wide screen adaptation that opened Friday,
    director-grand-poobah Courtney Solomon has failed repeated saving
    throws against the chaotic-evil forces of blandness and blah.
    By itself, the story shows promise.
    A vaguely medieval society is sharply divided between the Mages -- an
    elite and somewhat stuffy breed of magic users who skulk around their
    towering stone fortress -- and everyone else.
    Izmer's teen empress (an unremarkable Thora Birch) wants everyone to
    be "equal," a vague but unobjectionable idea, while the evil Mage
    Profion (Jeremy Irons) has successfully convinced the legislature
    otherwise. A power struggle ensues that makes the Florida election look
    like an endearing display of bonhomie, and the winner is the side
    that can find the fabled Rod of Savrille and thus command the mighty
    red dragons.
    Enter two thieves, Ridley (Justin Whalin) and Snails (Marlon Wayans),
    who join a cute young female mage, a grumpy dwarf, and an aloof elf --
    your classic D&D traveling companions -- to trounce the bad guy, help
    the good one, and perhaps encounter a love interest or two along the
    way.
    It's a good start, but not much more. The director, Solomon, can't
    seem to decide whether to take the film seriously or allow it to spoof
    itself -- and neither can the actors.
    The performance by Academy Award-winning Irons is remarkable only in
    how lackluster it is, and Wayans' inner-city slang is as out of place
    as he would be in any believable Thieves' Guild.
    Note to Solomon: Thieves should be lithe and sneaky, not bumbling
    trolls. (At least -- spoiler alert -- this Jar Jar Binks stand-in is
    slaughtered halfway through the movie.)
    [...]

@_date: 2000-12-09 11:35:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ranks Of Privacy 'Pragmatists' Are Growing 
References: Ron is far more than that: He's also out of house counsel for DMA. I do; I was even at his 70th (I think) birthday party. I think the
odds that he's on this list are phenomenally low. Privacy leftists
(what you really mean when you're saying privacy advocates) don't like
him because they think that after some seminal work he did, he sold
out and now supports the idea that there are some valid reasons for
corporate data exchange, etc. Heresy!
You mean "privacy leftists," don't you?

@_date: 2000-12-09 11:38:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Masks [was: Re: About 5yr. log retention] 
References:  I believe this is correct. It's a state or local thing in the U.S. I recall Philadelphia passed an emergency anti-mask ordinance as a way
to thwart mask-wearing protesters during the GOP convention:

@_date: 2000-12-09 11:46:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References:  <000701c061cf$4974f4a0$0801a8c0
I taped a CSPAN show about two years ago before a bunch of high
school kids who were in DC for the week.
The subject of fingerprint access to bank ATMs came up and I mentioned
the lop-off-one-digit scenario. They were appropriately horrified, and
I don't think the moderator enjoyed it much either...

@_date: 2000-12-10 11:59:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The US mis-election - an oportunity for e-voting.. 
References:  <120171.976443797
With respect, you're joking, right?
The current system is flawed, true, but an Internet voting system
would likely suffer from far more serious security, authentication,
and fraud problems. This is a recurring topic of discussion in
cryptographic and computer-risks circles. Do some web searches.

@_date: 2000-12-11 01:32:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: US: Democracy or Republic? 
References:    <5.0.0.25.0.20001210170524.07778570
Heh. For every Democrat (and perhaps some Republicans) who goes on TV
and proudly proclaims this perpetual election as a good thing because
it buttresses our civics knowledge, I want to ask: Why don't we
encourage the president, say, to commit a felony? The subsequent
prosecution and conviction would be fascinating to observe and would
*really* educate America's children.
Of course, I think the perpetual election (see perpetualelection.com)
is a good thing for entirely different reasons than those I give
above. See:

@_date: 2000-12-11 11:10:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Privacy is another victim of the war on (some) drugs 
Privacy a Victim of the Drug War
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Dec. 11, 2000 PST
    WASHINGTON -- When Indianapolis police stopped James Edmond and Joell
    Palmer at a drug checkpoint two years ago, the two men didn't merely
    get peeved.
    They got even. Edmond and Palmer filed a federal lawsuit claiming the
    drug-stop violated the Constitution's rule against unreasonable
    searches, and the Supreme Court recently agreed with them in a 6-3
    ruling.
    But privacy scholars caution that the decision is only a minor victory
    for the right to be let alone, saying that the 30-year old war on
    drugs has gradually but persistently eroded privacy rights offline and
    online.
    Government officials have repeatedly warned of "drug smugglers" and
    "money launderers" while asking for encryption export controls,
    increased wiretap powers, and the authority to conduct infrared scans
    of homes without search warrants. The FBI claims its controversial
    Carnivore system is a big help in narcotics investigations.
    "The Fourth Amendment has been virtually repealed by court decisions,
    most of which involve drug searches," says Steven Duke, a professor of
    law at Yale University.
    Duke is talking about the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against
    "unreasonable" searches and seizures -- a phrasing that permits courts
    to decide what kinds of searches are reasonable or not.
    Since the 1970s, the Supreme Court has largely sided with law
    enforcement's views, and the justices over time have handed police
    more surveillance and search authority.
    The high court has said, for instance, that a search based on an
    invalid warrant is perfectly OK as long as police acted in "good
    faith." In Oliver vs. U.S., the justices ruled that police can search
    a field next to a farmhouse for marijuana plants, even if "No
    Trespassing" signs are posted and the police trespass was a criminal
    act in itself.
    Duke believes the court's ruling in the drug-stop case is mildly
    encouraging, but not much more. "The Supreme Court's decision is a ray
    of hope," Duke says. "I would hope that the pendulum might swing a
    little in the opposite direction. But I don't think we'll get back
    much of the privacy we've lost. I'd be very surprised if we did."
    One case that the Supreme Court has agreed to review this term, Kyllo
    vs. United States, will determine whether police can scan homes from
    afar -- without a warrant -- using a thermal imaging gun. The practice
    is becoming increasingly common as cops use the devices to hunt for
    heat patterns that could indicate pot plants in someone's basement.
    The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals had ruled that "we find no
    violation of the Fourth Amendment" when police used the Thermovision
    210 to examine Danny Lee Kyllo's home and convict him of one count of
    manufacturing marijuana.
    [...]
    Perhaps the most striking intersection between the drug war and
    privacy is in a rather mundane area of the law: wiretapping.
    In 1968, state officials conducted 174 wiretaps and the feds none,
    according to statistics from the Administrative Office of the U.S.
    Courts. By 1999, three decades after President Nixon kicked off the
    drug war, the number had ballooned to 1,350 wiretaps, with a breakdown
    of 749 state and 601 federal. Not one request was denied.
    By last year, the vast majority of the wiretaps had become
    narcotics-related: 978 of 1,350, according to government figures.
    "The expansion of federal wiretap activity and authority, which are
    two distinct concepts, is significant," says Marc Rotenberg, director
    of the Electronic Privacy Information Center. "It is clearly the case
    that the war on drugs has increased the number of wiretaps conducted
    and the number of circumstances where wiretaps can be conducted."
    [...]
John Gilmore adds:

@_date: 2000-12-11 22:45:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Yet Another Survey: Americans have become privacy pragmatists 
[Originally sent to politech at politechbot.com. --DBM]
[I believe Americans care a lot about privacy invasions _when they don't have a choice_ -- such as cops sniffing your house for illegal drugs with airborne drones or Thermovision 210s. But when Americans _get to choose_ whether to give up their privacy in exchange for something of value, they often do. Just look at Safeway discount cards (and, in DC, Fresh Fields discount cards). Obviously not all choices -- health insurance comes to mind -- are as clear. But I don't think Americans will pay a lot extra to protect their privacy. How many Internet consumer-privacy firms have succeeded? --Declan]

@_date: 2000-12-12 16:29:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Digital Economy Jargon Generator 
References: <4.3.0.20001212160433.0159a030
 <4.3.0.20001212160433.0159a030
I've got an idea! How about one that would make text look like it was spoken by a Canadian!?!

@_date: 2000-12-12 17:08:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Digital Economy Jargon Generator 
References: <4.3.0.20001212162847.015b68a0
Modern computer science has not advanced sufficiently to accomplish such a feat. :)

@_date: 2000-12-12 18:15:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Insult Islam online, go to jail 
Malaysia Takes Action On Anti-Islam Internet Surfers
By Steve Gold, Newsbytes
KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA,
12 Dec 2000, 7:48 AM CST
Insulting Islam on the Internet in Malaysia could prove costly from now on, as the government has warned that offenders face fines of up to $1,300 and/or three years in prison.
This draconian warning came from Abdul Hamid Othman, a minister in the Malaysian Prime Minister's Department Monday, when he said that any Muslim world Internet surfers who insult the Prophet Mohammed and the Koran, the Muslim equivalent of the bible, on the Internet, face dire consequences.
The legal action, he said, will be taken under Syariah criminal law - the Law of Mohammed - which all Muslim states adopt.
Othman's comments are likely to attract condemnation from Western Internet users and experts, many of whom, say Islamic proponents, do not understand the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed.

@_date: 2000-12-13 09:12:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Only one horseman left! 
today in dc:
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
Foreign Threats
Crime Subcommittee hearing on the threat posed by the convergence of
organized crime, drug trafficking and terrorism.
Witnesses: Donnie Marshall, administrator, Drug Enforcement
     Administration, Justice Department; Michael
     Sheehan, ambassador at large/coordinator,
     Counterterrorism, State Department; Steven
     McCraw, inspector-deputy assistant director,
     Information, Analysis and Assessments Branch,
     Investigative Division, FBI; Frank Cilluffo,
     senior policy analyst/deputy director, Center
     for Strategic and International Studies; Ralf
     Mutschke, assistant director/sub-directorate,
     Crimes Against Persons and Property, Interpol
     General Secretariat; Raphael Perl, specialist,
     International Affairs, Congressional Research
     Service
Location: 2141 Rayburn House Office Building. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-225-3951

@_date: 2000-12-13 10:11:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR:Re: The US mis-election - an oportunity for e-voting.. 
References: <464922.976449529 <001c01c062e0$5db95fc0$0100a8c0 Different standards aren't necessarily bad either. Local jurisdictions
have a substantial amount of leeway in ballot design in Florida,
which, Democratic partisan protests notwithstanding, is probably a
reasonable thing.
In other areas of the law, they have the opportunity to craft laws and
rules that are more suitable to their area of the country. Local
control and competition among different standards set by different
local communities generally is a good thing. If nothing else, it's the
way the U.S. political system was set up to work.

@_date: 2000-12-14 07:30:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Biowomdterror today in DC 
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
Washington Foreign Press Center (WFPC)
Background briefing on a new phase for the "Rewards for Justice" program,
an initiative to prevent international terrorist acts. Foreign media
only please
Location: WFPC, Room 898, National Press Building, 14th
     and F St., NW. 2:15 p.m.
Contact: Andy Dryden, 202-661-8963
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission (CICAD)
Special session to consider and adopt 1999-2000 national and hemispheric
reports on anti-drug efforts progress throughout the Americas, December
11-15. All sessions closed
Location: Organization of American States (OAS), 17th
     St. and Constitution Ave., NW, Hall of the
     Americas. 9 a.m.
Contact: Janelle Conaway, 202-458-6841
SOCIAL ISSUES
National Press Club Morning Newsmaker Program
Release of findings on U.S. terrorism preparedness to be sent to Congress
and the president.
Participants: Gov. Jim Gilmore, R-Va., chairman, Advisory
     Panel to Assess Domestic Response Capabilities
     for Terrorism Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction
Location: National Press Club, 14th and F Sts., NW. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-662-7593

@_date: 2000-12-14 07:40:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: National Academy of Sciences panel hears about porn & kids 
How X Rates With 'W'
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    8:00 a.m. Dec. 13, 2000 PST
    WASHINGTON -- Advisory committees inside the federal bureaucracy
    usually inhabit that featureless terrain between obscurity and
    futility: There's no pay, scant power and little prestige.
    But when a group is created by the respected National Academy of
    Sciences, and when the topic is the politically heated brew of sex,
    kids and the Internet, traditional rules no longer apply.
    With an eye to making a recommendation to Congress next year, the
    academy's committee on Internet pornography and inappropriate material
    met on Wednesday to hear social science experts describe the effects
    of smut and violence on the youth of America.
    It's a sure bet Washington will be paying close attention to the
    results. Republicans have pledged that the Justice Department will
    pounce on "obscene" websites should George W. Bush gain the
    presidency. Bush himself has railed against offensive content online,
    and he has endorsed library and school filtering.
    "One of the reasons we've had very little success (getting sex and
    violence off TV) is that television controls the message," said Joanne
    Cantor, a communications professor at the University of Wisconsin.
    "The positive thing may be that television is more willing to focus on
    the horrors of the Internet than the horrors of television," Cantor
    said.
    Cantor, like the other presenters, didn't confine her remarks to porn.
    Although figuring out how to shield kids from digital prurience is the
    group's primary task, it's also charged with considering "other
    inappropriate Internet content."
    That's arguably a pretty vague mission, but the committee members were
    too busy agreeing with the speakers to quibble.
    [...]
    Wednesday's meeting of the National Academy of Sciences panel was
    designed to explore "non-technical" strategies for protecting children
    from offensive material -- such options include providing guidelines
    for parents and educating kids about sexuality. Technical options the
    panel will weigh include filtering software, the creation of a new
    top-level domain, rating systems, and regulations or new laws directed
    at sexually explicit sites online.
    The committee's stated goal is to "provide a foundation for a more
    coherent and objective local and national debate on the subject of
    Internet pornography" while avoiding "specific" recommendations
    directed at new laws or regulations.
    This week's meeting is the third. The group will next meet in March in
    the San Francisco area to discuss technical options, and finally in
    June 2001 in Chicago.
    [...]

@_date: 2000-12-14 11:50:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ranks Of Privacy 'Pragmatists' Are Growing 
References:  <20001209113533.B10803
 <20001209113533.B10803
Bill, this is splendid! Can I talk you into writing a similar screed about privacy leftists? I'll cite you in my weekly column. --Declan

@_date: 2000-12-14 18:05:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: nambla 
References: <20001214200309.23459.qmail
Only four lines of curses? Sheesh. Thought we'd rate at least five.

@_date: 2000-12-14 21:08:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: nambla 
References: <20001214180504.B25821
 <20001214200309.23459.qmail
 <20001214180504.B25821
Matt, I didn't know you were the religious type!

@_date: 2000-03-17 10:39:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Events in DC: Gun control, McCaffrey on "Our Balanced Approach 
SOCIAL ISSUES
News conference to highlight the negligence of the House of Representatives
to act on sensible gun safety proposals.
Participants: Rep. Rosa DeLauro, D-Conn.; Rep. Nita Lowey,
     D-N.Y.; Rep. Carolyn McCarthy, D-N.Y., and
     Nina Butts, Texans Against Gun Violence
Location: HC-5, U.S. Capitol. 1 p.m.
Contact: 202-225-3661
SOCIAL ISSUES
National Public Broadcasting/FRONTLINE and National Public Radio
Symposium on "U.S. Drug War Policy" for media and invited guests. Highlights:
  8:55 a.m. - Panel 1, "Treatment and Educations v. Prohibition and
Punishment"  10:10 a.m. - Panel 2, "Social Justice and the War on Drugs"
  11:45 a.m. - Barry McCaffrey, national drug czar, "Our Balanced Approach
to Drug Policy is Working"  2 p.m. - Panel 3, "The International War
on Drugs," broadcast live on NPR News' "Talk of the Nation"  3 p.m.
- Panel 4, "The Drug Business," broadcast live
Location: Georgetown University Law Center, New Jersey
     Ave., NW. 8:45 a.m.
Contact: To join broadcast discussions call 800-989-TALK;
     for information call Chris Kelly, 617-300-3375
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
Jeremy and Julia
Crime Subcommittee hearing on H.R.469, Jeremy and Julia's Law.
Location: 2237 Rayburn House Office Building. 1:30 p.m.
Contact: 202-225-3951 SOCIAL ISSUES
Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD)
National Youth Summit to Prevent Underage Drinking, September 29-October
4. Highlights:  9:45 a.m. - Party Group   11 a.m. Closing General
Session: "So Now What Do We Do?"
Location: National 4-H Center, 7100 Connecticut Ave.,
     Chevy Chase, MD. 9:45 a.m.
Contact: 214-744-6233, ext. 216, or Wall St. Journal
Technology Summit 2000: The Next Economy - Business, Public Policy
and the Internet.
Location: Ronald Reagan Building, 1300 Pennsylvania
     Ave., NW.
Contact: 800-457-5766; Nortel Networks
Policy luncheon on the issue of "Exploring Broadband Possibilities."
Participants: Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore.; Clarence Chandran,
     COO, Nortel Networks and Elliot Maxwell, special
     adviser to the Secretary of Commerce for the
     digital economy
Location: 902 Hart Senate Office Building. 12 noon
Contact: Walter Kallaur, 202-508-3607

@_date: 2000-11-01 11:41:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Zero Knowledge, after poor software sales, tries new gambit 
Privacy Firm Tries New Gambit
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Nov. 1, 2000 PST
    WASHINGTON -- Zero Knowledge Systems seems to have finally realized a
    harsh truth: Internet users don't like to pay extra to protect their
    privacy.
    The Montreal-based firm won acclaim for its sophisticated
    identity-cloaking techniques, but very few people appear to have paid
    the $49.95 a year to shield their online activities from prying eyes.
    That's not exactly a heartening prospect for a company with 250
    employees to pay and $37 million in venture capital funds to justify
    -- especially when already high-strung investors have become nervous
    about Internet companies that have never made a profit.
    Zero Knowledge's solution: A kind of privacy consulting service it
    announced on Tuesday. Through it, the company hopes to capitalize on
    the growing privacy concerns of both consumers and businesses -- and,
    most importantly, finally enjoy some revenues.
    "This is a new focus for Zero Knowledge: helping businesses build in
    privacy technologies in how they deal with customer data flow," Austin
    Hill, co-founder and chief executive, said in a telephone interview.
    "As customer expectations have increased with privacy, and how
    governments have started to regulate some privacy standards ... all of
    a sudden, companies are having to think, 'Hold on, how do I build in
    privacy?'" Hill said.
    Hill and his staff of technologists -- including veterans like
    cryptologists Stefan Brands and Ian Goldberg -- aren't alone in eyeing
    the privacy-consulting business as a lucrative one.
    Many of the established consulting businesses such as
    PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst and Young offer privacy services. IBM
    launched such a business in 1998, and an Andersen Consulting
    representative says that privacy awareness is "a component of almost
    anything we do."
    [...]

@_date: 2000-11-01 11:45:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: soft money (for what it's worth) 
Sent: Tuesday, October 31, 2000 7:42 AM
 > Sascha --- you gotta see this.
 >
 > ----- Original Message -----
 > From: xanna237 at aol.com
 > To: kim2048 at hotmail.com
 > Sent: Tuesday, October 31, 2000 7:41 AM
 > Subject: Soft Money...
 >
 >
 > >
 > > Kim,
 > >
 > > Hi There!
 > >
 > > Sorry for taking so long to email you back.  I've been really
 > > busy---not just with schoolwork, either.  And, no, I don't have a
 > > boyfriend.  It's practically Election Day!  And since this is my
 > > first time voting, participating and everything has been really
 > > important to me.
 > >
 > > Remember when John McCain visited my campus back in the spring,
 > > and I thought that his talk about campaign finance reform was
 > > pretty cool?  Well, I've changed my mind.  Reform would be nice,
 > > but right now the most important thing is the election. And this
 > > election is so close, it could really be decided by which
 > > campaign is able to run the most television advertisements.
 > >
 > > Which brings me to what I've been doing for the past few months.
 > > Which is, basically collecting soft money for the campaign and
 > > our candidates --- I call them Our Boys.  And if anybody found
 > > out what I'm doing, there would be hell to pay. So I am totally
 > > trusting you to keep this to yourself, OK?
 > >
 > > Here's how it started: My father was a delegate at the convention
 > > this summer. I came along.  It was amazing --- a whole week of
 > > partying and flirting. The food was fantastic. But I also
 > > listened to the speeches, and I really got energized, you know
 > > what I mean? I really got into the messages.  I agreed with so
 > > much of what the candidate and his VP and everybody else had to
 > > say---I was totally tripping on the atmosphere.  I asked M&D if I
 > > could give $1000 of my savings account to the campaign, and they
 > > must have been tripping too, because they said yes.
 > >
 > > Silly me, I thought that once you give a thousand dollars, that's
 > > it. But when I turned in the check, the boy who took it asked if
 > > I wanted to match my contribution with another thousand dollars
 > > to the party. That's the "soft money" that McCain was talking
 > > about. When I told him that I didn't think I could afford any
 > > more, he said "ok," but that I might want to go out fund raising,
 > > to see if I could get anybody else to contribute.
 > >
 > > This is then when I had my---oh, let's call it a revelation.  We
 > > were at this after-hours party the night before the last night of
 > > the convention, and lots of people---M&D included---were trashed
 > > off their asses.  Personally, I was soberer than sober.  So this
 > > slick-ass middle-aged man in a suit comes up to me and asks me
 > > what I'm doing there, who I'm with, blah blah blah.  We start
 > > talking, and he's all impressed with my intelligence and
 > > education and tan and my Prada minidress. So I tell him that I
 > > just contributed $1000 and he's all super-impressed with me.
 > >
 > > So the guy gets really close to me and murmurs something to the
 > > effect of: "How would you like to contribute another $1000?"  He
 > > said that he had to contribute $5000 to get into the party, and
 > > that they were expecting him to contribute another $5000 the next
 > > day. He said that if I let him kiss me, he would increase his
 > > donation to $6000.
 > >
 > > Wow.
 > >
 > > I got all warm and uncomfortable all of a sudden. I'm sure I was
 > > blushing. I didn't know what to do. And he said, "what's the
 > > harm? This campaign is very important to you. It's important to
 > > me. They need my money. I want to kiss you. A thousand dollars
 > > for our team."
 > >
 > > "You would give them an extra thousand dollars, just for a kiss?"
 > > I said.
 > >
 > > "Well, I was hoping that you would also come back to my hotel
 > > room with me," he said, with a sly smile on his face.
 > >
 > > Right. "My folks are around," I whispered back.  "They'll wonder
 > > where I am."
 > >
 > > "Fine.  A stolen kiss in an empty corner it is," he said.  He
 > > looked pretty disappointed.  "$100 work for you?"
 > >
 > > I was imagining trying to kiss him. To tell the truth, he didn't
 > > look that bad. But I felt like he was changing the bargain. "I
 > > thought you said a thousand dollars."
 > >
 > > "Yeah, I guess I did. How about $250?"
 > >
 > > I nodded and smiled, and we left the big party and went into this
 > > little conference room with the lights out, and he flipped me
 > > over like a movie star and gave me this long, slurpy, oops-I'
 > > m-accidentally-rubbing-your-tits-aren't-I? kiss.  Then he took
 > > out his checkbook, wrote out a $250 check to the National
 > > Committee, and gave it to me.
 > >
 > > Wow, I thought.  That was pretty easy.  I felt like I had given
 > > blood or something---drained but exhilarated.
 > >
 > > So the next day, while everyone was all at their little parties
 > > before the Boys were supposed to make their speeches, this other
 > > older guy comes up to me.
 > >
 > > "Hello," he says, with this little dancing school bow.  "You must
 > > be Xanna."
 > >
 > > "Yeah." I say a little suspiciously, because today I'm not all
 > > tarted up in Prada or anything.
 > >
 > > He smiles this weird smile.  "You are, I assume, the young virgin
 > > ready to serve her country?"
 > >
 > > I'm thinking, who the hell are you, asking me if I'm a virgin or
 > > not, and then I get it.  "Oh, did Jim tell you about me?"
 > >
 > > "He did.  My pockets aren't as deep as Jim's, I'm afraid. But I'm
 > > wondering how much money I could give the Party if you would put
 > > your hands in them?"
 > >
 > > Oh my God, I think.  Like my brain can't quite process what this
 > > all means, but I say, "$500."
 > >
 > > He looks at me again.  "What if you would. as you young people
 > > put it.blow me?"
 > >
 > > I say, "Spit or swallow?"
 > >
 > > He says:  "Price is no object."
 > >
 > > I say, doing the math, "One-thousand spit.  Two thousand
 > >  swallow."
 > >
 > > "Spit."
 > >
 > > So I do.  We go looking around the convention center for a quiet
 > > place, but we can't find anything. I'm getting ready to give
 > > up --- perhaps I really don't want to do this --- when he finds
 > > one of those handicap bathrooms, you know, the kind with a single
 > > toilet and a door that locks? We go inside, he locks the door,
 > > and he can barely get his pants down, he's so hard. I mean, he
 > > almost loses it the moment I touch him. Let me tell you, this guy
 > > was no different from the undergrads in my dorm. And the guy
 > > feels so bad about it, hitting my dress, just like Bill and
 > > Monica -- that he ends up writing a $1500 check to the National
 > > Committee. (He offered to give me $100 for the dry-cleaning, but
 > > I told him that I wouldn't take the money.)
 > >
 > > At this point I was totally grossed out but filled with, what,
 > > this kind of patriotic fervor.  I can't tell you how loud I
 > > cheered that night when Our Boys finally got onto the podium and
 > > accepted the nomination.
 > >
 > > The second I get back to school I signed up for the Election
 > > Events committee, which handles the campus organization, the
 > > get-out-the-vote, and such. But it was all so removed. So I went
 > > down to the state party headquarters at the capital. They wanted
 > > me to stuff envelopes and make phone calls --- until I told them
 > > that I had raised $2000 in soft money in two nights by attending
 > > parties and flirting with VIPs. That did the trick. I got added
 > > as a special guest to all of the mailing lists, parties, and
 > > special events until the election. It was sort of a tacit
 > > agreement --- I could go to all of the cool events, as long as I
 > > could keep the donations coming in.
 > >
 > > Now Kim, don't get me wrong --- the state party never explicitly
 > > endorsed the idea of trading blowjobs or a quickie for campaign
 > > contributions. They just know that I'm very good at what I do. I
 > > get to go to all of the exciting parties. I get to taste all of
 > > the amazing food, drink all of the expensive drinks (nobody cards
 > > me), and get to meet all of those important people. And they get
 > > their contributions. There's a reason that our state is up 200%
 > > over the record that we set in '96.
 > >
 > > Some of the guys try to pay me personally, but I don't let them.
 > > That would make me a whore, you know? And one guy kept calling
 > > me, trying to see if we could get together again. I told him that
 > > we couldn't do that, or else people might get suspicious.
 > > Besides, this is about being part of the political process, isn't
 > > it? It's my responsibility to get as money from as many people as
 > > possible, rather than concentrating on a few big spenders.
 > >
 > > The sex?  I admit I get into it sometimes.  A lot of these guys,
 > > they're really good in bed.  You wouldn't believe it.  I try not
 > > to fake orgasms, and what's really cool is a not insignificant
 > > amount of time I don't even have to. I mean, most of these guys
 > > act like it's their responsibility to get me off. I wish that
 > > more of the guys in my dorm felt that way!
 > >
 > > I'm really strict about my guidelines.  We meet.  We fuck or
 > > whatever.  They write out the checks.  I leave.  At first I was
 > > pretty naïve and I was willing to go along and pretend that I was
 > > their daughter's roommate or their son's girlfriend, but I
 > > finally decided that I just couldn't do that --- not that it
 > > doesn't stop them from asking.  I also won't get tied up, or tie
 > > them up.  And if it's too gross to even mention it here, I won't
 > > do it either.  One guy wanted me to have sex with him in front of
 > > his wife --- no way, I told him. Remember that line about
 > > "plausible deniability?" Right. And I got offered $10K to do
 > > something that I'd never even heard of before.  I thought Our
 > > Boys wouldn't approve, so I said no.
 > >
 > > Some guys want to fuck me and have, like, political discourse at
 > > the same time.  They're not paying for sex, they're paying for
 > > politics, right? And they have to prove it or something?  And
 > > then I was sitting on top of this man who wanted me to answer a
 > > lot of political questions for him, and every time I gave him my
 > > opinion he got more and more excited, until finally I said
 > > something about strategic tax breaks and he.well I won't say it
 > > here.  It's not nice.
 > >
 > > Oh yeah.  That reminds me.  They always have to use a condom.  A
 > > lot of them are so old they don't know about safer sex.  And then
 > > some of them really want to fool around in my dorm room because
 > > it reminds them of their own politically active college days.
 > > Like, meet a girl, talk heavy politics with her, then take her
 > > home and nail her?  It's sort of sweet of them, actually. But
 > > there would be too many witnesses.
 > >
 > > And no, I've never fallen for any of my contributors.  There was
 > > this one guy ---  a CEO from California who was in town for some
 > > reason --- who asked me to marry him.  I said, No deal---no
 > > matter how the election turns out.
 > >
 > > I had to go through midterms like this.  But luckily the
 > > fundraisers and whatnot are winding down, and honestly, I'm very
 > > tired.  Tired of putting on my best clothes all the time.  Tired
 > > of having them ask me if "Xanna" is my real or my "professional"
 > > name.  I'm not a professional!  I haven't made a cent off this!
 > > But Our Boys have pulled in nearly $100,000 since this summer.
 > > So every time I see a full-page newspaper ad for my causes or a
 > > really spiffy TV ad, I know that I've done my bit.
 > >
 > >
 > >
 >

@_date: 2000-11-02 09:55:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: ZKS, government regulation, and new "privacy" laws 
References: <4.3.0.20001031100154.01638920  <3.0.6.32.20001101093858.007e9420 <20001101181628.A25757
Adam, I believe you. I can't see ZKS supporting CALEA/RIP/etc
But ZKS appears to be all in favor of "data protection" legislation
(EU data directive, Canadian legislation) that regulates business'
privacy practices. This makes sense: It's apparently Austin's personal
view, and the more data collection regulations companies must abide
by, the more incentive they have to buy your product.
You've placed yourself in the unusual position of directly benefiting
from additional government regulations. I would expect that your
lobbyists will step up their efforts in ths area (one lawyer who does
work for you here in DC is a vocal supporter of such private-sector

@_date: 2000-11-02 10:24:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
References: <4.3.0.20001031100154.01638920 <20001101181628.A25757 One legitimate reason for chatting with LE is to educate them just a
little so they don't overreact when the 747-bomb-attack or the
sarin-gas-plans show up on Freedom. It also seems consistent with
ZKS's goal to be perceived as a good corporate citizen. Finally, it's
what I'd expect ZKS's financial backers would require. When you get
~$40 million in VC funds for cypherpunkly technologies, you get some
strings attached too.
It is a sad day when being a good corporate citizen means chatting
with LE on such friendly terms, but probably many companies do it;
this is not an area where I suspect ZKS is alone.

@_date: 2000-11-02 10:26:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
References: <3.0.6.32.20001101093858.007e9420 <20001101181628.A25757 <3.0.6.32.20001101193839.007ed9a0
BTW ZKS audiotaped my phone interview with Austin (they informed me
of such before it began).
If they tape conversations with journalists, they definitely should
tape conversations with Feds. :)

@_date: 2000-11-02 11:00:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
References:  In a 10/14 survey, Gore was leading California by 4 points:
I suspect with Nader's surge, this lead has narrowed.
For more detailed analysis:

@_date: 2000-11-02 16:12:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Nader 
References:   <20001102110055.A32074  <20001102093044.C14857 Nader lives in a Dupont Circle townhouse owned by his sister and
reportedly worth millions. (Given land prices in that area of DC, it
has to be worth at least $1 million.)
Ironically, Cisco has been targeted by the Feds for antitrust
violations. Somehow, Nader never got around to beating up on them
though he's happy to do it to nearly every other high tech firm.

@_date: 2000-11-03 21:46:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Ray Kurzweil talk at Foresight nanotech conference 
Kurzweil: Rooting for the Machine
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    1:35 p.m. Nov. 3, 2000 PST
    BETHESDA, Maryland -- Raymond Kurzweil doesn't merely predict that
    machine intelligence will surpass human brains by the end of the
    century. He's eagerly anticipating it.
    In a Kurzweillian future, the world would become a very strange place,
    where converging advances in nanotechnology, biotechnology and
    computer science combine to propel humanity to its next stage of
    evolution.
    "By the end of this century, I don't think there will be a clear
    distinction between human and machine," Kurzweil told the Foresight
    Institute's Eighth Conference on Molecular Nanotechnology on Friday.
    "We can expand the capacity of our brains by a factor of thousands or
    millions, and, by the end of the century, by trillions," predicts the
    inventor-turned-author of the Age of Intelligent Machines and the Age
    of Spiritual Machines.
    Technology, of course, has been part of human existence since our
    Cro-Magnon ancestors picked up a stone and realized it could be more
    than part of the landscape.
    But Kurzweil is talking about something a bit more ambitious. If he's
    right, exponential progress in science and engineering will allow us
    to merge with machines. We will become resistant to diseases, think
    faster, live better, and become transhuman in ways that would make
    even Superman green with envy.
    If he's wrong, well, then we'll continue to have buggy software,
    faulty memories, and lifespans that fall far short of the lowly
    leopard tortoise.
    [...]

@_date: 2000-11-04 11:24:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: The Market for Privacy 
References: <01bfad76b9a499d7f55a43586ec6f3e3 And anonymous ways to pay for it/obtain it online...

@_date: 2000-11-04 11:41:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
References: <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A353055547C9 <00110319460300.00269
It's been a long time since my computer science classes. But I'll give
it a shot.
The general name for this topic is complexity theory, the study of
how inherently difficult certain classes of problems are to solve.
Perhaps a not unreasonable summary would be problems in the class "P"
can be solved in deterministic polynomial time. Some of these would
include problems like simple sorting of strings that your OS does
whenever it displays files in a directory.
"NP" problems, on the other hand, are those that can be solved in
nondeterministic polynomial time (think only by guessing). NP
includes P.
Of relevance to our discussion is that factoring is a NP problem.
Much of modern cryptography relies on factoring being a "hard" problem.
If it is not, things will get interesting quickly. :)
Arnold Reinhold has another view here, saying P=NP is not relevant
to crypto:
(PS: don't use the toad.com address)

@_date: 2000-11-05 12:55:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: FW: BLOCK: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
References:  <200011051211.HAA19955
Well, let's take this up one level of abstraction. We can stop spam
from flooding our inboxes (an economic bad) by:
1. law
2. AUPs with backbone providers/hosting services (industry self-regulation)
3. cypherpunkly end-user technology
I oppose the first. I think the second is what the market is moving
toward, in much the same way businesses won't let customers conduct
DoS attacks from their networks.
If spammers want to start their own backbone provider, they are free
to do so. Nobody may route their packets, but that is a choice made by
free people living in a free society. In order to make it economically
attractive for AT&T to route their traffic, SpamBackbone may have to
write a check. Or perhaps SpamBackbone (more likely) will cut a deal
with AOL and MSN and spam their customers a certain numver of times,
for a fee. This fee would presumably contribute toward keeping some
AOL and Hotmail accounts "free" to users, or available at a lower cost
than would be otherwise, with the concomitant price of spam.
Preto! We've converted spam into advertising.
The third option is perhaps the best, because it's more granular. It's
certainly more cypherpunkly. But I think the second is consistent with
anarcho-capitalist principles as well.

@_date: 2000-11-05 17:45:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
References: <20001105131655.A5590 It would be part of the terms of service, aka the contract. It doesn't
"violate the spirit of the 1st" (except for leftists) any more than a
contract clause that says "thou shalt not launch DDoS attacks."
If anything, by allowing private rules to flourish, it would expand
the "spirit of the 1st."
Finally, if you don't want your "speech controlled," take your
business to a place that allows spammers. Similarly, if you want to
publish racist or left-wing agitprop, I am under no obligation to
allow you to use my printing press; take your business elsewhere.

@_date: 2000-11-06 00:06:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Here's an interesting twist on gun control ... 
References: This is a somewhat interesting question. Presumably just as the right
to speak freely includes the right to keep one's silence, the right to
bear arms includes the right to remain weaponless (modulo conscription).
The 2A arguably goes further than the 1A; the first is a literal
prohibition on what Congress may do (at least in those pre-14th days),
while the second says the right "shall not be infringed." So if we
agree the right exists, by a strict originalist reading of the
Constitution, it's reasonable that it would be unconstitutional for
any government to require such.

@_date: 2000-11-06 09:46:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: FW: BLOCK: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
References:  <007501c047a8$11e25fa0$a6d11018
Then, depending on your personal preferences and how valuable you
think you are to prospective emailers, accept only email messages with
$0.10, or $1.00, or $10.00...
It's a market; you do the math.

@_date: 2000-11-06 09:55:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Wired News Senate scorecard: Democrats beat Republicans 
Just in time for Tuesday's election, Wired News has compiled a tech scorecard for the U.S. Senate.
The list sorted by last name:
   Sorted by score:
   Info on House of Representatives scorecard from last month:
   Some interesting results: Democrats did well, nabbing the four top slots, and beating the Republicans 52 percent to 48 percent overall. But Joseph Lieberman, the Democratic VP hopeful, finished with just 38 percent, in the fifth-worst position.
Democrat Patrick Moyhihan did the best out of everyone, surprisingly. That was probably because he missed three votes -- on at least one he would probably have gone the wrong way -- but we scored on percentage of cast votes, not possible votes.
     A vote to allow the use of electronic signatures. (Yes is 1)
     A vote for a juvenile crime bill that included Internet regulation
    (No is 1)
     A vote for additional H-1B visas. (Yes is 1)
     A vote to require federal candidates to disclose contributions
    online within 24 hours. (Yes is 1)
     A vote to require Internet providers to offer filtering software.
    (No is 1)
     A vote to establish permanent trade relations with China. (Yes is
    1)
     A vote to oppose special restrictions on online sales of firearms.
    (Yes is 1)
     A vote to create an information-technology-training tax credit.
    (Yes is 1)
     A vote to restrict online sales of alcohol. (No is 1)
     A vote to single out purportedly offensive content online and
    offline and create a commission to study it. (No is 1)

@_date: 2000-11-06 17:40:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell's House Being Searched 
References: The election is nigh, but I would still be interested in writing about
Jim Bell's apparent latest legal trouble if it escalates. (That is, if
it's related to his previous arrests, and I suspect it is.)
If Bell is unable to post, you or any other cpunk can reach me at 202
986 3455 or this email address. My PGP key is on the servers, and I
accept anonymous mail.

@_date: 2000-11-06 19:41:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Jim Bell's House Being Searched 
References:  I think it's a bit premature to assume that the stated reason for
the raid/search was Bell's posts and whois lookups.
Remember, the *stated reason* last time around had nothing to do with AP.

@_date: 2000-11-06 23:25:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Jim Bell's House Being Searched 
References: <20001106194138.A22344 No, that was the second raid, before he was on parole.
The first one (check time.com archives) was for SSN violations or somesuch.

@_date: 2000-11-07 00:17:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Jim Bell's House Being Searched 
References:  Special Agent Phillip G. Scott
IRS Special Agent Jeff Gordon

@_date: 2000-11-08 04:05:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Al Gore is only 630 votes away from winning the election 
With 99.9 percent of the votes in Florida counted, Al Gore is only 630 votes away from winning the presidency. The Florida Department of State reports -- in numbers updated in the last five minutes -- that George W. Bush won 2,898,865 votes with Gore scoring 2,898,235.
You can see the stats for yourself at:
If Bush does not win Florida he cannot win the presidency, based on the numbers calculated by CNN and the networks. Oregon and Wisconsin, the two states still labeled as tossups, have a combined total of 18 votes, not enough to propel Bush to the necessary 270 electoral votes without Florida.
A win in Florida would guarantee Gore a victory.
Third parties in Florida made a difference. Libertarian Harry Browne won 15,609 votes, and the Green Party's Ralph Nader received 94,201 votes in the state. Nader occasionally claims that he lures voters who would not otherwise go to the polls. But if even one percent of Nader's voters had turned to Gore -- a certainty -- the presidential election would have turned out differently.
With only a 630 vote difference out of some 6 million votes cast in Florida, a recount could go a different way. As I write this, Gore has made a concession call to Bush, but I'd imagine the Dems would want a recount. That's what Gore's supporters are chanting in Tennessee, anyway.

@_date: 2000-11-08 13:40:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: How the Net gave the right Florida count 
My article you received late last night:
"Al Gore is only 630 votes away from winning the election"
Seems to have been the first article anywhere (3:35 am) to report that Bush's lead in Florida had dwindled to the hundreds, although CBS at approximately the same time had mentioned those numbers on the air. The politech article also appears to be the first to predict a recount.
According to a wire service search, Dow Jones Newswire moved a similar article three minutes after the politech message (3:38 am), though it did not mention a recount:
"WASHINGTON (Dow Jones)--Vice President Al Gore now trails Texas Governor George W. Bush by only 629 votes in Florida, throwing the U.S. election results into question, CBS News reported early Wednesday."
AP had moved an advisory about 20 minutes before (3:11 am) saying that Bush's lead was in the thousands: "The lead in Florida for George W. Bush has dwindled to about 6,000 in the vote count." Dow Jones, in an article distributed at the same time (3:08 am), called the election even with those thousands of votes outstanding: "In an election that ultimately came down to a few thousand votes in Florida, Texas Governor George W. Bush has won the race for the presidency holding off a strong challenge from Vice President Al Gore."
The networks, of course, had called the election for Bush at 2:17 am, after incorrectly saying earlier in the evening that Florida would go to Gore.
Part of this mess comes from how mainstream media sources relied on Voter News Service for their results. For instance, CNN reported at 3:45 am that the Florida results were 2,890,321 (Bush) and 2,884,261 (Gore). That spread was still about 6,000 votes.
For my politech article, I used the Net to go directly to the Florida secretary of state's website. The numbers there were about 20 minutes newer than CNN had at the same time. To their credit, CBS News apparently switched to those same numbers, although their hasty calculation of a 629 vote difference was incorrect.

@_date: 2000-11-08 17:18:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: More blather from the DEMS on FL 
References: <200011081535.KAA20644
Supervisor of Elections Theresa LePore, a Democrat, insisted any
confusion was unintentional and defended the layout of the cluttered
ballots as necessary to get all the presidential candidates on facing
pages while making the type large enough for voters to read.
"I was trying to make the print bigger so elderly people in Palm Beach
County can read it," said LePore.
She also said if it was so confusing, someone should have pointed it
out to her earlier. "We sent out sample ballots to all registered
voters, and no one said a word," she said.

@_date: 2000-11-09 10:38:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011090351.WAA14142
I haven't found such a requirement in Florida law. See below.
 In counties where paper ballots are used, each elector shall be given a ballot by the inspector. Before delivering the ballot to the elector, one of the inspectors shall write his or her initials or name on the stub attached to the ballot; then the elector shall, without leaving the polling place, retire alone to a booth or compartment provided, and place an "X" mark after the name of the candidate of his or her choice for each office to be filled, and likewise mark an "X" after the answer he or she desires in case of a constitutional amendment or other question submitted to a vote. 101.191  Form of general election ballot.-- (1)  The general election ballot shall be in substantially the following form: OFFICIAL BALLOT GENERAL ELECTION
No. _____ _____ COUNTY, FLORIDA Precinct No. _____
 (Date) (Signature of Voter) (Initials of Issuing Official)
Stub No. 1
OFFICIAL BALLOT GENERAL ELECTION
No. _____ _____ COUNTY, FLORIDA Precinct No. _____
 (Date) (Initials of Issuing Official)
Stub No. 2
OFFICIAL BALLOT GENERAL ELECTION
_____COUNTY, FLORIDA
Precinct No. _____
 (Date) TO VOTE for a candidate whose name is printed on the ballot, mark a cross (X) in the blank space at the RIGHT of the name of the candidate for whom you desire to vote. To vote for a candidate whose name is not printed on the ballot, write the candidate's name in the blank space provided for that purpose. For President
Vice President
(A vote for the candidates will actually be a vote for their electors) Vote for group (Name of Candidate) For President                [ ] (Name of Candidate) For Vice President (Name of Candidate) For President                [ ] (Name of Candidate) For Vice President (NAME OF MINOR PARTY)
(Name of Candidate) For President                [ ] (Name of Candidate) For Vice President NO PARTY AFFILIATION
(Name of Candidate) For President                [ ] (Name of Candidate) For Vice President For President For Vice President UNITED STATES SENATOR Vote for One (Name of Candidate) (Party abbreviation)  [ ] (Name of Candidate) (Party abbreviation)  [ ] (And thence other offices under this heading, followed by the headings and offices as prescribed in s. 101.151.) PROPOSED CONSTITUTIONAL
AMENDMENTS OR OTHER PUBLIC MEASURES
To vote on a constitutional amendment or other public measure, mark a cross (X) in the blank space next to either YES or NO. No. _____
ARTICLE _____, SECTION _____
(Here the wording of the substance of the amendment shall be inserted.) YES for Approval       [ ] NO for Rejection       [ ] (2)  The general election ballot shall be arranged and printed so that the offices of President and Vice President are joined in a single voting space to allow each elector to cast a single vote for the joint candidacies for President and Vice President and so that the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor are joined in a single voting space to allow each elector to cast a single vote for the joint candidacies for Governor and Lieutenant Governor.

@_date: 2000-11-09 10:40:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011090351.WAA14142
(As a followup, I should say I see "RIGHT" in the sample ballot, but that is
not a requirement, but a suggestion, and I'd argue the ballots that
were used probably have substantially the same form.)

@_date: 2000-11-09 10:42:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <090825D1E60BD311B8390090276D5C4965DCFE It would be simpler, and probably fairer (in a general sense) to discard
those ballots that are suspect. Elections such as this should not be
Take it down to its most general form. Gore and Bush are tied. My
ballot was mangled during processing and is unreadable; I successfully
sue for a rerun of the election, just for my ballot alone.  Is this a
good thing?

@_date: 2000-11-09 13:21:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011090351.WAA14142  <3.0.5.32.20001109072144.00955b10
This has been suggested; check out salon.com. --Declan

@_date: 2000-11-09 13:44:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011091642.LAA28498
Amusing. But that's a suggested ballot, and not one that's legally
required. Which was my point.
At the very least, the law is not as clear as the Dems want to claim.

@_date: 2000-11-09 18:57:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <20001109104244.C24119 Socialist? Hmm. I guess I'm not just a voting-fetishist. :)

@_date: 2000-11-09 19:02:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011092224.RAA16615
Warren Christopher, the arbiter of truth? Right...

@_date: 2000-11-09 19:05:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011092258.RAA18152
Huh? Tim has been posting such articles for years. You weren't around
for the Y2K discussions.

@_date: 2000-11-09 19:17:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Reporting weirdness: Hagelin vs. Browne 
References:  Yes, and no. We profiled him at Wired; I mentioned him in about seven
articles. LA Times did a front-page story. Etc. A better question
might be was his coverage (what there was) fair or biased?

@_date: 2000-11-09 20:49:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <0011090530540C.02765 Jim clearly needs some remedial education in the U.S. Constitution,
particularly the 12th Amendment.

@_date: 2000-11-09 20:52:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Bush campaign responds to Florida county controversy 
References: <200011100005.TAA03440 Right. See below.
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: Ari Fleischer, Mindy

@_date: 2000-11-09 20:55:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Democrats are arguing for "statistical sampling voting" 
References: I suggest that we find one county for each state that we believe to be
representative, let them vote, and then extrapolate from their results
and assign electors accordingly.
Or perhaps one household per state. I volunteer Tim and his cats to to
represent California. I know the way Nietzsche would vote, at least.

@_date: 2000-11-09 23:17:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
References: <090825D1E60BD311B8390090276D5C4965DD02
Well, if it is an unconstitutional election-appointment combination,
then technicalities *do* count, if only to keep some respect for that
tattered document alive.
I don't care much about that election, and it is big of Ashcroft to
step aside, but the law turns on what you dismiss as mere

@_date: 2000-11-10 09:51:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
References: <090825D1E60BD311B8390090276D5C4965DD0B
No, your original point was muddled. It's not clear that every voter
who chose the dead guy knew that his widow would take the slot. Since
the election is so close, that matters.
If you want to make sure the voters are getting what they want, put
the non-dead-guy's name on the ballot.

@_date: 2000-11-10 13:00:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
As a working journalist writing about politics, I get lots of feedback from voters. Many are, sadly, clueless.
But it is a stretch to assert, as you blithely do, that every voter knew that the guy was dead. My own experience shows otherwise.

@_date: 2000-11-10 16:29:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Announcing PerpetualElection.com, political news/discussion 
PerpetualElection.com Launches News and Discussion Site
Press Release
NOVEMBER 10, 2000 -- PerpetualElection.com, the only website devoted exclusively to news about the first perpetual presidential election in U.S. history, launched on Friday.
The site, operated by activists and journalists, is designed to provide an information and discussion area for Americans who want to follow the recent events in the Sunshine State.
For example: Will Al Gore litigate? Did George W. Bush truly win? Why would over 3,000 people vote for Pat Buchanan anyway? Could the House of Representatives pick the next president? At PerpetualElection.com, we'll chart the story's development with the help of our readers.
Unlike many other sites, PerpetualElection.com has liberals, conservatives, greens, and libertarians as editors. All have equal ability to post news and start discussions, and there is no single editorial point of view.
Some of our editors, in alphabetical order:
  * Sonia Arrison of the Pacific Research Institute in San Francisco
  * Kathleen Ellis, a Baltimore system administrator and journalist
  * Declan McCullagh, Washington correspondent for Wired News
  * Jill Pelavin, a programmer living in Mountain View, California
PerpetualElection.com is an open source project: It runs on a Red Hat Linux server and uses mySQL as a database. The Slash engine, made popular by Slashdot.org, is used for discussions and articles.
For more information, contact:
   feedback at perpetualelection.com
   (202) 986 3455 Voice
   (413) 845-5444 Fax
Or visit:

@_date: 2000-11-11 04:30:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Jim Bell [Was: Re: Where indeed is John Young?] 
References: <3.0.3.32.20001109210235.009e2408 <024001c04ace$fa6c64e0$0100a8c0
That's not an unreasonable suspicion. A better source of Bellinfo might be,
however, this: My suspicion -- it's too late in the evening for me to research thing

@_date: 2000-11-11 12:52:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Wired article on Jim Bell, links to search warrant and photo 
IRS Raids Cypherpunk's House
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Nov. 11, 2000 PST
    WASHINGTON -- When a dozen armed federal agents invaded Jim Bell's
    home this week, he wasn't exactly surprised.
    Ever since Bell, a cypherpunk whom the U.S. government has dubbed a
    techno-terrorist, was released from prison in April, he's predicted
    another confrontation with the Feds.
    "They're basically trying to harass me," Bell said in a telephone
    interview. He has not been arrested or charged with a crime.
    In 1996, Bell attracted the unwelcome attention of the IRS and the
    U.S. Secret Service after they learned he was talking up a plan to
    promote the assassination of miscreant bureaucrats through an unholy
    mix of encryption, anonymity and digital cash. Bell even gave his
    scheme a catchy title: "Assassination Politics."
    Four years, three arrests and one plea-bargain later, Bell was
    released from the medium-security federal penitentiary in Phoenix,
    Arizona. Since then, he's been busy trying to prove allegations of
    illegal surveillance on the part of the Feds, including his charge
    that they unlawfully bugged his home.
    For Bell, that meant spending the last six months compiling personal
    information about IRS and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms
    agents, a move that appears to have led to the six-hour search of his
    home in Vancouver, Washington.
    Government offices were closed on Friday, and representatives were
    unavailable for comment. But the agents' search warrant cites
    "evidence of violations" of a federal law that prohibits intimidation
    of IRS agents.
    [...]
I've included links to the original documents in this article:
    Feds Raid Cypherpunk Jim Bell
    posted by declan on Saturday November 11,     from the now-who-saw-this-coming? dept.
    Crypto-convict Jim Bell, best known for popularizing the idea
    of offing Feds through anonymity, encryption, and digital cash,
    was raided this week by the IRS and BATF. He has not been arrested and
    is irate, vengeful, and computer-less, but otherwise fine. This
    happened just half a year after he was released from prison. We've
    placed JPGs online of the search warrant, vehicle search warrant,
    justification, and list of items taken. Note the justification
    includes items related to his "Assassination Politics" scheme. We also
    offer some background and a surprisingly flattering color slide photo
    I took of Bell.

@_date: 2000-11-11 14:15:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Paper re privacy law, wiretaps 
References: <20001110115249.B19595
Also see:
On this topic.

@_date: 2000-11-11 14:20:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Looking for statistically-unlikely surges in absentee ballots 
References: Here's a link to the Florida law on absentee ballots:
(1) The supervisor of elections shall safely keep in his or her office
any envelopes received containing marked ballots of absent electors,
and he or she shall, before the canvassing of the election returns,
deliver the envelopes to the county canvassing board along with his or
her file or list kept regarding said ballots.
(2) All marked absent electors' ballots to be counted must be received
by the supervisor by 7 p.m. the day of the election. All ballots
received thereafter shall be marked with the time and date of receipt
and filed in the supervisor's office.
I must be missing something. Sure looks like the deadline was Tuesday,
with perhaps an exemption for overseas ballots elsewhere in the law?

@_date: 2000-11-11 14:31:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Declan on Bell 
References: <200011111740.LAA48366
I invite folks to read the full article at:
I'm not taking a position on Bell's case. I do need to tell my readers
why was locked up earlier, and that seemed a reasonable way to do it.
Bell was not coerced into taking the plea agreement; if anything, he
seems to have more mental resources to fight the system than other
defendants I have interviewed.

@_date: 2000-11-11 14:42:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Response to false statements about Zero-Knowledge 
References: Thanks for your note. I respect what you're trying to do at ZKS. I think that if ZKS succeeds, the world will be a better place. Further, I have a tremendous deal of respect for some of the very excellent people you have But wishing something to be true does not make it so. My statement about ZKS' sluggish Freedom sales is based on extensive conversations over the last year with folks in this industry, web searches to see how many ZKS nyms appear to be in use, ancedotal information, and conversations with other ZKS employees.
As Greg says below, I was writing an article with less-than-perfectly-complete information, but information that I have and had every reason to believe is accurate. You did nothing to refute that belief, and saying "[we are] pleased with our results for Freedom" is an analytically and semantically null statement. The Subject: line of your message complains about "false statements," but you offer nothing by way of identification and refutation.
As you say, you did send a note to my Wired editor demanding a retraction. You received a response yesterday saying that Wired identified no errors of fact in my article and you were welcome to submit a letter to the editor. I hope you will, and I wish you luck at ZKS.

@_date: 2000-11-11 14:43:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Greetins from ZOG-occupied Palestine 
References: <200011110211.SAA13037 <3.0.5.32.20001111011912.00adb770 As much as I'd appreciate, purely from the perspective of continued
amusement, this perpetual election to continue, I suspect it won't.
At least some Dems are publicly telling Al to back down:
If Al's stated litigiousness becomes perceived as a liability, we
might see a kind of trip from Capitol Hill to the Naval Observatory to
tell Al enough is enough. The irony is that one of the senators most
tempermentally likely to do so is, of course, the Dem VP candidate.

@_date: 2000-11-11 15:06:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Looking for statistically-unlikely surges in absentee 
References: <20001111142031.D26381
 <20001111142031.D26381
Not this time. Some additional research says that the federal "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Voting Act" requires states to take special procedures for voters who are in the military overseas or:
Tourists abroad during that time need not apply.
Further, state law anticipates this:
As soon as the remainder of the absentee ballots are printed, the supervisor shall provide an absentee ballot to each elector by whom a request for that ballot has been made by one of the following means:... By forwardable mail to voters who are entitled to vote by absentee ballot under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Voting Act.

@_date: 2000-11-11 16:12:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
References: <200011092258.RAA18152 <200011092258.RAA18152 <20001109190556.C30018 <3.0.5.32.20001109223931.009bf460
Besides, George seems to have an unusual fixation on Vulis...

@_date: 2000-11-11 16:20:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Declan on Bell 
References: <200011111740.LAA48366 <200011111954.NAA49472
Eric, I'm not sure, and I don't feel like wasting my Saturday
afternoon doing research with little benefit. If you'd actually like
to find out the answer instead of wrangling here, you might want to
look at the documents that are online.
Or ask Jim yourself.

@_date: 2000-11-13 17:53:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
References:   <004201c04b6f$9c517110$0442a296 <3A10360A.6C87DE38 Righto. Absentee ballots require a witness, usually an officer (if
you're in the military) or a notary-type, to reduct in par tthe
intimidation problem.

@_date: 2000-11-13 23:27:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
References:   <004201c04b6f$9c517110$0442a296 <3A10360A.6C87DE38  <20001113175319.A24189  Yes. Except the military absentee ballot category, under federal law,
include U.S. citizens living abroad permanent-wise. I posted the
language over the weekend.
Here it is again:
(5) "overseas voter" means --
(A) an absent uniformed services voter who, by reason of active duty
or service is absent from the United States on the date of the
election involved;
(B) a person who resides outside the United States and is qualified to
vote in the last place in which the person was domiciled before
leaving the United States; or
(C) a person who resides outside the United States and (but for such
residence) would be qualified to vote in the last place in which the
person was domiciled before leaving the United States.

@_date: 2000-11-13 23:31:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
References:   <004201c04b6f$9c517110$0442a296 <3A10360A.6C87DE38  <20001113175319.A24189 Ah, I was talking about Florida law. To wit:
a.  One witness, who is a registered voter in the state, must affix
his or her signature, printed name, address, voter identification
number, and county of registration on the voter's certificate. Each
witness is limited to witnessing five ballots per election unless
certified as an absentee ballot coordinator. A candidate may not serve
as an attesting witness.
b.  Any notary or other officer entitled to administer oaths or any
Florida supervisor of elections or deputy supervisor of elections,
other than a candidate, may serve as an attesting witness.

@_date: 2000-11-13 23:34:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Bell's warrant return inventory 
References:  Or store a backup offsite. He complained to me when I interviewed him
for my article that he now has something like six computers seized by
the Feds so far, going back to 1997. That, he said, sets his
investigation into their nefarious misdeeds back six months or so.
I'm not in a position to offer him advice, and even if I did want to,
it's rather late in the process. It sure seems to me, however, that
with all the free hosting services (Geocities, Tripod) around, it
would be trivial to FTP them somewhere at little or no cost.

@_date: 2000-11-14 12:36:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
References:  <20001113175319.A24189 <3.0.6.32.20001114081147.0082b550
David, see my other post citing Florida law, which is what I was talking
about earlier in the thread.

@_date: 2000-11-14 23:11:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
References:  <200011142048.OAA07925
It would also lead to interesting denial of service attacks. One could
imagine amusing scenarios, like splotching someone's finger with dye
when you intentionally bump up against them in a crowd. :)

@_date: 2000-11-14 23:14:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
References:  <555fe47eb062b8bead7f99a2b683a0b7
Yes and no. If the Dems stop trying to prolong this, we could have a
resolution tomorrow (or Saturday). True, it might tarnish a
presidency, but all it takes is one crisis, manufactured or not, to
rally the country behind the leader.
Also, the day-to-day business of running the government (The Commerce
Department today announced a comprehensive new study of blah...) will
happen no matter how controversial the election process is.

@_date: 2000-11-15 12:30:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida Electorial defection threat! 
References: <200011150912.EAA11756
The story is cited on perpetualelection.com. --Declan

@_date: 2000-11-15 12:37:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida Electoral defection threat! 
References: No, if Bush won Florida but not Utah, he'd have
246+25=271, not 270 e.v. If one elector defected, Bush would win, if two electors defected,
Bush would win (in House), if three electors defected, Gore would win.

@_date: 2000-11-15 12:48:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Florida Electoral defection threat! 
Whoops. You're right: I meant to type "Oregon." If it went to the House, it would be a ~25-19 vote for Bush, per my Wired article on Sat. --Declan

@_date: 2000-11-16 00:51:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA proctologists 
References:  Speaking of which, check out Brookings' very nice "survivor's guide"
on surviving the executive branch appointment/confirmation process.
Background on security investigations a bonus.

@_date: 2000-11-16 01:12:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, November 15, 2000) 
References: <4.2.2.20001115165119.00ce3bb0 Bruce's article is well-written, but it covers ground already
well-trodden by others. Moreover, most, if not all, of his points
apply to data-scrambling encryption applications on the same computer.
Still, maybe it'll raise the visibility of this problem.

@_date: 2000-11-16 01:35:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dealing with the Washington media -- survivors speak out 
[I first moved to Washington in 1991, and I've been living here off
and on ever since. (Yes, this is sad.) Here's one view of what it's
like to deal with the Washington media, with perspectives from those
who have had run-ins with us before. It's from a very nice "Survivor's
Guide for Presidential Nominees" just out from the Brookings
Institution. --Declan]
   A Survivor's Guide for
   Presidential  Nominees     Dealing with the Media
    "The first rule of survival in Washington is never do or say anything
     that you dont want to read about on the front page of The Washington
                                                                   Post."
   If youve always hankered for closer attention from the news media,
   youve come to the right town. Washington is crawling with reporters
   nearly 5,000 are accredited by the House and Senate press and
   broadcast galleries and hardly a nook or cranny of the government goes
   unexplored by some branch of the media, from the national newspapers
   and networks to pricey newsletters and trade publications that are the
   bibles of their industries. Washington is a fish bowl, and if you want
   to make a name for yourself, this is the place to do it.
   But it may not be quite the name you had in mind. The Washington media
   are known more for the reputations they tear down than the ones they
   build up.
   Many prospective nominees have dealt with reporters before in state
   houses, the business world, the military or on Capitol Hill itself,
   where legions of assistants make a living trying to figure out how to
   get or keep their bosses in the spotlight. But now youre in a
   different situation. Be forewarned: No matter how much or how little
   you dealt with the media before coming to Washington, its usually a
   surprise when you stand in the batters box here for the first time to
   discover how fast they throw and how much those sliders break.
   For that reason, keep in mind three basic pieces of advice. First, be
   very careful what you say to reporters while yours is just one of
   several names the White House is considering. Second, dont say
   anything at all to the press, on the record or off, while the Senate
   is considering your nomination. And third, never lie to the media it
   will come back to haunt you.
   In this chapter, well look at the role that journalists play in the
   nations capital and its political process. Then well get practical
   advice from those who have gone through the nomination and
   confirmation process, as well as from those in the media who have
   watched and covered hundreds of important nominations.
   The Capital of the News World    The capital of the country is also the capital of the news world. New
   York can still lay claim to being the headquarters of the three
   original television networks, two news magazines, the major news
   service and two of the nations finest newspapers (The New York Times
   and The Wall Street Journal), but the news organizations Washington
   bureaus are the crown jewels of their news operations.
   Two nationally recognized papers, The Washington Post and USA Today,
   are produced inside the Beltway. CNNs home may be in Atlanta, but much
   of its hard news originates from its bureau next to Washingtons Union
   Station. National Public Radio has its studios and nerve center here,
   and the Public Broadcasting System is across the river in Alexandria,
   Va.
   Reporters who ply their craft in Washington may be no more talented
   than their colleagues in state capitals and other major cities, but
   they have a singular advantage: More news happens here than in any
   other single city on the planet and the local scribes get to cover it.
   They get to see the world with the president from Air Force One and
   trudge through the snows of New Hampshire with the candidates. When
   they hold a banquet to salute (or laugh at) themselves, the guest of
   honor is not the mayor or the governor, but the president of the
   United States. Love them or loathe them, they are the publics eyes and
   ears. Your deeds and reputation in office will pass through the medias
   filters before they become known to the public at large.
   As frustrating as the media can be, Washington insiders keep close
   tabs on the news. Many officials read several major newspapers
   religiously, making sure to check the Federal Page in The Washington
   Post and the Inside the Beltway column in The Washington Times, among
   other regular features. If you want to prepare for a rigorous
   questioning, watch journalists pepper a White House official on one of
   the weekend talk shows.
   The latest scandals
   In recent years, the line between the tabloids and the mainstream
   press has blurred as news organizations rush to mine the latest
   political sex scandals, from John F. Kennedys Hollywood conquests to
   Gary Harts escapades on a yacht to Bill Clintons trysts with an eager
   intern. What once was fodder only for the Drudge Report is front-page
   news in the broadsheets especially since Matt Drudges most sensational
   morsels proved largely on target. The airwaves and Internet are
   saturated with news, but readership and viewership are flagging.
   Reporters can live without respect they almost relish being regarded
   as a royal pain but losing credibility and audience pains them deeply.
   Reporters take themselves seriously too seriously for some of their
   subjects taste. The quicker a newspaper or news broadcast is to expose
   a public servants failings and foibles, the thinner its own hide.
   Newspapers have gotten better in recent years about publishing
   corrections, but they are still quicker to confess error about dates
   or the spelling of names or identities in a picture than to own up to
   getting the whole thing wrong or lopsided. Reporters and editors also
   pride themselves on breaking news, even if their scoop remains
   exclusive only for hours or even minutes. A newspaper may devote 10
   inches of space to an appointment if it is given the details
   exclusively, or pries them loose, one day in advance. Announce the
   appointment at the same time for all the media to see, and it may not
   rate so much as a paragraph.
   Many public officials today would subscribe to the sentiments that a
   character in a Tom Stoppard play expressed: "Im with you on the free
   press. Its the newspapers I cant stand." Reporters respond with their
   highest authority on these matters: Thomas Jefferson. The author of
   the Declaration of Independence observed in a 1787 letter:
     The basis of our government being the opinion of the people, the
     very first object should be to keep that right; and were it left to
     me to decide whether we should have a government without
     newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not
     hesitate a moment to prefer the latter. But I should mean that
     every man should receive those papers and be capable of reading
     them.
   The papers of Jeffersons day boiled with shamelessly partisan
   rhetoric, barb and propaganda and were hardly deserving "of such high
   praise as agencies of public enlightenment," as Jefferson biographer
   Dumas Malone put it. But Jeffersons point stands: The press has an
   important role to play in a democracy. And when news erupts, those
   obstreperous reporters camped outside your office and sometimes on
   your lawn wont let you forget it.
   Although the press plays a critical role in our democracy, even some
   reporters admit misgivings about their techniques. Janet Malcolm, the
   author and contributor to The New Yorker, offered this ominous warning
   to the unwary in her 1990 book, The Journalist and the Murderer:
   "Every journalist who is not too stupid or full of himself to notice
   what is going on knows that what he does is morally indefensible. He
   is a kind of confidence man, preying on peoples vanity, ignorance or
   loneliness, gaining their trust and betraying them without remorse."
   That may be a gross exaggeration, but it has a kernel of truth.
   Journalists do want to gain your confidence and its not because they
   want to be your friends.
   "Reporters are professionals whose loyalty is to their media outlets
   or their profession, not to you," says Wayne Pines, former spokesman
   for the Food and Drug Administration and now a public relations
   counselor with APCO Associates. "Knowing them personally means you may
   get the benefit of the doubt in a difficult situation, and you may
   also get to go on background and influence a story anonymously but
   only after you have established a trusting relationship. In
   Washington, never lie to the media, dont mislead them, dont get angry
   with them and dont underestimate their influence. They will influence
   what most of the world, including your own employees, think of you."
   Get it first and right
   From the journalists perspective, there is one cardinal rule: Get it
   first, but first get it right. Early in the Clinton administration,
   Tim Russert of NBCs "Meet the Press" jumped on the air in advance of a
   presidential news conference to announce the name of the presidents
   new puppy. Unfortunately, his sources had led him astray and he got it
   wrong.
   Why risk being wrong on the name of a dog, much less the name of a
   nominee? Journalists generally wont take that risk unless they are
   certain of the story. They always want to show up the competition.
   Keep in mind that, even if the new administration is trying to keep
   the names of potential nominees under wraps, reporters by nature are
   extremely competitive and very clever. When Thurgood Marshall retired
   from the Supreme Court, reporters quickly found out who was on George
   Bushs short list. The White House managed to spirit Clarence Thomas up
   to Walkers Point, the presidents summer compound in Kennebunkport,
   Maine, for the July 1, 1991, announcement without anyones spotting the
   future justice or breaking the news of his selection. But Associated
   Press reporter Rita Beamish found out ahead of time who it wasnt. She
   called the other candidates at home where they were sitting by the
   phone awaiting a call from the White House and correctly deduced that
   "those who were still home with no flight plans were not the chosen
   ones." Barbara Bush, in her memoir, tipped her hat to Beamish for this
   "great ingenuity."
   Reporters have a knack for unearthing conflict, even within
   organizations that are paragons of harmony. The many things on which
   you and a Cabinet secretary or the president see eye-to-eye may be of
   little or no interest, but where you disagree is news. Reporters will
   mine the new administration for evidence of disputes between a
   president and the Cabinet, between the Cabinet and the Office of
   Management and Budget and, naturally, between the administration and
   Congress. Sources in Congress generally the most accessible and
   open-mouthed branch of the government often are eager to help
   reporters root around. Interest groups with ties deep into the
   bureaucracy will throw logs onto the fire as well.
   Puncturing a new enterprise
   When reporters are covering a new enterprise, including the start of
   an administration, they are like small children playing with balloons
   at a birthday party. Its great fun to fill them up with air, but even
   greater fun to puncture them. If you are new to Washington and public
   life, expect such treatment. Reporters will write introductory
   accounts that extol your talents and recite your exploits in ways so
   flattering that no one save your mother could possibly believe them.
   And later, if something goes wrong on your watch, you quickly may find
   yourself the almost unrecognizable villain of a piece written by the
   same hand that produced your hagiography. Lani Guinier, President
   Clintons unsuccessful nominee for civil rights enforcer in 1993,
   lamented afterward to National Public Radio, "Even my own mother
   couldnt recognize me in the press coverage that I received."
   The media are avid for news. Whether by friendly takeover (as when
   George Bush succeeded Ronald Reagan in 1989) or a hostile one (as when
   Bill Clinton ousted Bush in 1993), a change of administrations affords
   an ample supply of headlines for news-hungry reporters and editors.
   Newspapers will run stories by the score on who will get what post,
   devoting yards of space to programs and positions that wont rate a
   mention in the years that follow. The political masterminds of the
   victorious campaign, flush with success, will keep the press corps
   spinning with announcements and trial balloons, even as the new
   presidents team works frantically behind closed doors to get at least
   some of its act together by noon on Jan. 20. They will trade in names
   perhaps your name among them because journalists are hungry for
   scoops, and these are "secrets" that cost little to give away.
   Sometimes that is all you will actually get: your name mentioned on
   the insiders short list, a consolation prize if you are denied the
   actual nomination. The erstwhile campaigners may also run your name up
   the pole to see who salutes or shoots.
   Unless an administration comes in on the run as Ronald Reagan and his
   team did in 1981 the press soon will turn its attention to the
   disarray and vacancies throughout the government, as was conspicuously
   the case in 1993 for Bill Clinton and the gang from the war room in
   Little Rock. As political scientist James Pfiffner of George Mason
   University recounted in a 1996 update to his book, The Strategic
   Presidency, it took Clinton 8.5 months on average to get his executive
   branch appointees confirmed after the inauguration. That was six
   months longer than Kennedy, and probably "the slowest in history,"
   Pfiffner found. It was easy pickings for a press corps always eager to
   unearth early signs of confusion.
   When in Doubt, Dont Talk
   You wont be surprised to hear that savvy confirmation hands such as
   lobbyist and former Nixon White House official Tom Korologos, former
   presidential appointees and those who work on Capitol Hill all agree:
   be very circumspect in talking with reporters before your nomination
   and even more so before your confirmation. But it might surprise you
   to hear prominent reporters echo the same advice.
   Broadcast journalist Brit Hume, who has watched administrations come
   and go for three decades, minces no words: "If they havent been named,
   and they havent been picked, and they havent been talked to, they
   really have no reason to talk to the press. When in doubt, dont talk
   to the press."
   Still, "you want to be pleasant to reporters, polite to them," says
   Hume, managing editor and chief Washington correspondent for Fox News
   and a former ABC White House correspondent. He adds:
     Treat them as if you know theyve got a job to do, that you
     understand and you sympathize, and if you cant comment, just say,
     "Look, I know youve got work to do, and Im sorry. I cant comment
     about this stuff at this time. I apologize. I just cant." And then
     dont.
   The right to remain silent
   Freedom of the press is a cherished right under the First Amendment.
   While there is no concomitant freedom from the press in the
   Constitution, you do have a right to remain silent or, better yet, to
   refrain politely from answering reporters questions. But many people
   fail to exercise that right. They often let their egos override their
   common sense. It is, as Samuel Johnson said of second marriages, the
   triumph of hope over experience. People beguile themselves into
   believing that for once a news report is going to spotlight their
   innocence, brilliance or cleverness instead of reminding us how adroit
   a questioner the reporter is.
   Dont make the mistake of thinking that you can enhance your chances of
   being appointed by talking openly and frankly with the press. As Hume
   observes, "the chances of your saying just the right thing and having
   it come out sounding just the right way are sufficiently remote that
   its not worth risking."
   Another White House press corps veteran, Gene Gibbons, says, "My two
   rules of life for people who find themselves in the media spotlight
   are: never lie, and dont be afraid to tell the media to take a hike."
   Gibbons, former White House correspondent for Reuters and now the
   managing editor of Stateline.org, the Web site for state house
   reporters, says, "The first rule of survival in Washington is never do
   or say anything that you dont want to read about on the front page of
   The Washington Post." He believes that a candidate who has been asked
   by the White House not to discuss an overture has only two choices in
   handling questions from the media: "Either say no comment or screen
   your calls."
   Diana Huffman, who observed the nominations process from the very
   different perspectives of managing editor of the National Journal and
   staff director of the Senate Judiciary Committee, says, "Youre ahead
   in the game if the first publicity comes when the White House actually
   announces its intention to nominate you."
   Others agree. Pines, the former Food and Drug Administration spokesman
   who specializes in crisis communication, says, "The only people who
   speak with the media in advance of being nominated are those who feel
   their nominations are on the ropes and they have nothing to lose, or
   who are not going to take the job and want the visibility that goes
   with having been considered. If I asked someone I was considering for
   a job not to speak with the media, and he or she did, I would cross
   that person off my list."
   Cheryl Arvidson, a longtime Washington political reporter, counsels,
   "It is extremely important for a potential nominee not to play
   favorites and not to engage in cat-and-mouse with reporters." If a
   reporter asks to talk with you off the record or on background,
   "caution should be the watchword," says Arvidson, now senior writer
   for the Freedom Forum, the free press and free speech foundation that
   operates the Newseum in Arlington, Va. If a reporter calls looking for
   background information, it may be possible for the prospect (or a
   surrogate) to point out things in the public record, but usually that
   isnt necessary, Arvidson says. "The good reporters will find those
   things on their own, and they will also find people who know the
   would-be nominee."
   The LBJ rule
   Stephen Potts, the director of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics in
   the Bush and Clinton administrations, subscribes to the view that
   prospective nominees those not yet officially announced by the White
   House should talk to few people outside a tight circle of family and
   colleagues about an impending and still uncertain career switch.
   "In the Lyndon Johnson years, LBJ had a general rule that if it leaked
   to the press that you were going to be nominated by him, you therefore
   were not going to be nominated," he says. "It was that
   straightforward. So people in those years had a very powerful
   incentive to keep their mouths shut." That may sound imperious, but if
   the White House cant trust someone to keep a confidence before taking
   the job, how can it expect that person to be a team player once
   confirmed?
   The rules may not be so ironclad anymore. But presidential transitions
   inspire a lot of self-promotion, and much of that backfires. The
   hordes of reporters camped out in Little Rock with President-elect
   Clinton and his team during the 1992 transition were hungry for word
   of who was in the running for Cabinet posts. But they guffawed when
   one Democratic lawmaker and his staff let it be known that he was a
   candidate for everything from secretary of Defense to CIA director.
   "It didnt take reporters long to get Clinton insiders laughing about
   his audacity over drinks in various Little Rock watering spots," a
   scribe recalls. "And before he knew it, the congressman was a laughing
   stock."
   The congressman never got any of the jobs that he and his press agents
   talked about.
   Telling the Truth
   Agreement is universal on another rule of behavior for dealing with
   reporters: never lie.
   "Dont ever be in a situation of denying it if you actually know
   anything. You cant compromise your own integrity," says a Bush
   administration official, who adds with a laugh, "Of course, its
   possible that the press has heard about it before you have."
   Donald C. Alexander recalled that when word leaked out of the Nixon
   White House about his appointment as IRS commissioner, he followed the
   advice of George P. Shultz, then secretary of the Treasury, and "did
   the neither confirm nor deny bit." Alexander added: "George told me,
   You dont want to lose your credibility even before you get here wait
   to lose it when you get here."
   Alexander helped insulate the IRS from Nixon White House excesses
   during the aftermath of Watergate. He twice had to testify before
   grand juries, but the ordeal he remembered most is going before
   congressional oversight committees, where Democrats gave him a tough
   going-over:
     You could always tell if the hearing was going to be a total
     disaster if there were four or more stand-up cameras in the room.
     That meant the committee had told the press they were really going
     to go for the jugular. If there were no cameras, the press didnt
     care for the hearing, and that meant the hearing was likely to be
     constructiveYou could just tell as you were walking down the halls
     in Rayburn [House Office Building]. If the light coming out of the
     hearing room was very bright, it was "Oh, God, here we go again!"
     * When in doubt, dont talk with reporters. It could cost you an
       administration post. Regardless of the situation, youre under no
       obligation to answer reporters questions.
     * When you do talk with reporters, dont lie or mislead them.
     * Dont expect them to report everything you say. Print and broadcast
       reporters alike will cull what they consider your most interesting
       or salient comments.
     * Dont be rude or peremptory. Reporters have an important job to do.
     * Stay abreast of the news.

@_date: 2000-11-16 23:38:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Schneier: Why Digital Signatures are not Signatures (was 
References: <200011161610.LAA30123  <3.0.6.32.20001116175218.007a7ba0
No, I don't do those things. I hire an accountant for my taxes, a
lawyer for such affairs, a mechanic for my car, and so on. Modern
society is build on trust relationships in a free market, combined
with a division of labor.
Crypto is subtle, true, but so is tax law, litigation, and modern
automotive control systems. It is not in principle different from
those areas, where money, property, and life is at stake, and we trust
others to help us.

@_date: 2000-11-20 13:43:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: What got censored today... (fwd) 
References: <10D1CDA5E7B0D41190F800D0B74585641C7391 I have an op-ed in today's Wall Street Journal that mentions alternative
DNS schemes:
 (html)
 (text)
No response yet from ICANN, Esther Dyson, Vint Cerf, etc.

@_date: 2000-11-20 13:48:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Conspiracy Theory #187389 (RE: Carnivore All-Consuming) 
References: <090825D1E60BD311B8390090276D5C4965DD49
Very high.

@_date: 2000-11-20 13:49:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Is this Reno/wiretap stat true? 
References: <200011191829.NAA25528 <4.3.1.2.20001119115500.026d8788
In general you'd be right, but this might be an exception. Check out
the annual wiretap reports on epic.org. (Admin office of US Courts
publishes them.)

@_date: 2000-11-21 12:05:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Cypherus, new encryption suite 
References: <974816415.3a1a849fdcd65
I was looking at that site yesterday too. *Very* light on details.

@_date: 2000-11-21 13:36:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
Check out the affidavit/complaint at:
Background documents:
Wired News article on arrest:

@_date: 2000-11-27 09:36:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: More WOMD madness in Washington, DC 
Advisory Panel to Assess Preparedness for Incidents Involving Weapons of Mass
+Destruction (Terrorism Panel)
Seventh meeting to finalize its second annual report due December 14
on key components of a domestic terrorism strategy, November 27-28.
Location: RAND Headquarters, 1200 South Hayes St., Arlington,
     VA. 1 p.m.
Contact: Mike Wermuth, 703-413-1100,
     or Mark Miner, 804-692-3110,

@_date: 2000-11-27 17:24:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: On 60" tonight 
References:  Yep. Tim's post is closer to what a cypherpunk would do if elected. :)
I suspect that as soon as the election is over, probably in two weeks,
we'll hear plenty of calls for "healing" and enough GOP leaders will
go along with such a move.

@_date: 2000-11-27 23:43:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Carnivore Probe Mollifies Some 
References: <3b14d4561626c38c96b65593c0236992 I believe ECPA speaks to this explicitly, and where common law may (at
least arguably) be ambiguous about meatspace, U.S. statutory law
regarding electronic communications is not.
I may look this up and provide a cite if nobody else does in the next
day or so.

@_date: 2000-11-28 01:10:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell 
References: <20001128011941.B27074
 <20001128011941.B27074
Ah, I think you're right. I don't remember a whole lot of substance backing that allegation (it didn't help that it was most certainly baseless), but I do remember that being part of the complaint against the other

@_date: 2000-11-28 01:19:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell 
References:   The affidavit/complaint we link to at cluebot.com contains an
allegation from the Feds that Bell only 'fessed up to (in previous
interviews with l.e.)  authoring the AP essays.
I do not recall reading about, or writing about, Bell being charged
with deploying a working AP system. No, they've been prosecuting him
using far more mundane allegations of SSN misuse, stinkbombs, and
stalking. AP just gives it all spice, I suppose.

@_date: 2000-11-28 10:10:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Janet Reno on Florida, children, violence 
ATTORNEY GENERAL JANET RENO'S SCHEDULE
Attends Florida's Children Exposed to Violence "Safe from the Summit, Palm Beach Community College, 4200 Congress Ave., Lake Worth,
Location: Location Not Listed.
Contact: 202-616-2771

@_date: 2000-11-28 22:38:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
References: <3A2431DF.7090504
Please, don't send HTML messages to the list. There's rarely any
reason, and not all mailreaders support it.

@_date: 2000-11-29 10:19:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Carnivore Probe Mollifies Some 
References: <3b14d4561626c38c96b65593c0236992 <3.0.6.32.20001128142838.0080adc0 Maybe. But there is a substantial law and order wing in the Republican
Party led by snoophappy folks like Bill McCollum, who shared the stage
with Bush at rallies. That by itself guarantees that at least some
GOPers will be pushing for more surveillance than done under
Clinton. Further, many of the important day-to-day decisions are left
up to mid-level bureaucrats and not all are among the 2,000 or so
presidential appointees. Finally, some of the conservative groups that
have been most vocal in Carnivore-opposition will not be as eager to
criticize a Bush administration. And I can't see liberals at PFAW etc.
being quite as aggressive.
I should write an article about the above.
Sure you haven't done that already? :)

@_date: 2000-11-29 10:22:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
References: <3A2431DF.7090504 <3.0.5.32.20001128212446.009dfe00 <3A2505FB.8FCA55D7
I've got some high-quality 35mm slide images of Bell if you need 'em. :)

@_date: 2000-11-29 22:40:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lost password 
References: <975510976.7843 Aaargh. This "has anyone though [sic]" mail must be a troll.
(though maybe it would be useful to have the toad.com addr bounce
back "here's the current info" mail rather than injecting messages
into the distributed majordomo network)

@_date: 2000-11-29 22:50:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Arthur Anderson black-bagged, NIPC now spooking 
References: <3.0.6.32.20001129123906.00818210 FBI's National Infrastructure Protection Center. I'm on an ABA
panel tomorrow with Michael Vatis, the head. Should be cybercast; I'll
find details.

@_date: 2000-10-02 17:05:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Down with techno-egalitarinism, from a reluctant cpunk 
I spoke Thurs night at the University of Virginia ( I talked a lot about cypherpunkly topics (added some stuff that I haven't seen here, and plan to turn into an article) and even gave the how-to-join address of the cpunx list.
Below is a response from one of the students, forwarded here with permission.

@_date: 2000-10-03 00:02:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: House scheduled to vote Tuesday on sex-wiretapping bill 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF INTERCEPTION OF COMMUNICATIONS IN THE
INVESTIGATION OF SEXUAL CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN.
      (a) CHILD PORNOGRAPHY- Section 2516(1)(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting
      `section 2252A (relating to material constituting or containing child pornography),' after `2252 (sexual
      exploitation of children),'.
      (b) COERCION AND ENTICEMENT TO ENGAGE IN PROSTITUTION OR OTHER ILLEGAL
      SEXUAL ACTIVITY- Section 2516(1)(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting `section
      2422 (relating to coercion and enticement),' after `section 2321 (relating to trafficking in certain motor
      vehicles or motor vehicle parts),'.
      (c) TRANSPORTATION OF MINORS TO ENGAGE IN PROSTITUTION OR OTHER ILLEGAL
      SEXUAL ACTIVITY- Section 2516(1)(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the
      matter added to that section by subsection (b) of this section the following: `section 2423 (relating to
      transportation of minors)'.

@_date: 2000-10-03 00:24:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers 
You need to find the remailer operators mailing list.
But I'd be interested in hearing some folks running remailers answer your

@_date: 2000-10-03 19:37:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: A famine averted... 
References: Ah, but who decides what the best interests of the market are? Its participants, of course, by pricing things as they see fit.
The best interest of the market, arguably, is to be left alone,
or at least interfered with in a very predictable way.

@_date: 2000-10-04 12:17:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Events in DC: Gun control, McCaffrey on "Our Balanced Approach 
SOCIAL ISSUES
News conference to highlight the negligence of the House of Representatives
to act on sensible gun safety proposals.
Participants: Rep. Rosa DeLauro, D-Conn.; Rep. Nita Lowey,
     D-N.Y.; Rep. Carolyn McCarthy, D-N.Y., and
     Nina Butts, Texans Against Gun Violence
Location: HC-5, U.S. Capitol. 1 p.m.
Contact: 202-225-3661
SOCIAL ISSUES
National Public Broadcasting/FRONTLINE and National Public Radio
Symposium on "U.S. Drug War Policy" for media and invited guests. Highlights:
  8:55 a.m. - Panel 1, "Treatment and Educations v. Prohibition and
Punishment"  10:10 a.m. - Panel 2, "Social Justice and the War on Drugs"
  11:45 a.m. - Barry McCaffrey, national drug czar, "Our Balanced Approach
to Drug Policy is Working"  2 p.m. - Panel 3, "The International War
on Drugs," broadcast live on NPR News' "Talk of the Nation"  3 p.m.
- Panel 4, "The Drug Business," broadcast live
Location: Georgetown University Law Center, New Jersey
     Ave., NW. 8:45 a.m.
Contact: To join broadcast discussions call 800-989-TALK;
     for information call Chris Kelly, 617-300-3375
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
Jeremy and Julia
Crime Subcommittee hearing on H.R.469, Jeremy and Julia's Law.
Location: 2237 Rayburn House Office Building. 1:30 p.m.
Contact: 202-225-3951 SOCIAL ISSUES
Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD)
National Youth Summit to Prevent Underage Drinking, September 29-October
4. Highlights:  9:45 a.m. - Party Group   11 a.m. Closing General
Session: "So Now What Do We Do?"
Location: National 4-H Center, 7100 Connecticut Ave.,
     Chevy Chase, MD. 9:45 a.m.
Contact: 214-744-6233, ext. 216, or Wall St. Journal
Technology Summit 2000: The Next Economy - Business, Public Policy
and the Internet.
Location: Ronald Reagan Building, 1300 Pennsylvania
     Ave., NW.
Contact: 800-457-5766; Nortel Networks
Policy luncheon on the issue of "Exploring Broadband Possibilities."
Participants: Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore.; Clarence Chandran,
     COO, Nortel Networks and Elliot Maxwell, special
     adviser to the Secretary of Commerce for the
     digital economy
Location: 902 Hart Senate Office Building. 12 noon
Contact: Walter Kallaur, 202-508-3607

@_date: 2000-10-04 13:23:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Is Judge Jackson backing away from Microsoft breakup? 
Is Judge Jackson Backing Away from MS Breakup?
    posted by cicero on Wednesday October 04,     from the so-much-for-a-quick-and-dirty-breakup-eh? dept.
    Erick Gustafson writes in about a Valley News article on the
    Microsoft antitrust case: "Evidently Jackson is on a speaking tour to
    distance himself from the breakup remedy. Jackson seems to be
    deliberately lessening pressure for the appellate court to uphold his
    decision. What do you think?" Gustafson works for Citizens for a Sound
    Economy, a free-market group that opposes the lawsuit. He may have a
    point: Judge Jackson recently said similar things at another
    conference last week. The Valley News (a New Hampshire paper) article
    isn't online, so we'll include an excerpt below.
The Valley News article excerpts:
Judge Jackson's comments from last week:

@_date: 2000-10-05 13:07:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Supreme Court denies reporter's kiddie porn appeal 
High Court Denies Reporter's Kiddie-Porn Appeal
    posted by cicero on Thursday October 05,     from the so-much-for-a-fair-trial dept.
    The Supreme Court this week declined to hear an appeal from a
    journalist convicted of trafficking in child porn, which means
    veteran reporter Larry Matthews will be spending some 18 months in
    prison. Brill's Content has an in-depth article on the case, including
    how the judge barred Matthews from using the First Amendment as a
    defense when arguing before the jury. That seems wrongheaded. No
    matter whether Matthews downloaded nude images for a story or not --
    he had deleted them by the time the FBI raided his home -- he should
    have the right to tell a jury his story. Also see an amicus brief
    filed by a journalists' group, and a writeup in the Washington City
    Paper.

@_date: 2000-10-06 13:05:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Democrats on "hate crimes" in Defense Department bill 
NEWS FROM THE HOUSE DEMOCRATIC LEADER
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE         House Democratic Leader Richard A. Gephardt
October 6, 2000						     H-204, U.S.
Gephardt Statement on Hate Crimes and Other Pending Legislation
Republican leadership is not interested in acting on the priorities of the
American people.  In a flurry of legislative maneuvering, Republicans have
taken strong, sensible, bipartisan bills and they have tried to kill those
bills by putting forward weak, watered-down versions that do nothing for the
American people.
crimes bill and they eliminated it from the Department of Defense
Authorization bill.  Republicans seem determined to file a DOD bill that is
stripped of hate crimes, and their actions in the last 24 hours are an
affront not only to the American people, but to a clear majority in the
American people a strong, sensible bill that would have given law
enforcement officers the enhanced tools they need to deal with horrible hate
crimes, and they prevented the country from sending a strong signal that we
as a society will not tolerate crimes committed against people simply
because of who they are.
years, the American people support it in overwhelming numbers, and both the
House and the Senate have voted in bipartisan fashion to include hate crimes
in the Department of Defense Authorization bill.
and with my colleagues and all Americans who support this common-sense law,
and I still hope that we can pass this bill this year and accomplish
something meaningful for the American people.
that points to a pattern; and, sadly, the story with re-importation and with
a Patients' Bill of Rights is similar to hate crimes.  First, I am deeply
disappointed that the Republican leadership has decided to defy the will of
the American people and short-circuit a bipartisan effort to craft effective
re-importation legislation that might have lowered drug prices for millions
of Americans.  Instead, Republicans went behind closed doors and came up
with an ineffective, partisan half-measure that serves the needs of the
pharmaceutical companies at the expense of the American people.
pharmaceutical companies to get around the new law.  It also sunsets after 5
years, so even if seniors did begin to see lower drug prices as a result of
this bill, that benefit will not last.  Republicans have once again chosen
the side of special interests over the people.  Democrats believe that all
seniors should have permanent, reliable help with the high costs of
prescription drugs, and we support effective, permanent re-importation
legislation as a step in that direction.  But the most important way to give
seniors the help they need is to enact an affordable, reliable, universal
Medicare prescription benefit.  Republicans have blocked that measure,
refusing, even, to let us bring it up on the floor for a vote.  Their action
on re-importation seems designed to distract us from the much larger issues
at hand.
of Rights.  Here, once again, they have decided to abandon a bipartisan bill
and to seek political cover instead.  Today, Republicans proposed a weak
Patients' Bill of Rights that fails to give patients the protections they
need from their HMO companies.  The real Patients' Bill of Rights passed the
House one year ago tomorrow by a strong bipartisan margin, and it remains
the only bill that will actually do something meaningful for millions of
bills that the American people want and that bipartisan majorities in
Congress support: hate crimes--a strong Patients Bill of Rights-permanent
re-importation legislation-and a Medicare prescription benefit that will be
always be there for seniors.  We will continue to work with all our
colleagues to accomplish something meaningful in the few short days we have
Contact: Laura Nichols/Sue Harvey (202) 225-0100

@_date: 2000-10-06 15:31:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Guys, I need help 
What do you suggest? This is cypherpunks, be a capitalist: Offer cash for setting up another anonymizer-type service that is not blocked. :)

@_date: 2000-10-08 01:55:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Comments on and about e-privacy in Canada 
References: At 16:38 10/6/2000 -0700, Tim May wrote, in response to Robert Guerra:
Right. There are solid principled reasons to oppose government regulations on what people can and can't do with information. Let them make up their own minds instead. There are also economic arguments, as Richard Epstein recently spoke about (
But there are even better, IMHO, technological reasons to oppose such government rules. As technology advances and more data become available for sale or exchange, it will be very difficult for a Canadian/European regulatory framework to reasonably exist. Cypherpunkish technology will create underground markets, anonymous distribution methods, and so on, and the only way to enforce such regulations will be for the Feds/Mounties to take drastic steps. (For instance, strong anonymity is an emergent property of a distributed network combined with strong encryption. Restricting strong anonymity means key escrow.)
I do hope Robert thinks through this. Or maybe this is another example of cypherpunk thinking not meshing well with Canada. Austin of ZKS spoke Wednesday here in DC, and his comments are relayed to me from another speaker who is sympathetic to his position:
Perhaps. But some cypherpunks might argue for it, in the stronger case, or in the weaker, simply argue that the SEC will become less and less relevant.

@_date: 2000-10-08 02:03:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: How the Feds will try to ban strong anonymity 
I wrote in another thread:
Perhaps I overstated my argument above. It seems to me that if the Feds want to restrict strong anonymity, they have some choices:
* Make it a felony (death penalty may have some deterrent effect) to take advantage of it.
* Require key escrow/key recovery/message recovery/Clipper
* Require that anonymous remailers or similar devices implement identity escrow/keep logs
* Ban Internet service providers/backbone providers from accepting traffic from an anonymous remailer node (a tricky tactic, this, since end-of-chain remailers are relatively few compared to the middle-of-chain ones, at least * Do the same thing with outgoing traffic directed to the first remailer node
* Ban the operation or hosting of remailers, and work internationally to do the same thing, through G8, Council of Europe, UN
Anything else?

@_date: 2000-10-09 15:38:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
Nader Sends Privacy Quiz to Bush and Gore
    posted by cicero on Monday October 09,     from the never-liked-those-safeway-discount-cards-anyway dept.
    Vergil Bushnell of Ralph Nader's presidential campaign just
    sent us news about a privacy survey. Turns out the Green Party hopeful
    wants to nail down where rivals George W. Bush and Al Gore stand on
    things like supermarket videocameras and marketing by Internet service
    providers. Unfortunately, Ralph doesn't include any questions
    exclusively on the topic of government surveillance, such as
    wiretapping, Echelon, or Carnivore -- which are precisely the areas
    the next Oval Office occupant can do the most to reform. Nader is,
    typically, focused only on corporate wrongdoing. His privacy survey is
    attached below.
The survey:

@_date: 2000-10-10 11:46:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
References: <4.3.0.20001009151837.01c536b0
Right. In fact, that's an understatement.
He's essentially the anti-cypherpunk: Regulate corporations' data collection practices strictly, but don't regulate the governments' practices.

@_date: 2000-10-10 13:22:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
References: <4.3.0.20001010114452.00aee530
 <4.3.0.20001009151837.01c536b0
 <4.3.0.20001010114452.00aee530
I think communism has too many negative connotations to be used nowadays... So communitarian is a new word for the old philosophy. Kinda like progressive as a replacement for statist or whatnot.

@_date: 2000-10-10 15:49:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
References: <4.3.0.20001010132053.00b37770
 <4.3.0.20001010114452.00aee530
 <4.3.0.20001010132053.00b37770
You don't even have to go as far left as the communitarians to find that.
Check out the DLC, which Clinton headed and Lieberman now chairs: The "third way" is their motto:

@_date: 2000-10-10 22:59:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
References: <4.3.0.20001010132053.00b37770
 <4.3.0.20001010114452.00aee530
 <4.3.0.20001010132053.00b37770
there's some discussion of etzoni here:
    Bush and Gore Campaigns Will Debate Privacy
    posted by cicero on Tuesday October 10,     Representatives of the George W. Bush and Al Gore campaigns
    will debate privacy in Washington on October 16. Now, the candidates
    themselves aren't going to be there, but a privacy debate is still a
    first. A related one happened today at the Brookings Institution, when
    Sen. Robert Bennett (for Bush) and Robert Shapiro, Commerce Department
    undersecretary (for Gore) tangled over "technology and the global
    economy." There's one odd thing about the Bush-Gore privacy debate:
    It's being hosted by Amitai Etzioni of George Washington University, a
    "communitarian" who's deeply suspicious of proposals to limit
    government surveillance, and an unusual choice for a moderator. See
    below for details. Also see Gore and Bush and Ralph Nader on privacy.

@_date: 2000-10-10 23:04:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: More cypherpunks photos now up at mccullagh.org 
I sent the below note to politech. The cypherpunks photos of note:
Jim Bell:
Blanc Weber:
John Perry Barlow:
David Friedman, anarcho-capitalist economist:
Other free market economists:
I just got back from Microsoft's 25th holiday party at Les Halles on Pennsylvania Avenue. It was a tremendous change from what I remember about the '97 holiday party at the same place: Better food, much larger room, and, as you'd expect many more people. And no, Judge Jackson and Joel Klein weren't invited.
As a service to you, dear readers, I've put some snapshots from the party up at:
I've finally scanned in a subset of the slides I took over the summer. A list is at:
Broken down into categories, we have scenes from the Microsoft antitrust trial:
Highlights from Burning Man:
The Dazzle Dancers (a must-see):
John Perry Barlow:
Doubleclick's lobbyist outside the Capitol building:
Jim Bell, convicted crypto-criminal and assassination politics popularizer:
Hiawatha Bray of the Boston Globe and Alan Davidson of CDT at the ICANN debate last week:
Union activists protesting in Boston:
Some photos from a trip to Key West:
Rep. Zoe Lofgren at Clinton event:
Bennett Haselton of Peacefire:
David Friedman, anarcho-capitalist economist:
Other free market economists:
-Declan

@_date: 2000-10-11 10:37:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Note to Dems: Don't Let Joseph Lieberman Log On 
[I wrote this Lieberman piece the week we learned he was going to be the Dems' VP nominee but never got around to sending it out. Here it is, for your (potential) amusement. --Declan]
    Note to Dems: Don't Let Joe Lieberman Log On
    from the back-away-from-that-mouse-senator dept.
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
    An open letter to Democrats:
    Your vice presidential candidate, Senator Joseph Lieberman, is without
    question a determined fellow.
    Who else would pen 1700-word essays carefully analyzing how many DWPM
    -- that's Dirty Words Per Minute -- appear on prime-time TV? Who else
    would painstakingly construct an oh-so-Washington response: The FCC
    should step in and threaten those TV networks with loss of their
    licenses if they don't cough up, Al Capone-style, protection
    programming?
    In the first hour of primetime, Lieberman writes in an essay published
    the week he accepted the veep slot, "sexual references have now
    reached an average of 3.69 per hour."
    Now, let's put aside the question of why an esteemed member of the
    world's greatest deliberative body feels the urge to take a counter to
    phrases like "Want to come up to my place for a drink?"
    It's true that Lieberman is quoting a study and perhaps didn't perform
    the mind-splitting task of weighing whether "Your place or mine?"
    falls into the safe-for-Junior or the raise-the-alarum category,
    though given his apparent predilection for prurience, one has to
    wonder.
    But calm down, Nadine Strossen: There's nothing particularly Orwellian
    about this precise, prudish algebra. That's because such fractional
    calculations, combined with the high-pitched harmonics of smug moral
    superiority, bespeak not so much Big Brother as an invigorated Kenneth
    Starr after a particularly rousing Bible study group. Does it really
    matter whether there are 3.692 sex mentions per hour or 3.714? More
    importantly, does nobody in Washington remember "significant figures"
    from their junior high math classes?
    One gets the impression that even if the sex-mentions-per-hour
    plummeted to 0.01, Lieberman would still be railing against Hollywood
    -- in much the same fervid-but-futile way that Moms used to warn teens
    about the corrupting influence of Elvis, and that was even before The
    King grew jowly, middle-aged, and potbellied.
    No, what really worries me aren't Lieberman's views on network TV.
    Let's be honest: Prime time television is as moribund nowadays as Dan
    Quayle's presidential ambitions, and even less interesting to chat
    about. What worries me is how behind the curve this fellow is. I mean,
    this guy wants to be able to succeed, in a pinch, Bill Clinton in the
    Oval Office.
    Sure, Clinton will be best remembered for unconsummated hummers from
    Monica, but at least he'd be an entertaining chap to hang out and
    swill beer with at a Yankees game. You just know that if Lieberman
    were sitting next to you, he'd whip out his calculator and start
    adding up how many times per minute each player swore.
    More to the point, it was Bob Dole who ran against Clinton four years
    ago by pandering to the right-wingers and whining about Hollywood's
    "nightmares of depravity." Can't Al & Joe think of anything new?
    Note to Dems: Big Bob lost.
    Of course, if the latest polls are any indication, the same thing's
    going to happen to Al and Joe. Why shouldn't they follow Dole's lead
    again post-November, if only to escape the ranks of the new
    unemployed? The former moral crusader and Viagra spokesman -- who has
    done as much to popularize discussions of problematic penises as Bill
    Clinton, albeit in a far more lucrative way -- this May inked a deal
    with Comedy Central, best known for raunchy shows like "South Park"
    that feature plots such as Satan getting buggered by Saddam Hussein.
    It may not be traditional family values, but Foreign Relations
    Committee Chairman Jesse Helms would surely approve.
    The real problem is what might happen if Lieberman discovers the
    Internet. He's a smart enough guy, even sponsored the obligatory
    anti-spam legislation, but then again you'd be hard-pressed nowadays
    to find any Congresscritter who hasn't. He may even be reasonably
    wired, might even read his own email, but you know that he's never
    spent any time mucking around the underbelly of the Net.
    You don't have to go very far. Just go to altavista.com and type in,
    say, "foot fetish." Presto! The advanced artificial intelligence of
    one of the leading search engines kicks in, and you get your
    neural-network-certified picks: "Female foot fetishes," "bare foot
    fetishes," "male foot fetishes." The press has made a lot of
    Lieberman's status as an Orthodox Jew, so one presumes he won't be a
    fan of jewishfetish.com, even though all the men do appear to be
    properly circumsized.
    If Lieberman is so eager to sic those hapless FCC bureaucrats on
    network television, imagine what he'd do to the Net. He's already been
    talking about creating a .xxx top level domain for smut, but I don't
    think he quite realizes how much of it there is out there.
    So, in the name of brotherly love, don't ever, ever let Joseph
    Lieberman log on.
    Sincerely,
    Declan McCullagh
    Washington, DC

@_date: 2000-10-11 23:20:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Gov. Bush links Columbine massacre to Internet use 
Bush Links Columbine Massacre to Internet Use
    posted by cicero on Wednesday October 11,     from the sounds-a-lot-like-joseph-lieberman dept.
    George W. Bush may have bested Al Gore in tonight's presidential
    debate, but it sure wasn't because of the governor's tech-savviness.
    Warned the Texas Republican, in response to a gun-control question:
    "Columbine spoke to a larger issue, and it's really a matter of
    culture. It's a culture that somewhere along the line we begun to
    disrespect life, where a child can walk in and have their heart
    turn dark as a result of being on the Internet and walk in and
    decide to take somebody else's life." It was undeniably a good,
    mushy, appeal-to-the-softhearted line, but the sheer schmaltziness of
    it is in questionable taste. For instance: Was the Net really to
    blame? Shouldn't even a "compassionate conservative" want to hold
    miscreants responsible for their own actions? And would the guv have
    offered the same warning to millions of Americans if the Columbine
    killers had, say, been regulars at the public library?
Transcript is at:

@_date: 2000-10-12 12:46:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Make legal threats, go to jail for 20 years 
This is from a bill that both the House and Senate passed (yesterday):
Whoever knowingly provides or obtains the labor or services of a person...by means of the abuse or threatened abuse of law or the legal process,
shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both.
URL: I can imagine some abuses of this, in workplace situations or divorce cases...

@_date: 2000-10-15 19:05:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Senate approves online booze ban; FCC, landlords, and telcos 
Senate Votes to Restrict Online Booze Sales
    posted by cicero on Sunday October 15,     from the so-junior-doesn't-order-that-$45-california-merlot dept.
    The U.S. Senate voted 95-0 last week to restrict online alcohol
    sales. The purported reason: Beer and wine wholesalers claim it
    would protect children. "This law will put real power behind
    state efforts to enforce laws that require responsible marketing (and)
    ID checks," one lobbyist said in a Wired News article. The real
    reason: Wholesalers fear being bypassed by mail order firms -- that
    would mean losing lucrative markups -- and have handed millions of
    dollars in campaign contributions to Congress. The House has already
    approved the bill, part of an unrelated measure about trafficking in
    sex slaves, and the president is expected to sign it shortly.
    FCC Wants to Force Net Access on Landlords
    posted by cicero on Saturday October 14,     from the so-much-for-private-property dept.
    Adam Thierer of the conservative Heritage Foundation writes in
    with a recent article he wrote about the FCC. He's angry about
    a proposed regulation the agency is considering: It requires
    apartment and office building owners to let telcom companies wire
    the place, at a cost to be determined by the Feds. So much for
    private property, eh? Thierer's article is below.

@_date: 2000-10-16 20:39:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Protecting Our Children 
To be voted on in the House tomorrow:
(9) H.R. 5312 - Protecting Our Children From Drugs Act of 2000
It's not on Thomas, and I don't feel like dispatching my intern to get the text, so your guess is as good as mine.

@_date: 2000-10-16 22:32:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: RE: take me off ur list thank you! 
References: <4.3.2.7.1.20001016171653.00ac8770 Allow me to be more uncharacteristically succinct (it's been a long day):
Ms. Lynch, get a clue. Stop frothing. Until then, spare us the venting.
Yours truly,
A friend

@_date: 2000-10-17 10:38:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
References:  <20001015143441.B5382  <20001016205040.A2358  <20001016214625.B2510
Sorry, but this is hand-waving. There are smart people outside the NSA
and there is money outside the NSA.
No, you'll just be ridiculed instead. Extraordinary claims require
extraordinary proof, and you have not provided it.
Think of it from a longtime cypherpunk's perspective: We see people
come in here and say the same thing as you every month or so, and
offer much in the way of not-very-informed speculation but little in
the way of proof.

@_date: 2000-10-17 12:03:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Vanessa Lynch, still whining (an impressive feat) 
References: <20001017120908.A29784
If you're not already removed from the list, you should look at the message headers and find the Sender: line. Take that domain name (ssz.com or cyberpass.net or algebra.com or something) and send mail with "help" in the body to majordomo at thatdomainname.com.
Or you could find the original message you received when you signed up, which is probably easier.

@_date: 2000-10-17 12:52:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Protecting Our Children 
No, that's a temporary URL that will become invalid in a few minutes. You need to send out the link to the summary, which I did. Or include it below. :)

@_date: 2000-10-17 23:55:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Gore and Bush during debate: Equal-opportunity censors? 
Gore and Bush: Equal-Opportunity Censors?
    posted by cicero on Tuesday October 17,     from the affirmative-action-for-censorhappy-politicos dept.
    There was something absent from this evening's presidential debate,
    and it wasn't Al's horn-blowing sighs or Dubya's runny-nosed
    sniffles. What was missing was an appreciation for the benefits
    of free speech, the perils of blocking software, and the hazards
    of blaming the world's woes on the Internet. In response to an
    audience question about "the morality of our country," both candidates
    talked up rating systems, blamed Hollywood, and recommended having the
    government help parents who have, allegedly, failed. Al Gore, who
    likes to talk about privacy, waxed downright Carnivorous over a
    "feature that allows parents to automatically check, with one click,
    what sites your kids have visited lately.. if you can check up on
    them, then you -- that's real power." Quoth Bush, who had similar
    ideas: "There ought to be filters in public libraries, and filters in
    public schools, so that if kids get on the Internet, there's not going
    to be pornography or violence coming in." Bush was talking about
    legislation currently before Congress that ties filtering to checks
    from the Feds.
Relevant excerpt from transcript:

@_date: 2000-10-18 00:00:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
The Mother of Gore's Invention
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    3:00 a.m. Oct. 17, 2000 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- If it's true that Al Gore created the Internet, then I
    created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story.
    I was the first reporter to question the vice president's improvident
    boast, way back when he made it in early 1999.
    Since then, the story's become far more than just a staple of
    late-night Letterman jokes: It's now as much a part of the American
    political firmament as the incident involving that other vice
    president, a schoolchild, and a very unfortunate spelling of potato.
    Poor Al. For a presidential wannabe who prides himself on a sober
    command of the brow-furrowing nuances of technology policy, being the
    butt of all these jokes has proven something of a setback.
    I mean, who can hear the veep talk up the future of the Internet
    nowadays without feeling an urge to stifle some disrespectful giggles?
    It would be like listening to Dan Quayle doing a
    please-take-me-seriously stump speech at an Idaho potato farm.
    Case in point: Mars Inc. lampoons the vice president in a hilarious
    new commercial for Snickers. In it, a cartoon Al brags that he,
    variously, invented the Internet, trousers, and when he wasn't busy
    elsewhere, "lots of other stuff too."
    When you're getting mocked by a candy company, you know your
    statesmanship rating has plummeted to a terrifying new low. No wonder
    one recent poll shows Gore to be solidly ahead of his Republican rival
    in only 11 states. It's simple: He's got no respect.
    Which brings us to an important question: Are the countless jibes at
    Al's expense truly justified? Did he really play a key part in the
    development of the Net?
    The short answer is that while even his supporters admit the vice
    president has an unfortunate tendency to exaggerate, the truth is that
    Gore never did claim to have "invented" the Internet.
    During a March 1999 CNN interview, while trying to differentiate
    himself from rival Bill Bradley, Gore boasted: "During my service in
    the United States Congress, I took the initiative in creating the
    Internet."
    That statement was enough to convince me, with the encouragement of my
    then-editor James Glave, to write a brief article that questioned the
    vice president's claim. Republicans on Capitol Hill noticed the Wired
    News writeup and started faxing around tongue-in-cheek press releases
    -- inveterate neatnik Trent Lott claimed to have invented the paper
    clip -- and other journalists picked up the story too.
    My article never used the word "invented," but it didn't take long for
    Gore's claim to morph into something he never intended.
    The terrible irony in this exchange is that while Gore certainly
    didn't create the Internet, he was one of the first politicians to
    realize that those bearded, bespectacled researchers were busy
    crafting something that could, just maybe, become pretty important.
    In January 1994, Gore gave a landmark speech at UCLA about the
    "information superhighway."
    Many portions -- discussions of universal service, wiring classrooms
    to the Net, and antitrust actions -- are surprisingly relevant even
    today. (That's an impressive enough feat that we might even forgive
    Gore his tortured metaphors such as "road kill on the information
    superhighway" and "parked at the curb" on the information
    superhighway.)
    Gore's speech reverberated around Democratic political circles in
    Washington. Other Clinton administration officials began citing it in
    their own remarks, and the combined effort helped to grab the media's
    attention.
    Their timing was impeccable: In July 1993, according to Network
    Wizards' survey, there were 1.8 million computers connected to the
    Internet. By July 1994, the figure had nearly doubled to 3.2 million,
    a trend that continued through January 2000, when about 72 million
    computers had permanent network addresses.
    Small wonder, then, that as the election nears, Gore's defenders have
    been rallying to defend him. In a recent op-ed piece in the San Jose
    Mercury News, John Doerr and Bill Joy claim "nobody in Washington
    understands" the new economy as well as Gore does.
    Net-pioneers Robert Kahn and Vint Cerf, a Democratic party donor, have
    written an essay saying "no other elected official, to our knowledge,
    has made a greater contribution over a longer period of time" than the
    veep.
    Scott Rosenberg, in a recent Salon article, joined the fray: "The
    'Gore claims he invented the Net' trope is so full of holes that it
    makes you wish there were product recalls for bad information."
    It's also true that, as a senator, Gore in the 1980s supported
    universities' efforts to increase funding for NSFNet, a measure that
    became law in the High Performance Computing Act of 1991. Gore's guest
    columns in Byte magazine at the time showed an appreciation of
    technology that was far from usual on Capitol Hill.
    But it's also difficult to argue with a straight face that the
    Internet we know today would not exist if Gore had decided to practice
    the piano instead of politics.
    By the time Gore took notice of the Net around 1987, the basics were
    already in place. The key protocol, TCP/IP, was written and the
    culture of the Net had blossomed through Usenet and mailing lists, as
    chronicled in Eric Raymond's Jargon File. At best, Gore's involvement
    merely hastened its development.
    Instead of the orderly interstate highway system that Gore had
    repeatedly used as metaphor, the spread of the Net has resembled
    something closer to a self-organizing, almost anarchic sprawl. Instead
    of a government/corporate-controlled system that might have looked
    like France's wretched Minitel system -- or, more charitably, a
    500-channel interactive TV network -- the Net's popularity grew
    because of far more mundane applications like email and downloading
    porn.
    And it's fair to say that other Gore pet projects, like the Clinton
    administration's abandoned Clipper chip, are hardly ways to protect
    privacy and security online and promote the development of this
    technology.
    Then again, it's also true the Clipper chip was first concocted under
    a George Bush Sr. administration, and another Bush occupying the Oval
    Office might well have similar inclinations.
    We know that George W. Bush may not be any tech-savvier than Gore --
    as anyone who caught the governor's the-Net-made-them-do-it comments
    about the Columbine High School killers can attest.
    But he seems to have successfully neutralized Gore's advantage on tech
    issues. In the first debate, Bush jabbed at Gore during a figure-rich
    discussion of HMO coverage. The delivery was wooden, but it was no
    joke: "Not only did (Gore) invent the Internet, but he invented the
    calculator," Bush said.
    The big surprise was not that Bush used the quip. It has, after all,
    also shown up in his stump speeches and Republican jibes.
    No, the surprise was that Gore remained silent. When he had a chance
    to respond, Gore only talked about prescription drugs: "You can go to
    the (Bush) website and look. If you make more than $25,000 a year, you
    don't get a penny of help under the Bush prescription drug proposal."
    At least he mentioned a website.

@_date: 2000-10-18 17:12:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
References: <4.3.0.20001018000003.00b4a7a0
Internet deployment happened at a near-doubling every year starting around 1993, coincident with the deployment of the web.
Most computers in 1986 weren't up to it. Many of us were using Apple II computers with something like 278x192 resolution (in single hi res mode). Imagine such a beast doing networking. Ick.

@_date: 2000-10-18 17:58:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
Wow -- I'm impressed. I remember using that.
True, and the IIgs was out in September '97. But it takes a while for folks to upgrade, which is why I said many of us were still using Apple IIs (I also had a Mac+ at the time).

@_date: 2000-10-18 18:49:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: House Passes Bipartisan Commercial Space Bill 
Committee on Science
F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR., CHAIRMAN
Ralph M. Hall, Texas, Ranking Democrat
October 18, 2000
Press Contacts:
Jeff Lungren (Jeff.Lungren at mail.house.gov)
Jeff Donald (Jeffrey.Donald at mail.house.gov)
(202) 225-4275
HOUSE PASSES BIPARTISAN
COMMERCIAL SPACE BILL
Bill Enhances U.S. Commercial Space Competitiveness
By Extending Launch Indemnification
WASHINGTON, D.C. - With broad bipartisan support, the House yesterday passed
H.R. 2607, the Commercial Space Transportation Competitiveness Act, by a
voice vote.  The bill now goes to the President for final approval.
H.R. 2607 extends launch indemnification to the U.S. commercial launch
industry for four more years, through the end of 2004.  The federal
government first decided to indemnify commercial launch companies against
catastrophic losses as a means of rebuilding a launch industry that was
critical for national security.  In addition, the bill authorizes funds for
the Offices of Advanced Space Transportation and Space Commerce in the
Departments of Transportation and Commerce.
The bill's sponsor, Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Chairman Dana
Rohrabacher, (R-CA) said, "Passage of H.R. 2607 signals continued
congressional support of a highly competitive launch industry in today's
global market.  This legislation enables the U.S. Government to maintain a
stable business environment so that the private sector can become more
competitive.  Moreover, by directing the Administration to examine more
innovative legal approaches for indemnification, we begin a new chapter in
U.S. space development in the 21st Century."
House Science Committee Chairman F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., (R-WI) added,
"By extending commercial launch indemnification, this bill helps build a
solid foundation for commercial launch companies.  This foundation enhances
our national security by encouraging private firms to invest in improving
U.S. space launch capabilities and maintaining U.S. competitiveness with
launchers from Europe, Russia, the Ukraine and China.  I hope the President
will quickly sign this important bipartisan legislation into law."
Science Committee Ranking Minority Member Ralph M. Hall, (D-TX) said, "The
Commercial Space Competitiveness Act was the top legislative priority for
the American space launch industry. It is in our Nation's interest that we
continue to be world leaders in the launch industry.  This bill provides the
framework of support and incentives the industry indicates they need to keep
their premier status. I am pleased that the Science Committee could play a
central role in moving this legislation to completion."
Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Ranking Minority Member Bart Gordon,
(D-TN), also an original co-sponsor of the bill, noted, "The key achievement
of this bill is an extension of the commercial space indemnification
provisions.  Those provisions, first enacted in 1988, have provided a highly
effective risk-sharing system that has helped our launch industry compete
with the world.  Since their enactment 12 years ago, these provisions
haven't cost the taxpayer one dollar in claims."
Jeff Donald
Deputy Communications Director
House Science Committee
2320 Rayburn House Office Building
202-225-4275 (phone)
202-226-3875 (fax)

@_date: 2000-10-19 12:57:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) 
References: <410650c18ae959a3a66af0504f5fa589 <4.3.1.2.20001019073833.02605560
I might be tempted to agree with you, but I think David Friedman's
Machinery of Freedom (which I was reading last night) might have
something to say about the above.
It should be required reading for all cpunx anyway (not saying you
haven't read it -- this is simply a general suggestion to the rest of
the list).

@_date: 2000-10-19 18:36:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Rep. Armey questions Justice Department review of Carnivore 
And a Napster poll:
    Justice Department Carnivore Review a Sham?
    posted by cicero on Thursday October 19,     from the say-could-it-be-an-election-year? dept.
    Dick Armey, House majority leader and Republican firebrand, is once
    again making trouble for the Clinton administration. Armey this
    afternoon sent a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno, saying that
    the Justice Department's review of Carnivore appears somewhat less
    than objective: "I have questioned the independence of this review.
    Several in the media have questioned this review. Several universities
    refused to submit review proposals because, in their opinion, the
    review process was unfair." Having the supposedly secret names of the
    government-affiliated reviewers revealed last month sure didn't help.
    Neither did the information in the Carnivore documents obtained under
    the Freedom of Information Act. (Armey's letter is below.)
The letter:

@_date: 2000-10-20 09:27:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: judges needing killing... 
References: <9c6d577b93017fad3e60049f341d10d2 My employer is running a deal right now in which we can wrap our car
in ads in exchange for X shares of stock, strike price current price
of the shares. Even if there's a modest $Y increase in share value,
X*Y will amount to many times the cost of most cars.
So what companies should do is try to get police agencies to seize such
ad-wrapped cars, as long as they can guarantee the vehicles will be driven
and not (gasp) repainted. :)
-Declan

@_date: 2000-10-20 09:43:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Tim May's anti-semitic rants 
References: <200010192016.NAA17977 <39F02BC0.F3AC6E7C
Right. While I feel some sense of moral obligation to feel compassion
for victims of genocide in Africa, the reality is that traffic in
downtown Washington affects me more.
To paraphrase:
One person dying is a tragedy
One million dying is a statistic
One billion lost in NASDAQ value is a serious bummer

@_date: 2000-10-20 09:55:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Declan should hope Bush is elected! 
References: Bush also seemed to criticize the MS antitrust lawsuit yesterday:
I can't say (personally) I'm a fan of either candidate. But even if
Gore were to win, I'd likely continue the working relationship with the
White House staff that I have now. Apart from ideology, they have an
incentive to do so: I write articles (such as one I'm doing today) in
which they'd like their positions represented.

@_date: 2000-10-20 09:57:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Rep. Armey questions Justice Department review of Carnivore 
References: <4.3.0.20001019183652.00b498a0 Based on his previous press releases, I think it's fair to say so.
But let's copy his aide and ask.

@_date: 2000-10-21 00:54:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Congressmen spar over police administrative subpoena-snooping 
[Also Rep. Bill McCollum, hardly a friend of privacy, has been defending it in the House. --Declan]
    Congressmen Duel Over Police Snooping Bill
    posted by cicero on Friday October 20,     from the with-friends-like-these dept.
    Privacy defenders and privacy invaders spent this week sparring
    over a bill called the Presidential Threat Protection Act of
    2000. Already approved by the Senate, it's set to be voted on by the
    House shortly. Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT), the wiretap-happy senator
    who likes to pose as an occasional friend of civil liberties, is a
    sponsor, as is Orrin Hatch, a Utah Republican who's been trying to
    buff his image among geeks. Rep. Bob Barr (R-Georgia) may be on a
    campaign to ban abortion and indict Democrats, but at least he's
    usually a reliable ally when limiting government surveillance; he
    opposes the measure. The bill would allow police to obtain records on
    you from third parties (think ISP, telephone company) without a search
    warrant. It's designed to be used against violent criminals, but it
    sets a dangerous precedent. See letters below.
Letters from Barr opposing and McCollum supporting:

@_date: 2000-10-24 02:04:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Declan My Lai 
References: <200010221539.LAA32690
Nope, never expected it. This proves what those wise and neutral folks
on NPR today were calling the media's fascination with triviality.
(Me, I would say that voting is such an inefficient process of getting
what you want that it is not rational to read up on all policy
positions of the candidates, and you might as well focus on character,
or what you perceive to be the same.)
If I wanted to be a partisan political reporter, clearly it would be
higher-profile. But that doesn't interest me much, so I shall
diminish, and remain, well, you get the idea.

@_date: 2000-10-24 02:07:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Illicit words 
References: <20001023190834.C9630
It's too late; you're already on the TLA list since you posted to cypherpunks.
If they know who you are, they don't need to scan your email for keywords.
They can simply read all of it.

@_date: 2000-10-24 02:08:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Al Gore goes cypherpunk? 
What's in your top five from the past year?
                           Being John Malkovich; East Is East; Shall We
                           Dance? I liked Gladiator a lot - I thought that was
                           an excellent movie. I loved The Matrix. I loved the
                           metaphor. Somebody gigged me in the mainstream
                           media for not liking too much violence in the movies
                           but simultaneously liking that movie. Well, you
                           know, it was rated for adults. It was very violent, but
                           it was a terrific movie. And I can hardly wait for the
                           sequel.

@_date: 2000-10-24 02:14:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Killing Judges 
References: <200010211146.HAA22075 <017d01c03bb1$3ee32e60$a6d11018
I hate to defend my colleagues, but this is reasonable. I don't know
if bomb threats that turn out to be fake are inherently newsworthy.
I would probably have made the same decision, given limited
resources. Unless there was some evidence that this was a pattern of
threats, etc.
What you're describing could well be a competing publication. You'd
presumably have greater legal protection that way in any case.
I can see it now: "CJ and JB's BombNewsWire"

@_date: 2000-10-24 12:15:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Wired News tech scorecard for U.S. House of Representatives 
At Wired News, we've compiled a list of the technology voting records of each member of the U.S. House of Representatives.
That meant picking seven tech bills and grading all 435 legislators -- at least the ones who showed up those days -- on their floor votes. If they chose to take a hands-off approach, they got a "1", while regulatory votes got a "0." (If you disagree with us, flip the scale around.)
Here's the list sorted by last name (scoll down to find your legislator):
   Sorted by score, with the two California reps with 100 percent at the top:
   And a summary of the results, with some methodology:
   Some interesting results: Purported privacy advocates like Democrat Ed Markey didn't score well, getting a 33% of 100%, in part because of his opposition to financial privacy legislation. Republican Bob Goodlatte, Internet caucus co-chair, got just 43% because of his support for speech and gambling restrictions.
The floor votes scored:
HR2031: A vote to restrict online sales of alcohol. (No is 1)
HR3615: A vote to create a new federal agency to spend $1.25 billion on rural TV service. (No is 1)
HR3709: A vote to extend a temporary federal ban on Internet taxes. (Yes is 1)
HR3125: A vote to prohibit Internet gambling. (No is 1)
HR1501: A vote on an amendment to restrict the sale of violent material such as videogames to anyone under the age of 18. (No is 1)
HR10: A vote on an amendment to protect financial privacy by restricting government monitoring of bank accounts. (Yes is 1)
HR1714: A vote to allow the use of electronic signatures. (Yes is 1)

@_date: 2000-10-24 19:04:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Wired News tech scorecard for U.S. House of Representatives 
t>
This is a useful analysis. Thank you. I was considering doing one myself.
Let me try to answer your question about how a Libertarian rep would rank.
Our rankings were explictly designed to reward "hands-off" votes, so it's a reasonable assumption that one would score highly.
But small-l and large-L libertarians disagree among themselves on what the proper role of government should be on tech issues. Consider Ron Paul of Texas. He has been the Libertarian candidate for president and has reportedly never renounced his life membership in the party.
Yet he scored just 71 percent, or 5 of 7 votes. That's because he voted against banning states from taxing the Net (probably on federalism grounds), even though libertarian groups such as Cato and Pacific Research Institute liked that tax-ban. (His other negatively-scored vote was an electronic signature law.)
This scorecard is by nature brittle. If we had included more votes, it's a near certainty that our two 100-scorers would not have perfect votes. One is anti-porn; we (unfortunately) didn't have any Net-porn votes to include. Neither CDA nor COPA was this session. Adding more votes would have boosted other rankings.
Also, the scorecard was designed to focus as closely as possible on votes that only dealt with a narrow issue. We could have included ones such as HR1501, but then we couldn't have figured out whether reps voted for it based on their support of filtering software or firearm restrictions.

@_date: 2000-10-24 20:01:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Wired News tech scorecard for U.S. House of Representatives 
References: <4.3.0.20001024184518.00b51430
 <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A3530555477B t>
 <4.3.0.20001024184518.00b51430
I spoke to one of Paul's aides about the scorecard, and he said (I'm paraphrasing) that his boss voted against the bill in part because it was flawed, and not just on knee-jerk federalism grounds or whatnot.
I've also written about the law, and I agree it's flawed, but I still decided to count it as a net positive.

@_date: 2000-10-24 20:20:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Who says there's gridlock in DC? 
bills that the prez signed today...
On Tuesday, October 24th, 2000, the President signed into law:
H.R. 1509 Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial Foundation
H.R. 3201 Carter G. Woodson Home National Historic Site Study Act of 2000
H.R. 3632 Golden Gate National Recreation Area Bountary Adjustment Act of
H.R. 3676 Santa Rosa and Santa Jacinto Mountains National Monument Act
H.R. 4063 Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical
Park Establishment Act of 2000
H.R. 4275 Colorado Canyons National Conservation Area and Black Ridge
Canyons Wilderness Act of 2000
H.R. 4386 Breast and Cervical Cancer Prevention and Treatment Act of 2000
H.R. 4613 National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act of 2000
H.R. 5036 Dayton Aviation Heritage preservation Amendment of 2000
S. 1849        White Clay Creek Wild and Scenic Rivers System

@_date: 2000-10-25 09:24:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Legislative approaches to ID theft? 
Likely means new criminal laws... (today)
SOCIAL ISSUES
Social Security Administration (SSA) Office of the Inspector General
Identity Theft Prevention Workshop. Panels will discuss victims'views
on prevention, Internet issues, workplace ID theft, private industry
issues and legislative approaches to preventing ID theft
Location: Health and Human Services Department (HHS),
     330 Independence Ave., SW, Cohen Building,
     First Floor Auditorium. 9 a.m.
Contact: Rich Rhode, 410-966-1722

@_date: 2000-10-25 09:45:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Congress proposes raiding census records. 
References: I didn't answer even that question. I did not return the form.
My result was the same as yours: No visits or inquiries. That's a shame. If I get fined $100, I can write a column about my
experience and sell it for much more.

@_date: 2000-10-25 10:04:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk? 
References: <4.3.0.20001024020843.0233a0b0 <4.3.0.20001024020843.0233a0b0 <4.3.1.2.20001024194300.0183d358 Perhaps this is one reason why Ralph Nader is reportedly drawing
crowds of 5,000 at rallies. He's active: Bashing Gore, attacking
corporations, etc. No philosophical twaddle (oh, it might have its
place but not in politics) about landing on someone's balcony and
trespass righs.

@_date: 2000-10-25 10:09:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
References: <20001024235818.I3255
It's a not entirely uninteresting approach, but one doesn't have
to resort to libertarian rights-theory to refute it (not that arguing about rights is going to resolve anything anyway).
Simple pragmatism can do the same. I mean, Nathan, have you ever
considered what happens when taxes are raised to 95 percent?
I know you were just speaking hypothetically, but to be realistic, a
hypo will have to includse the negative effects as well as the
positive. For instance, what are the economic effects? What are the
black markets that arise?  What punitive measures must nations adopt
to enforce tax collection?  What about revolt and the ensuing
bloodshed? What about public choice theory?
Think these things through, if you really want to be "pragmatic."

@_date: 2000-10-25 15:28:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
References: <20001025153635.C7732
 <20001025153635.C7732
Ah, no. Said individual was born in the U.S. from American parents (and then moved to BC). It's that Yankee blood that does it. :)

@_date: 2000-10-25 15:36:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
References: True, true. It's probably not worth our time. It's not that he's not
educable -- although we see no indication of that yet -- it's that
there are better uses of scare resources. Anyone hoping to be taken
seriously should at least have read some of the basic cpunk
And he has not.
Probably. I remember on Usenet circa '91 we'd see an influx of
freshmen polluting otherwise useful newsgroups. Lots seemed to come
from psu.edu, for some odd reason.
Righto. While anyone who wants to can call themselves a cypherpunk,
anarchic labeling and all that, it's clear that some folks just don't
get it.
It must have something to do with being Canadianized. Only folks from
Alberta seem to get it right.

@_date: 2000-10-25 16:17:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk?) 
References: <3.0.5.32.20001024103811.0099fba0
 <4.3.0.20001024020843.0233a0b0
 <3.0.5.32.20001024103811.0099fba0
The current version of majordomo allows for an authorized-poster file, which I use with one of my lists to let people who aren't on the list contribute. You could use a cron job to combine subscribers with add'l posters to allow some of the more-likely-to-respond cypherpunks to post.

@_date: 2000-10-25 19:58:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Privacy: Dems criticize GOP, Calif, Australia, and Carnivore 
More privacy stuff at:     Democrats Criticize Census Data Sharing
    posted by cicero on Wednesday October 25,     from the hypocritcal-congresscritters-so-what-else-is-new dept.
    David Sobel of EPIC just sent us a letter that a pair of Democratic
    legislators are circulating on Capitol Hill. Turns out they
    want to stop a Republican plan to share some Census data with other
    government agencies. The opposition from Carolyn Maloney and John
    Dingell is certainly welcome, but it's important to realize that this
    is a simple partisan manuevering. While they piously bleat that
    "Congress should be protecting personal privacy," neither voted for
    privacy-protective measures when they had the chance, according to a
    Wired News scorecard.
The letter, dated October 25:
    CIX: E-mail Headers Aren't Legal Carnivore Fodder
    posted by protozoa on Tuesday October 24,     from the slippery-slope-vs-vertical-slope dept.
    The Commercial Internet Exchange Association has published this
    white paper (PDF format) arguing that e-mail headers shouldn't legally
    be considered the same thing as telephone numbers dialed. Why is that
    important? Because according to the paper's introduction,"[t]hrough
    programs like "Carnivore," the government seeks real-time access to
    the e-mail addresses and other transactional elements of e-mail
    communications under the low "pen register" standard used to trace the
    digits dialed on a telephone,". It's a tricky legal distinction, but a
    very important one -- such a finding in court could cut the FBI's net
    surveillance plans off at the knees. I've included the paper's
    introduction below.
The CIX introduction (in HTML):
    California Creates State Privacy Office
    posted by protozoa on Saturday October 21,     from the you-said-what-to-who? dept.
    According to this press release, California Governor Gray Davis
    signed twenty bills yesterday tailored to protect privacy and
    other consumer interests for state residents. Most noteworthy of these
    bills is SB 129, which creates the first-ever statewide Office of
    Privacy Protection under California's Department of Consumer Affairs.
    Other new laws include and procedural assistance for identity theft
    victims and new consumer "opt-out" reqirements for credit bureaus. Dan
    Gillmor wrote a column about identity theft and privacy protection in
    California back in March, expressing his support for two stronger and
    more far-reaching bills in this arena. Neither of them were among
    those passed.
    Australian Privacy Legislation Inches Forward
    posted by protozoa on Saturday October 21,     from the privacy-privacy-oi-oi-oi dept.
    An Australian Senate committee has produced a set of
    recommendations (in PDF form) governing private corporations' data
    collection practices. The bill is scheduled to be considered during
    the coming session. The Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Bill 2000
    aims to update regulations in light of the "dramatic developments in
    information technology and data communication practices" since the
    passage of the Privacy Act in 1988. The recommendations include an
    exemption for small businesses (except in instances where medical
    information is involved) and a strategy for accordance with the
    European Data Directive. Electronic Frontiers Australia called the
    bill "complex, unwieldy, ineffective and an insult to the citizens of
    Australia" in its testimony in May, citing numerous loopholes and
    inadequate enforcement provisions. Many of their concerns appear to
    have been ignored. ABC (that's A for Australian) ran a brief piece on
    Federal Attorney-General Daryl Williams' support of the bill. As it
    says at the bottom of the box: Post your comments below. Can any
    privacy legislation better than none? Is ineffectual privacy
    legislation worse than none?

@_date: 2000-10-26 09:50:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Filters 
References:  Not only that, but at one point there was an FCC proceeding to include
it in computers with TV tuners. I reported on it for Time magazine.
Don't think it ever went anywhere.
-Declan

@_date: 2000-10-26 10:16:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
References: <20001024235818.I3255 <20001025100953.C3872 <20001025171506.D1804
On Wed, Oct 25, 2000 at 05:15:06PM -0700, Nathan Saper wrote, quoting me:
Nope. You don't get it. Economics is in part hte study of people
acting in their own rational self-interest, which can't be denied by
government fiat.
Are you clueless? You were talking in this hypothetical about a tax
rate of 95 percent. That's not a whole lot of disposable income to buy
widescreen TVs.
Have you ever looked at government housing? If I could escape it and
my tax obligations by the simple expedient of deciding not to pay, I
would. You've just made taxes voluntary, twit.

@_date: 2000-10-26 10:17:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
References:  <20001025153635.C7732 <015c01c03ebf$8bad9b20$0100a8c0
Maybe. I spent a weekend with Pierre last week in the mountains north
of Montreal, and he nearly qualifies as a cypherpunk. I'll cite him as
an exception that proves my rule. :)

@_date: 2000-10-26 10:24:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Legislative approaches to ID theft? 
References: <4.3.0.20001025092433.00aca180 Yeah, the sappy Congressional Privacy Caucus ("we ignore government
violations") is having a press conference in an hour to talk about
this bill:
  I sent my intern.
Then there's the sappy media. I'll forward the complete note, but
one TV reporter just emailed me:
individuals who have experienced an invasion of privacy over the
Internet.  More specifically, we are looking for men and women, over
the age of eighteen, who have experienced: stolen identity,
exploitation of personal information, loss of job due to employer
monitoring employee9s emails, etc.  Our discussions with anyone who
responds to the posting would be strictly confidential unless he/she
gave written permission and agreed to an interview.

@_date: 2000-10-26 11:53:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Denver Judge rules Cops can seize bookstore records 
References:  Two thoughts:
* It is possible that "ordinary discovery" has gone too far in the
U.S. Shielded areas, such as bookstores protected by this view of the
1A, might be a good thing. * Richard Epstein has a nice piece in the May 2000 Stanford Law Review
(I was reading it last night). Epstein argues against "First Amendment
exceptionalism," which grants speech more protection than the common
law would afford. He says that creates weird side effects that prohibit
things like trespass to obtain private information but say (if such
info is leaked to a newspaper) that info can be published without,
generally, any recourse by the aggrieved party.
All of this may not be relevant once anonymous publishing -- or shall
I say consequence-less publishing? -- becomes more widespread.

@_date: 2000-10-26 22:46:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Hard Shelled ISP? 
References: You might want to check out what Lance is doing with his dialup accounts.
Anyone can pay him a few dollars a month (cash, money order is fine)
and get an anonymous account. That account can be configured to reject
unencrypted email (procmail) or use HTTPS only, or whatnot.
I think this solution already exists. anonymizer.com.

@_date: 2000-10-28 02:32:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Clinton signs executive order on workers & new economy 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                        Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                                          October 27,
                         STATEMENT BY THE PRESIDENT
      Today, I am pleased to sign an Executive Order creating a Commission
on Workers, Communities, and Economic Change in the New Economy.  I would
like to thank Representative Ken Bentsen for his leadership in helping
workers and communities adapt to the new economy and for working with my
Administration to form this Commission.
      International trade, technology, globalization, and the changing
nature of work present extraordinary new opportunities for Americans, but
can also create real disruptions for American workers and communities.
Vice President Gore and I have worked hard to empower workers and
communities to take advantage of the many opportunities in this new
economy, but there is still more we can do.  This Commission will undertake
a careful examination of the effectiveness of existing federal programs to
help workers and communities adjust to economic change, and will identify
the best practices of employers, communities, and public-private
partnerships that have responded successfully to economic dislocations.
The commission?s report, due next year, will help communities, employers,
and workers respond to and benefit from these changes in our economy.
                                  30-30-30

@_date: 2000-10-29 17:47:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
References: <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A3530555479F
This is amusing. If people were locked up for being gay, or black, or
somesuch, if there were such a law prohibiting those conditions on the
books, and a less statist president took office, you would presumably
oppose the pardoning of all such "criminals."
Oh, you wouldn't? Then you're not concerned about "checks and
balances," but you just don't like full drug legalization.

@_date: 2000-10-29 18:17:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
References: <59816DD7DAE9D11184E400104B66A3530555479B
Rush is clearly someone with too much time on his hands and too little
(demonstrated) ability to think things through. I apologize for being
uncharacteristically blunt, but the essay below is terribly
naive. You might as well try to draft C.J Parker for president.
First, political parties are not single-issue parties, at least not
right now. Education and taxes and health care will likely continue to
be more important in most people's lives than technology policy for
the foreseeable future.
Second, privacy is an amorphous issue. It's used by leftists to
regulate the private sector and outlaw transactions between consenting
adults. Liberals use it to talk about abortion. Conservatives link it
to everything from the FBI files under Clinton to Carnivore. What do
*you* mean? And why do you think everyone else is going to agree?
Third, there already is (as others have suggested) a party that's
concerned about personal freedom: the LP. If you mirror their
positions -- or even a substantial subset -- you will be similarly
marginalized. If not, don't look for support -- I humbly suggest --
on the cpunx list.
Fourth, nowadays it seems that political parties can be formed (Ross
Perot, Ralph Nader) or popularized only by a strong and well-known
personality. It will help if they're a billionaire. May I suggest a
recruiting trip to the Redmond suburbs?
Fifth, and perhaps most importantly, technology issues are an
outgrowth of a canadidates' general stand on regulation. If they don't
like taxes, you can bet they'll be against Internet taxes. If they're
a national security hawk, they'll probably like encryption and
supercomputer export regs. Etc.
Sixth, you don't seem to need a political party but a thinktank or
similar creature. Why not try that instead? I was thinking of starting
a nonproit group devoted to a subset of cypherpunkly topics; perhaps I
still will.

@_date: 2000-10-29 18:29:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ho to KICK OUT Junkbusters users 
References: <200010281619.LAA29112 <20001028201521.G9082
Interrupted downloads may be reported in Apache's error log...

@_date: 2000-10-30 10:10:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Parties 
t>
Ah, but they already have. Your beloved "checks and balances" don't work.

@_date: 2000-10-30 10:41:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: White House and Congress: Hard at work 
H.J.Res. 118 - Continuing Resolution FY 2001, (Continuing Resolution # 8
thru October 29, 2000)
           *Note: H.J.Res. 118 - Received and Signed today 10/28/2000)
H.R. 2780 Kristen's Act
H.R. 2884 To Extend Energy conservation Programs under the Energy Policy
and Conservation Act
H.R. 4404 U.S. Park Police Medical Expenses
H.R. 4957 Black Patriots Memorial Extension Act
H.R. 5083 Los Angeles School District Lands Act
H.R. 5157 Freedmen's Bureau Records Preservation Act of 2000
H.R. 5314 Adoption of Retired Military retired Dogs
H.R. 5331 Frederick douglas Memorial and Gardens Act
Last Day for the President's Action - 11/9/2000

@_date: 2000-10-30 11:30:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Parties 
t>
You certainly are an earnest fellow, but that doesn't get you very far. It seems to me that folks like you, who are college sophomores with the unfortunate experience of one or two undergraduate political science classes, don't have much to contribute to cypherpunkly discussions. Your points, such as they are, might be better made on alt.politics.banal-ideas.
* Don't seem to understand the nature of modern political parties
* Don't seem to understand the nature of checks and balances
* Don't seem to understand how Washington works, and the interplay between the legislative branch, executive branch, lobbyists, and advocacy groups
* Have not read the basic literature that would enable us to take you seriously
My participation in this sad discussion is now over, except that I will volunteer a reading list for you at some later point.

@_date: 2000-10-30 15:34:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Libertarians and political parties 
Speaking of such, here are some actual facts. I wrote about Rasmussen in a recent Wired article. Here's what their polls say:
                Earlier this year, Rasmussen Research conducted a survey
        measuring the electorate along a scale favored by many
        libertarians. This survey found 16% of American voters are
        functionally libertarian. However, only 2% of voters claim
        the title of libertarian to describe their own views.

@_date: 2000-10-30 17:45:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Why Bill Joy is elitist, myopic, and wrong 
Why Bill Joy is Elitist, Myopic, and Wrong
    By Lizard
    October 30, 2000
    The smallpox vaccine will cause people to turn into cows. Trains
    cannot be permitted to travel more than 20 miles per hour, or else
    the passengers will asphyxiate. The atomic bomb will detonate the
    entire atmosphere of Earth. The history of science is filled with
    dire predictions of the consequences of technology, few of which
    ever come true. (Granted, many of the more lofty hopes for
    technology likewise fail to appear. Where's my personal helicopter
    and laser gun, dammit?) But fear sells papers, which explains why
    Bill Joy is given far more column-inches than he deserves. (Joy,
    the cofounder of Sun Microsystems, spoke at a Camden
    Technology conference over the weekend.)
    The most distressing thing about his Luddite stand is the
    undercurrent of elitism which flows by without criticism. The
    common man must not be permitted access to the glorious fruits of
    science, he says, because out there among the teeming masses
    might be murderers and madmen. Well, we'd probably better make
    sure they don't get their hands on fire and the wheel, too -- who
    knows what might happen?
    Joy is wrong on a wide range of levels, but his most egregious
    error is that he has precisely the wrong solution to the alleged
    problem. If he fears the misuse of biotech or nanotech, the last
    thing that should be done is to turn these technologies into state
    secrets, because that puts the knowledge right into the hands of
    those with a history of using it for evil, namely, politicians.
    If something can be done, it will be done, and all that suppressing
    information will achieve is ensuring there is not ready access to
    counter-measures to whatever devious plots Joy's hypothetical
    supercriminals may devise. "Open sourcing" technology will all but
    guarantee that for every uber-anthrax, there's an uber-vaccine; for
    every bit of world-devouring grey-goo, there's something that will
    eat it even faster. Locking technology away is no solution. If the
    public knowledge base of the world has reached the point where
    one scientist can make the next breakthrough, then there are
    dozens of other scientists who can do likewise.
    And, of course, who will watch the watchers? We've already seen
    that secrets aren't: There are more leaks in the U.S. national
    security apparatus than in a Russian space station. Better to
    simply open it up and be done with it.
    There is nothing dehumanizing about the probable merger of flesh
    and silicon. It simply continues the path man began when the first
    barely-erect hairy ape realized a fist holding a rock got you more
    than a fist alone. From that moment on, we became defined by our
    tools. There is no point and no purpose in trying to stop now.
    Joy is fond of saying "the future doesn't need us." He is almost
    completely wrong. The future needs most of us. It's just that the
    future -- and the present -- doesn't need him.
To post your response or contact the author, visit:

@_date: 2000-10-31 17:14:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
References: <20001031130634.A15637
 <4.3.0.20001031100154.01638920
 <20001031130634.A15637
I spent perhaps half an hour on the phone with Austin Hill this afternoon. Here's what we discussed.
* I suggested that Freedom had been somewhat less than successful in the marketplace. (Out of 3,500 cypherpunks messages I have stored here, only one nym appears, and this is presumably one of the target audiences.) I suggested that this is a change of strategy for ZKS in an era where investors want profitability. Austin denied it, and said that over 100 engineers "right now" were still working on Freedom.
* I suggested the model they were moving toward was Andersen Consulting. Austin said no, "Verisign is the better analogy." He said one difference was that he anticipated ongoing licensing/fee arrangements between ZKS and clients after original work is complete.
* ZKS will offer to store keys. "That includes us holding encryption keys." Austin described the key-splitting the same way Adam has here. He refused to say whether or not a third-party (Joe's Escrow Service) would ever hold * ZKS appears to be targeting heavily-regulated areas like medical and financial sectors. They will come in, set up a privacy-protective system, perhaps provide some ongoing service, and (if so) collect ongoing fees. In those cases, "a consumer solution like Freedom allowing anonymity doesn't fit that market."
* Austin mentioned cell phones/wireless as a major area. He envisions services such as if you call 911, your info is revealed, but not when phoning other numbers.
* Tim below suggests that "Wouldn't a better approach be for Alice to protect her own privacy?" The answer, generally, is yes. I suspect the Brands patents can do much to that end. But Austin seems to be envisioning a market in which *some* third party in the transaction, be it a business, intermediary, or ZKS, possesses personal info about customers and only receives what is necessary.
I welcome responses.

@_date: 2000-09-07 21:53:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: BayFF Celebrates RSA Patent Expiration 9/11 7:30pm SFO Hyatt 
References: <3.0.5.32.20000906172950.00795830 There is something being worked on for DC. Dunno about Seattle.

@_date: 2000-09-08 19:16:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Clinton administration takes on Napster in court case 
The Clinton administration is siding with the entertainment industry
in its attempts to shut down Napster. It just filed a 37-page amicus
brief in the court case saying Napster can't use the Audio Home
Recording Act of 1992 ( as a
legal shield. The brief says "the activities of Napster's users do not
even arguably come within the terms of the statute" and the district
court's ruling should be upheld. The Justice Department, the Patent
and Trademark Office, and the Copyright Office signed the brief.  By
way of possible explanation, one of my colleagues has compiled
( a handy list
of entertainment industry contributions to Democrats. :)
                          NOS. 00-16401 & 00-16403
                   IN THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS
                           FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
                            ____________________
                         A&M RECORDS, INC., et al.
                           Plaintiffs-Appellants,
                                     v.
                               NAPSTER, INC.,
                            Defendant-Appellant.
                            ____________________
      JERRY LEIBER, individually and d/b/a JERRY LEIBER MUSIC, et al.,
                           Plaintiffs-Appellants,
                                     v.
                               NAPSTER, INC.,
                            Defendant-Appellant.
                            ____________________
              ON APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                  FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA
                            ____________________
                BRIEF FOR THE UNITED STATES AS AMICUS CURIAE
                            ____________________
   DAVID O. CARSON DAVID W. OGDEN
       General Counsel Assistant Attorney General
       J. KENT DUNLAP MARK B. STERN
   SCOTT R. McINTOSH
   United States Copyright Office Attorneys, Appellate Staff
   Library of Congress
   101 Independence Ave. S.E. Civil Division, Department of Justice
   Washington, D.C. 20540 601 D Street N.W., Room 9550
   Washington, D.C. 20520
   ALBIN F. DROST
   Acting General Counsel Counsel for the United States
   JUSTIN HUGHES
   United States Patent and Trademark Office
   P.O. Box 15667
   Arlington, VA 22215
   Of Counsel
                            SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT
   Section 1008 of the Audio Home Recording Act does not protect Napster
   from the plaintiffs' claims of copyright infringement. Section 1008
   was adopted to address a very different phenomenon - the noncommercial
   consumer use of digital audio recording devices, such as DAT tape
   decks, to perform "home taping" of musical recordings. Napster's
   effort to bring itself within the ambit of Section 1008 flouts the
   terms of the statute and conflicts with the basic policies of the Act.
   1.
   Section 1008 prohibits actions for copyright infringement based on:
   (1) the manufacture, importation, or distribution of "a digital audio
   recording device, a digital audio recording medium, an analog
   recording device, or an analog recording medium"; or (2) "the
   noncommercial use by a consumer of such a device or medium for making
   digital musical recordings or analog musical recordings." Although
   Napster insists that the activities of its users are protected by
   Section 1008, and that it therefore cannot be held accountable for
   contributory or vicarious infringement based on those activities,
   Napster's defense cannot possibly be squared with the actual terms of
   Section 1008.
   First, it is undisputed that Napster's users are not using any
   "device" or "medium" specified in Section 1008, and Section 1008
   applies only to consumer use of "such a device or medium." Second,
   when Napster's users create and store copies of music files on their
   computers' hard disks, they are not making "digital musical recordings
   or analog musical recordings" as those terms are defined in the Act.
   Third, Napster's users are engaged not only in copying musical
   recordings, but also in distributing such recordings to the public,
   and Section 1008 immunizes only noncommercial copying ("noncommercial
   use * * * for making digital musical recordings or analog musical
   recordings"), not public distribution. Fourth, unlike such copyright
   provisions as the fair use provision (17 U.S.C. =A7 107), Section 1008
   does not designate any use of copyrighted works as non-infringing; it
   merely bars "action[s] * * * alleging infringement" based on such
   uses. Assuming arguendo that Napster's users are otherwise engaged in
   acts of copyright infringement, nothing in Section 1008 purports to
   render those actions non-infringing, and hence the claims against
   Napster for contributory and vicarious infringement would remain
   unaffected even if Section 1008 did apply to Napster's users.
   2.
   The AHRA was intended by Congress to embody a compromise between the
   music industry on the one hand and the consumer electronics industry
   and consumer groups on the other. At the heart of that compromise is a
   quid pro quo: in exchange for allowing noncommercial consumer use of
   digital audio recording technology (Section 1008), the music industry
   receives financial compensation (Sections 1003-1007) and protection
   against serial copying (Section 1002). Permitting Napster to shelter
   itself behind Section 1008 would defeat this basic statutory quid pro
   quo: Napster's users would be permitted to engage in digital copying
   and public distribution of copyrighted works on a scale beggaring
   anything Congress could have imagined when it enacted the Act, yet the
   music industry would receive nothing in return because the products
   used by Napster and its users (computers and hard drives) are
   unquestionably not subject to the Act's royalty and serial copying
   provisions.
   Napster asserts that, despite the precision of the language in Section
   1008, Congress actually meant to provide immunity for all
   noncommercial consumer copying of music in digital or analog form,
   whether or not the copying fits within the terms of Section 1008.
   Nothing in the legislative history of the Act supports that argument.
   And nothing in RIAA v. Diamond Multimedia Systems Inc., 180 F.3d 1072
   (9th Cir. 1999), the decision on which Napster places principal
   reliance, supports the argument either. Section 1008 was not at issue
   in Diamond Multimedia, and nowhere does the case hold that Section
   1008 provides the kind of omnibus immunity for digital copying that
   Napster invokes here.
                                  ARGUMENT
    SECTION 1008 OF THE AUDIO HOME RECORDING ACT OF 1992 DOES NOT EXCUSE
                         NAPSTER FROM LIABILITY FOR
                           COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
   Napster asserts that Section 1008 of the Audio Home Recording Act
   provides its users with immunity from liability for copyright
   infringement and, in so doing, relieves Napster itself from any
   derivative liability for contributory or vicarious infringement. The
   district court was correct to reject that defense. Napster's
   invocation of Section 1008 is flatly inconsistent with the terms of
   the statute and the legislative policies that underlie the AHRA.
   Accordingly, if Napster is otherwise liable under the copyright laws,
   Section 1008 does not relieve Napster of liability.
   A. Napster's Immunity Defense Is Foreclosed by the Plain Language of
       Section 1008
   "The 'starting point for interpreting a statute is the language of the
   statute itself.'" Exxon Mobil Corp. v. United States Environmental
   Protection Agency, 217 F.3d 1246, 1249 (9th Cir. 2000) (quoting
   Consumer Product Safety Commission v. GTE Sylvania, Inc., 447 U.S.
   102, 108 (1980)). Napster's discussion of Section 1008 is notably
   selective about following this rule. Napster correctly points out that
   the introductory language of Section 1008 - "[n]o action may be
   brought under this title alleging infringement of copyright" - makes
   Section 1008 potentially applicable to any infringement action under
   Title 17, not just an action under the AHRA itself. But Napster
   conspicuously fails to address the remaining language of Section 1008,
   and makes no effort to explain how that language can be read to
   protect Napster's users or Napster itself.
   Napster's reluctance to come to grips with the statutory language is
   understandable, because the activities of Napster's users do not even
   arguably come within the terms of the statute. Not only does the
   language of Section 1008 foreclose Napster's immunity defense, but it
   does so in four separate and independent ways. Napster's argument thus
   depends on a wholesale disregard of what Section 1008 actually says.
   1. Napster's Users Are Not Using Any of the "Devices" or "Media"
       Covered by Section 1008
   Section 1008 identifies four specific kinds of products whose
   manufacture, distribution, and noncommercial use Congress wished to
   shield from actions for copyright infringement. Those products are
   "[1] a digital audio recording device, [2] a digital audio recording
   medium, [3] an analog recording device, or [4] an analog recording
   medium." 17 U.S.C. =A7 1008. Section 1008 prohibits actions for
   copyright infringement based on "the manufacture, importation, or
   distribution" of these four types of devices and media. Section 1008
   also prohibits actions for copyright infringement based on "the
   noncommercial use by a consumer of such a device or medium" for making
   digital or analog musical recordings.
   Nothing in the language of Section 1008 purports to grant
   manufacturers, distributors, or consumers any immunity with respect to
   products other than the devices and media specified in Section 1008
   itself. To the contrary, if an action for infringement does not
   involve the specified devices or media, it falls outside the scope of
   Section 1008 altogether. By its terms, Section 1008 protects consumers
   only from infringement actions that are based on "noncommercial use
   * * * of such a device or medium" (emphasis added). If an infringement
   action rests on consumer use of other products, Section 1008 on its
   face has no applicability to such an action.
   In this case, the plaintiffs' copyright claims are not based on the
   use of any of the devices or media covered by the terms of Section
   1008. Napster's users exchange music by using personal computers to
   locate and transfer files from one computer hard disk to another.
   Neither a personal computer nor its hard disk constitutes "a digital
   audio recording device, a digital audio recording medium, an analog
   recording device, or an analog recording medium." Napster itself does
   not suggest otherwise.
   The terms "digital audio recording device" and "digital audio
   recording medium" are specifically defined in the Act. A "digital
   audio recording device" is defined, with exceptions not relevant here,
   as any machine or device "the digital recording function of which is
   designed or marketed for the primary purpose of, and that is capable
   of, making a digital audio copied recording for private use." 17
   U.S.C. =A7 1001(3) (emphasis added). A "digital audio recording medium"
   is defined (again with inapplicable exceptions) as "any material
   object * * * that is primarily marketed or most commonly used by
   consumers for the purpose of making digital audio copied recordings by
   use of a digital audio recording device." Id. =A7 1001(4)(A) (emphasis
   added).
   This Court has already held that the statutory definition of "digital
   audio recording device" does not reach personal computers and their
   hard drives. RIAA v. Diamond Multimedia Systems Inc., 180 F.3d 1072,
   1078 (9th Cir. 1999). Although personal computers are "capable of"
   making "digital audio copied recordings," neither they nor their hard
   drives are "designed or marketed for the primary purpose of" making
   such recordings. Ibid. For similar reasons, hard drives fall outside
   the statutory definition of "digital audio recording medium," since
   they are not "primarily marketed or most commonly used * * * for the
   purpose of" making such recordings. Unlike "digital audio recording
   device" and "digital audio recording medium," the terms "analog
   recording device" and "analog recording medium" are not expressly
   defined in the Act. Congress presumably had in mind the analog
   counterparts to digital audio recording devices and media - for
   example, traditional analog tape decks and analog recording tapes.
   Whatever the precise scope of these terms, however, they cannot
   encompass personal computers and their hard drives, because computers
   process and store information in digital rather than analog form.
   Thus, Napster users are not even arguably using any of the devices and
   media referred to in Section 1008.
   2. Napster's Users Are Not Making "Digital Musical Recordings" Or
       "Analog Musical Recordings"
   Section 1008 protects the noncommercial consumer use of digital and
   analog recording devices and media for making "digital musical
   recordings or analog musical recordings." 17 U.S.C. =A7 1008. Even if
   Napster's users were using the specified devices or media, they are
   not making "digital musical recordings" or "analog musical
   recordings." Their activities fall outside the scope of Section 1008
   for that reason as well.
   The Act defines a "digital musical recording" as "a material object
   * * * in which are fixed, in a digital recording format, only sounds,
   and material, statements, or instructions incidental to those fixed
   sounds, if any * * * ." 17 U.S.C. =A7 1001(5)(A)(i) (emphasis added).
   The definition goes on to exclude, among other things, "a material
   object * * * in which one or more computer programs are fixed * * * ."
   Id. =A7 1001(5)(B)(ii).
   Napster's users copy music files to their computers' hard drives. Hard
   drives store data of all kinds, from word processing files to
   multimedia files, and they ordinarily store computer programs as well.
   As a result, hard drives fall outside the statutory definition of
   "digital musical recording" in two respects: first, they are not
   objects in which "only sounds" are "fixed," and second, they are
   objects in which "one or more computer programs are fixed." See
   Diamond Multimedia, 180 F.3d at 1076 ("a hard drive is a material
   object in which one or more programs are fixed; thus, a hard drive is
   excluded from the definition of digital musical recordings").
   Unlike "digital musical recording," "analog musical recording" is not
   a defined term under the Act. However, just as a computer's hard drive
   cannot be an "analog recording medium" (see p. 15 supra), neither can
   it be (or be used to store) an "analog musical recording," because
   hard drives store data in digital rather than analog form. Thus,
   Napster's users cannot be claimed to be making either "digital musical
   recordings" or "analog musical recordings" - and if a consumer is not
   making a digital or analog musical recording, the terms of Section
   1008 do not provide him with any immunity.
   3. Section 1008 Provides Immunity Only for Noncommercial Copying, Not
       for Public Distribution
   The Copyright Act grants the owner of a copyright a number of distinct
   legal rights. See 17 U.S.C. =A7 106(1)-(5). The most widely known right
   is the right of reproduction - the "exclusive right * * * to reproduce
   the copyrighted work in copies or phonorecords." Id. =A7 106(1).
   However, the Copyright Act also grants the copyright holder a separate
   and distinct right of public distribution - the "exclusive right * * *
   to distribute copies or phonorecords of the copyrighted work to the
   public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or
   lending." Id. =A7 106(3).
   The plaintiffs assert not only infringements on the right of
   reproduction, but also infringements on the right of public
   distribution. In the proceedings below, Napster stated that it has at
   least 20 million users, all of whom are able to use Napster's service
   to access and download music files containing copyrighted sound
   recordings. When a Napster user makes the music files on his or her
   hard drive available for downloading by other Napster users, he or she
   is distributing the files to the public at large. Cf. Michaels v.
   Internet Entertainment Group, Inc., 5 F. Supp. 2d 823, 830-31 (C.D.
   Cal.1998); Playboy Enterprises, Inc. v. Webbworld, Inc., 991 F. Supp.
   543, 551 (N.D. Tex. 1997), aff'd mem., 168 F.3d 486 (5th Cir. 1999);
   Marobie-Fl, Inc. v. Nat'l Ass'n of Fire and Equip. Distributors and
   Northwest Nexus, Inc., 983 F. Supp. 1167, 1173 (N.D. Ill. 1997).
   To the extent that Napster users are engaged in the distribution of
   copyrighted works to the public at large, such activity falls outside
   the scope of Section 1008. The language of Section 1008 is directed at
   uses that infringe on the right of reproduction, not at uses that
   infringe on the right of public distribution. By its terms, Section
   1008 only bars infringement actions "based on the noncommercial use"
   of the specified products "for making digital musical recordings or
   analog musical recordings" - in other words, for making copies of the
   music. Section 1008 makes no reference, and provides no possible
   defense, to infringement claims based on the public distribution of
   copied works. Thus, even if it were proper to treat the use of
   Napster's service for the public dissemination of copyrighted music as
   a "noncommercial" consumer use, which is far from clear, it is not the
   use at which the terms of Section 1008 are directed - the "making [of]
   digital musical recordings or analog musical recordings."
   4. Section 1008 Does Not Transform Infringing Consumer Uses Into
       Non-Infringing Ones
   As the foregoing discussion shows, the language of Section 1008 cannot
   be read to encompass the activities of Napster's users. But even if
   Section 1008 did apply to Napster's users, it would not provide
   Napster itself with a defense to liability for contributory or
   vicarious infringement. That is because the terms of Section 1008
   address only whether consumers can be sued for infringement; nothing
   in Section 1008 addresses or changes whether they are engaged in
   infringement.
   When Congress has chosen to make particular uses of copyrighted works
   non-infringing, it traditionally has said so expressly. For example,
   the fair use provision of the Copyright Act provides that "the fair
   use of a copyrighted work * * * is not an infringement of copyright."
   17 U.S.C. =A7 107 (emphasis added). Congress has spoken with equal
   clarity regarding other uses. See, e.g., id. =A7 108 ("it is not an
   infringement of copyright" for library or archive to reproduce single
   copies of works under specified conditions); id. =A7 110 (specified
   performances and displays of works "are not infringements of
   copyright"); id. =A7 117 ("it is not an infringement" for owner of copy
   of computer program to make an additional copy for, inter alia,
   archival purposes).
   In contrast, Section 1008 of the AHRA conspicuously does not say that
   the activities it describes "are not an infringement of copyright."
   Instead, Section 1008 provides only that "[n]o action may be brought
   under this title alleging infringement of copyright" based on such
   activities. The legislative record indicates that this language
   reflects a deliberate decision by Congress to relieve consumers from
   the threat of copyright liability without altering the underlying
   contours of the copyright laws or resolving the legal debate over the
   legality of home taping. In the words of the Senate Report
   :
       [S]ection 1002 [now Section 1008] provides only that certain
       copyright infringement actions are precluded. The section does not
       purport to resolve, nor does it resolve, whether the underlying
       conduct is or is not infringement. The committee intends the
       immunity from lawsuits to provide full protection against the
       specified types of copyright infringement actions, but it has not
       addressed the underlying copyright infringement issue * * * .
   Senate Report at 52 (emphasis added).
   Thus, assuming for present purposes that Napster's users are engaged
   in copyright infringement, their actions would remain infringing even
   if Section 1008 were applicable to them, since Section 1008 does not
   purport to address the underlying issue of infringement. And if
   Section 1008 does not transform the actions of Napster's users into
   non-infringing uses, then it cannot provide shelter to Napster itself.
   In invoking Section 1008, Napster has argued that it cannot be liable
   for contributory or vicarious infringement if its users are not
   themselves engaged in infringement. Once it is recognized that Section
   1008 does not alter whether the consumer uses that it addresses are
   infringing, Napster's argument falls apart.
   It is noteworthy in this regard that Section 1008 expressly provides
   immunity not only for the specified noncommercial consumer use of
   digital and analog recording devices and media, but also for the
   manufacture and distribution of such products. Napster's argument
   assumes that the immunity conferred on consumers is sufficient by
   itself to preclude liability for contributory or vicarious
   infringement on the part of the firms whose products are being used.
   But if that were the case, then there would have been no reason for
   Congress to include distinct immunity protection for manufacturers in
   Section 1008 itself, and the manufacturer immunity language in Section
   1008 would serve no purpose. Napster's argument thus
   conflicts with the elementary principle that "legislative enactments
   should not be construed to render their provisions mere surplusage."
   Dunn v. CFTC, 519 U.S. 465, 472 (1997). The fact that Congress found
   it necessary to extend an express statutory grant of immunity to
   manufacturers, as well as to consumers, confirms that Congress did not
   regard consumer immunity from suit as sufficient by itself to insulate
   other parties from liability for contributory or vicarious
   infringement.
       B. Napster's Reliance on Section 1008 Is Inconsistent With the
       Policies Underlying the AHRA
   In Diamond Multimedia, this Court observed that it "need not resort to
   the legislative history [when] the statutory language is clear." 180
   F.3d at 1076. Given the clarity with which the language of Section
   1008 prescribes (and circumscribes) the scope of statutory immunity
   under the AHRA, and given Napster's manifest inability to bring this
   case within the language of the statute, resort to the legislative
   history of the AHRA is therefore unnecessary. Nevertheless, if
   recourse is had to the legislative history, it reinforces the
   conclusion that Section 1008 does not protect Napster. Far from
   advancing the policies of the AHRA, Napster's invocation of Section
   1008 is directly contrary to those policies.
   1. Napster's Invocation of Section 1008 Upsets the Quid Pro Quo That
       Underlies the Act
   The legislative history of the AHRA makes clear that the Act was
   intended by Congress to embody the compromise agreement reached in
   1991 between the music industry on the one hand and the consumer
   electronics industry and consumer groups on the other. See, e.g.,
   Senate Report at 34 ("the competing parties have, through negotiation
   and compromise, reached an agreement which all parties involved feel
   is equitable," and the legislation "reflects this agreement"); House
   Report at 13, reprinted in 1992 USCCAN at 3583 (the Act "preserves the
   essentials of the agreement").
   As explained above, the compromise underlying the Act involves a basic
   quid pro quo. In exchange for accepting the marketing of digital audio
   recording technology and the use of such technology for noncommercial
   home taping, the music industry receives financial compensation
   (through the Act's royalty system) and protection against serial
   copying. This quid pro quo was central to the agreement and the
   legislation that embodies it. See, e.g., Senate Report at 30
   (summarizing the purpose and basic elements of the legislation).
   Construing Section 1008 to protect Napster would mean repudiating,
   rather than preserving, the quid pro quo underlying the Act. On the
   one hand, Napster would be permitted to facilitate the copying and
   distribution of copyrighted sound recordings on a scale far surpassing
   the "home taping" that Congress foresaw when it enacted the AHRA. On
   the other hand, the products employed by Napster and its users -
   computers and their hard drives -- are not subject to royalty payments
   (by Napster or anyone else) and are not required to be equipped with
   anti-serial copying circuitry, because the royalty and serial copying
   provisions of the Act apply only to "digital audio recording devices"
   and "digital audio recording media," and as shown above, those terms
   exclude computers and hard drives. 17 U.S.C. =A7=A7 1002(a), 1003(a),
   1004; see p. 15 supra. As a result, the music industry would bear the
   burdens of the statute without receiving the corresponding benefits.
   The legislative history makes clear that the Act's exclusion of
   computers and hard drives was the product of a deliberate choice by
   Congress. See, e.g., Senate Report at 48 ("a personal computer whose
   recording function is designed and marketed primarily for the
   recording of data and computer programs * * * would [not] qualify as a
   'digital audio recording device'"). In invoking Section 1008, Napster
   is inviting this Court to countermand that legislative choice, and to
   do so in a way that undoes the reciprocal nature of the Act's digital
   recording provisions. That invitation should be declined.
   2. Section 1008 Was Not Intended To Immunize All Consumer Copying of
       Musical Recordings
   Section 1008 identifies with precision the consumer activity that
   Congress meant to shelter from copyright infringement suits: "the
   noncommercial use by a consumer of such a device or medium for making
   digital musical recordings or analog musical recordings." 17 U.S.C.
   =A7 1008. Despite the precision of this language, Napster asserts that
   Congress actually intended to immunize "all noncommercial consumer
   copying of music in digital or analog form" (Napster Brief at 20),
   whether or not the copying comes within the terms of Section 1008. But
   Napster has identified nothing in the limited legislative history of
   Section 1008 that supports this argument or overcomes the explicit
   language of the statute.
   The following passage from the House Report on the Act is
   representative of the legislative history regarding Section 1008:
   Section 1008 covers one of the critical components of the legislation:
       exemptions from liability for suit under title 17 for home taping
       of copyrighted musical works and sound recordings, and for
       contributory infringement actions under title 17 against
       manufacturers, importers, and distributors of digital and analog
       recording devices and recording media. In the case of home taping,
       the exemption protects all noncommercial copying by consumers of
       digital and analog musical recordings. Manufacturers, importers,
       and distributors of digital and analog recording devices and media
       have a complete exemption from copyright infringement claims based
       on the manufacture, importation, or distribution of such devices.
   House Report at 24, reprinted in 1992 USCCAN at 3594 (emphasis added).
   The highlighted references to "home taping" suggest, not surprisingly,
   that Congress meant to address the problem that gave rise to the AHRA
   - the introduction and use of DAT tape decks and similar digital
   taping technology (see pp. 3-5 supra). There is no indication that
   Congress also meant to cover other kinds of devices and media that
   fall outside the terms of Section 1008. To the contrary, the
   legislative history reiterates the message conveyed by the language of
   the statute itself: Congress meant to "extend[] protection to users of
   such audio recording devices and media by prohibiting copyright
   infringement actions based on the use of such devices and media" to
   make musical recordings. Senate Report at 51 (emphasis added). In
   short, the legislative history confirms that Congress meant what it
   said in Section 1008 - and what Congress said cannot be reconciled
   with what Napster is seeking.
   3. The Legislative History of Statutes Other Than the AHRA is
   Irrelevant
   In construing the scope of Section 1008, Napster attempts to rely on
   the legislative history of two statutes other than the AHRA - the
   Record Rental Amendment Act of 1984 and the Computer Software Rental
   Amendment Act of 1990. See Napster Brief at 23-24. Napster argues that
   Congress's treatment of "commercial" lending of phonorecords and
   computer software under those two statutes is consistent with
   Napster's reading of Section 1008. The short answer is that this case
   involves the meaning of the AHRA, not the meaning of other statutes.
   Napster's invocation of Section 1008 cannot be sustained on the basis
   of Section 1008's own language and legislative history; a fortiori, it
   cannot be sustained by resort to the language and legislative history
   of unrelated statutes. The Record Rental Amendment Act and the
   Computer Software Rental Amendment Act were both enacted prior to the
   AHRA, and they address entirely different subjects. Neither their
   language nor their legislative history purports to address the meaning
   of Section 1008 in any way.
   C. Diamond Multimedia Does Not Resolve the AHRA Immunity Question At
       Issue in This Case
   Napster suggests that this Court's decision in Diamond Multimedia
   confirms Napster's reading of Section 1008. It does not. The meaning
   and applicability of Section 1008 were not at issue in Diamond
   Multimedia, and nothing that the Court decided in Diamond Multimedia
   in any way requires the Court to accept Napster's Section 1008 defense
   in this case.
   Diamond Multimedia
   involved a suit under the AHRA by the recording industry against the
   manufacturer of the Rio portable music player, a "Walkman-like" device
   that plays MP3 music files. The recording industry claimed that the
   Rio player is a "digital audio recording device" and therefore is
   subject to the Act's royalty and serial copying provisions. Based on
   that claim, the recording industry sought to enjoin the manufacture
   and distribution of the Rio player and to compel Rio's manufacturer
   (Diamond) to make royalty payments under the Act. This Court rejected
   the industry claim, holding that the Rio player does not come within
   the Act's definition of a "digital audio recording device" and
   therefore is not subject to the Act's royalty and serial copying
   requirements. 180 F.3d at 1075-1081.
   Diamond Multimedia
   was not an action for copyright infringement. Because Section 1008 of
   the AHRA applies only to "action[s] * * * under this title alleging
   infringement of copyright," it was facially irrelevant to Diamond's
   liability, and Diamond never invoked Section 1008 as a defense.
   Accordingly, the Court was not called on to decide whether Section
   1008 protected Diamond itself, much less whether or how Section 1008
   may protect defendants in other cases that (unlike Diamond Multimedia)
   involve claims of copyright infringement.
   Napster relies on a single passage from the Court's opinion in Diamond
   Multimedia:
   As the Senate Report explains, "[t]he purpose of [the Act] is to
       ensure the right of consumers to make analog or digital audio
       recordings of copyrighted music for their private, noncommercial
       use." S. Rep. 102-294, at *86 (emphasis added). The Act does so
       through its home taping exemption, see 17 U.S.C. =A7 1008, which
       "protects all noncommercial copying by consumers of digital and
       analog musical recordings," H.R. Rep. 102-873(I), at *59.
   180 F.3d at 1079 (emphasis in original).
   To the extent that this passage speaks to the meaning of Section 1008,
   it is no more than dictum, since Section 1008 was not at issue in the
   case. In any event, nothing in the passage is in any way inconsistent
   with the proposition that Section 1008 means what it says. The passage
   merely quotes excerpts from the House and Senate Reports regarding the
   purpose of the Act in general and Section 1008 in particular. As shown
   above, when the legislative history is considered in its entirety, it
   directly supports, rather than refutes, the conclusion that Section
   1008 does not protect Napster or its users. Accordingly, nothing in
   Diamond Multimedia provides refuge for Napster in this case.
                                 CONCLUSION
   For the foregoing reasons, the district court's holding that Section
   1008 of the Audio Home Recording Act does not excuse Napster from
   liability is correct and should be affirmed.
   Respectfully submitted,
   DAVID O. CARSON DAVID W. OGDEN
       General Counsel Assistant Attorney General
       J. KENT DUNLAP MARK B. STERN
   SCOTT R. McINTOSH
   United States Copyright Office Attorneys, Appellate Staff
   Library of Congress
   101 Independence Ave. S.E. Civil Division, Department of Justice
   Washington, D.C. 20540 601 D Street N.W., Room 9550
   Washington, D.C. 20520
   ALBIN F. DROST
   Acting General Counsel Counsel for the United States
   JUSTIN HUGHES
   United States Patent and Trademark Office
   P.O. Box 15667
   Arlington, VA 22215
   Of Counsel
   September 8, 2000
                         CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE
   Pursuant to Fed. R. App. P. 29(d)and Ninth Circuit Rule 32-1, I
   certify that the attached amicus brief is proportionately spaced, has
   a typeface of 14 points or more and contains 7000 words or less.
   _________________________
       Scott R. McIntosh
                           CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
   I certify that on September 8, 2000, I filed and served the foregoing
   BRIEF FOR THE UNITED STATES AS AMICUS CURIAE by causing an original
   and 15 copies to be filed with the Clerk of the Court by overnight
   mail and by causing copies to be served on the following counsel by
   overnight mail and (where indicated) by fax:
   Carey R. Ramos
   Aidan Synnott
   Michael Keats
   Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison
   1285 Avenue of the Americas
   New York, NY 10019-6064
   (212) 373-3000
   (OVERNIGHT MAIL AND FAX)
   Russell J. Frackman
   Jeffrey D. Goldman
   George M. Borkowski
   Drew E. Breuder
   Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp
   11377 W Olympic Blvd
   Los Angeles, CA 90064
   (310) 312-2000
   (OVERNIGHT MAIL AND FAX)
   William M. Hart
   Eric J. German
   Frank P. Schibilia
   Carla M. Miller
   Hank L. Goldsmith
   Leon P. Gold
   Lawrence L. Weinstein
   Proskauer Rose LLP
   1585 Broadway
   New York, NY 10036
   (212) 969-3000
   Hadrian R. Katz
   (202) 942-5000
   Arnold & Porter
   555 Twelfth Street, NW
   Washington, DC 20004
   Steven B. Fabrizio
   1330 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
   Suite 300
   Washington, DC 20036
   202-775-0101
   Lisa M. Arent
   Melinda M. Morton
   Michael A. Brille
   Samuel A. Kaplan
   William Jackson
   Seth A. Goldberg
   Fenwick & West LLP
   Two Palo Alto Sq Ste 800
   Palo Alto, CA 94306
   650-494-0600
   (BY OVERNIGHT MAIL AND FAX)
   Laurence F. Pulgram
   Kathryn J. Fritz
   Fenwick & West LLP
   275 Battery Street
   15th Floor
   San Francisco, CA 94111
   415-875-2300
   (BY OVERNIGHT MAIL AND FAX)
   David Boies
   Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP
   80 Business Park Drive
   Suite 110
   Armonk, NY 10504
   (914) 273-9800
   (BY OVERNIGHT MAIL AND FAX)
   Albert P. Bedecarre
   Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver &
   Hedges, LLP
   2479 East Bayshore Road
   Suite 820
   Palo Alto, CA 94303
   650-494-3900
   Hannah Bentley
   394 Scenic Avenue
   San Anselmo, CA 94960
   _________________________
   Scott R. McIntosh

@_date: 2000-09-12 23:34:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
[A veteran free speech activist in Cambridge, Mass. sent me this. Any offers of mirroring should go to the list, where I assume they'll be duly forwarded. I wonder how long the HTML files in question here would last on a Geocities/etc account. --Declan]
Hi Declan,
I know you're aware of the case of Curley v. NAMBLA, which has very
serious First Amendment implications. Jeffrey Curley was a 10-year-old
who was murdered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in October of 1997. The
parents are alleging that the murderers were driven by NAMBLA literature
in general and specifically by the contents of NAMBLA's web site. After
the suit was filed in May of this year, the current NAMBLA web site was
taken down.
Frisoli, the Curley lawyer, has been making very outrageous and false
statements about what was on the web site. Because the media has no
access to the site, no one can contradict him. A vicious media war is
now being waged against the ACLU and other free-expression advocates for
defending freedom of expression in this case. Few reporters seem even
interested in finding out the contents of NAMBLA literature or the
contents of the web site as of 10/97. But even if a fair-minded reporter
did have this interest, he or she would be out of luck. Printed material
from NAMBLA is difficult to find. Members of NAMBLA will speak to the
press only under conditions of strict anonymity because they fear for
their lives. And the web site is not accessible.
I am not a NAMBLA member, but I believe that the First Amendment applies
to them. I have obtained the web files as of 10/97. I don't wish to put
them up myself for a variety of reasons. First of all, my ISP might make
me take them down. Also, I am involved in another case which I don't
want tarred with the NAMBLA brush. There is no court injunction against
the publication of the materials. But a site outside the US might be
best in any case.
Anyway, if you can help me find someone to take the files and put them
up, please let me know.

@_date: 2000-09-13 00:31:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: USA.net proxy: heh-heh-heh 
References: <200009122144.RAA03630
Interesting. I'm behind on stuff, having come back recently from two
weeks at Burning Man and in SF, and organizing my patent expiration
party. I'm only skimming threads right now. --Declan

@_date: 2000-09-13 09:59:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Bioterror in DC: Banning production of such weapons 
HOUSE GOVERNMENT REFORM COMMITTEE
Biological Weapons Convention
National Security, Veterans Affairs, and International Relations Subcommittee
hearing to examine the status of negotiations to develop an enforcement
protocol to the Biological Weapons Convention (BWC) prohibiting the
development, production and stockpiling of such weapons.
Witnesses: Ambassador Donald Mahley, special negotiator,
     Chemical and Biological Arms Control, State
     Department; representatives from General Accounting
     Office, Defense Department, and Commerce Department
Location: 2154 Rayburn House Office Building. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-225-5074

@_date: 2000-09-14 07:47:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
Perhaps an analogy might help make the general case for support of free
We may not like what our neighbor is doing with his lawn or house. But it
is in our best interests, generally speaking, to defend his property
rights from new laws and regulations because tomorrow our home could be at

@_date: 2000-09-15 15:08:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
References: May I humbly suggest that the below legal opinion may be something less than complete and reliable?

@_date: 2000-09-20 12:27:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CueCat tells tales... 
Peter, this deal was inked by Wired magazine's marketing folks, and I have precisely zero contact with them. In other words, I have no clue, but can probably forward you in the right direction. --Declan

@_date: 2000-09-20 14:19:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Washington, DC RSA patent expiration party TONIGHT 
We may not be sponsored by a half-dozen dot coms, but we're going to have even more fun. :) If you're in the DC area, join us to toast the official end of the patent at midnight tonight. --Declan
                Peter Wayner and Declan McCullagh
                             present
               The End of Patent 4,405,829 Party
                 Wednesday, September 20, 2000
              7 pm 'til the official end at midnight
                 in Adams Morgan, Washington, DC
Why: Some say that US Patent 4,405,829 suppressed a wonderful
technology by giving one company a monopoly on an algorithm. Others
say that the patent ensured that there was sufficient financial
backing that helped develop the technology. RSA did use its legal
rights under the patent to pressure Phil Zimmermann when he developed
PGP. In any case, the debate is now over. Come celebrate the algorithm
developed by Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Len Adleman that gave us
privacy and authentication for the web.
To RSVP and for directions, email declan at well.com or pcw at flyzone.com

@_date: 2000-09-22 21:06:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Treasury Department worries about ecash, anonymity 
Feds: Digital Cash Can Thwart Us
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    3:00 a.m. Sep. 22, 2000 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- A Treasury Department report warns that technologies
    such as the Internet and electronic cash could thwart the federal
    government's efforts to conduct surveillance of bank and credit card
    transactions.
    The internal strategic plan predicts that technology may help law
    enforcement by allowing agents to assemble ever-growing databases of
    Americans' financial activities, but it can also provide more
    anonymity than ever before.
    Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) prepared the
    36-page document, which was obtained by Wired News.
    It says: "The development of new technologies -- such as electronic
    cash, electronic purses, Internet or smartcard based electronic
    payment systems, and Internet banking -- is increasing the ability of
    individuals to rapidly transfer large sums of money, and could pose a
    challenge for FinCEN and other law enforcement agencies combating
    money laundering."
    [...]

@_date: 2000-09-22 22:22:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: RISKS 
References: <00a401c024b6$c2c40d10$4801a8c0
Carl is most certainly not an idiot. In fact, there might be a reasonable
argument for this: You're changing the defaults of a contract by specifying
what should be interpreted as reasonable authentication or not. Still,
I don't agree with it, and it's something that should be left up to the
courts, not Washingtonians and their lobbyists.

@_date: 2000-09-23 00:02:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Chaumian cash redux 
At 15:52 9/22/2000 -0400, R. A. Hettinga forwarded:
Well, I wasn't there -- we still were recovering from our own east coast bash the day before... But here's some stuff (below) that might be interesting.
First, an article that appeared in the September 20, 2000 issue of American Banker. You'll recall that circa May 1999, Drew Hyatt and other folks bought the 16 patents from Digicash/Chaum and formed eCash Technologies. Excerpt from article:
Joseph Nocera, editor-at-large at Fortune, is a smart fellow and a good interviewer. I know him from when I was also at Time Inc. He wrote in the August 2000 issue of Money magazine:

@_date: 2000-09-26 12:36:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: RE: CRYPTIC SEDUCTION -- CYPHERPUNK SPECIAL 
We ran a review of it at Wired, and I showed it at my CFP'99 event. It's worth buying, if just for the this-is-a-first-and-sort-of-strange value.

@_date: 2000-09-26 14:33:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Meth bill resurfaces on Capitol Hill 
Methamphetamine Bill Resurfaces on Capitol Hill
    posted by cicero on Saturday September 23,     from the accelerating-speed-bill dept.
    Everyone thought the Methamphetamine Anti-Proliferation Act
    had died this summer, but a source close to the issue tells us the
    Senate has resurrected this nasty bit of legislation. Among other
    things, the bill would ban links to drug-related websites. It didn't
    quite get enough momentum on its own, so some of our more censorhappy
    congresscritters attached it to the entirely unrelated Bankruptcy
    Reform Act, part of which could allow police to conduct secret
    searches of your home. That bill is currently before a conference
    committee, which has only about a week left to finish it before
    Congress adjourns for the year. You may want to contact your
    legislators before it's too late.

@_date: 2000-09-26 18:15:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Liechtenstein ends anonymous bank accounts 
Liechtenstein Formally Announce End Of Anonymous Accounts From October 1st
by Ulrika Lomas, Tax-news.com, Brussels 25/09/00
The cards have been on the table for some time, and now the moment has
come for Liechtenstein, finally, to close the door on banking anonymity.
Liechtenstein Bankers Association announced at the end of last week that
their formal agreement to comply with, and enforce, the abolition of
anonymity will take effect from October 1st... [snip]
The Liechtenstein Bankers Association has stated that its members hope to
complete their checks by the end of next year, but it does stress,
unequivocably, that any further account details will remain under normal
banking secrecy agreements. Even so, the Bankers Association says it
expects some clients may refuse to reveal their identity and choose to
withdraw their funds.
The new system of identifying the names of depositors, known as "Know Your
Customer", has been in force for some time but is currently non-obligatory
until October 1st that is.
Just as the demise of the anonymous account will be mourned by many an
investor, so too will it be welcomed by institutions such as the OECD and
FATF... [snip]
The pressure placed on Liechtenstein by the FATF has played a major part in
removing banking anonymity, but there remains some tax jurisdictions
Europe which will welcome depositors money without compromising their
identity. However, given the mounting international scrutiny and the
implementation of anti-money laundering initiatives, times are changing and
perhaps it is just a question of time before they begin to come under the
amount of pressure as Liechtenstein.

@_date: 2000-09-28 01:08:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
References: To respond to Ray's original message:
I've done the searches and come up with nothing. What URL should I
be looking at?
I'm quite interested in exposing any wrongdoing here, both personally
and professionally. Check out my back articles
( for stuff I've
written that's relevant here.
My PGP key is on the servers; Wired's phone number is in the Washington DC
phone book.
Wired News

@_date: 2000-09-28 10:43:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: DoD biochem panel today in DC 
one in a series...
TERRORIST ATTACKS
Defense Department (DOD), Office of the Secretary of Defense (F.R. Page 53988)
Meeting of the Panel to Assess the Capabilities for Domestic Response
to Terrorist Attacks Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction, to run
September 28-29.
Location: Executive Conference Center, Library of Virginia,
     800 East Broad St., Richmond, VA. 8:30 a.m.
Contact: 703-413-1100 extension 5282

@_date: 2000-09-29 11:15:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Vint Cerf and Robert Kahn defend Al Gore 
Did Al Gore Really Invent the Internet?
    posted by cicero on Friday September 29,     from the resuscitating-al-gore's-image dept.
    As the election nears, Net-pioneers Vint Cerf and Robert Kahn
    are busy defending Al Gore. The veep's invented-here crack
    about creating the Internet, they claim in their article attached
    below, has been terribly misunderstood. Now, we're fans of the
    TCP/IP-inventing duo, but it's been a long time in political ecology
    since Cerf famously joked 15 years ago in parody RFC968 that: "Twas
    the night before start-up and all through the net, not a packet was
    moving; no bit nor octet..." Things are more complicated now, and
    MCI's Cerf has morphed from an IETF geek into a Washington powerbroker
    and Friend of Bill and Al. Cerf showed up at the New Year's Eve White
    House millennium gala, spoke at an October 1999 White House
    "Millennium Evening" lecture, and appeared with the president and vice
    president at a July 1997 event to introduce administration policy
    proposals. We note that other prominent figures recently have made
    similar attempts to rescue Gore's tattered image among techies. But a
    more neutral description of the vice president's role in history is,
    we think, a fine 1999 article by author Virginia Postrel.
Their article:

@_date: 2001-04-01 14:19:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Educating" the Court about Cypherpunks Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Sat, Mar 31, 2001 at 09:04:39AM -0800
References: <200103311235.HAA03617
Sounds reasonable to me. Some things just can't be explained succinctly,
and even if they are understood may be perceived to be objectionable.
True, except for one point, and that was (what I recall) the
conversation on cpunx over the CIA possible front in Bell's area. But
that could have happened on many lists, and the "cypherpunk
philosophy" -- to the extent there is a philosophy -- should not be
particularly relevant here, it seems to me.
The sad thing is, I agree with Tim. If I were in his position, I would
likely feel the same way.

@_date: 2001-04-01 14:25:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: AP is *not* the point 
References: <330d920b3055766a9689cca51320696c
That would presume a sufficient amount of intelligence on the part of
federal agents that -- since I first moved to DC in 1991 -- I have
generally seen lacking. As others have pointed out, AP is hardly
implementable at the moment, so your explanation doesn't quite work.

@_date: 2001-04-01 14:28:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Louis Freeh and False Alarms [RISKS] 
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010331173058.009f8380 <4.3.2.7.2.20010331180058.00c50270
My home has a security system. I wonder what would happen if I let,
say, young relatives stay here and they triggered, say, five false
Most likely outcome: A severe talking-to by the local constabulary,
and many fines. Not, oh gosh, and back-slapping among comrade LErs.
Like you said, more equal than others.
It would be interesting to read up on the laws re: false alarms of
Fairfax County.

@_date: 2001-04-01 14:34:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CCL (Crypto Carrying License) 
aimee.farr on Sun, Apr 01, 2001 at 12:15:49AM -0600
References: <20010401050810.99076.qmail
No, it's perfectly reasonable to be "worked up" about more government
regulations that restrict the actions of programmers and sysadmins and
Professional organizations, eager to be the ABA cartel for tech,
occasionally propose such things. But the beauty and efficency of the
tech world is that you don't need to jump over government hurdles to
do your job. When I was in high school, I was a tech consultant to a
local Good Shepherd hospital -- good cause, and I did it for
free. Restricting that would be plain silly.
After all, the best person to decide whether a consultant is worth it
or not is the person paying their bill. Are you sure you haven't been
an ABA member for too long? :)

@_date: 2001-04-01 15:39:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CCL (Crypto Carrying License) 
References: <20010401143402.G14860
No, you also downplayed the perils of licensing, saying:
 > In the US private security consultants have numerous licenses, variable by
 > state. ("C & G" licenses - guns, dogs, exec protect, PIs, etc.) Aren't ya'll
 > just getting worked up over a misnomer?
I don't think that one or two posts is "getting worked up" over anything, and in any case I'll reserve final judgment until I read more.
Which your original message did not say.
Go take your men-are-beating-their-chests-and-I'm-a-woman-who-wants-civility comments elsewhere, Aimee. :)

@_date: 2001-04-01 18:07:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: DOJ steps up child porn fight, plan regulates digital cameras 
DOJ STEPS UP CHILD PORNOGRAPHY FIGHT
Proposal makes digital cameras "childsafe"
April 1, 2001
By Staff Writer
   WASHINGTON -- Citing the explosive growth in child pornography and
   obscenity, the U.S. Department of Justice aims to rein in the
   fast-growing digital camera industry.
   A DOJ project code-named "Indecent Images" plans to implant
   technologies developed to automatically recognize hard-core Internet
   sex images into the next generation of cameras. An II-compliant camera
   will refuse to take illegal photographs or videos, and could even
   quietly tip off law enforcement to illicit behavior.
   On Friday, a DOJ spokeswoman confirmed the existence of the II
   project, and said that the remarkable number of child pornographers
   now using digital cameras on the Internet underground represents a new
   challenge to law enforcement that Congress should carefully consider.
   The spokeswoman declined to provide details, but one DOJ source said
   the Office of Legislative Affairs has drafted legislation and plans to
   send it to Capitol Hill next month. The Senate has previously voted to
   condemn the menace of children and sex.
   "One we'd prosecute child pornographers who take rolls of film to the
   corner fot-o-mat for developing," said the source, who spoke on
   condition of anonymity. "But now when everything's digital, we can no
   longer protect America's children. We need a new First Amendment for
   the digital age."
   Child pornography appears to be a popular Internet hobby. An Altavista
   search returns 25,999 pages found that "match your search criteria." A
   Google search turns up far more child pornography: 425,000 hits.
   A spokesman for President Bush said the White House supports the II
   plan, which is consistent with the 2000 Republican Party platform that
   urged strenuous activity involving "obscenity and child pornography."
   Bush said last year that: "It's important for us to explain to our
   nation that life is important. It's not only life of babies, but it's
   life of children living in, you know, the dark dungeons of the
   Internet."
   Critics said the II draft bill raises free speech concerns.
   An ACLU spokeswoman said that the II proposal would unreasonably
   restrict legitimate art and photography, and that the technology to
   recognize images as child pornography or obscenity is far from
   perfect. The ACLU and the American Library Association filed suit
   earlier this month to overturn the Children's Internet Protection Act,
   which encourages libraries to use filtering software -- some of which
   uses II-type technology.
   The bill would likely be sponsored in the Senate by Dianne Feinstein
   (D-Calif.) and Judiciary chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), and in the
   House by Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.). Hatch and Feinstein co-sponsored the
   1996 "morphed" child porn law that is currently the subject of a legal
   challenge, and an aide said Feinstein viewed this as a logical
   extension of using technology to thwart inappropriate views and
   behavior.
   The DOJ proposal requires the Federal Communications Commission --
   which already regulates "indecent" broadcasts -- to police the digital
   photo and video industry as well. Any manufacturer seeking a license
   to sell such products in the U.S. after April 1, 2002 would have to
   demonstrate that they were II-compatible to receive FCC approval under
   agency rule 602P.
   Nikon and Canon, which sell digital cameras, could not immediately be
   reached for comment. Kodak faxed a statement to reporters over the
   weekend that said: "We never have approved of the use of our products
   to record intercourse, missionary position or otherwise, with
   children, and we look forward to working with law enforcement to meet
   their concerns."
   The II technology plan, according to an outline provided by the DOJ
   source, has two phases: II.1, which scans images using advanced neural
   networks to recognize and delete illicit material.
   II.2, which would not be mandated until April 1, 2003, is far more
   high-tech. Some observers believe it will spur development of this
   kind of advanced artificial intelligence, giving U.S. tech firms a
   badly-needed boost given the recent stock market downturn.
   The II draft says that "any variant" of digital still or video camera
   must include a GPS device and a transmitter that is compatible with
   U.S. pager networks. When a child pornographer takes an illegal photo,
   the camera recognizes it and transmits an encrypted message containing
   the image, the date, and the location to the local police -- who would
   then raid the home and save the child from continued erotic
   exploitation.
   The Family Research Council, which estimates it has been involved in
   helping police make 83.5 percent of arrests related to child
   pornography, applauded the II approach. "It's about time Congress did
   something hard-core on this issue," said FRC spokesman and author
   Martin Rimm. "The Internet should be more than a place where children
   can have sex with dogs."
   The DOJ wants to encourage photo-video manufacturers to license
   technology from companies such as Exotrope, a firm in New York state
   that sells porn-recognition software. New York Governor George Pataki
   has applauded Exotrope's "state-of-the-art technology and PC Magazine
   gave it an "editor's choice" award.
   The FRC's Rimm, who conducted a highly-publicized Carnegie Mellon
   University study into how pornography is marketed on the information
   superhighway -- an updated version will soon be published in
   Georgetown University's law review -- says he hopes Congress will act
   swiftly.
   "My research shows 'paraphilic pornography' is on the rise," he said.
   "Our research team has undertaken the first comprehensive study of
   child pornography on the information superhighway, and let me tell
   you: Perversion has gone digital, and we need to penetrate this
   problem now."
   Compiled from staff and wire reports
[Note the date on the above report. Caveat lector, and all that. --Declan]

@_date: 2001-04-01 20:18:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How the Justice Department screws with a reporter 
As you know, the Justice Department served me with a subpoena commanding me to be in Tacoma, Washington at 9:30 am on Monday, April 2, Because of the judge's schedule, Jim Bell's trial was pushed back one day, so now I need to be there Tuesday, April 3, 2001.
Last Wednesday or Thursday, I booked a flight with the Justice Department's "Worldtravel" agency, which instructions attached to the subpoena require me to do. The flight left from Washington early Monday morning and arrived at the Sea-Tac airport at midday PT. I didn't want to risk a later flight because of possible weather delays, etc.
When I called United a few minutes ago to make sure the flight was on time, I found out that Worldtravel had moved my flight to a Tuesday departure that would get into the city that afternoon, *after* the proceedings had begun. That could (understandably) piss off the judge -- I'd be violating a court order -- not to mention make me miss our motion Tuesday morning to quash the subpoena.
Neither the Justice Department, the IRS, the U.S. Attorney's office, nor Worldtravel notified me about the change in my schedule.
Worldtravel indicated they believe Jeff Gordon -- the IRS agent who is the chief investigator in this case -- is the guy who phoned them and moved my flight to Tuesday. That makes sense; he seems to be playing travel agent, based on his earlier mail to me:
This really isn't a huge deal. If I showed up at the airport and couldn't get on (what I thought was) my flight, I likely would have been able to get on another one later in the day Monday. But at least one of the remaining flights is sold out, so it's not a sure thing. What this episode does show is that IRS agents and prosecutors like to screw with reporters, and a subpoena and travel arrangements are just another petty way of doing it.

@_date: 2001-04-02 00:00:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ steps up child porn fight, plan regulates digital cameras 
References: <20010401180908.B18849
I note the mainstream media is picking up on this story:

@_date: 2001-04-02 05:40:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ steps up child porn fight, plan regulates digital 
References: <20010402000050.A25206
 <20010401180908.B18849
 <20010401180908.B18849
Okay, okay, I was exaggerating. The Register is actually in on the joke, and reprinted the article, not stole it.

@_date: 2001-04-02 16:25:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: hmm 
In a segment airing on CBS' 60 Minutes II (
Tuesday night, April 3rd, 2001, various experts will be interviewed
regarding the growing number of business owners who have
stopped withholding federal taxes from their workers' paychecks
because they have discovered that there is no federal law on the
books requiring it.
      Among the interviewees will be Charles Rossotti, current Internal
Revenue Service Commissioner ( ), Joseph R. Banister,
C.P.A., a former Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
Division Special Agent ( and
 ), a spokesman from the Cato Institute
( ), Al Thompson, owner of Cencal Aviation Products
 ), and others.  Check your local listings for exact
broadcast times.

@_date: 2001-04-02 17:28:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PARTY, PARTY, PARTY! 
from sandfort on Fri, Mar 30, 2001 at 11:23:47AM -0800
References: Now *this* is one of the best invitations I've seen in a while. :)

@_date: 2001-04-02 17:36:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ steps up child porn fight, plan regulates digital 
References: <20010402000050.A25206
Yes, it's a joke.

@_date: 2001-04-02 17:36:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions 
References: <200104020652.CAA23475 <20010402110119.D19061
It's true that I was subpoened in the Carl Johnson case (along with
John Gilmore and perhaps some other list-members) and ended up
testifying very briefly. My lawyer at the time indicated that because
Johnson was not a source -- just some random guy who sent me a few
messages -- I had no journalistic privilege that I could raise.
But I do now, and I have raised it.
As for the motion, I didn't write it, and those aren't the *moral* or
*principled* objections I would raise (and I have raised). Those are
the objections my lawyer thinks constitute the best trial tactics, and
I respect his judgment. Saying more than that seems inappropriate at
this point.

@_date: 2001-04-02 21:13:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Journalists vs. defendants vs. prosecutors 
References: <200104020652.CAA23475 <20010402110119.D19061 <20010402173641.B21207 <200104022336.TAA24955
You appear to be intentionally misrepresenting the motion we filed
last week as a way to make a personal attack. I understand your
motive, but I don't care for it much.
You have me at a disadvantage. My attorney advises me not to make
public statements about what we're doing at this time, so I can only
say that the motion speaks for itself:
Also, it is not a surprise that the interests of a defendant and
journalist may diverge.

@_date: 2001-04-03 18:20:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What happened with the subpoena: Report from Tacoma courthouse 
[originally sent to politech]
U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner did not grant our motion to quash the subpoena, so I took the stand this afternoon.
When I did, I confirmed that I was the author of two Wired News articles and I said I believed those articles were accurate.
When the prosecution and (mainly) defense asked me other questions, each time I said I "respectfully declined" to answer that question based on my First Amendment privilege as a journalist. I did this about six times before both sides gave up and said they had no further questions. Also, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robb London asked the judge to declare me a "hostile witness," but Tanner did not rule on the government's motion.
The questions I refused to answer included whether I subscribed to the cypherpunks list, whether I interviewed government agents while writing my articles, what else defendant Jim Bell told me in other conversations, and whether I knew cypherpunks co-founder Eric Hughes. I did not answer any of those questions.
This morning I emailed family and some close friends with emergency contact info for my attorney, Tim Alger, in case I was held in contempt and went to jail. Some were concerned enough that they already contacted Tim, and it's heartwarming to know that you have friends who will do that for you. Thanks (you know who you are).
As an aside, this is a very interesting trial. It appears to be the first time the new "interstate stalking" law will be tested in court, the first time a defendant has been prevented from viewing discovery material because he wishes to post it to the Internet, the first time the Feds appear to be using a GPS bug implanted in a defendant's car, and so on. Local journalists or interested politechnicals may want to stop by the Tacoma federal courthouse tomorrow. I'll send along a writeup of today's proceedings later on.
Tacoma, Washington

@_date: 2001-04-03 19:29:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
It's important for cypherpunks to understand why Seth Finkelstein has (apparently) recently subscribed to the list. Seth is essentially an anti-cypherpunk, someone who violently disagrees with free-market points of view and has spent (a conservative estimate) hundreds of hours arguing against them.
Seth's claim to fame is that he popularized the "Libertarianism Makes You Stupid" saying, popular among a small clutch of Net-leftists. An article he Obviously there are going to be some points of agreement. Seth is a liberal and a programmer who is going to like strong crypto, free speech (only the types the ACLU approves of, naturally), and so on. But on cases involving free trade, commercial speech, critiques of government regulation, Seth is an aggressive anti-cypherpunk and proud of it.
(This is not to say that all cypherpunks are libertarians, of course. The DC cpunx are mostly Finkelsteinian leftists, as far as I can tell. But the problem is that modern leftism runs up against cypherpunkly thinking -- to the extent there is such a consensus -- pretty quickly.)

@_date: 2001-04-03 21:28:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Seattle cypherpunks group 
References:  Why not ask IRS Agent Jeff Gordon to be your guest speaker? The Feds
are certain to have someone in attendance.
During today's opening remarks by the prosecution (took almost an hour),
we learned that the Feds had an agent who infiltrated Bell's common
law court and was far more active than Bell, voting to convict Janet
Reno in absentia etc. The same guy also appeared to infiltrate the
Libertarian Party of Washington state. Cypherpunks and AP play a key
role of the government's case, with Tim May and Eric Hughes being
mentioned, and this is just Day One.
Don't mean to tease, more on this after I finish my writeup.

@_date: 2001-04-03 21:30:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: have you heard of cypherpunks? 
References: <3ACA6B77.C43B35DE
One prospective juror (who did not make it on the 12+1 person jury)
said he had heard of cypherpunks.

@_date: 2001-04-04 00:05:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
References:  It's a fair point, and I don't think I missed it. In any case,
I don't mean to spark an undue amount of internecine warfare,
so I'll shut up now.

@_date: 2001-04-04 00:12:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Day #1: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in Tacoma 
U.S. v. Jim Bell Trial, Day By Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
April 3, 2001
   TACOMA, Washington -- Jim Bell's trial began today in federal court
   here.
   Bell is best known as the author of "Assassination Politics," but he
   is charged with stalking federal agents. He says, and some observers
   agree, that the Feds are prosecuting him for doing what an
   investigative reporter does: Compiling information from publicly
   available databases, documenting what's happening, and so on. This
   case could set a precedent that affects the First Amendment privilege
   of journalists.
   Bell is smart, rude, and ungainly. He's not particularly affluent --
   he lived at home with his parents -- and he's an outspoken foe of an
   oppressive federal government. He's already had run-ins with the Feds
   over false Social Security numbers, and has spent a few years in prison
   And, as you'll see in a moment, he has infinite trouble keeping his
   mouth shut.
   It's unclear why the U.S. government is spending so much effort trying
   to keep him behind bars: Probably the best explanation is that they're
   trying to depict him as a domestic terrorist and make an example of
   him. Although the Department of Justice hasn't charged him with a
   speech crime by writing "Assassination Politics," it's the cornerstone
   of their case.
   In the morning session on Tuesday, Bell's attorney Robert Leen tried
   to off himself from the case, which he's spent months trying
   unsuccessfully to accomplish. He had no better luck today.
   "Haven't we gone through this once?" U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner
   growled. "You will not be removed... I'm not going to let you withdraw,
   but I am going to tell the defendant that he has a right to represent
   himself... If he  wishes to take over the case, he is free to do so."
   Tanner allowed that Leen had represented his reluctant client "very well."
   The background: Bell has tried for months to fire his court-appointed
   attorney, saying his attorney has been so negligent in filing motions
   that Bell's case has been damaged beyond repair.
   Around this time, Bell started complaining to the judge, who shot
   back: "You will address the court when you're asked to, and no other
   time."
   Leen asked for the dismissal of counts four and five against his
   client (on grounds that interstate stalking by way of a facility of
   interstate commerce was not applicable). Tanner denied the motion.
   Bell wants to call two or three U.S. Marshals to testify as defense
   witnesses (presumably based on what they may have witnessed during the
   raid on Bell's house). Leen complained that the U.S. Marshals were
   unwilling to serve subpoenas on themselves. The judge delayed ruling
   on the request and asked for a written motion instead.
   The government wanted the judge to hold Bell in contempt for refusing
   to follow a court order saying he must give a handwriting sample.
   Tanner said the Feds should simply tell this to the jury and let them
   make up their minds about what Bell's refusal means.
   Bell spoke up once again, and Tanner got peeved. "You're either going
   to be muzzled or sent downstairs," Tanner told Bell. "You're not going
   to get a mistrial." (Apparently a basement room of the courthouse
   includes a closed-circuit TV system for precisely this reason.)
   Tanner didn't notice this, but at one point Bell wrote on "SHAM" on a
   yellow legal pad and held it up to the spectators.
   Tanner is, incidentally, 82 years old and a no-nonsense guy who makes
   a habit of terrorizing lawyers. In 1992, he was sued by an attorney
   who called in sick and was rousted from his bed after Tanner sent the
   U.S. Marshals to drag him into court. A special issue of The American
   Lawyer two decades ago on the "best and worst" federal judges dubbed
   Tanner "the worst district judge in the Ninth Circuit." But maybe he's
   mellowed: He seemed brusque today, but reasonable.
   Leen, by this point sweating and increasingly nervous, reluctantly
   brought up Bell's allegations of a conspiracy involving, well, just
   about everyone: Prosecution, defense, and the judge. Leen meekly asked
   the judge about Bell's accusations involving the judge's
   representation of some clients before he took over his current job
   circa 1979. Tanner was perplexed, a little annoyed, and said he "never
   heard of (Jim Bell") before this case, and that was that.
   Leen's second allegation was a conspiracy involving the Feds. The
   broad outline seems to be that the Feds had "an agreement" with a
   fellow prisoner during Bell's earlier incarceration who was named Ryan
   Lund. It required Lund to beat up Bell while both were in prison in
   exchange for a lighter sentence. Tanner didn't spend much time here
   either.
   I left the courtroom at this point. The remainder is reconstructed
   based on interviews with multiple people who remained behind -- one
   person even provided me with written notes -- and I believe it to be
   accurate.
   When I was outside the courtroom, I saw the potential jurors filter
   in, about 30 of them. They seemed to be a reasonable cross-section of
   the Seattle area, jeans, sweatshirts, an even split between male and
   female, largely white (only two African Americans, both men, who ended
   up on the jury).
   Once they were inside, the judge asked them questions including
   whether they had family members who were government employees, whether
   they had been audited by the IRS, whether they had used the Internet
   (almost everyone had), whether they used Usenet newsgroups (a few
   had), or chatrooms (about four had). Nobody had heard of Jim Bell or
   Assassination Politics, and one guy who didn't end up on the jury said
   he had heard of the cypherpunks. One woman said she participated in a
   funeral director's newsgroup.
   The government had six preemptory challenges, and the defense had 10
   challenges. After the challenges, 12 jurors plus one alternate were
   randomly selected out of the remaining people.
   The trial resumed around 1:30 pm PT. Assistant U.S. Attorney Robb
   London gave the opening statement for the government, telling a
   chronological story of Bell's alleged activities, starting with his
   involvement with a "common law court" about five years ago. London
   said Bell was unhappy with government agencies, and offered the
   "court" a solution to the problem of enforcing their judgements
   against federal officials. That solution? Assassination Politics, a
   scheme involving digital cash, the Internet, and anonymity that Bell
   spent years discussing in various online fora. (The common law court
   was a centerpiece of the government's earlier prosecution of Bell;
   they seem to be recycling this charge.)
   London recounted how Bell allegedly researched information on federal
   agents Mike McNall and Jeff Gordon. He said Bell kept notes -- a
   "diary" -- of his research. This mirrors the government's original
   complaint.
   London brought up the cypherpunks -- a mailing list devoted to
   privacy, anonymity, and politics -- in his opening statement. He
   mentioned John Young, who runs cryptome.org and has been called as a
   prosecution witness. This gets a bit muddled, but London reportedly
   was talking about Young's public hypothesis last year that a certain
   fellow may be a CIA agent in Bend, Oregon -- which prompted Bell to
   conduct a subsequent investigation.
   My understanding of London's opening statement was that the Feds
   bugged Bell's car with a GPS receiver that constantly transmitted his
   location to the Feds. Treasury agent Gordon reportedly has a nice
   setup: He gets alerted (pager? I don't know) whenever Bell strayed
   more than three miles from his home. Presumably we'll see these GPS
   location records introduced into evidence. London appeared to use this
   GPS information (this is my understanding of the written notes) to
   overlay on an aerial photograph and show Bell allegedly trespassed 75
   yards onto someone's property.
   Leen's opening statement took another direction: "A fine line between
   stalking and investigation."
   He distanced himself personally from Assassination Politics and said
   it was "scary," but it was an example of free speech in action. He
   said that even if Bell was somewhat loony -- my paraphrase -- "he had
   the right to investigate" what he believed to be a government
   conspiracy against him. Leen said the "common law court" -- the
   members apparently talked a lot but never took any action -- was an
   example of free political speech.
   He said that law enforcement agents were paranoid, and had an
   us-vs-them mentality. If anyone else was being (allegedly) stalked,
   Leen said, they'd go down to the local sheriff and ask for a
   restraining order. But an IRS agent gets to make a federal case out of
   it.
   Leen talked at some length -- more than London -- about the
   cypherpunks, discussing their philosophy, saying they were concerned
   about privacy and anonymity. He reportedly brought up the name of
   cypherpunk co-founder Tim May.
   The government's first witness was an undercover federal agent named
   Walsh who wore a bodywire and infiltrated the "common law court" that
   Bell occasionally attended. London played a 30-second videotape of
   Bell at one meeting, presumably obtained through a hidden camera Walsh
   carried. Walsh said that at one meeting, Bell offered him a floppy
   disk with (presumably a text file) of Assassination Politics on it.
   Walsh said that Bell was at three meetings of the "court" while Walsh
   had attended "a couple of dozen." Walsh reportedly participated fully
   in these events, voting to convict his colleagues -- federal employees
   -- of crimes in absentia.
   A surprise was that the Libertarian Party of Washington state came up.
   Walsh reportedly said he met Bell at or immediately after a LP
   meeting. This could raise questions about the IRS and other federal
   agencies infiltrating and spying on U.S. political parties.
   The trial is expected to resume at 9:30 am Wednesday. Tanner has
   reportedly said he wants to finish the entire trial by Friday.
   Assassination Politics:
      Government's original complaint:
      Bell's own filings:
      More on first day of trial:

@_date: 2001-04-04 20:17:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Needing a law degree for the Constitution 
References: <20010404225523.A11834
Only if you're entirely on the side of the defense and have no desire to be an independent actor.

@_date: 2001-04-04 20:22:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: And about the Fed's issuing subpeona's against themselves 
References: <20010404225636.B11834
In my article that I wrote yesterday evening, I said that the judge was reasonable. He did not live up to that billing today.
Judge Tanner simply said no, and didn't give much reasoning. He thought these were old accusations and had little relevance to the current trial. Bell's attorney said he was not required to show relevance before having subponeas served, but Tanner didn't seem to care.
At this point, Bell may not have *any* defense witnesses. The government has put on about a dozen so far, rapid-fire.
Also the judge sealed the *entire court file* including publicly-available motions, just because someone (ahem) was posting some of the documents on the Net. DOJ's London started complaining at the end of the trial today, and then got even more than he asked for.
Citing that ruling, Tanner's clerk refused to give me a copy of the government's 3/30 pre-trial brief. (I can't get it through the court clerk's office since Tanner has the file.)

@_date: 2001-04-04 22:55:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Needing a law degree for the Constitution 
References: When you're a defendant.
Because I wouldn't answer questions, I got off the stand very quickly.
John Young didn't have an attorney sitting a few feet away who was
from a large law firm and ready to file an emergency appeal to the 9th
Circuit, and he spent far longer on the stand. He authenticated
email, responded to questions about his posts to cypherpunks,
etc. that he wouldn't have had to if he claimed a journalist's
This is not to say that John did anything but take a principled stand.
When Robb London insisted that Carl Johnson set up a working AP bot,
John stuck to his "spoof" line. His testimony probably helped the defense
more than the prosecution.

@_date: 2001-04-04 22:56:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: And about the Fed's issuing subpeona's against themselves 
References:  Jim Bell wanted to call Ryan Lund, but the judge said no and denied
the subpoena. Bell accuses Lund of being (as a fellow prisoner)
a government informant and long-arm.

@_date: 2001-04-04 23:05:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon, Usenet, and the cypherpunks mailing list 
A thought just occurred to me, and perhaps I'm totally off base.
But I've been watching both the prosecution and defense attorneys stumble over technical terms (London had no idea what a mailing list, Leen was talking about "encryptions"). Clearly Gordon has more of a clue[*] but that's not saying much.
I suspect Usenet discussions are far more inflammatory than what happens on the cypherpunks list, but the prosecution is not veering in that direction at all.
My suspicion is that it's just *easier* to monitor cypherpunks, and even tech-impaired IRS agents can figure out majordomo. Usenet takes more effort

@_date: 2001-04-05 02:11:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
tcmay on Wed, Apr 04, 2001 at 09:51:54PM -0700
References: <3.0.6.32.20010404151923.0082ed60
So which of y'all do I write about next?
(Just a joke, folks, just a joke. I have no information beyond
what's been posted publicly and I heard in court this week.)

@_date: 2001-04-05 07:37:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdcyberterror in DC today 
HOUSE ENERGY AND COMMERCE COMMITTEE Computer Security Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing on "Protecting America's Critical Infrastructure: How Secure are Government Computer Systems?" Witnesses: Ron Dick, director, FBIs' National Infrastructure Protection Center; Sallie McDonald, assistant commissioner, Office of Information Assurance and Critical Infrastructure Protection, GSA; John Tritak, director, Critical Infrastructure Assurance Office at Commerce Department; Robert Dacey, director, Information Security Issues at GAO; Tom Noonan, president and CEO, Internet Security Systems, Inc.; Glenn Podonsky, director, Office of Independent Oversight and Performance Assurance, Energy Department Location: 2322 Rayburn House Office Building. 9:30 a.m. Contact: 202-225-2927

@_date: 2001-04-05 10:18:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010403191855.00a7c0c0 <200104040441.f344fVP11140
Yes, and yes.

@_date: 2001-04-05 10:23:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
References:  <5.0.2.1.1.20010404181630.00aa9c30
I think that's a fair description of Day I. By Day II, though, Leen
seemed to miss some obvious (to me) technical questions that could be
raised on cross. I also had the change to watch him more closely, and
he seems to be doing a perfunctory job. He's almost communicating to
the jury (and clearly communicating to the judge) that he believes
his client is guilty but has the right to a trial.

@_date: 2001-04-05 12:32:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Day #2: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in Tacoma 
DOJ: Cypherpunk Threatened Feds
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   9:00 a.m. Apr. 5, 2001 PDT
   TACOMA, Washington -- A federal prosecutor said on Wednesday that an
   Internet essayist spent months illegally compiling information about
   IRS agents through CD-ROM databases and conversations with members of
   a mailing list of "cypherpunks."
   Robb London, an assistant U.S. Attorney, said in court that Jim Bell
   was not conducting a legitimate investigation of government wrongdoing
   last year but instead was a disturbed person who had never renounced a
   political treatise he wrote entitled "Assassination Politics."
   "It's still on the Internet today," London said during the second day
   of the trial in federal district court. "He has not retracted it."
   Bell is best known for writing the long-winded thought experiment
   predicting how future technologies including untraceable digital cash,
   encryption and anonymity should allow anyone upset with the feds to
   bet on when a certain government agent will die. The winner,
   presumably the assassin, wins the pool of money.
   London said that while Bell may not have directly threatened IRS agent
   Jeff Gordon, "he has done it indirectly through 'Assassination
   Politics.'"
   Bell has pleaded not guilty to five counts of interstate stalking that
   allegedly took place last year, saying he was legally assembling
   information about government agents he thought were participating in a
   conspiracy involving illegal surveillance. He is not accused of making
   direct threats or seeking physical confrontations.
   As evidence of Bell's malicious intent, London showed the jury a
   photograph of four guns that Bell legally owned up until the IRS
   raided him in April 1997 during a prior prosecution. The weapons: Two
   SKS rifles, a Smith & Wesson 629 pistol, and a Ruger mini-14 rifle.
   London characterized this as a collection of assault weapons that
   amounted to "serious firepower" and said, "That's what the agents were
   afraid of."
   That prompted an objection from Bell's attorney, Robert Leen.
   "(You're) asking the jury to draw an adverse infrerence from what was,
   at the time, an exercise of a constitutional right," Leen said.
   The government has not alleged that Bell owned firearms more recently
   than 1997. Bell pleaded guilty in July 1997 to interfering with IRS
   agents and using false Social Security numbers.
   U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner allowed the government to show to the
   jury photos of the weapons Bell once owned -- one rifle had a bayonet
   mounted on it -- and warned Bell that if he made any additional
   outbursts, he would be muzzled or hauled out of the room.
   Bell had interrupted Leen a few times and pounded on the table two or
   three times to get Leen's attention. Bell also wrote "SHAM" on a white
   pad of paper and held it so spectators could see.
   London complained that some people were downloading public documents
   through the Pacer service provided by the federal court system,
   translating the graphical TIFF images into text, and posting the
   documents on a website. He warned that soon everything will be
   "splashed all over the Internet for all to see."
   The prosecutor likened it to an illicit activity: "Transferring court
   documents from our computer onto the Internet."
   That got the attention of Tanner, an 82-year-old jurist with little
   patience for lawyers and even less patience for online open-records
   activists. He sealed the entire court file, including public documents
   like the charges against Bell, saying that "anything that's filed"
   will remain in his chambers.

@_date: 2001-04-05 21:39:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
References: <200104051539.IAA16952
95% the first day or two, maybe. By the third day it's up to 98%.
I don't know if Tanner hates Jim -- that seems strong, based on the
evidence I've seen -- but it's more like he doesn't take Bell or his
lawyer seriously at all.
Bell is more interested in making points against the government than
putting on a defense, and is (a bad move) trying to be his own lawyer.
He apparently believes he will win; he is almost certainly mistaken.

@_date: 2001-04-05 21:41:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3ACC8E41.A37F10B8 The problem with Choate's argument is that (besides that it's silly),
he gives implied consent to redistribute by posting here. Also, as he claims
to know, CDR is by nature distributed, and each node can set its own
policy. Dont' like it? Don't participate.

@_date: 2001-04-05 21:45:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Day #2: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in Tacoma 
References: <20010405022309.D1720 I understand that Tanner asked them (I was out of the room at the time)
about whether they heard of FIJA. Nope.

@_date: 2001-04-05 21:47:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution - April 5, 2001 
References: <3ACD0A04.32753E70
Logically, it is only your speech if you can stop "saying" it
at any time. I doubt he could stop his execution by asking nicely.

@_date: 2001-04-05 23:14:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <20010405214158.H22209 Amusing. So if I have a cpunx archive, I can't place ads on it?
I welcome your flurry of lawsuits. We already know about your
lawyers on retainer. Perhaps you can forward them come constitutional

@_date: 2001-04-05 23:15:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - Internet firm sues to broadcast McVeigh execution - April 5, 2001 
References: <20010405214751.J22209 Bah. I would rather argue that the execution is the government's
free speech at work, and it should have the right to say it in
whatever way it wants. :)

@_date: 2001-04-06 01:33:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <20010405231428.A24010 Private property != intellecutal property. If anything, my "private
property" claim is stronger than your IP one, since the bits are on MY
server. :)

@_date: 2001-04-06 01:37:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bellini 
References: <1.5.4.32.20010406040702.00bbc518
The rest I can't vouch for, but this is true. London likes
to make threats, apparently.
Yeah, the Columbian guy trotted up there and spent half an hour
volunteering information about what Bell told him. A disgrace
to the profession.

@_date: 2001-04-06 10:27:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Second Day 
References: <200104051527.IAA16302 <3ACD8CB1.2AC25D0E
She wasn't a lawyer; your PR clone suspicion is correct.
She was not a technologist. Her function was only to testify that an IP address matched an account.
Bell's lawyer on cross-examination never raised the point that a message
posted to cpunx goes through multiple servers (including the majordomo
ones), all of which have the opportunity to add false headers to the

@_date: 2001-04-06 10:28:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <20010406013345.B28444 You would have a valid point if the Beasty Boys were in the habit of
sending MP3s of their latest hits to cypherpunks.

@_date: 2001-04-06 12:11:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Judge in Jim Bell trial says media may not quote public documents 
Cypherpunk Judge Warns Media
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   8:00 a.m. Apr. 6, 2001 PDT
   TACOMA, Washington -- A federal judge has threatened media outlets
   with contempt charges if they quote from public documents on a court
   website, prompting outcries from journalist groups.
   U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner warned Thursday that anyone who
   published the name of a juror in the criminal trial of U.S. v. James
   Dalton Bell would go to jail. The list of jurors is available on the
   Pacer website provided by the federal court system.
   "No one in the print media, electronic media, no member of the
   prosecution, no witness for the prosecution, nor the defense lawyers,
   are to print, under any circumstances, the names of these jurors...
   under penalty of contempt," Tanner said.
   Gregg Leslie, the legal defense director for the Virginia-based
   Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, said: "The sweeping
   nature of such an order is not just unconstitutional, but truly
   outrageous. Its absurdity is compounded by the fact that it presumes
   toreach parties not subject to the court's jurisdiction."
   "Unfortunately, many judges seem to think that the old,
   well-established standards barring prior restraints on publication of
   truthful, lawfully obtained information don't apply to electronic
   records or other court information," Leslie said. "They do."
   Tanner is an unpredictable 82-year old jurist known to use his
   contempt powers broadly.
   In a prior trial involving Bell's defense lawyer, Robert Leen, Tanner
   briefly held Leen in contempt after his client's son acted up in
   court.
   Tanner also sealed the entire case file, including traditionally
   public documents such as the charges against the defendant, until the
   jury reaches a verdict. The trial is expected to conclude Friday or
   Monday.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-04-06 13:39:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Day #3: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in Tacoma 
ATF Admits Tracking Jim Bell
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   10:20 a.m. Apr. 6, 2001 PDT
   TACOMA, Washington -- The government revealed Thursday that it
   implanted a satellite-tracking device in a suspect's car and tracked
   him as he drove around Oregon and Washington.
   Brian Meyer, a special agent for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and
   Firearms, testified that he installed a GPS bug last November in a
   Nissan Maxima owned by defendant Jim Bell.
   Meyer told a fascinated jury that the device -- "high quality,
   something that military and law enforcement uses" -- continually
   transmitted Bell's exact location using a radio signal to receivers
   operated by law enforcement. Federal agents used graphical mapping
   software on a PC to plot Bell's movements in real time.
   Political essayist Bell is on trial here this week in a case that
   involves his alleged use of legally obtained CD-ROMs to compile
   information about Treasury Department agents.
   He is not accused of directly threatening them, but the government
   says that by collecting information about agents by driving to their
   suspected residences and by refusing to renounce his writings about
   how to assassinate unethical federal employees, Bell is guilty of
   violating stalking laws.
   The government hopes to prove that Bell crossed state lines when
   driving from Vancouver, Washington along I-205 to 14135 S. Clackamas
   Drive in Oregon City, Oregon. That address is the current home of
   Christopher John Groener, who testified on behalf of the prosecution,
   and the former residence of ATF agent Mike McNall.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-04-08 13:38:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell update, cyberpass down 
I'll be covering the trial for at least one more day, Monday. Friday's report about Bell taking the stand should be up on Wired News tomorrow morning.
Cyberpass.net is down and I haven't received any cpunx traffic since Friday.

@_date: 2001-04-08 15:23:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A young Jim Bell, just out of MIT and Intel 
A young Jim Bell (note same glasses as current):
See also:

@_date: 2001-04-09 09:42:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cyberpass.net 
References: I'm still getting "disk full" bounces. --Declan

@_date: 2001-04-09 20:25:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell update: Jury to deliberate on Tuesday 
I'm writing my article now, and you should check for it at Wired News tomorrow morning. In response to some queries, the highlights from today * Both government & defense rested at about 3:30 pm today; Judge ordered jurors to be back at 9:30 Tues for closing arguments and deliberations.
* John Young and his companion did not show up on Monday, either to testify or as audience members.
* Jim Bell testified under oath that he stole mail from Jeff "not an agent" Gordon's mailbox and threw it in the trash at a nearby McDonald's.
* Bell accused his defense attorney of threatening his life.
* Judge Tanner refused, in considering jury instructions, to allow Bell to assert a First Amendment defense for any of his actions.
Details in Wired article tomorrow.

@_date: 2001-04-10 01:19:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3ACC8E41.A37F10B8  <20010405214158.H22209 <014901c0bf8a$5db97080$7660ed18
Cute, but inaccurate. I never have questioned the ability of list
owners to set their own list policies (I am a member of a number of
mailing lists with do-not-forward policies).
Cypherpunks, on the other hand, is just a little different than a
private, invite-only mailing list that's run by one person for a specific
purpose on one server.

@_date: 2001-04-10 08:14:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Day #5: U.S. v. Jim Bell report from federal court in 
[note from an attorney, anonymized]
I read your report of Day  shaking my head at the turn of events. Mr.
Bell may be bright, he may have a mission, he may have a cause, he may
have a point, but he is an excellent example of why one does not
represent oneself in a trial.
His attorney is between a rock and a hard place. Judge Tanner won't let
him off the hook, and Bell won't let him do his job. Bell is doing a
stunning job of giving the jury a reason to convict, and Judge Tanner
keeps reeling out the rope so Bell can hang himself.
It's sad. Bell is obviously disturbed. Is he insane? I don't know. But
he exhibits no judgment whatsover in his defense, and he will pay a high price.
I appreciate your coverage of the trial. My experience as a trial lawyer
was you could count on the police and the newspaper to get the names
correct, sometimes, and the newspaper to report only the most charged
testimony or facts.
Neither Mr. Bell nor I look forward to the outcome of his case. It's
likely to be bad.

@_date: 2001-04-11 06:21:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell verdict is in 
The jury convicted  Jim Bell on two counts of stalking cypherpunk Jeff Gordon, and hung 11-1 on the three other counts, which the judge dismissed without prejudice. See my Wired article soon.

@_date: 2001-04-11 08:09:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3ACC8E41.A37F10B8  <20010405214158.H22209 <014901c0bf8a$5db97080$7660ed18 <20010410011919.A13044 <009801c0c1e3$67b49a00$7660ed18
The question is who establishes the rules that govern IP rights -- i.e.
list owner policies.

@_date: 2001-04-11 08:16:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Deconstruction of James Dalton Bell 
References: <200104101822.f3AIMdV20589
If you didn't like what Bell's attorney said on Monday, you'll really hate
what he said on Tuesday. During closing arguments, he spoke at length
about how Bell was a bright mind gone awry, off the deep end.
As for my article, I call it like I see it. Bell was slurring his
words on Monday, and was not at top performance. Yesterday he was back
to where he was last week.

@_date: 2001-04-11 08:22:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OPT: UCITA & Cypherpunks - We got a plan... 
References: Old motto: "Cypherpunks write code"
New motto: "Cypherpunks lobby in state capitols, craft
            'appropriate' policy responses, and identify
            'key players' for 'maximum bang for the buck'"
Old cypherpunk: Hacker, programmer, coder, sysadmin, engineer
New cypherpunk: IRS undercover agent, state lobbyist, Jim Choate

@_date: 2001-04-11 08:32:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon: Agent, investigator, witness, "stalkee" 
Bell Trial: Victim as Prosecutor
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   10:35 a.m. Apr. 10, 2001 PDT
   TACOMA, Washington -- The government's prosecution of an Internet
   essayist accused of stalking federal agents raises unusual ethical
   questions because the alleged victim is also the chief investigator,
   experts say.
   Jim Bell is charged with two counts of trying to intimidate Jeff
   Gordon, an agent in the Treasury Department's tax administration
   office. Gordon conducted repeated investigations of Bell, including
   the current one, and is the government's chief witness and courtroom
   technical expert.
   Legal ethicists say that Gordon's deep involvement in a case in which
   he claims he feared for his life -- and the fact that as a prosecution
   witness he was not sequestered -- is uncommon during criminal trials.
   "It sounds very odd to me," said Robert Drinan, a professor of law and
   ethics at Georgetown University. "It sounds awful."
   "It doesn't quite add up.... It reminds me of a police officer suing
   his superiors, and getting himself assigned to the case," Drinan said.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-04-11 08:55:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OPT: UCITA & Cypherpunks - We got a plan... 
References: <20010411082229.C9155 No, I'm not accusing Jim Choate of being an IRS undercover agent, just a twit. :)
I wrote articles. Cypherpunks write code. Jim Choate writes procmail
recipies to add CDR: to every Subject: line.

@_date: 2001-04-11 15:44:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3ACC8E41.A37F10B8  <20010405214158.H22209 <014901c0bf8a$5db97080$7660ed18 <20010410011919.A13044 <009801c0c1e3$67b49a00$7660ed18 <20010411080935.A9155 <008b01c0c2b5$5eb28200$7660ed18
Tim's point is on-target. Read up on freedom to contract.
See also examples like Yahoo-Geocities a few years back, claiming
IP rights in posts to its site (then abandoned, but that was due to PR outcry, not to lack of enforceable contract).

@_date: 2001-04-11 19:39:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
The cypherpunks list has become a popular tourist destination in the
last two years for voyeuristic Feds in Washington and Oregon.
This monitoring has been less cyber-stalking of the chargeable sort,
and more a kind of spectator sport, something to chat about with
fellow TIGTAians at the water cooler, and maybe launch some
investigations every now and then.
We all know that, from his own testimony, a pudgyfaced Jeff Gordon has
become enraptured by the cypherpunks list. We know from exhibits that
he subscribes to the list from apparently a Hotmail account, but the
relevant headers were redacted so we don't know which one. We also
know that Gordon & co infiltrated the common law court and Libertarian
Party and monitored the "northwest libertarians" mailing list. Anyone
attending the first Seattle-area cypherpunk meeting next week may want
to check for Gordonian bodywires.
The real surprise is not that investigator-stalkee Gordon has extended
his arguably unethical pursuit of Bell and cypherpunks, but that other
area Feds have joined the fun.
For instance, Assistant U.S. Attorney Floyd Short teaches a course on
cybercrime at the University of Washington law school on Thursdays,
and has reportedly made the cypherpunks list a part of his class.
Short has also spoken about the cypherpunks list and its relation to
online lawlessness during at least two speeches, I'm told.
The cypherpunks list, in other words, is a staple of law classes not
because of participants' views about privacy -- but because of the
number of their number who are now serving time.
One assistant U.S. Marshal in charge of moving Jim Bell from the
downstairs holding pen to the courtroom confessed to me yesterday that
he's a cypherpunks fan. Not in the
ending-the-nation-state-through-crypto sense, but he finds the list
interesting enough to read on a daily basis through the inet-one
archive site. He was puzzled about why it's been down; the speculation
seems to be that it's related to cyberpass' problems. He told me he's
been a list reader for about two years.
Someone could make a tidy profit by compiling a complete cypherpunks
archive and selling it to the Feds on CD-ROM for use in prosecutions.
Note that if Bell had not posted under his real name to cypherpunks
during his investigation of federal agents last year, he would not be
facing perhaps five more years in prison. The government buttressed
its case against Bell by using each message that could conceivably be
relevant as structural support for its Good Society vs. Internet tale
to the jury.
Email to the cypherpunks list appears dozens of times in the
government's pretrial list of exhibits. Assistant U.S. Attorney Robb
London led the jury on a post-rich digression about plausible
deniability that included posts from occasional participants like
Michael Froomkin and Black Unicorn. London argued that Bell's
investigation gave him plausible deniability for stalking. During
closing arguments yesterday, London brought it up once more: "Let's
talk about plausible deniability. It's a whole big part of what the
cypherpunks are into."
You'll recall that London and Gordon were involved in the prior
prosecution of Carl Johnson, another cypherpunk regular. Perhaps the
Feds are frustrated since during their obsessive-compulsive
cyphersurveillance, they can only listen and not post in response to
windy rants about the perils of big government. At least not under
their real names.
The Tacoma courtroom is a sterile place, kind of
Singapore-meets-the-Bastille. Not helping the atmosphere is the
half-dozen agents, some armed, who populated the audience benches
during the Bell trial. In addition to two reporters, only one non-Fed
observer showed up every day; she took notes and posted them to the
cypherpunks list. When this unnamed 'punk introduced herself to Bell's
parents after a week of being anonymous, all the Feds' heads swivelled
to hear what her name was.
Like the old-media types they are -- London says he's a former legal
reporter for The New York Times -- the Feds hardly appreciated online
reports from the trial by John Young and that anonymous local
cypherpunk. London, whose courtroom demeanor veers between snide and
surly, griped loudly during a recess last week about "glorified
stenographers" taking up space in the courtroom. The six bodyguards
offered up appropriate nasty glares.
But Gordon seems to be the true antipunk. (London has indicated he
didn't want to prosecute this case, and missed out on a more
high-profile one because of it.) After the jury delivered their
partial verdict, Gordon leaned over from his seat at counsel table and
asked London to seal the court records. London dutifully requested
that U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner seal any information or exhibit
or transcript that included home addresses of alleged stalkees. Now,
those data are arguably key to the government's case against Bell --
did he drive to this address or not? -- and were discussed at great
length in open court. Tanner denied the motion, and Gordon wasn't
You can be sure that Tanner has learned all about the "TannerWatch"
website, and is hardly amused by it. You can also bet that some
unnamed agent will be watching who asks for copies of the court file

@_date: 2001-04-11 20:56:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3ACC8E41.A37F10B8
 <20010405214158.H22209
 <014901c0bf8a$5db97080$7660ed18
 <20010410011919.A13044
 <009801c0c1e3$67b49a00$7660ed18
 <20010411080935.A9155
 <008b01c0c2b5$5eb28200$7660ed18
 <20010411154458.B16440
You're not the only lawyer with unusual views of what freedom to contract means. I argued with two law profs over coffee yesterday about just this.
By the way, thanks for the good reporting on the Bell trial.  I have found it a

@_date: 2001-04-11 22:09:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
References: <20010411193944.B22010 Hmm. Anyone know what are some extant web-to-email remailers,
and what Type I remailers exist?

@_date: 2001-04-11 22:16:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
References: <20010411193944.B22010 nympunks? nonpunks? anonpunks?

@_date: 2001-04-12 16:00:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3ACC8E41.A37F10B8  <20010405214158.H22209 <3AD5F227.75302958
Choate has given an implied consent for his posts to be redistributed
in certain ways. Much as Usenet participants do. He has probably
not given consent for all of his posts to be combined and sold by
Wired as a book (of course this is just a hypothetical, nobody would
buy it).
Choate, however, would have a very weak case if I was to reproduce
one of his posts in a Wired article. Copyright law, as the lawyers
can attest, includes many factors a court would weigh, and he'd
almost certainly lose.
So be careful before agreeing with our resident tentacle.

@_date: 2001-04-12 20:09:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <3AD5F227.75302958 Okay, Jim, let's test your tortured interpretation of the law.
I'll take one of your posts that's 201 lines long and post it on my
website, properly attributed. You sue me, and we'll watch what
happens. Ready?

@_date: 2001-04-12 20:24:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Theory of the corporation 
References: <200104122325.TAA09994@
This is naive. Nobody here of any substance has argued "the market is
always right" or anything of the sort. Anyone remember the Edsel? The
dot com crash? It is, however, more likely to produce desirable
effects than state-provided goods and services are.
The reason cypherpunkish types are more concerned about government
abuses than perceived corporate abuses is that one can switch grocery
stores if you don't like their privacy policy, but you don't have that
choice when dealing with the U.S. government.

@_date: 2001-04-12 21:07:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <20010412200918.A29079 Sigh. This reminds me of the old adage: Never get involved in an argument
with the insane. You're not going to win, and it's not that much fun
to watch Choate froth at the mouth.
There are two issues here: Implied consent, and fair use. That Choate
can't, or refuses to, understand them speaks for itself.

@_date: 2001-04-12 21:08:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: abnormal mental condition: Ninth Ct Model Criminal Jury Instructions 
References: <3AD63D7D.1E7777ED A nomination for "understatement of the year" award.

@_date: 2001-04-13 13:15:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More Jim Bell coverage 
Jim Bell's show trial
by J.D. Tuccille
After a thoroughly rigged federal trial, cypherpunk Jim Bell was found guilty of making the feds nervous. (04/11/01)

@_date: 2001-04-13 20:48:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
References: <200104122242.PAA12619 <3AD63484.397AE596 <5.0.2.1.1.20010413154506.01affa80
Right. There was some discussion of "military uses this device"
during direct exam, but the prosecutor was tech-clueless and so was the
witness, beyond standard drudge insert-device-here skills, so I wouldn't
rely on them. See my Wired article, easily ref'd at cluebot.com, for
exact quotes.
My sole exchange of words with Jeff Gordon during the entire trial came
during this time. I asked him whether it was military grade and he
backed away, channeling bubonic plague vibes, and said he couldn't

@_date: 2001-04-14 20:11:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Our spy plane, and... 
References: <200104142119.RAA29868
I was thinking of taking some photos, acting the photojournalist
instead of the writingjournalist, but they never used the public
entrance.

@_date: 2001-04-15 13:46:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Starium? 
References: <20010415020110.29556.qmail
I have a pair of their preproduction units they sent me in December. --Declan

@_date: 2001-04-15 17:21:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven        
References: I think this is a bit short-sighted.
Assume there is an anonymous seller who has established reputation capital over time for small transactions on the order of pennies. I may be willing to risk a ten-cent transaction (to purchase an illicit MP3 or somesuch) if the perceived reward is sufficient. If I am successful and word spreads that the seller is to be trusted, the amount people will be willing to risk larger amounts will presumably increase.
Obviously there is the possibility for the seller to cut and run when the trust factor gets sufficiently high and transactions increase accordingly, but buyers aren't entirely dumb, so a rational buyer will take that into account. One factor is how many people at once are entering into transactions with the seller -- and that may not be knowable. If the seller goes bad, what is the time delay before the bad actor status can be known and published?
Escrow agents and bonds posted by the seller can accelerate this process In order to grow an anonymous economy, you'd need literally decades
Not so. You can grow it quickly, organically, in a much shorter time. You'd be right if you're talking about an entirely new economy, but not if you're talking about the more likely prospect: a system that gradually supplements the existing economy. It won't replace it, of course.
Remember, one still buys a loaf of bread in meatspace.

@_date: 2001-04-15 17:29:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven 
from bear on Sun, Apr 15, 2001 at 02:11:56PM -0700
References: Not everyone will choose to be lost in the Net.
So the solution is simple: I sell Alice a new report on Bob's new
identity, after doing the appropriate research and employing the
relevant investigators.
All credit is a gamble. If I know a person's meatspace identity and
ties with religious/social/family groups, I'm far more likely to lend
them money then if they're using a throwaway hushmail account.
If Bob is doing the latter, he won't get credit in the first place. If
he's using a known meatspace identity, I can do the research and
likely succeed.

@_date: 2001-04-15 19:20:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Our spy plane, and... 
References: <200104160203.WAA07707
Installed under court order, according to testimony.

@_date: 2001-04-15 19:26:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Message from a Parallel Universe 
tcmay on Sun, Apr 15, 2001 at 07:26:24PM -0700
References: Right. It's like telling a statist that certain government programs
and regulatory systems aren't absolutely necessary. Their initial
reaction is to disbelieve this notion: "But how would it work?"
To phrase Tim's point another way, taking some liberties: If there is
sufficient market demand for a product or service, it will become
available, whether or not the government regulates it, encourages it,
or prohibits it. If we knew tomorrow that copyright law would
disappear in 10 years, the market would move to continue a system
where new content would be available -- the incentives are too strong
to ignore.
Obviously ease of avoiding regulation and technological
advances aiding reputational systems are big variables too.

@_date: 2001-04-16 05:48:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References:  Maybe that's what you meant to have said. But you don't seem to have a clue
about your ability to force, say, news organizations to bend to your
view of what's "commercial use" of a cypherpunks posting.
We tend to view it sas "fair use."
Who has a job in the 'press'

@_date: 2001-04-16 05:51:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <20010412210712.B29735 Hardly. But let's assume arguendo that you actually *are* insane, or a bit Bellsian, perhaps, on a bad day. You'd have to reluctantly agree
that under that hypothetical, it doesn't make sense to argue with a Choate. :)
I never claimed there was.

@_date: 2001-04-16 05:56:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Theory of the corporation 
References:  This badly misrepresents, or misunderstands, what "coercion" is when
most of the rest of us talk about it.
Hint: It has to do with the initiation of force, often through the
application of government power, not with your mother saying "you'd
better look nice for dinner tonight with Great-Aunt Suzie."

@_date: 2001-04-16 05:59:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: anarchy and your opinions 
References: That was a particularly eloquent statement.

@_date: 2001-04-16 07:15:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Epilogue: U.S. v. Jim Bell trial in federal court in Tacoma 
Four articles are excerpted below:
  Wired News on government's motion to seal public court records
  Sierra Times: "IRS Prosecutes Outspoken Dissident"      About.com: "Jim Bell's show trial"
  Cluebot.com on how government surveillance killed the cypherpunks list
   The U.S. government wants to seal public court records in a trial of
   an Internet essayist for privacy reasons.
   Assistant U.S. Attorney Robb London this week asked a federal judge to
   seal all documents -- including exhibits and transcripts -- that might
   include personal information and home addresses about people who
   testified in the trial of Jim Bell. A jury found Bell guilty of two
   counts of interstate stalking.
   London said: "We are concerned that information in these exhibits not
   be published... (We) don't need to have that information posted on the
   Internet."
   While the charges are crucial to understanding the case against Bell,
   the government feels uneasy about the home addresses of federal agents
   being easily accessible to the public. London cited the addresses of
   agents dozens of times in open court, and displayed digital
   photographs of the homes Bell visited.
   U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner thought about London's request for a
   moment, then denied it. "I don't think I have the authority to do
   that," Tanner said.
   [The meaning was changed slightly in editing. The fourth paragraph
   should be "addresses of people Bell *believed* to be federal agents
   but were not. One was, for instance, a real estate agent. --DBM]
   IRS Prosecutes Outspoken Dissident    SierraTimes 04.13.00
   James Dalton Bell may remind you of somebody you know. He's very
   bright, dresses and looks like a nerd and,
   most importantly, he dislikes the IRS. In that last respect, he is not
   in a minority.
   Where Jim Bell does fall into a minority is that instead of merely
   grumbling quietly, he decided to do something
   about it. And that's why he was just convicted in the Washington
   Federal District Court in Tacoma on Tuesday
   [4/10/2001].
   Jim Bell has been a lifelong libertarian, ever since he was a
   teenager. Bell's view of government was that it was unnecessary. Is he
   an anarchist? Only, as he puts it, in the sense of "I believe in
   order; I do not believe in orders." He disparaged the huge hierarchies
   that have evolved in current bureaucracies, and believed that such
   hierarchies were unresponsive and dehumanizing. And, as Bell would
   personally learn, such a hierarchy creates two classes as outlined in
   George Orwell's Animal Farm: those who are part of the government
   hierarchy, and those who are not.
   [...]
   Bell, in his defense, stated that he had signed the LP oath that he
   would not initiate violence. And there was absolutely no direct
   evidence that he had ever initiated violence against anyone. People
   that he had come in contact with in his 2000 investigation
   characterized him as polite, and did not see him as threat. And Bell
   had obviously taken no discernible steps that would equip him to
   initiate violence.
   So what the government was left with was prosecuting a thought crime:
   intent. Because Bell had used his freedom of political speech to write
   such items as "Assassination Politics" and disclose IRS agents' home
   addresses, he obviously had to have the intent to harass federal
   agents. And the harassment was loosely construed. Any attempt to find
   or disclose any personal information about an agent can be made to fit
   federal law against "intention to harass or injure" an agent.
   Several times during the trial, the prosecutor made it clear that such
   an investigation was inappropriate and illegal merely on the basis
   that the subjects of such investigation were federal agents. Numerous
   times he cited the special privilege that agents hold that ordinary
   citizens don't possess. Federal agents are, indeed, a breed apart and
   must be specially protected, he insisted. While they could surveil and
   investigate ordinary citizens, it was illegal for ordinary citizens to
   do the same to them.
   [...]
   Jim Bell's show trial
   Cypherpunk Jim Bell was found guilty of making the feds nervous
   Dateline: 4/11/01
   Jim Bell has been probed, raided and arrested. He spent time in prison
   for "obstructing" Internal Revenue Service agents and using a false
   Social Security number. Now Bell has been convicted for get this
   stalking government arm-twisters.
   Stalking? Well ... that's what they call it. Bell gathered the sort of
   information on them that they compiled on him and many, many other
   people for years. For that offense, the feds decided to send Bell away
   again, and they did everything in their power to fix the trial.
   A cypherpunk and libertarian, Bell originally got official skirts in a
   bind when he penned Assassination Politics, a provocative think piece
   that postulated an Internet-based system for anonymously rewarding
   people who knock off abusive government officials. All hot and
   bothered by the article, the feds made Bell a target of an intense
   investigation. Soon, he was an unwilling guest of the government, and
   the powers that be thought they were done with yet one more thorn in
   their sides.
   [...]
   Whatever the paper charges, Jim Bell was clearly arrested and
   prosecuted for loudly criticizing the government and for being
   abrasive and unrelenting in the process. Bell may be something of an
   eccentric, but he had enough moxie to make federal agents nervous.
   That's the worst crime as far as any government official is concerned.
   [...]
   [...]
   Government prosecutors now appear to qualify as technical experts on
   the cypherpunk phenom, having scrutinized listmember behavior as ants
   under lenses. London told the jury yesterday that "the one unifying
   theme that defines someone as a cypherpunk on the Internet is the
   ability to encrypt mail." One could say the same thing about a NAI
   marketing flack, but that wouldn't be as quotable.
   It's all so sad and predictable and sad again. The cypherpunks list
   had its glory days: Wired magazine cover stories, blossoming
   technology, and, yes, even those damnable tentacles. Now it's become a
   convenient way for the Feds to land convictions.

@_date: 2001-04-16 19:59:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
References: <20010416055100.E18334 No, I said there was some implicit license to redistribute and
republish as online archives, etc. I didn't say (and don't think) that
license should extend to -- the example I gave -- publishing the posts
in book form.
The point you fail to grasp is that journalists have fairly broad leeway
to make fair use of posts here, whether you like it or not.

@_date: 2001-04-16 20:09:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Mirror - Sensitive laptop left in taxi 
References: <3ADB0A9A.1C19463F
This Choatian post is even more useless than the normal one-liner.
In the time it took (apparently) the ssz node to redistribute the
message, the article has been replaced with one about sex attacks in
London. (that may be more interesting, but that's not the point.)
The moral of this story is be cautious when redistributing URLs to dynamic content.

@_date: 2001-04-17 18:41:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven (Intellagora) 
References:  <003501c0c6e6$f66a1920$0200a8c0
Protection racket? Nah. More like "I won't buy a lamp that's not
UL-certified" or "I won't buy a novel that Oprah doesn't recommend."
Kosher rating systems are a wonderful example of private reputation
systems. There are hundreds of rating agencies; they seem to generally
coexist -- folks who are sufficiently interested can rely on whichever
they choose, or none at all.

@_date: 2001-04-17 20:11:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish 
References: <5.0.2.1.2.20010416100259.02f84ec0
It is trivial to pass a law banning crypto. (If you ignore the
political considerations. There was a proposal in the House a few
years back that banned nonescrowed crypto, see the archives for my
report, heh.)
It is nontrivial to pass a law that *succeeds* in banning crpto.

@_date: 2001-04-17 20:15:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Culture of Secrecy, Disinformation, and , Propaganda... 
References:   <5.0.2.1.1.20010416085636.01afb310
A brief data point to add to Bill's interesting post:
I had dinner with someone from alt.net during my not-exactly-voluntary
visit to the Seattle area recently. He told me (this is from memory)
that Usenet is now on the order of 300 GB/day and they get a full feed.
90 percent is binaries.

@_date: 2001-04-17 20:28:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Spy Who Lost Me - GB & laptop losses 
elyn on Tue, Apr 17, 2001 at 08:40:56AM -0400
References: <3ADC341E.26E66EFC
  <01ed01c0c73b$a60f6ac0$e78c1d18
Right. Wired.com is better than most - our URLs have been valid since
1995 (with redirects for the older ones when we switched DB sw). Too
many sites put up URLs with dynamic content (NY Observer comes to mind)
or expire their content after a few weeks. At least the LA Times, which
does this, puts up a "click here to buy" page.

@_date: 2001-04-17 22:09:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven (Intellagora) 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010416184843.00917d30  <3.0.6.32.20010417180938.0091f100
Is that part of the Singularity? :)

@_date: 2001-04-18 10:16:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dutch government asked to create "digital safe deposit boxes" 
Personally, I can't think of a better use for *my* tax dollars! --Declan
DUTCH CONSIDER DIGITAL SAFES FOR CITIZENS A Dutch commission has called on the government to consider creating 17 million digital safe deposit boxes to allow all Dutch citizens to store their personal information. Each citizen would get up to 200 items of data including medical and financial information.

@_date: 2001-04-18 10:17:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Other ISTAC 
9:00 AM. The Department of Commerce's Bureau of Export Administration's Information Systems Technical Advisory Committee (ISTAC) will hold the first of two days of meetings. The ISTAC advises the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration on technical questions that affect the level of export controls applicable to information systems equipment and technology. See, notice in Federal Register, April 3, 2001, Vol. 66, No. 64, at Page 17683. Location: Hoover Building, Room 3884, 14th Street between Pennsylvania Ave. & Constitution Ave., NW., Washington DC.

@_date: 2001-04-19 12:27:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Group releases "Friendly AI guidelines," Webmind goes bankrupt 
Intelligenesis Faces Dim Future
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Apr. 19, 2001 PDT
   A pioneering New York company that once hoped to develop the first
   artificial intelligence is preparing to declare bankruptcy.
   Intelligenesis Corp., which was creating the Webmind software, has
   been evicted from its Broadway office suite and plans to file for
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy next week.
   [...]
   Making HAL Your Pal
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Apr. 19, 2001 PDT
   Eliezer Yudkowsky has devoted his young life to an undeniably unusual
   pursuit: planning for what happens when computers become far smarter
   than us.
   Yudkowsky, a 21-year-old researcher at the Singularity Institute, has
   spent the last eight months writing an essay that's half precaution,
   half thought exercise, and entirely in earnest.
   This 750 KB treatise, released Wednesday, is not as much speculative
   as predictive. If a computer becomes sufficiently smart, the argument
   goes, and if it gains the ability to harm humans through
   nanotechnology or some means we don't expect, it may decide it doesn't
   need us or want us around.
   One solution: Unconditional "friendliness," built into the AI as
   surely as our genes are coded into us.
   "I've devoted my life to this," says Yudkowsky, a self-proclaimed
   "genius" who lives in Atlanta and opted out of attending high school
   and college.
   It's not for lack of smarts. He's a skilled, if verbose, writer and an
   avid science-fiction reader who reports he scored 1410 on his SATs,
   not far below the average score for Stanford or MIT students.
   Yudkowsky's reason for shunning formal education is that he believes
   the danger of unfriendly AI to be so near -- as early as tomorrow --
   that there was no time for a traditional adolescence. "If you take the
   Singularity seriously, you tend to live out your life on a shorter
   time scale," he said.
   Mind you, that's "Singularity" in capital letters. Even so-called
   Singularitians like Yudkowsky admit that the term has no precise
   meaning, but a commonly accepted definition is a point when human
   progress, particularly technological progress, accelerates so
   dramatically that predicting what will happen next is futile.
   The term appears to have been coined by John von Neumann, the great
   mathematician and computer scientist who used it not to refer to
   superhuman intelligence, but to the everyday pace of science and
   technology.
   Science-fiction author Vernor Vinge popularized the concept in the
   1980s, capitalizing the word and writing about whether mankind would
   approach Singularity by way of machine intelligence alone or through
   augmented mental processes. Predictions vary wildly about what happens
   at the Singularity, but the consensus seems to be that life as
   humanity currently knows it will come to a sudden end.
   Vinge is the closest thing Singularitians have to a thought leader,
   spokesman and hero. He offers predictions based on measures of
   technological progress such as Moore's Law, and sees the Singularity
   as arriving between 2005 and 2030 -- though some Vinge aficionados
   hope the possibility of uploading their brains into an immortal
   computer is just around the corner.
   One of them is Yudkowsky, who credits Vinge for turning him onto the
   Singularity at age 11. "I read True Names," he said, referring to a
   Vinge novel. "I got to page 47 and found out what I was going to be
   doing for the rest of my life."
   Since then, Yudkowsky has become not just someone who predicts the
   Singularity, but a committed activist trying to speed its arrival. "My
   first allegiance is to the Singularity, not humanity," he writes in
   one essay. "I don't know what the Singularity will do with us. I don't
   know whether Singularities upgrade mortal races, or disassemble us for
   spare atoms.... If it comes down to Us or Them, I'm with Them."
   [...]
   Like a character from science fiction, Yudkowsky sees his efforts as
   humanity's only hope.
 "I think my efforts could
   spell the difference between life and death for most of humanity, or
   even the difference between a Singularity and a lifeless, sterilized
   planet... I think that I can save the world, not just because I'm the
   one who happens to be making the effort, but because I'm the only one
   who can make the effort."
   [Clarification: Yudkowsky just emailed me to say he received a 1600 on his
SATs when he took them again. --Declan]

@_date: 2001-04-19 12:43:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Well-Read Cypherpunk 
a3495 on Wed, Apr 18, 2001 at 05:32:47PM -0400
References: <987629567.3ade07ff86bac
I don't think anyone would say "don't read the classics." I'd venture
that they're necessary but not sufficient to achieve True Cypherpunkishness.*
More seriously, there are some concepts that lie behind what the recent
threads calls an agora, and some books help clarify them in more detail
than a mailing list discussion can. I know I've benefited from these
* = See the archives

@_date: 2001-04-19 12:46:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: hello, I would like to learn how to hack a bit 
References: <008101c0c6a5$3ec56040$7660ed18  <3.0.6.32.20010417082737.00915140 <5.0.2.1.1.20010418094725.02271a10
See also these hysterical articles about birds on your property
(or, in this case, city property). D.C. humane society pleads guilty Apr. 18, 2001 05:34 ET Humane Society In D.C. Chastised For Bird Killings Apr. 18, 2001 03:16 ET

@_date: 2001-04-19 15:11:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Well-Read Cypherpunk 
a3495 on Thu, Apr 19, 2001 at 02:41:03PM -0400
References: <987629567.3ade07ff86bac
  <20010419124325.A15841
  <987705662.3adf313f01c76
That is undeniably true. I have been to a good number of libertarian
events, including some private invite-only gigs, and there are a
disturbing number of second-rate academics in those circles.  Not
anyone who's been discussed here, but the phenomenon exists, for sure.

@_date: 2001-04-19 16:07:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Humorless FBI agents interrogate publisher of Columbine satire 
FBI Crashes Parody Party
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   12:21 p.m. Apr. 19, 2001 PDT
   Depending on who you ask, Karl August Mueller is either one of the
   Web's funniest satirists, or a malevolent threat to society.
   From his side-splitting letters to Virginia newspapers purporting to
   be a right-of-Rush conservative to his fictitious Lobster Liberation
   Front that encourages readers to free tank-trapped crustaceans,
   Mueller has made an art of encouraging visitors to think twice about
   whether what they're reading is real.
   But the Feds don't appreciate his humor. Mueller, a 33-year-old Web
   programmer in Los Angeles who goes by the online name of "Gus, said
   two FBI agents paid him a surprise visit at 7:30 a.m. PDT Thursday.
   "I was in the shower and, knock, knock, knock, my housemate's knocking
   on my shower telling me there are two FBI agents on the door," Mueller
   says. "They wanted to talk to me about this website. They were like
   "We're having trouble with shootings and schools throughout the
   country and you're promoting this, you know."
   The portion of his website Mueller is talking about is the "Trench
   Coat Mafia" page -- a parody he placed online soon after news broke
   about the Columbine massacre. It says: "Hello and Heil Hitler! My name
   is Eric and this is my Web page! I hate jocks, Jews and jiggaboos. I
   loathe wops, spics and blood-engorged ticks."
   It pretends to be written by a white supremacist Goth geek obsessed
   with two things: Pipe bombs and getting even with the "jocks" in his
   high school. "Our master plan is to kill at least 500 people at our
   high school, besiege the local neighborhood, seize the airport, and
   then crash a plane full of jocks and cheerleaders into the Pentagon,"
   the page says.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-04-20 10:15:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010419104904.00a84060
There's plenty of software already, some even decent. As for the rest, well, I'm not saying it's going to happen tomorrow -- it would be a gradual response based on the perceived threat of the law we're talking about taking effect and having teeth.

@_date: 2001-04-20 13:21:42
@_author: declan at well.com 
@_subject: Yale Censors Student Paper Over Bush Daughter Flap 
Yale Censors Student Paper Over Bush Flap
   by cicero on Friday April 20,    If you didn't know any better, you might think that Yale University
   cared about free expression for its students and campus newspapers.
   Just look at its breathtakingly sincere official policy on how
   important free speech is to the health and diversity of the campus
   community:
            ...a free interchange of ideas is necessary... the university must do
      everything possible to ensure within it the fullest degree of
      intellectual freedom... we commit ourselves to the idea that the
      results of free expression are to the general benefit in the long run,
      however unpleasant they may appear at the time... Because few other
      institutions in our society have the same central function, few assign
      such high priority to freedom of expression...
   What a sham! As soon as a student newspaper published something that
   controversial about one of President Bush's daughters, Dean of Student
   Affairs Betty Trachtenberg called the editors into her office and gave
   them a severe dressing-down about how some kinds of speech is less
   worthy than others.
   The article in question had appeared in Rumpus, and quoted friends of
   Yale student Barbara Bush saying that the Secret Service wasn't doing
   a particularly splendid job of protecting the president's daughter.
   "On April 12, nearly a week after the issue had appeared in dining
   halls and newsstands around campus, Trachtenberg called Rumpus Editor
   in Chief Jared Leboff '03, Managing Editor Matt Johnson '03 and the
   article's author, Nathaniel Pincus-Roth '04, into her office.
   Following that meeting, Rumpus removed the current issue from the
   tabloid's Web site," the Yale Daily News reported on Friday.
   The Rumpus website,  now says: "Issue is Currently
   Unavailable."
   We know that Secret Service agents have an unfortunate habit of
   intimidating everyone from 58-year old women upset over anti-gay
   politicos to people who photograph agents picking their noses to
   gaming companies, so it's not a stretch to say they didn't like how
   they were portrayed in the Rumpus piece and complained to
   Trachtenberg.
   The truth, though, is that censoring the article from the paper's
   website won't accomplish much. It had been published a week prior, so
   anyone on campus who wanted to read it probably did. A better -- and
   far more distressing -- explanation is that Trachtenberg and Yale
   wanted to curry favor with the newly-inaugurated president and his
   administration.
   No word yet on when Yale will rewrite its "free speech" policy to
   bring it into line with reality.
   (PS: Yale has a habit of blocking non-university visitors from reading
   its policies, so its free speech policy will be mirrored here:
   Published Friday, April 20, 2001
Rumpus scolded for Bush story
Yale tells tabloid to yank Secret Service story from its Web site
BY CHARLOTTE DEWAR
YDN Staff Reporter
Rumpus is no stranger to controversy, but a recent article the campus
tabloid ran on the first daughter is giving it national exposure and
trouble with the Yale administration.
A story that ran in Rumpus' April edition about alleged mishaps in the
Secret Service's protection of Barbara Bush '04, the daughter of President
George W. Bush '68, landed the tabloid's editors in hot water with Dean of
Student Affairs Betty Trachtenberg, who charged Rumpus staffers with
exploiting Bush's presence on campus. At least two national publications,
The Washington Post and tabloid The Star, have also taken an interest in
Rumpus' report on Barbara Bush's security detail.
The cover of Rumpus' April edition screamed "O Daughter, Where Art Thou,"
and included a story on Barbara Bush's Secret Service attache at Yale. On
April 12, nearly a week after the issue had appeared in dining halls and
newsstands around campus, Trachtenberg called Rumpus Editor in Chief Jared
Leboff '03, Managing Editor Matt Johnson '03 and the article's author,
Nathaniel Pincus-Roth '04, into her office. Following that meeting, Rumpus
removed the current issue from the tabloid's Web site.
The original Rumpus story claimed that on at least two occasions, the
Secret Service officers assigned to Bush have inadvertently lost contact
with her. Sometime last month, Rumpus reported, Bush and friends were
driving to New York City when the agents following them got stuck at a toll
booth for lack of the "E-ZPass," which electronically deducts tolls as cars
drive through.
Trachtenberg was critical of the story's accuracy and appropriateness, and
called it "the most irresponsible kind of press that could possibly happen."

@_date: 2001-08-01 07:54:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
at 07:15:29PM -0700
References: <3B66809A.6842.48A7CE7 <003c01c119f6$1d0439f0$2d010a0a
BU may be speaking of the attitude of a district judge when he learns
what you've done. It may not be an offense in itself, but it skirts
refusing a court order (in one hypothetical), and is really going to
just piss the judge off. So many trials include both sides trying to
convince the judge that they're taking reasonable positions, and
occasionally getting blindsided by a pissed off judge when he thinks
they're not. It's petty tyranny, true (look at my wired.com report on
the Scarfo case and the judge getting pissed at press coverage of it)
but it's what happens.

@_date: 2001-08-01 08:02:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pointers to news sources and other mailing lists 
References:  <002001c11a44$80162dc0$00010a0a
Yes. Don't feed the beast, or encourage him. That is not the path to
cypherpunk salvation.

@_date: 2001-08-01 08:06:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Trying again...[jsimmons@transvirtual.com: [OT] DMCA loop hole] 
2001 at 12:00:08PM +0100
References: <20010731232456.A26735 <3B67E138.2325F015
* DMCA includes a research exemption that would cover this if
virus writer was known and could be contacted, and probably even
* If not know, that's probably because he's violating the law
and, as a felon facing prosecution in multiple jurisdictions,
won't be in a hurry to file lawsuits
* If this were a problem, Congress would soon move to amend the DMCA

@_date: 2001-08-01 08:26:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress hard at work: Cereal box regulation 
SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE Packaging Antitrust, Business Rights, and Competition Subcommittee hearing on "S.1233, the Product Package Protection Act: Keeping Offensive Material Out of our Cereal Boxes." Location: 226 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 2 p.m. Contact: 202-224-7703

@_date: 2001-08-01 23:21:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress hard at work: Cereal box regulation 
Hahahaha. Actually, I'm starting to feel sorry for politicans, especially the folks in Congress. Think of it: They have such crude tools available to them. They can hold hearings or introduce legislation -- that's about it. Not much in the way of options. Poor saps. We should provide more creative outlets for them.
Thus we get wacky attempts like Sen. Torricelli's don't-email-someone-unless-you-want-to-go-to-jail bill I wrote about for Wired today.

@_date: 2001-08-01 23:24:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror net terror in dc -- postponed 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
August 1, 2001
MEDIA ADVISORY
Senators Bennett and Kyl
  Postpone Thursday News Conference
     WASHINGTON, DC Â­ U.S. Senators Robert Bennett (R-UT) and Jon Kyl (R-AZ) will
postpone tomorrow's news conference on legislation to facilitate joint federal
and private industry efforts to protect critical infrastructures from and destructive attacks.
     The news conference will be re-scheduled in September.
     (The news conference had been scheduled for Thursday, August 2 at 11:30 am
in the Mike Mansfield Room (S-207) in the U.S. Capitol.)
     Please contact Betsy Holahan of the JEC at 202-224-0378 with any

@_date: 2001-08-02 09:11:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in DC (closed hearing today) 
HOUSE SELECT INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE Terrorist Threats Working Group on Terrorism and Homeland Security meeting on the terrorist threat of bioweapons, chemical, biological, radiation and nuclear. Location: H-405, U.S. Capitol. 10 a.m. Contact: 202-225-4121

@_date: 2001-08-03 09:37:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How pork works -- a case study, from Sen. Richard Shelby 
United States Senator * Alabama
      FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                              For
      More Information Contact:
      August 2, 2001
         Andrea Andrews (202) 224-6518
      SHELBY ANNOUNCES SENATE APPROVAL
      FOR ALABAMA PROJECTS
         WASHINGTON, D. C. --- U. S. Sen. Richard C. Shelby (R-Ala.), a
      member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, announced today the
      approval of funding requests for several Alabama projects.  The Senate
      approved several Alabama-related projects at the request of Senator
      Shelby.
      Sen. Shelby said, "The money included in this legislation will go a
      long way towards assisting many communities in Alabama."
      The following project requests, were funded by the Senate:
      University of South Alabama, Center for Estuarine Research - $750,000
      "I am pleased to announce $750,000 in funding for the Center for
      Estuarine Research at the University of South Alabama.  The Center
      conducts important research on the ecology of coastal lands and
      seascapes in the Gulf Coast and Mobile Bay areas.  This funding will
      allow the University of South Alabama to continue the vital ecological
      research it is conducting in Alabama.  The knowledge gained from this
      research provides important scientific insights that can be used to
      preserve and protect coastal plants and wildlife,"  said Shelby.
      Renovation of the Historic Greene County Courthouse - $400,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "The historic Greene County Courthouse is an
      important part of Alabama's history.  I am pleased that this money
      will be used to restore the Courthouse to its' natural beauty.  This
      restoration effort is an important first step in the County's
      long-term plan for renovation of the old Courthouse Square."
      Hamilton, Alabama Call Center Facility - $500,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "The City of Hamilton is greatly in need of a Call
      Facility.  Our funds will allow the city to construct the facility
      that will result in nearly 600 jobs for the city and surrounding
      area."
      The American Village, Federal Hall/Liberty Square Expansion - $500,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "These funds will be used for the construction of
      Federal Hall and the expansion of Liberty Square in Montevallo.  The
      expansion will triple the capacity of students served by the facility
      to more than 150,000 per year.  The educational potential of these
      projects is significant."
      The Alabama Quail Trail - $100,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "The Alabama Quail Trail project will create a
      "Quail Trail" to attract hunters to rural Alabama hunting areas.  The
      untapped natural resources of these areas offer superb hunting areas
      for  visitors.  The boost that will be provided to local economies by
      visiting hunters is not insignificant.  Once fully implemented, the
      Alabama Quail Trail will generate considerable economic growth in
      rural Alabama."
      Cleveland Avenue YMCA, Montgomery, Alabama - $500,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "We have included $500,000 for the Cleveland Avenue
      YMCA in Montgomery to expand their existing programs.  This facility
      is a cornerstone of the community and serves an underprivileged youth
      population in Montgomery.  The expansion of these programs will allow
      the YMCA to serve a greater number of young people in the area."
      - more -
         Page 2 - VA/HUD Appropriations
      Housing Authority of Andalusia Bright Beginnings Project - $350,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "The Andalusia Bright Beginnings Project serves a
      population of low-income, high-risk preschool children in the
      Andalusia area to ensure that they have the proper educational
      foundation before entering elementary school.  These funds will allow
      the Andalusia Housing Authority to expand these educational programs
      and construct a new facility to accommodate a greater number of these
      children in their program."
      Winfield, Alabama Call Center Facility - $500,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "The $500,000 provided in this legislation will
      allow the City of Winfield to construct a Call Center facility that
      will result in nearly 600 jobs for the city and surrounding area."
      Lovelady Building Acquisition on Historic Water Avenue, Selma, Alabama
      - $100,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "These funds will assist the City of Selma in the
      protection of this historic home on Water Avenue.  The acquisition of
      the Lovelady Building will also allow for future expansion of the St.
      James Hotel property."
      Lakeshore Foundation Facility Expansion - $500,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "Birmingham's Lakeshore Foundation serves Alabamians
      with disabilities through a variety of programs and services.  The
      $500,000 we have provided  will assist the Foundation in their efforts
      to expand their facilities to serve a greater number of individuals
      with physical disabilities."
      Family Connection, Inc. Diversionary Program for First Time Juvenile
      Offenders - $150,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "Family Connection, working together with the Shelby
      County District Court, will serve the community with the operation of
      a facility for first time juvenile offenders.  Our funding will assist
      Family Connection in the construction of the facility to house this
      important program."
      Covington County Farm Center - $300,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "The Covington County Farm Center is an important
      part of the Community and I am pleased that the $300,000 we have
      provided will assist them with the construction of Phase II of the
      Center.  This Center is an important part of the on-going economic
      development in Covington County."
      Alabama Department of Environmental Management, Water and Wastewater
      Training  - $700,000
      Sen. Shelby said, "These funds will be used to continue the training
      at the Alabama Department of Environmental Management."
      Alabama Water Projects
      "We recognize that cities and counties are faced with many water and
      sewer challenges and I believe that this funding will go a long way in
      assisting local communities with those challenges," said Shelby.
         Southwest Alabama Regional Water Authority water facility project -
      $1,000,000
         Rainbow City construction of emergency response systems for the
      sewerage lagoons - $500,000
         Grant, Alabama wastewater collection and treatment facilities -
      $600,000
         Jackson, Alabama for water system improvements - $1,000,000
      - 30 -

@_date: 2001-08-04 00:42:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
References: <3B67C975.18492.417600
  <3B67C975.18492.417600
More public policy than "public politics," but the general point is true. I'm not sure what the reason is. Perhaps a combination of more stuff happening by the Feds than, say, eight years ago. It's true we had SJG and CDA (well, starting in 1994-1995) and crypto restrictions and CALEA (starting in 1994) and Clipper. But that's a pretty short list compared to what DC is involved with today.
Also many of the broader cypherpunkly themes have been well thought out and well-discussed. Some people have gone on to create companies around these ideas; most of those have failed, or at least have not been wildly profitable successes. Other cypherpunkly projects, like Freenet, have their own lists and networks of programmers, who may not even read cypherpunks. Some things have remained constant for the past four years or so: The number of remailers, to a first approximation, and the number of years before digital cash happens. :)
Nah. Cyberia's gone downhill. Folks there have fled to private law lists too (I'm on one).

@_date: 2001-08-04 00:53:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
from sandfort on Wed, Aug 01, 2001 at 11:05:41AM -0700
References: It may well be irresponsible for Tim to talk about his probable
responses to a situation when unidentified black ninjas invade his
home. The reason it is arguably irresponsible is that Tim is endangering
his safety. But he knows that.
Talking about alleged victimless crimes allegedly committed by list
members is irresponsible.* The reason it is arguably irresponsible is
that you are endangering someone else's safety. Big difference.
* = As differentiated from victumful crimes. For instance, if someone
steals Sandy's car or Tim's motorcycle from a cypherpunks meeting, nobody
would raise eyebrows if they call the cops.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:04:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Official Reporters have more copyright rights 
on Wed, Aug 01, 2001 at 09:31:05AM -0700
References: <20010731232456.A26735
  <3B67E138.2325F015
This is true, but the reason is that when you post somethin to
cypherpunks, you're essentially giving an implied license to
redistribute (and archive, etc). Same with Usenet. When I write something for Wired.com, we don't offer that implied
I've never argued for official reporter priv (though I have it,
naturally). I've even pissed off many of my fellow reporters arguing
at a Freedom Forum event a while back that the government is already
licensing reporters who apply for congressional press credentials.
It's more a question of social norms in this case. If you post rants
at timmay.com and slap a coypright notice and some ads up and
explicitly ask that they not be redistributed -- well, then you'll
soon find that people treat you pretty close to the way they treat

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:07:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Security Against Compelled Disclosure 
malcolm on Wed, Aug 01, 2001 at 01:39:45AM -0700
References: <200108010850.DAA07686
1. Don't send attachments to cypherpunks
2. See below for the reason why
3. Reread rules 1 and 2

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:17:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: archive? Re: Adversaries Would Find Other Attack Methods, 
02:45:06PM +0200
References: Ever since John Gilmore went through expensive legal hassles when
receiving a subponea for the toad.com archives, I'm surprised that
anyone in the U.S. would want to volunteer to host them and announce
this publicly.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:19:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
References:  <3B6A0626.D82699A0
yeah. After going through this myself, such a situation strikes
me as highly unusual.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:23:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
from bear on Fri, Aug 03, 2001 at 10:51:04AM -0700
References: Of course it would take many -- hundreds -- of jurisdictions acting
in concert to do this. There is no evidence that such a global anti-remailer
treaty is underway. (Though I have documented many anti-anonymity
efforts on the part of U.S. law enforcement.)
Why not? It already has.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:28:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Official Reporters have more copyright rights 
References: <20010804010455.B30609 Why did I ever deprocmail Choate?
1. I've already read Brad's essay years ago
2. I have a lot of respect for Brad but he wrote this from his
Clarinet perspective and I don't entirely agree with it
3. In any case, it does not disagree with what I wrote
I expect this will be my only response to Choate in the
foreseeable future. Sigh.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:30:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Security Against Compelled Disclosure 
References: <20010804010725.C30609 You fool. One of the cypherpunks nodes removed the attachment.
Sending attachments to the distributed cypherpunks list when at least
one node remove them is about as useful as, well, arguing with Choate.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:32:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable messages. 
References:  Um, no. The DMCA is not that broad. (If it were, it could outlaw
debuggers and disassemblers.)

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:37:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
on Fri, Aug 03, 2001 at 03:26:21PM -0700
References: Another good reference for Aimee would be, naturally, Applied
Cryptography.  Also the recent MIT Press book that has essays by Tim
and Duncan and others would not be terrible (forget the name, I have
it out in my car).

@_date: 2001-08-04 10:47:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
aimee.farr on Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 01:03:59AM -0500
References: On Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 01:03:59AM -0500, Aimee Farr wrote, quoting Tim.
I'm not sure if much can be gained by comparing anonymous remailers
to commercial mail drops. USPS is a strange and weird beast, and guards
its territory ferociously. Activities that happen in its sphere are
logically and legally distinct from those happening online.

@_date: 2001-08-04 10:55:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Copyright Licenses and Assignments (BitLaw) 
References: <3B6BFF7F.A8FFA8A2
Nobody ever said the CDR was Usenet. Choate is tilting at windmills
again, a crazed smile on a manical face as he bounces around his
padded room.
Nevertheless it is similar in one or two respects. People posting to
cypherpunks offer an implied license for people to archive and
redistribute for the purposes of transmission and redistribute on an
archive site their copyrighted works. This is not the same as giving
up copyright (I'm sure I've sold some articles that I've posted in
preliminary draft form to cypherpunks at one point or another).
I vaguely recall that this is one of Choate's pet topics, worms have
burrowed deep into his skull and preclude even the usual state of
gibbering nonsense. So I doubt I'll say anything more here.

@_date: 2001-08-05 00:20:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Official Reporters have more copyright rights 
nobody on Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 11:50:28PM +0200
References: <766c52281b32a05c18c8d72d70e6756c
Unfortunately for your inbox, and fortunately, perhaps, for the
continued viability of procmail, I have no intention of changing my
interactions with Choate or others based on your personal preferences.

@_date: 2001-08-05 00:26:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Demime & CDRs (was Re: Security Against Compelled 
Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 12:00:34PM -0700
References: <20010804010725.C30609
  <20010804120034.A4348
I have no problem with demime-ing posts, and applaud Eric's work
to maintain a readable cypherpunks node.
My only point, addressed to the fellow who sent an attachment,
is that sending such things to any cypherpunks node makes little
sense. Many of the more frequent posters now use the lne.com node,
so we'll never see your attachment. And, depending on where the
message enters the system, others may not either.

@_date: 2001-08-05 00:28:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Demime & CDRs (was Re: Security Against Compelled 
References: <20010804120034.A4348
Could you provide some cites to the U.S. Constitution, the
Bill of Rights, and some recent articles on Slashdot to back up that point?
Always looking to learn something new and novel,

@_date: 2001-08-05 01:13:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Governors Seeking Internet Tax 
schear on Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 09:49:32PM -0700
References: <3B6CA656.2C89501
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010804214156.03dd0770
I'm no expert on this -- in fact, I've studiously avoided becoming one
on this -- but my understanding is that under the Quill decision,
California can't force PennsylvaniaBooks.com to collect sales taxes on
shipments to SF and remit it to the Calif tax collectors.  (Without
nexus, that is.)
Ideally the guvs would like federal law to modify the Quill ruling.

@_date: 2001-08-05 11:33:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
References: <200108050424.f754Oax09164
Last I checked, the vast bulk of remailers were in North America and
Europe. Given sufficient provocation (Bush twins kidnapped, Osama
talking biochemwomdterror in DC), I could easily see a coordinated set
of pre-dawn raids to "gather evidence" and seize computers as part of
a criminal investigation. Obviously the servers would have to be held
as potential evidence for a trial - did they keep logs? our techs will
find out - which could take a decade. This would cripple the current
remailer network and generate almost no public outcry beyond the
cypherpunks and such.

@_date: 2001-08-05 11:41:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Governors Seeking Internet Tax 
tcmay on Sat, Aug 04, 2001 at 11:41:22PM -0700
References: <20010805011321.A26294
  <200108050641.f756fjx09656
Actually under current law you're supposed to be paying tax on such
purchases (you ordering from PennsylvaniaBoks.com, in my example).
But almost nobody does pay taxes on their mail order purchases (that
lack nexus), so the states are peeved.
There are some bills in Congress that would give states the ability to
make these taxes mandatory. There's talk of multistate compacts and
all that, and tax simplificiation. Don't believe it, of course. I've
written about this; search Wired.com for taxes.

@_date: 2001-08-05 12:29:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Governors Seeking Internet Tax 
References: <20010805011321.A26294
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010804214156.03dd0770
  <3B6CA656.2C89501
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010804214156.03dd0770
Actually, this may be one of the few areas -- actual interstate trade and taxes -- that come close to the meaning of the Commerce Clause. I suspect a challenge will have to be made on public policy grounds rather than constitutional ones.

@_date: 2001-08-07 07:13:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Federal cops to get more power in DC 
Great. Just what DC residents need. --Declan
SOCIAL ISSUES D.C. Metropolitan Police and the Federal Protective Service News conference to announce a compact that will allow federal police forces to patrol and make arrests for D.C. Code offenses that occur near their agencies. Participants: Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-D.C.; D.C. Police Chief Charles Ramsey; Kenneth Wainstein, acting U.S. attorney and Andre Jordan , director, Federal Protective Service Location: HC-9, U.S. Capitol. 10 a.m. Contact: Joyce Patterson, 202-225-8050 **NEW**

@_date: 2001-08-07 07:38:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable messages. 
References:  Also, users won't immediately know about the new remailers or have any
idea of their reliability. And while the Feds may be generally
sluggish, when it comes to law enforcement (that is, remailer raids on
anti-terrorism pretexts), I suspect they can be quite efficient.  They
don't have to succeed entirely, just enough to terrorize remailer
operators and/or their Internet providers.

@_date: 2001-08-07 07:49:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Voice crypto: the last crypto taboo 
drevil on Tue, Aug 07, 2001 at 08:19:12AM -0000
References: <200108070518.f775If521393
  <20010807081912.25959.qmail
I think everyone understands PR is important to some extent. But some
reasons why your list is a bad idea:
* the folks most interested in championing certain products are those
who run companies; they're also the ones in the best position to do so
* there's an opportunity cost involved in signing up with a new list.
most of us nowadays are trying to cut down, not increase, subscriptions
* the volume of messages on cpunx, with lne.com and a threaded mailreader,
is perfectly manageable; these discussions can happen here
* good ideas bubble up from the froth; saying no "confrontation" is a
sure way to ensure the better posters don't subscript to your list
for fear of getting the boot if they call someone a flaming idiot
* the folks you do get on the list will probably not have a clue what
they're talking about beyond "marketing cypherpunks is good". hint:
you want some PR people and journalists, and you probably won't get 'em
* cypherpunk technologies are destructive to the status quo and really
can't be honestly spun in any other way

@_date: 2001-08-08 17:07:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Advertisements on Web Pages 
tcmay on Tue, Aug 07, 2001 at 12:34:27PM -0700
References: <3B703D05.F52AB20
  <200108071934.f77JYs525950
NeXT used that line with some of their early designs.
The monitor on my NeXTcube (which I bought in summer 1989) was 1120x832.
Not as good as my current laptop.

@_date: 2001-08-08 19:52:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
hseaver on Tue, Aug 07, 2001 at 11:00:25PM -0500
References: <3B70B957.63D2C2B
But he asked for info on the "national security" aspects of the
highly classified surveillance technique under seal.
Defense attys don't get to see it. See my wired.com article.

@_date: 2001-08-08 19:54:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
hseaver on Wed, Aug 08, 2001 at 12:24:47AM -0500
References:   <3B70CD1C.73359D93
We've covered this on Politech:

@_date: 2001-08-08 19:56:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
tcmay on Wed, Aug 08, 2001 at 08:59:55AM -0700
References: <3B70CD1C.73359D93
  <200108081600.f78G0D532541
Yeah. I was in the courtroom in Newark last week for the hearing, and
this wasn't a topic at all. The judge didn't care about the secret
entry, just wanted to learn more about how the bug worked.

@_date: 2001-08-08 20:10:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Advertisements on Web Pages 
tcmay on Wed, Aug 08, 2001 at 11:06:05AM -0700
References:   <200108081806.f78I6L500976
This came up in the DeCSS trial. To the judge, circumvention was

@_date: 2001-08-08 21:11:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: FBI gets cash to spend on anti-encryption research (fwd) 
References: Good luck! Let us know what you hear back!

@_date: 2001-08-08 21:14:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: No fault antitrust 
tcmay on Wed, Aug 08, 2001 at 05:55:52PM -0700
References: <3B717B20.10031.21F5DD0
  <200108090056.f790u7505077

@_date: 2001-08-08 22:01:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, pay per use remailers, and the good ol' days 
References: <3B7071A5.51D20420
Let me play devil's advocate here and say I'm not sure that the existence of PPU remailers would change much.
First, the current state of remailers may be enough for many cypherpunks-interesting projects that do not quite reach the national-security-threat level. Second, it's not clear that even if the improvement existed, there would be sufficient market demand for the service to keep the operators interested in providing continued for-fee operation. (There's overhead involved in just setting up such a service that the activists currently running no-charge remailers don't have.) Other improvements such as better user interface may be necessary. Third, there already is a cousin of a pay-per-use remailer, albeit not with the same utility as mixmaster, in the form of ZKS' Freedom application.
You'd think that if there were sufficient market demand, someone would try to set up such a PPU service. It hasn't happened yet. Explanations might include market inefficiencies in the communication of user preferences to prospective remailer ops, government regulation (spoilation alert!), lack of reasonable payment structure.
Yet some form of PPU remailer could exist today: A remailer would find a cookie and an encrypted-to-PPU-public-key credit card in the body of the message it receives. It would then debit a credit card for, say, $3 and award a credit to that cookie for $2.95 (5 cent per email message charge). Next time another message appeared with that cookie, that same "account" would be debited five cents. The remailer would, unless it's the entry point in the chain, not be able to contact the "account" holder for a recharge, so a client application should handle the balance accounting.
The honesty of the remailer could be verified and published via the usual reputational mechanisms. Though I admit I'd be a bit hesitant to give today's remailers my credit card number.
The usual objection to such a system would be that the feds would impose pressure on the banking system (or credit card companies would do it themselves) and prevent remailer ops from securing merchant accounts. That may be true, but remailers at least today aren't seen as a serious threat. They could get away with it for a while.
Besides, other payment mechanisms, while not quite Chaumian, would work. I presume a similar, and perhaps less complicated, system could be crafted using egold or paypal. Peter Wayner's already using paypal, per his post this week, to sell lightly-protected content. There's always the option of sending physical dollars or 7-11 money orders to open "accounts" with remailers too.
Tim says that "interest in running remailers is waning" and says it's the lack of a Clipper threat. I'm not sure that interest, as a factual point, is actually waning. The remailer-ops mailing list has received 1730 messages since February. There seem to be over a dozen to a score of well-known remailers (perhaps many more lightly-advertised ones), which I recall is about where matters were five years ago. I do of course agree interest in cypherpunks is due in part to a lack of a big, nasty threat. Any political interest group picks up in activism when its enemies are in power or actively threatening them; NOW gains members when Ashcroft is in office; the NRA got a boost under Clinton.
I did note in May 2000 -- and was the first reporter to do so -- that the Council of Europe treaty requires "websites and Internet providers to collect information about their users, a rule that would potentially limit anonymous remailers" ( But that's theoretical since the COE is still a far-off threat and doesn't have the same urgency as a House committee voting to make it a felony to manufacture or distribute unescrowed crypto (this actually happened).
Tim says "the heyday" of cypherpunks was during Clipper and Zimmermann. True. But much has changed since then. People have gone off to start companies; cypherpunkly ideas are no longer new; early cypherpunkish predictions turned out not to be true, at least not yet; there are other interesting areas such as Freenet and P2P to work on; crypto is more-or-less mainstream and certainly corporate; people have peeled off from cypherpunks to join other communities that don't have the same volume of traffic; more sub-par humans seem to infest the cypherpunks list than before; prosecutions of cypherpunks subscribers may have scared off others.
Right now the "crypto activism" equivalent is over in the DMCA camp, trying to "Free Dmitry."

@_date: 2001-08-08 22:28:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, pay per use remailers, and the good ol' days 
declan on Wed, Aug 08, 2001 at 10:01:57PM -0400
References: <3B7071A5.51D20420
  <200108072340.f77Nee527511
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010808210618.0252daa0
Thinking through this a little bit more, such a system wouldn't work
well given today's technology. It would allow an attacker to know with a high degree of certainty the truename (cardname) of someone and link that with an encrypted message. By unwrapping it down the
chain with subpoenas and court orders, it would be possible to get at least the last To: line if not the final text.
Such a situation could be avoided by remailers that use temporary
(changing by the minute, say) keys so that a court order wouldn't be able to succeed in the same way as above. But then that has
the problem of getting the keys to the users of the remailer --
not a terribly difficult thing; given a small # of remailers, all
could be queried in a second or two. A website that collated
the temporary keys (signed by a permanent one) would be a nice service.
Naturally you'd have to trust that at least one remailer was honest --
but you already do that, right?

@_date: 2001-08-09 14:05:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
References: <20010808195231.A23427
  <3B70B957.63D2C2B <3B70B957.63D2C2B
Huh? Judges accept things under seal all the time. Wiretap orders, for instance. The complaint in the Sklyarov case, for another. The judiciary has even has fairly in-depth internal security procedures (I quoted from some in recent Wired articles on Scarfo) triggered when certain classified document cases come up.

@_date: 2001-08-09 17:03:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010809140337.024caec0
You should read the judge's order, available at epic.org. The report on the tech is not what will be submitted under seal.

@_date: 2001-08-09 19:53:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
tcmay on Thu, Aug 09, 2001 at 12:17:45PM -0700
References:  <200108091917.f79JHt511283
Even by then, it was a relatively old idea.  In 1988 or 1989, Richard
Crandall wrote an application called "Godzilla" (later renamed Zilla
after trademark threats) for NeXT computers that did parallel
computation and was configurable. It was remarkably ahead of its
time. I think it even was a screensaver too. NeXT used it at their
corporate HQ in Redwood City (where I worked in 1990) and it was also
available via the usual wustl/etc. FTP sites.

@_date: 2001-08-10 10:06:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anti-spam, protocols, and the market at work 
This exchange is about writing code, somewhat cypherpunkly.

@_date: 2001-08-12 01:33:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
on Sat, Aug 11, 2001 at 04:49:26AM -0700
References: <3B71DB0A.15148.B9E4F9
  <3B74B956.19472.F048D
In the long run, perhaps. But it is dangerous to underestimate the
strength and determination of an adversary that has perhaps $1 trillion
(in the U.S. alone) in resources to draw on.
Dying elephants can cause violent disruptions on their way down.

@_date: 2001-08-12 01:38:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Linearized computations - was  OCR 
References: I had thoughts along a similar line as Peter's, except to use numbers.
Include with  tags some .GIFs and ask the person/bot to type in
the numbers in the GIFs. Generate the filenames randomly and expire
them after five minutes. Should take you 10 minutes to write a
prototype CGI script in Perl.

@_date: 2001-08-12 01:41:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
drevil on Sat, Aug 11, 2001 at 08:46:20PM -0000
References:   <20010811204620.31995.qmail
The thread is only about 15 posts so far.
And there have been similar threads for the better part of a decade.
Trying to discourage them is not exactly going to work.
Heck, you could say the same thing about "cryptoanarchy wrecking the
tax system" or "anonymous remailers would let terrorists communicate
with impunity."

@_date: 2001-08-12 01:44:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
05:24:22PM +0200
References: <200108101430.f7AEUXY17230
It would be difficult to shut down the list if it could resume
as "cryptopunks" or something on someone else's server or a Usenet
newsgroup. I see it (this is not a close analog, but I like it) as a bunch of
people discussing stuff in a public park. Do you shut down the park,
or the park's speaker corner, because of some alleged bad actors?
Besides, discussions about bomb making, Feinstein's attempts
notwithstanding, are presumptively legal in the U.S.

@_date: 2001-08-12 01:53:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: It's DMCA, stupid (was Re: Child Porn - The Lies of 
t >; from nobody on Fri, Aug 10, 2001 at
  02:21:11AM -0500
References: <69f8e65cebd5b093faaeff489cc9d197
  >
 > >
porn" (that is recording visible-light illuminated genitals of humans
of various ages below government-sanctioned limit and displaying
them.) US Government owns the copyright to penises and vaginas of all
its subjects and will diligently pursue all infringements.
The phrase is "lascivious exhibition of the genitals." If I recall
properly, courts have stretched that phrase to include as child
pornography videotapes of clothed girls in leotards.

@_date: 2001-08-12 02:03:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Currently on alt.politics.org.cia there are some interesting discussions ... 
References: Ah, thanks for the very useful tip. I'll jump right on it. While you're
at it, perhaps you could summarize recent discussions that took place
on the newsgroup, paying particular attention to the orbital mind
control lasers.

@_date: 2001-08-12 12:42:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Any problems with LNE? 
References: <3B765439.9039.9C4CA76
I'm having problems with the lne.com node. No messages from late Thursday
through Saturday evening. Then another halt of about 18 hours until midday
Sunday. It's almost like the mail server was just dumping the messages
into a queue and not processing them for days at a time.
Until the last week, lne has been very reliable. Can anyone explain
what's going on?

@_date: 2001-08-12 16:28:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Any problems with LNE? 
References: <3B765439.9039.9C4CA76 <20010812124217.A20344
Eric was kind enough to write to me with details. It appears to be
a localized problem and a fix is underway. --Declan

@_date: 2001-08-13 10:59:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
10:30:14AM -0400
References: Right. I know people who are NSA employees, technical ones, with
surprisingly enviable jobs. They put in four 10 hour days and can
count it as a week.  In fact, because in some areas (system
administrators, hardware techs) NSA has more people than they need,
the people I know often stay home one extra day a week.
So that's a three day work week, with a high-five figure salary, a
security clearance that will instantly get you a better paid job in
the consulting/contracting industry if you leave, and the security of
government work. Not a job that'll let you change the world, perhaps,
but not terribly dismal either.

@_date: 2001-08-13 11:31:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: South Africa moves to increase Net-surveillance, limit 
A quick summary of South Africa's "Interception and Monitoring" bill, which has cleared the Cabinet and is heading for a vote in the Parliament:
* Internet providers and telephone companies must provide a pipe to a National Monitoring Center for Carnivoresque surveillance. "The Police Service, the Defence Force, the Agency, the Service and the Directorate must, at State expense, establish, equip, operate and maintain central monitoring centres... Duplicate signals of communications authorized to be monitored in terms of this Act, must be routed by the service provider concerned to the designated central monitoring centre concerned."
* Internet providers may not "provide any telecommunication service which does not have the capacity to be monitored." A provider is responsible for "decrypting any communication encrypted by a customer if the facility for encryption was provided by the service provider concerned." This represents an attack on liberty, privacy, and autonomy, and is akin to anti-encryption rules in Russia a few years ago. Though as a practical matter, a lot would seem to turn on the definition of "provide." Does that mean giving someone an SSL-enabled web browser? IPv6 software?
* The legislation bans the provision of anonymous Internet access. It says: "A service provider must... require from such person his or her full names, residential, business or postal address and identity number."
* Internet providers and telcos must pay for their own surveillance. "A service provider must at own cost and within the period, if any, specified by the Minister of Communications in a directive referred to in subsection (4)(a), acquire the necessary facilities and devices to enable the monitoring of communications in terms of this Act. The investment, technical, maintenance and operating costs in enabling a telecommunication service to be monitored, must be carried by the service provider providing such a service."
* Internet providers cannot reveal wiretaps. "No person who is or was concerned in the performance of any function in terms of this Act, may disclose any information which he or she obtained in the performance of such a function" (except to officials or courts).
The text of the legislation is here:
Protests over SA 'snooping' bill
2001-08-13 06:10:06
    By Philippa Garson in Johannesburg
    Protests are growing in South Africa against the country's plan to
    give the security services new powers to monitor terrorists and
    serious criminals.
    Opponents say the Interception and Monitoring Bill is draconian,
    describing it as a charter for government snooping.
    Given only three weeks to make submissions on the Bill, non-government
    organisations have been making last-ditch attempts to garner more time
    to respond before the 13 August deadline.
    The bill was quietly passed by South Africa's Cabinet last month,
    largely catching the public unawares.
    It provides for state monitoring of all telecommunications systems,
    including mobile phones, internet and e-mail, once permission has been
    granted by relevant authorities.
    In most cases a judge must grant the order, but in some instances a
    police or army officer of a particular rank may do so.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-08-13 11:48:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Rand report: Facecams can thwart terrorism, install them now! 
[I've copied the author of the paper, a Rand analyst named John Woodward. He is an attorney who lives in Virginia and was most recently a CIA operations officer for 12 years, according to his bio, in addition to being the CIA Staff Assistant to the Undersecretary of Defense for Policy at the Pentagon. --Declan]

@_date: 2001-08-13 15:22:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation.  Was: ... 
References: Minor note: I'd argue that insurance requirements, in a free market,
are in the end driven by losses or prospective losses.

@_date: 2001-08-14 00:59:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Russian Programmer Not Eager to be Celebrity 
from measl on Mon, Aug 13, 2001 at 09:06:48PM -0500
References: <20010813214931.17156.qmail
There are two obvious ways to defend Sklyarov:
* This person is a great guy, wife, two kids, smart, grad student,
academic, researcher, programmer, cryptologist, etc. He didn't do
anything except piss off Adobe, and the DMCA is unconstitional anyway,
so let him go free.
* Okay, Sklyarov may be a spamware writer and we may worry about his
poor sense of ethics and in fact he's not someone we'd want to spend
any time with in person, but he should go free since the DMCA is
unconstitutional and spamware, though we hate it, is 1A-protected.
I think the antispammers are taking position  Nobody I have read
says he should be locked up because of writing spamware.

@_date: 2001-08-14 10:37:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
Background from Politech archives:
"Net-sex NRC panel asks for testimony, will hold regional mtgs"
"Patricia Nell Warren's comments to NAS porn panel"
"National Academy of Sciences panel hears about porn & kids"
"Free speech advocates fret about NAS Net-porn commission"

@_date: 2001-08-14 17:36:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
tcmay on Tue, Aug 14, 2001 at 01:53:58PM -0700
References:   <200108142053.f7EKrfC07440
The NRC study will be very important in Washington DC circles (less
important than the Meese commission, more important than the COPA
Commission). While it may be of passing interest to cypherpunks, many
of these topics have been discussed before, as Tim says, which
explains why there's little reaction.

@_date: 2001-08-14 18:03:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: If we had key escrow, Scarfo wouldn't be a problem 
The Washington Post finally catches on to the fact that the Scarfo case exists, a few weeks after everyone else wrote about the hearing in Newark. The front-page story today by Jonathan Krim contains this memorable passage:
"Encryption is virtually unbreakable by police today, with programs that can be bought for $15," said Stewart Baker, former general counsel of the National Security Agency and now partner at the Washington law firm Steptoe & Johnson. Although agreeing that surveillance should be done under strict guidelines, Baker said that "to a degree, the privacy groups got us into this by arguing that there should be no limits on encryption, and the police have to deal with it."

@_date: 2001-08-14 19:17:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
tcmay on Tue, Aug 14, 2001 at 03:32:06PM -0700
References: <20010814173619.A728
  <200108142231.f7EMVvC08027
The NRC is very prestigious. It is part of the even more prestigious
National Academies, which includes the Nataional Academy of Sciences,
the National Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine.
It's not really the NRC's fault; Congress made them do it in a
recently-enacted law. NRC staffers are trying to make the most of it
(though quitting is also an option). The real story here is the risks
of having a government-funded "science" center tasked with
"investigating" political issues like Net porn. Private research
institutions don't have the same problem.
I found it in a used bookstore yesterday on 18th st NW. Maybe I can
offload mine there too.

@_date: 2001-08-14 19:18:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
References: <200108142053.f7EKrfC07440 No cynicism necessary. That's what's probably going to happen.

@_date: 2001-08-15 20:13:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
References: <200108142231.f7EMVvC08027
That's a common argument with which many Americans would probably
agree. Eric Freedman at Hofstra law school has written a nice piece
refuting it. It may even be available online.
The prevailing community standards of online communities like xxx sites
seem to be pretty liberal. :)
Perhaps, but nice gestures lead to slippery slopes, IMHO.
-Declan

@_date: 2001-08-15 20:14:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NRC asks for reviewers for forthcoming Internet porn report 
References:  Well put. Photographs of murder are legal for newspapers to reproduce,
generally speaking, why not porn? But we can't expect Choate to get this.
(Additional hint to Choate: Murder is illegal, having sex generally isn't.)

@_date: 2001-08-15 20:17:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
tcmay on Wed, Aug 15, 2001 at 04:55:09PM -0700
References: <200108152334.TAA20261
  <200108152354.f7FNspC13329
At one point Seth was capable of sane arguments and discussions
without insults. This was, of course, many years ago, and now he's
just nutty and should not be taken particularly seriously.

@_date: 2001-08-16 01:04:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
tcmay on Wed, Aug 15, 2001 at 07:01:32PM -0700
References: <20010815212142.A26371
  <200108160201.f7G21DC13974
That is correct. I refused to do anything except confirm I wrote the
article (first I hired a lawyer tried to quash the subpoena, but the
judge did not grant our motion). That's why AUSA London asked the
judge to declare me a "hostile witness". My writeup is here:
Naturally I will not reveal conversations I have as part of my
newsgathering role that are confidential, private, on background,
off-the-record, etc. Because my job requires that I be on call 24
hours and many conversations can be potentially related to topics I
cover, I believe it is prudent to take a broad view of what I consider
to be protected from prosecutorial inquiries.
I don't think the transcript is online. I've been planning to
buy it, and I'll get around to it next month.
Anyway, Seth is becoming increasingly deranged; I'm not sure
it's worth taking him seriously even to write a few paragraphs in

@_date: 2001-08-16 11:09:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
sethf on Thu, Aug 16, 2001 at 08:28:42AM -0400
References: <200108160312.XAA20687
  <200108160407.f7G47YC14635
  <200108161228.IAA21799
Of course, the opposing view is here:
No, plenty of lefties think Seth is deranged as well. Some, like Michael Sims of Slashdot, have gone public with their thoughts.
I suspect this will be my last post in this thread. Arguing with Net-loons
on a crusade is usually not a very productive experience in general,
and in this case in particular even more so.

@_date: 2001-08-16 18:34:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "No Thanks, I'm Just Browsing!" 
[I do not vouch for the validity of this message or the safety of this .exe file, if it even makes its way past majordomo. --Declan]
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of FogNowLoader.exe]

@_date: 2001-08-17 00:00:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
References: <3B7C5394.D7F1A751
Jim Choate  wrote :
 >As to you, the only thing I told them was you worked for Intel, made some
 >money, retired, live out in the boonies with a bunch of guns, and talked a
 >lot of crap.
When even tell them that? I know that it's easier not to talk to the
Feds when you've got a team of lawyers on your side, and I don't
really (for once) mean to pick on Jim, but I'm not sure what such
polite chitchat accomplishes. What I can imagine is how words --
"bunch of guns" -- can be twisted and used against Tim or other

@_date: 2001-08-17 13:15:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
tcmay on Thu, Aug 16, 2001 at 10:05:45PM -0700
References:  <200108170506.f7H56WC19551
In fact, we do have voluntary self-labeling already. Any responsible
webmaster will include meta tags, and adult sites generally want to
be found, so they'll lard up with XXX HOT SEXY ASIAN BABES etc.
On my own site, I use meta tags to denote nude photos, so properly-configured
browsers can stay away (
That is what the market has come to decide on. There is demand for keywords, even these inexact ones. XML will speed this process.
Other systems, such as RSACi, have their birth in government pressure
and there is no evidence the market would move to adopt them in the
absence of government pressure. Born in sin and bereft of virtue,
they should be opposed.

@_date: 2001-08-18 10:25:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>; from reeza on Fri, Aug 17, 2001 at 12:52:09PM -1000
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010817061916.00e4e260
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
On Fri, Aug 17, 2001 at 12:52:09PM -1000, Reese wrote, quoting Aimee:
Of course government agents can and probably will use remailers.
Heck, they can pose as journalists, priests, etc. complete with fake
ID and cover stories and commit felonies. Using mixmaster is nothing
by comparison. The government has created the Onion Routing project
expressly to protect the identity of government workers, including
Aimee was having fun with you, and I can't exactly blame her.

@_date: 2001-08-18 10:28:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feds patent onion routing (Was: Pentagon Hides Behind Onion Wraps) 
References: The most cypherpunk-relevant bits of my article:
Syverson said that the U.S. government was awarded patent number
6,266,704 for Onion Routing on July 24.
That announcement prompted an angry reaction from Usenix attendees,
many of whom are programmers, security consultants and system
administrators who aren't big fans of software patents -- especially
in the area of anonymous communications, where there's been so much
prior work before the Navy ever got involved.
Mathematician David Chaum, for instance, wrote an article titled
"Untraceable Electronic Mail, Return Addresses and Digital Pseudonyms"
for Communications of the ACM as far back as 1981. Lance Cottrell, who
now runs anonymizer.com, wrote part of the mixmaster system in the
early 1990s, and similar techniques were discussed on the cypherpunks
mailing list even earlier.
Syverson, who is listed on the patent with co-inventors Michael Reed
and David Goldschlag, defended the government's move. "It is a
necessary step for those of us working for the government to bring
technology to the public," Syverson said.
The patent describes Onion Routing, which has been the subject of
analysis at previous security conferences, as providing "an electronic
communication path between an initiator and a responder on a
packet-switching network comprising an onion routing network that
safeguards against traffic analysis and eavesdropping by other users
of the packet switching network" such as the Internet.

@_date: 2001-08-18 10:59:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>
References: <20010818102531.B10513
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817061916.00e4e260
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
I can't blame her for taunting not-so-happy and not-very-fun Reese. Spare me the cries of offended dignity; they hardly sound convincing when one has little to begin with.

@_date: 2001-08-18 12:05:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010818105737.02128b70
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010818042931.01a9bda0 >
  <20010818102531.B10513
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817061916.00e4e260
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010817112401.033757b0
Paranoia becomes you. I didn't "come to Aimee's defense" -- I took issue with your post. One can (indeed almost has a moral obligation to) do the latter without engaging in the former.
As for Aimee, Tim's criticisms of her have been reasonably accurate. She, as I have pointed out in the past, writes in strangely stilted English, has not done standard things like reading through some of the early cypherpunkish texts before suggesting ostensibly novel topics that have been well-discussed here before, and so on.
The difference is that she shows promise -- her posts are becoming more relevant and comprehensible -- and you do not and likely never will.
I expect this will be my last post in this sad, Reese-infested thread.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:18:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
References: <200108170506.f7H56WC19551
No. If I start a bakery that competes with yours and takes customers
from yours, I have "harmed" you. Yet this is something that society
If I successfully woo your girlfriend/boyfriend, I have "harmed" you.
Yet this is seen as acceptable, or at least not illegal, behavior.
What is "harmful" is not necessarily illegal or tortuous.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:22:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
tcmay on Tue, Aug 21, 2001 at 08:28:27AM -0700
References:  <200108211530.f7LFUjf18630
As I suspect Tim knows, this is already the case in Texas:

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:35:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: lawyerpunks-in-training...? 
sfurlong on Mon, Aug 20, 2001 at 07:00:57AM -0500
References: An interesting project, and I wish you well. You may be in a good position
to respond to nastygrams that lawyers beating up on free software projects
send. But it strikes me that if you want to get involved in even a semi-serious
legal defense, it may be more than you can afford pro bono unless you're
at a large law firm. Even the PETA case (which I wrote about today for Wired) involves over $300K in legal fees and misc. expenses, and that was just
over a domain name.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:41:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
References: Alas, the best policy analysts I've seen are lawyers. Folks in DC, at least,
look down at people who got an easier "policy analysis" degree as people
who couldn't or didn't want to go to law school.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:50:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Send Law Students, Idealists and Grant Proposals.  Was: Re: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
References: <200108211909.f7LJ9Mf19487 <005a01c12ad4$1d7fe980$00010a0a
Right. Look at who did handle the only DMCA trial: Martin Garbus, someone
whose personality may be lacking in some ways, but not a lawyer who came right
out of law school.
EFF in 1999:
Salaries and names of top officials: Money spent on salary: 	$ 462,368
CDT in 1999:
Salaries and names of top officials: These are all lawyers with a decade or more of work experience.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:55:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Send Law Students, Idealists and Grant Proposals.  Was: Re: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
References: <200108211909.f7LJ9Mf19487 <005a01c12ad4$1d7fe980$00010a0a
I've found this to be true. Every few months I'm on a panel with
general counsel/corporate lawyers. They're some of the most bland
people imaginable. They're even worse when you're interviewing them.

@_date: 2001-08-25 10:59:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
tcmay on Thu, Aug 23, 2001 at 04:14:04PM -0700
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20010823152440.045e8440
  <200108232316.f7NNGEf32737
CFP is in SF next year, so you may want to stop by.
As for "comped scribblers," I am one. But look at it from a
journalist's perspective: We may attend two conferences a week, say at
$1,500/per. Rough estimates, then, would be over $150,000 a year, more
than most journalists make.
Paying that much in conference fees is not feasible, and conference
organizers generally understand this and let us in free (we may pay for
meals) in exchange for publicity.

@_date: 2001-08-25 11:20:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Not black helicopters, but dark green ones ( Off Topic ) 
Aug 24, 2001 at 10:49:57AM -0700
References: <3B8693C5.92F26D40
Some impressive-but-annoying A-10s blasted over me last month while I
was in Nevada, nearing the California border en route to Death Valley:
Guess there's just Macedonia left?

@_date: 2001-08-25 11:38:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Choatebot: Alive and prolific 
If anyone needed further proof that Jim Choate is suffering from an advanced form of message-forwarding-related-dementia, or is a 'bot sent to infest cypherpunks, consider the below.
Recently we saw two call-for-papers messages for the 2002 Financial Cryptography conference forwarded to cypherpunks. Both were identical (except for headers). Yet Choate forwarded both: One on Tuesday evening and the other on Wednesday morning. The reason for this strange behavior is left as an exercise for the reader.

@_date: 2001-08-25 11:41:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Two consecutive (not concurrent) sentences, sez the judge yesterday. Jim made a statement to the court. Judge agreed with prosecutors' maximum penalties (otherwise sentences would have been concurrent). See Wired News, probably on Monday, for details.

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:08:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
References: <20010825101838.A12511 Depends on what you mean by "harm." If I can't pay my rent, I go bankrupt,
I can't put my kids through college, I lose my life savings and my respect
in the community, and get divorced, etc. -- some folks might count that
as harm. I would not say it is harm that has a legal cause of action.
(What am I doing wasting my time correcting Choate? Sigh.)

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:10:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PETA gets control of parody peta.org domain, says appeals court 
Ethical Treatment of PETA Domain
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Aug. 25, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- A federal appeals court has ruled that a website titled
    "People Eating Tasty Animals" is not only a bad joke, but also an
    unlawful one.
    The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals said this week that the peta.org
    domain name, registered in 1995 by a man who planned to parody the
    nonprofit group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, was an
    illegal trademark infringement.
    Michael Doughney's peta.org parody site lampooned vegetarianism --
    which the real PETA insists upon -- and applauded carnivorism, dubbing
    itself a tongue-in-cheek "resource for those who enjoy eating meat,
    wearing fur and leather, hunting and the fruits of scientific
    research." (PETA opposes medical research on animals even in cases
    where human lives could be saved.)
    The site's not-so-subtle mockery was red meat to PETA officials, who
    promptly sued, convinced a federal judge they were right, and then
    demanded Doughney pay them over $300,000 in attorney's fees and court
    costs, including photocopying, faxes, courier services, postage,
    travel, mileage, tolls and parking, long distance telephone calls and
    "miscellaneous" items.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:54:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
tcmay on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 09:02:06AM -0700
References: <20010825105958.G12511
  <200108251604.f7PG4Ff07433
Tim, you haven't been to that many commercial conferences recently. I
spoke at Internet World last month, and that's exactly how much it is.
Even given the economic downturn, they haven't dropped the price.
It's still $1,500 for the fall IW:
Maybe. But here in DC, there are scores of such conferences each year,
and I could easily go to one or two a week. Some of my colleagues at
other news organizations, like National Journal Tech Daily, do that.
Even "nonprofit" conferences are still pricey:
$685 Probably. Usually there are only a few (~20) journalists who are actually
going to cover the event.

@_date: 2001-08-25 12:57:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
tcmay on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 09:38:34AM -0700
References: <20010825105958.G12511
  <200108251640.f7PGegf07654
Maybe. But so far, market forces have prompted few conferences to try
to push journalists around and try to make this argument. I covered
PFF's Aspen conference this week. If I had to pay $800, I probably
wouldn't have gone.
Tim, you're not thinking like a Washingtonian. The point of having CFP
held in other cities (and, in the case of Toronto, another country
last year) is so Washingtonians get a nice junket.

@_date: 2001-08-25 13:00:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
jya on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 12:12:03PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
Can you post that in another format? Individual JPGs or GIFs or PDF?
My version of Photoshop can't open the TIFF file you posted.

@_date: 2001-08-25 14:16:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 10:51:28AM -0700
References: <200108251619.MAA00074
  <20010825105128.A8166
Right. Jim's only witness called in his defense was, well, Jim.
Let me speak up in defense of replying to the poster and the list in
at least some cases. Obviously replying to a long To: line of a dozen
people is just poor manners. But there are at least three advantages
that come to mind when copying the original poster:
1. Email sent individually to someone reaches them faster than
when replying to the list. I've often had half-day lag times in
the past with cypherpunks.
2. Email sent individually to someone will reach them when the list is offline. This happened to me earlier this month when my cpunx node was offline for three or so days.
3. In my case, I subscribe under a different (but obvious) address
than my well.com one. If copied on a reply, I'll see it sooner than
than if I open the cypherpunks folder on my *nix machine.
Naturally some folks (John, Tim) have expressed a preference not
to be copied on messages.

@_date: 2001-08-25 14:58:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
jya on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 02:13:33PM -0700
References: <200108251619.MAA00074
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <20010825130000.C14762
  <200108251821.OAA15821
Other coverage:

@_date: 2001-08-25 16:21:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
from dmolnar on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 03:19:49PM -0400
References: <200108251604.f7PG4Ff07433
I'm looking forward to that. Wish I had made the first one.
Tim, if you don't want to pay the admission fee, why don't you go as a journalist/columnist/commentator? It'll help you get started down the
pundit circuit. :)

@_date: 2001-08-25 16:37:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
jya on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 03:44:25PM -0700
References: <200108251821.OAA15821
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <20010825130000.C14762
  <200108251821.OAA15821
  <20010825145853.B16765
  <200108251952.PAA17636
John, calm down. I replied to all on a message you wrote; I asked
you for a different file format. It had nothing to do with the
substance of the case.
Also, your "if my name does not show up on the To: line I'm OK" is
terribly naive. A prosecutor would show to the jury the "In-Reply-To:"
header that shows I'm replying to your message, the quoted text below
which demonstrates the same thing, or even the fact that I started
this message with your name, as you did to me.
The problem with your analysis is that it's impressionist, and perhaps
a little terrified. You chose to testify without hiring a lawyer, a
bad move that left you at the mercy of the prosecutor. What you should
have done (if you have the resources; I know cryptome is hardly a
for-profit venture) is said you were a journalist and refused to
answer questions beyond did-you-publish-this-article. (At the time,
you told me representing yourself on the stand gave you more leeway
and protection, a belief that turned out not to be correct.)
Instead, you ended up chatting as much as that local reporter.
Just because the "homeland war" -- which you seem overly fixated on --
will likely lead to an erosion of some liberties, it does not
logically follow that it will lead to an erosion of all of them.  I
urge you and any other publisher/reporter/commentator types reading
this not to stand up for your First Amendment rights and not assume
that you must divulge unpublished information about sources if you
happen to receive a subpoena. See documents at:
I don't remember telling you that what you (John Young) told me would
be "someday revealed in court" and I suspect you
misunderstood. (Unless I was talking about wiretaps or electronic
surveillance.) I did not reveal what, if anything, Jim Bell told me,
during my brief courtroom appearance, which prompted the prosecutor to
say I was a "hostile witness." As I've said here quite, my general
policy is that I treat information that I collect during newsgathering
and reporting purposes in confidence. Most other reporters do the same,
and complaining about "homeland wars" does not change that fact.

@_date: 2001-08-25 16:45:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 04:37:37PM -0400
References: <200108251821.OAA15821
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
  <200108251619.MAA00074
  <20010825130000.C14762
  <200108251821.OAA15821
  <20010825145853.B16765
  <200108251952.PAA17636
  <20010825163737.B18435
Too many "not"s in that sentence. I obviously meant that you should
stand up for your 1A rights as a reporter/publisher/commentator.
That does impose a cost (mental and legal), true. But if you want to
be a reporter/publisher/commentator, it's the cost of doing business.

@_date: 2001-08-25 16:47:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
tcmay on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 01:32:31PM -0700
References: <20010825162122.A18435
  <200108252034.f7PKYdf09267
Let me know if you're turned down. BTW reporters have to pay for
banquets and lunch/dinners at CFP. Some are $50.

@_date: 2001-08-25 18:12:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reporter's shield laws 
References: <20010825164536.C18435
Right. Especially nowadays, anyone can be a reporter/commentator. I do encourage Tim to apply for CFP press credentials and report back on what happens. I suspect most folks on the program committee are at least passingly familiar with what he's written, so he should get the most receptive audience possible.
My understanding is that it doesn't matter since U.S. v. Jim Bell was a federal prosecution.
I agree that John Young should be considered a reporter. And also a commentator, which falls under the journalism umbrella: John and I both spoke at a conference organized by a journalist-1A group, the Freedom Forum, in NYC. John spoke last week at Usenix Security in DC.
John now seems to be saying anything-you-tell-me-will-be-disclosed, but in the past he's offered guarantees of confidentiality (as I do with news tips) to people who provide him with documents to post on cryptome. Many cryptome items are marked as "provided by anonymous." If John gets a subpoena, surely he doesn't mean he'll spill his guts to prosecutors without a fight? If he doesn't stand by cryptome's apparent promises of confidentiality, he should clarify that immediately and publicly.
Anyway, I do think the scope of civil and criminal discovery is too broad. Still, I think it's possible to differentiate between people involved or suspected of being involved in a criminal act (Clinton, Tripp, Condit, perhaps Vinnie, in your example) and neutral observers and commentators.
Maybe, maybe not. You should read our briefs. See below.
A. The Burden Imposed By Subpoenas Such As The One At Issue Here Has Caused The Courts To Extend The Privilege To Unpublished Information
In Branzburg v. Hayes, 408 U.S. 665, 707 (1972), the United States Supreme Court recognized that journalists' newsgathering activities qualify for protection under the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. The Court concluded that "without some protection for seeking out the news, freedom of the press could be eviscerated." Id. at 681. Justice Powell, in casting the deciding fifth vote, stated that "[t]he Court does not hold that newsmen, subpoenaed to testify before a grand jury, are without constitutional rights with respect to the gathering of news or in the safeguarding of their sources." Id. at 709 (Powell, J., concurring). Although the Court did not permit the reporters in the Branzburg case to refuse to appear and testify before grand juries, federal courts have interpreted Branzburg as recognizing a qualified privilege that protects information gathered by journalists in preparation for new s reports, but which has not been published. See, e.g., Cuthbertson I, 630 F.2d at 146-47; Von Bulow v. Von Bulow, 811 F.2d 136, 143 (2d Cir. 1987); United States v. LaRouche Campaign, 841 F.2d 1176, 1181-82 (1st Cir. 1988).
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has recognized this First Amendment privilege in the context of criminal proceedings, Farr v. Pitchess, 522 F.2d 464, 467-68 (9th Cir. 1975), cert. denied, 427 U.S. 912 (1976), and has held that the privilege protects unpublished information, even if it is not obtained under an agreement of confidentiality, Shoen v. Shoen, 5 F.3d 1289, 1295 (9th Cir. 1993) ("Shoen I"). A court must weigh any claim of First Amendment privilege against the need for disclosure and strike a balance in favor of the "paramount interest." Farr, 522 F.2d at 468.
The Ninth Circuit explained in Shoen I that "the privilege is a recognition that society's interest in protecting the integrity of the newsgathering process, and in ensuring the free flow of information to the public, is an interest 'of sufficient social importance to justify some incidental sacrifice of sources of facts needed in the administration of justice.'" 5 F.3d at 1292 (quoting Herbert v. Lando, 441 U.S. 153, 183 (Brennan, J., dissenting).). Protection of unpublished information is critical to freedom of speech, even where it is not gained under a promise of confidentiality, because routine demands for such information in court will interfere with journalists' work and independence. The Ninth Circuit stated:
"The . . . four interests named are the threat of administrative and judicial intrusion into the newsgathering and editorial process; the disadvantage of a journalist appearing to be an investigative arm of the judicial system or a research tool of government or of a private party; the disincentive to compile and preserve non-broadcast material; and the burden on journalists' time and resources in responding to subpoenas." . . .
To the extent that compelled disclosure becomes commonplace, it seems likely indeed that internal policies of destruction of materials may be devised and choices as to subject matter made, which could be keyed to avoiding disclosure requests or compliance therewith rather than to the basic function of providing news and comment. In addition, frequency of subpoenas would not only preempt the otherwise productive time of journalists and other employees but measurably increase expenditures for legal fees.
Id. at 1294-95 (quoting LaRouche Campaign, 841 F.2d at 1182).
The Ninth Circuit concluded that requiring journalists to testify impedes their ability to collect information, and thereby chills speech.
"It is their independent status that often enables reporters to gain access, without a pledge of confidentiality, to meetings or places where a policeman or a politician would not be welcome. If perceived as an adjunct of the police or of the courts, journalists might well be shunned by persons who might otherwise give them information without a promise of confidentiality, barred from meetings which they would otherwise be free to attend and to describe, or even physically harassed if, for example, observed taking notes or photographs at a public rally.
Id. at 1295 (quoting Duane D. Morse & John W. Zucker, The Journalist's Privilege in Testimonial Privileges (Scott N. Stone & Ronald S. Liebman eds., 1983), at 474-75).
The Third Circuit reached the same conclusion in Cuthbertson, a criminal We do not think that the privilege can be limited solely to protection of sources. The compelled production of a reporter's resource materials can constitute a significant intrusion into the newsgathering and editorial processes. See Loadholtz v. Fields, 389 F. Supp. 1299, 1303 (M.D. Fla. 1975). Like the compelled disclosure of confidential sources, it may substantially undercut the public policy favoring the free flow of information to the public that is the foundation for the privilege. See Riley v. City of Chester, [612 F.2d 708, 716 (3d Cir. 1979)]. Therefore, we hold that the privilege extends to unpublished materials in the possession of CBS. See Altemose Construction Co. v. Building & Construction Trades Council, 443 F. Supp. 489, 491 (E.D. Pa. 1977) ("this qualified privilege can even apply when the news source and, perhaps, a portion of the withheld writing, are not confidential").
Cuthbertson, 630 F.2d at 147.
Democracy's keystone is the dissemination of information to the public, permitting it to make informed choices. This dissemination depends on journalists who are successful in gathering facts, and that, in turn, depends on sources who will not disclose information unless they believe they are dealing with professionals who are trustworthy and objective. By compelling a journalist to disclose work product whenever a litigant views it as helpful to his or her case, a court sacrifices the very First Amendment freedoms that keep our nation informed and our government B. The First Amendment Privilege Can Be Overcome In Only The
Most Limited Of Circumstances
Recognizing the threat that compulsory disclosure of work product posed to the uninhibited flow of information, the Ninth Circuit adopted a three-part test that courts must apply whenever a journalist withholds unpublished information that was not gained under a promise of confidentiality. The test's purpose, the court explained, was to "ensure that compelled disclosure is the exception, not the rule." Shoen v. Shoen, 48 F.3d 412 (9th Cir. 1995) ("Shoen II").
We . . . hold that where information sought is not confidential, a civil litigant is entitled to requested discovery notwithstanding a valid assertion of the journalist's privilege by a nonparty only upon a showing that the requested material is: (1) unavailable despite exhaustion of all reasonable alternative sources; (2) noncumulative; and (3) clearly relevant to an important issue in the case. We note that there must be a showing of actual relevance; a showing of potential relevance will not suffice.
Although the Ninth Circuit has not had the opportunity to apply the three-part test of Shoen II in a criminal case, the Third Circuit has adopted a nearly identical test and applied it to a criminal subpoena that sought unpublished, nonconfidential information:
"First, the movant must demonstrate that he has made an effort to obtain the information from other sources. Second, he must demonstrate that the only access to the information sought is through the journalist and her sources. Finally, the movant must persuade the Court that the information sought is crucial to the claim."
United States v. Cuthbertson, 651 F.2d 189, 195-96 (3d Cir.) ("Cuthbertson II") (quoting United States v. Criden, 633 F.2d 346, 358-59 (3d Cir. 1980), cert. denied, 449 U.S. 113 (1981)), cert. denied, 454 U.S. 1056 (1981).
Application of the First Amendment privilege in a criminal proceeding is just as important as in a civil context. As the Second Circuit held in United States v. Burke, 700 F.2d 70, 76 (2d Cir.), cert. denied, 464 U.S. 816 (1983): "[T]he important social interests in the free flow of information that are protected by the reporter's qualified privilege are particularly compelling in criminal cases. Reporters are to be encouraged to investigate and expose, free from unnecessary government intrusion, evidence of criminal wrongdoing."

@_date: 2001-08-25 23:17:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
bill.stewart on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 05:24:31PM -0700
References: <200108251640.f7PGegf07654
  <20010825105958.G12511
  <200108251640.f7PGegf07654
  <20010825125747.B14762
  <5.0.2.1.1.20010825171522.034b4e80
Bill makes an excellent point. Journalists (especially at a place like
the PFF conference, where technical content is practically zero and
no news happens) are part of the attraction. Lobbyists and execs are
more likely to agree to grace the event with their presence if journalists
show up (CSPAN was there, as were probably 15 reporters). We're part
of the, um, attraction, I guess.

@_date: 2001-08-25 23:25:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
tcmay on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 05:44:39PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010825171522.034b4e80
  <200108260046.f7Q0kkf10421
CFP is still worth attending, but more as a social event nowadays.
It's started to become a corporate-privacy-officer conference. I was
chatting two weeks ago with a friend who's a CPO at one of the
valley's largest firms and my friend was talking about suggesting a
panel on "how firms can comply with european data directive stuff."
Not unimportant in a practical sense, but hardly interesting, or

@_date: 2001-08-25 23:36:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
tcmay on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 06:49:21PM -0700
References:   <200108260151.f7Q1pSf10721
Right, though I see that being the case less so nowadays. The reasons
for this are many, and probably complicated, including the growth of
the federal government, the subcommittee structure divvying up power
in Congress, the rise of the permanent federal bureaucracy, and perhaps
most important, the stunning growth in nonprofit/advocacy groups.
Still, Congress and the agencies will invite stellar technologists and
researchers and scientists to testify on occasion. A handful of
congresscritters may even listen. But the rest will vote the way their
parties/backers/constituents tell them to. I recall there's only one
scientist out of 535 members of Congress, at least last I checked.

@_date: 2001-08-25 23:38:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
com>
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010825113937.02113060
Jim is appealing. He's off to the Supremes, as I wrote about in June, after the 9th Circuit dissed him:
Don't recall who's handling it; I'd have to see if I can dig up those papers (and I just had my office repainted, so it's a mess). Robert Leen may be, which would make for an interesting situation, since he'd presumably have to argue that he was an incompetent lawyer -- but I don't

@_date: 2001-08-25 23:48:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
on Sat, Aug 25, 2001 at 11:25:43PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010825171522.034b4e80
  <200108260046.f7Q0kkf10421
  <20010825232543.B21878
BTW I'm sure Tim is upset he missed "Borderhack":
Privacy advocate Tara Lemmey is CEO of Project Lens, a cooperative
environment between government, public, and the private sector arenas
at the converging point between society and innovation. She is also a
founder of TrustE, a nonprofit organization focused on industry-based
privacy practices on the Internet.
See also:

@_date: 2001-08-26 14:25:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reporter's shield laws 
tcmay on Sun, Aug 26, 2001 at 09:55:05AM -0700
References: <3.0.6.32.20010826090258.00923740
  <200108261657.f7QGv9f14389
I didn't assert the 5A, but the 1A, during my brief experience before
the Grumpy Judge.
What Tim and Dave and John seem not to understand is that journalists
routinely refuse to reveal their sources even when threatened with
subpoenas and contempt of court. Some editors will only hire reporters
who pledge they'll go to jail before revealing a source. Some
journalists may be schmucks -- the local reporter in the Bell case who
took the stand and blabbed for the better part of an hour is one
example -- but many are principled. This may make prosecutors leery
of calling them in the first place. Only 10-20 professional
journalists in the last two decades have been imprisoned, usually for
a period not exceeding a few days, for not revealing their sources.
See the Reporter's Committee for Freedom of the Press for details.

@_date: 2001-08-26 15:06:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reporter's shield laws 
on Sun, Aug 26, 2001 at 02:25:22PM -0400
References: <3.0.6.32.20010826090258.00923740
  <200108261657.f7QGv9f14389
  <20010826142522.E32686
Also, along this line, I've posted some details abuot the Vanessa Leggett case here:

@_date: 2001-08-26 15:19:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reporter's shield laws 
tcmay on Sun, Aug 26, 2001 at 11:59:35AM -0700
References: <20010826142522.E32686
  <200108261901.f7QJ1bf14888
Upon rereading your post, I think it was Dave and John that I should
have mentioned, not you. My apologies.
I found the article I was thinking of, saying 13 reporters jailed
in the last two decades:
John, who I admire, seems to think that the government can wave a wand
called "homeland defense" that will cause journalists around the U.S.
to instantly say, "Oh, we must reveal our sources and what they said."
This is, of course, nonsense -- and even insulting to journalists who
take their responsibilities to sources seriously. If I sound a little
peeved, that's why.
I think you're right on both counts. (While I think John should be
considered a journalist, the public interaction he had with Bell over
the suspected CIA facility would likely make some mainstream
journalism groups like RCFP hesitant to back him.) This is why it
makes sense to talk to an experienced, local, and savvy lawyer before
taking the stand at the prosecutor's behest.

@_date: 2001-08-26 22:19:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Brian K. West's defense lawyer replies to U.S. Attorney 
This is hysterical and worth a read.  Talk about a fiery defense
counsel! --Declan
----- Forwarded message from Declan McCullagh  -----

@_date: 2001-08-27 00:06:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
References: On Sun, Aug 26, 2001 at 10:15:19PM -0400, Faustine wrote, quoting Tim:
If you want to have "enormous influence" on policy, you'd be well advised
to spend your time flirting with a member of the appropriate sex in
the administration, or perhaps the Senate leadership, offering the
appropriate sexual favors, then vie for a position as a policy aide
somewhere. A law degree will be a big help.
Not entirely joking,

@_date: 2001-08-27 08:25:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: nodes 
tcmay on Sun, Aug 26, 2001 at 09:25:20PM -0700
References:   <200108270427.f7R4RJf16530
Lance did post a message in the last month announcing that his cpunx
node was going down. Too much bandwidth devoted to spam, he said.
Other than that, I haven't seen him enter discussions in years, as you said.

@_date: 2001-08-27 08:39:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
TERRORIST ATTACKS Defense Department (DOD), Office of the Secretary of Defense (F.R. Page 42998) Meeting of the Advisory Panel To Assess the Capabilities for Domestic Response to Terrorist Attacks Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction, to run August 27-28. Location: RAND, 1200 South Hayes St., Arlington, VA. 12 noon Contact: 703-413-1100, ext. 5282

@_date: 2001-08-27 08:40:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomd crop terror in dc 
also today...
AGRICULTURE National Academy of Science (NAS) Agriculture and Natural Resources Board meeting on "Defining Science-based Concerns Associated with the Products of Animal Biotechnology," August 27-28. Highlights: 1:15 p.m. - Open session Location: NAS Building, 2100 C St., NW. Contact: Kim Waddell, 202-334-3889, kwaddell at nas.edu, or

@_date: 2001-08-27 09:31:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: hushmail's misery 
HushMail: The misery continues
2001-08-27 04:47:14

@_date: 2001-08-28 01:06:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: nodes 
>; from reeza on Mon, Aug 27, 2001 at 06:14:46AM -1000
References: <200108270427.f7R4RJf16530
  <200108270427.f7R4RJf16530
  <20010827082546.B5646
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010827060521.021d40e0
It was actually bounced messages, not spam, the was the problem. That's
what he told me in private email, not on the list, my mistake.

@_date: 2001-08-28 01:09:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
tcmay on Mon, Aug 27, 2001 at 09:25:07AM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010827083919.0215fd90
  <200108271627.f7RGROf18667
It's a little outside my beat, so I don't usually go. Maybe next time
I'll go and post a summary or write a Wired article. --Declan

@_date: 2001-08-29 22:20:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
nobody on Tue, Aug 28, 2001 at 08:20:12AM +0200
References: <929ebe296fd59116e69e973df3e02999
Methinks N.N. might want to learn the difference between proprietary tools and general technologies.

@_date: 2001-08-29 22:38:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
from bear on Tue, Aug 28, 2001 at 05:28:24PM -0700
References: I suspect Bear has good intentions and may even honestly believe this,
but it is nevertheless misleading. Talking about the political implications of technologies -- and taking
no actions! -- is protected by the full force of the First Amendment.
Johnson got in trouble for allegedly making direct threats of physical
violence. Bell is in jail for most of the next decade because he
crossed state lines and showing up at homes of current or former
federal agents.
It is true that the Feds are monitoring cypherpunks closely, and it is
also probably true that without the stalking charges, they may have
found other charges to levy against Bell. It is also true that if you
embrace AP-type concepts, they may pay closer attention to you. But
even given the tattered First Amendment, there is still a difference
between speech and action.

@_date: 2001-08-29 22:38:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
One should not attempt spelling flames -- almost always in poor taste, anyway --- if one does not know how to spell.
Hint to NN: "Sapience."

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:17:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
aimee.farr on Tue, Aug 28, 2001 at 01:30:42PM -0500
References: <20010828170005.AAA28450+3970112
  .  us> Come, Aimee, I've said before that you are educable. You can do more
than post repetitive look-out-or-you'll-spend-time-in-prison replies,
right? I understand you may want to distance yourself from some folks,
but there may be other ways to do it. (Like not replying in the first

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:28:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
; from frissell on Tue, Aug 28, 2001 at 02:10:14PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010828083155.02f08930
Maybe, but it seems like offense just got a boost. Passive biodefenses
don't work against an active offense. If sniffers start landing on your
skin and taking a microscopic sample, then they won't be trivial to defend against.

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:29:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
Aug 28, 2001 at 01:56:12PM -0700
References: <3B8C056C.3DD60CE2
Sounds like a bit of an urban legend.

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:46:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cypherpunks don't write code. 
from bear on Wed, Aug 29, 2001 at 12:19:56PM -0700
References: Writing certain types of code has long been criminalized. Look
at the export regs that made posting code on a website a felony.
Truly this is not new. Learn, adapt, consult a lawyer if you feel it's necessary and if you're in business and selling the stuff.
But writing code and exercising your free speech rights on a mailing
list are both (in general) protected activities.

@_date: 2001-08-30 10:33:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
References: <20010829232933.C24387
It makes sense that human debris would be a portion of the waste removed, but compared to food items, dead rats, discarded trash and newspapers, it strikes me that it would not be an especially large portion. --Declan

@_date: 2001-08-30 17:16:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Aug 30, 2001 at 12:42:24PM -0700
References: <3B8E9720.76A8EBBE
Can you get put in jail for writing code? Sure. Just ask Dmitry Sklyarov.
Or read the old crypto regs. Or write a bot that posts child porn and
start it going. Lots of ways to run afoul of the law -- and that's in
the U.S., where we may even be a bit more liberal about such things,
and where some circuits even believe source code is free speech.
But it does not logically follow that just because you code something,
such as an anonymous mix or similar system, that you have broken the
law. In fact, you probably haven't.

@_date: 2001-08-30 23:09:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
from measl on Thu, Aug 30, 2001 at 09:12:50PM -0500
References: <20010829223838.B23860
"Measl" sometimes posts worthy stuff, so instead of flaming him, I'll
just say that much of First Amendment jurisprudence is based on the
distinctions between speech and action. It is not an absolute line,
of course, speech ("give me your money or else", falsely shouting
fire in a crowded theater, fighting words) can be suppressed, but it
is a useful distinction nonetheless.

@_date: 2001-08-31 00:43:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Exporing Military encryption to China 
References: <200108310405.XAA00518
Politech coverage:
"Feds nab two PC crypto-exporters allegedly shipping to China"

@_date: 2001-08-31 09:06:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Secret firearms regulation, social science meeting in DC today 
HEALTH Institute of Medicine's Division of Behavioral and Social Sciences and Education Committee on Law and Justice Committee to Improve Research Information and Data on Firearms meeting, August 30-31. Highlights: 8:30 a.m. - Closed session with summary posted after meeting Location: National Academy of Sciences Building, 2100 C St., NW. 8:30 a.m. Contact: Lecia Quarles, 202-334-1844, lquarles at nas.edu

@_date: 2001-08-31 09:29:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
from measl on Thu, Aug 30, 2001 at 11:50:53PM -0500
References: <20010830230925.A16495
It is reasonable to note the distinction between theory and practice.
I'm aware of this; I mentioned it in a Politech message yesterday, which
you may have seen:
But, as I've said before, both CJ and Bell crossed a visible line. I'm
not saying that the location of that speech-vs-action line exists is good,
but it is clear enough. Tim doesn't cross it and neither do just about
all the rest of the posters here. If badge holders don't like what you write,
well, Duncan has told you repeatedly not to answer their questions.
Bell was just getting plain weird at the end:
A. I would like to precede my answer with a comment that yesterday Mr. Leen delivered a death threat to me on behalf of the federal government against myself and six other members of my family if I talked about certain things that happened in 1997 to me at Pierce County and Kitsap County

@_date: 2001-08-31 09:44:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Exporing Military encryption to China 
References: <200108310405.XAA00518 <20010831004316.A31110 <20010831094156.8632.qmail
Are you sure? Looks like it's a crypto-unit that handles WAN functions
as well and can be plugged into a router:

@_date: 2001-08-31 09:58:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Exporing Military encryption to China 
References: <200108310405.XAA00518 <20010831004316.A31110 <20010831094156.8632.qmail
Ah, this seems to be the IP encryptor of choice:

@_date: 2001-08-31 11:12:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
from measl on Fri, Aug 31, 2001 at 08:21:45AM -0500
References: Is it necessary to send this message to cypherpunks twice?

@_date: 2001-08-31 16:51:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
References:  <3B8FDE78.316951D4
Right. Folks in the policy arms of the federal government can be quite
bright. I was in a White House office less than an hour ago meeting
with two WH staffers and they were, as you might expect, smart and
educated and well-spoken.
Not sure how this observation translates to state governments or law
enforcement types.

@_date: 2001-08-31 17:26:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || How Home-Schooling Harms the Nation 
References:  <3B8FDE78.316951D4
 <20010831165128.B30123
More seriously, this isn't a partisan thing. The Clinton WH folks I dealt on a day-to-day basis were just as sharp.

@_date: 2001-08-31 18:54:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: speech + action 
Aug 31, 2001 at 10:59:54AM -0700
References: <3B8FD09A.3F0BF50E
Sure. If you commit unacceptable-to-the-gvt *actions* and also spend a
lot of time talking about how government officials should be
assassinated, you may reasonably expect those statements to be used
against you during your trial.
But that is a far cry from your earlier government-has-this-power
position, from which you're now backtracking.

@_date: 2001-08-31 19:52:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
References: <20010831111233.A23259
A preferable way? I suggest you make a habit of copying *all* cypherpunks nodes -- there were half a dozen at one time, right? -- on your posts to the list. After all, there is indeed a history of one node seeing things and another node not.
But even that may be problematic if a node is down temporarily. Perhaps the only way to be entirely certain all cypherpunks subscribers read your important email is to copy everyone, all 500 or so subscribers, in a very long CC: line. Yes, it's a lot of work, but we'll all thank you for it in the end, I'm sure.

@_date: 2001-12-01 10:58:07
@_author: declan at well.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell update: "AP" author moved to Lompoc federal prison 
Jim Bell photos:
Day-by-day articles on Jim Bell's trial:
   One of the Internet's most famous essayists is now in
   the same prison that once housed the most famous hacker.
   Jim Bell, the author of Assassination Politics, has been moved to the
   Lompoc ("lahm-poke"), California federal prison. It's the same place
   that convicted cracker Kevin Mitnick once called home.
   "I'm assigned out in the rec yard, the recreation yard, but there's
   really not much work to be done, occasionally picking up a cigarette
   butt or two," says Bell, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison this
   year for allegedly stalking federal agents. Bell says he was trying to
   investigate government wrongdoing.
   Bell describes Lompoc, located between Los Angeles and San Francisco,
   as "old and decrepit, and the place is corrupt and the guards are
   lazy."
   Previously, Bell was being held at the SeaTac prison near Tacoma,
   Washington, where his trial took place.
   Since he's got some time to kill, Bell has busied himself by filing
   civil lawsuits against people he alleges were involved in an
   orchestrated plot to deny him a fair trial and an unbiased,
   court-appointed defense counsel. So far he's targeted two judges, at
   least two prosecutors, and his former probation officers and defense
   attorneys.
   Bell says he hasn't had any response yet -- and is going to try to
   obtain a default judgment against the defendants. "I continue to
   remain astonished that I haven't received any answer out of my lawsuit
   yet. It doesn't bother me as long as I collect the money. I think I've
   hit a nerve."
   He's looking forward to "garnishment and putting liens on various
   people's property. If they wanted to write me a check, I'd take a
   check, I guess. But if they want me to go through the usual methods to
   collect it, I'll do that too."

@_date: 2001-12-02 11:16:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: dead reporter found in motel 
from measl on Sat, Dec 01, 2001 at 10:42:49AM -0600
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20011201195553.00a5aeb0
Yeah, it wasn't terrible. But it wasn't up there with the Linux
Chainsaw Massacre either.

@_date: 2001-12-02 13:03:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: dead reporter found in motel 
References: <20011202111619.A8097
Ack, of course you're right.

@_date: 2001-12-07 01:26:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "How To Classify My Item" -- new Commerce Dept course 
U.S. Department of Commerce -
Bureau of Export Administration
Outreach and Educational Services Division
        "How To Classify My Item"
Washington, D.C.
December 7, 2001
This program is for all levels of expertise on export
control issues and will answer questions such as:
  why BXA controls exports
  types of controls
  how to determine the classification of your product

@_date: 2001-12-11 12:20:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: UPI editor: dissent is like soviet propoganda 
References: <20011210145344.A21903
  <3C1364B9.12109.C7FA8D
Well, by your standards, any journalist who makes an innocent mistake would be a liar. I think the truth is that the reporters honestly believed they had a solid story -- but their editors should have stepped in and killed it or postponed it until they had unearthed more evidence. Reporters can get carried away on a story and lose focus; this is why you have multiple layers of editors at most news organizations. I don't remember how the videotape was edited -- you may be right; I just don't remember the details.
Disclaimer: I worked at Time Inc. at the time but was not involved with the story -- I didn't see it until it hit the airwaves/newsstands.

@_date: 2001-12-11 19:42:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
emc on Tue, Dec 11, 2001 at 12:58:49PM -0800
References:   <200112112059.fBBKx4a09251
I'm hardly defending the group's "blacklist," but "big and powerful?"
Come, now.

@_date: 2001-12-12 01:16:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: UPI editor: dissent is like soviet propoganda 
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011211121523.02278070
  <3C15CD33.16918.3370B3
Of course there are other considerations in a settlement, such as avoiding bad publicity -- even if you think you might win a case by arguing you made a mistake but it was not malicious. But you know that.
I expect this will be my last message in the thread.

@_date: 2001-12-12 01:40:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: AP Al Qaeda 
nobody on Tue, Dec 11, 2001 at 08:20:25PM +0100
References: Without getting into any AP discussion, I would point out that there
are some positive things to be said about turning to property taxes.
Also, if you fail to pay your property tax now, it will (in extremis)
be confiscated. Armed resistance to confiscation would be met by
escalation, including, if necessary, military helicopters.

@_date: 2001-12-12 01:49:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
emc on Tue, Dec 11, 2001 at 05:01:11PM -0800
References: <20011211194218.A14237
  <200112120101.fBC11Bl09585
Compared to giants like Brookings? Not well-funded, well-known, big,
nor powerful. Few folks even in DC have heard of it. $1M in grants
over a period of years is not much by Washington policy group standards.

@_date: 2001-12-12 02:01:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
References:  Sigh. Choate on court decisions is like Ashcroft on civil liberties.
Neither understands them.
(Though I admit that Choate makes a common-sense point that does not,
alas, jibe the rulings in the crypto cases.)

@_date: 2001-12-12 10:39:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Steganography, My Ass: The Dangers of Private and 
freematt on Wed, Dec 12, 2001 at 02:29:18AM -0500
References: I always enjoy Jonathan's essays, and this one is no exception. He
properly points out the disturbing analogy that Attorney General
Ashcroft seems to make (
between criticism and treason. The craven broadcast media, as
Jonathan says, buckling to government "please-don't-air-this" pressure
is almost as disgraceful.
But a few points:
* Is it appropriate to use the powerful word "censorship" to describe
what happened when the National Review dropped Ann Coulter? Coulter
has other outlets that will publish her work; she is not muzzled. Like
other news organizations with a certain perspective, the National
Review has an implicit contract with their writers that says something
stuff-far-outside-of-it. In the absence of evidence to the contrary,
it's reasonable to assume that she understood this implicit agreement
when she signed up. More to the point, she (I recall) took her initial
grievance over not running the column public and slammed the editors,
who then axed her. Using "censorship" to characterize the facts of
this dispute weakens the term for when it's really needed -- to
describe government action that puts people in prison cells.
* Of course it's disturbing when government officials tell Americans
to self-censor. But it is also important to note, lest this vital fact
be lost in the charges of "private censorship," that I can think of no
court action the government has taken to prevent people from speaking
or publishing information about the "war on terror." A quick review of
( doesn't show anything.
Obviously phone calls from White House aides can have a chilling
effect, but then again the news organization or ISP can stand firm and
call the government's bluff. (And yes, I'd say this lack of such cases
is due in large part to the actions of civil libertarians like
PS: Not all libertarians believe the "the public responsibilities of
the press are a myth." It's entirely possible to reconcile that phrase
with the idea that a newspaper is a for-profit business.

@_date: 2001-12-12 10:43:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
References: <3C175B8A.8E03FFBF
Choate misunderstands journalism. When writing about an appeals court decision, it's generally not appropriate to cite the ravings of Net.wackos
in an obscure newsgroup or mailing list a decade ago. Choate shows
again he's not merely a Net.wacko; he's a Net.loon.
Heck, I didn't even cite a Harvard Law Review article specifically
on this case -- wasn't necessary. It may be that Choate has said spam is trespass. But I'm not sure why
anyone could care.

@_date: 2001-12-12 10:44:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: : Re: AP Al Qaeda 
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20011213012017.00a17310 Something on which Jim Choate and I can agree. :) --Declan

@_date: 2001-12-13 16:09:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How do you sleep? 
I'll know I'll regret responding to the mattdproffraptroll, but briefly: I am not affiliated in any way with the Cato Institute. I don't believe I've ever written anything for them; I am not an adjunct scholar/policy analyst for them; I've been in their building just once in the last five months or so. Most importantly, they say things with which I do not agree.
That said, they are a worthy, respectable, valuable, and valued think tank, and I always enjoy reading what they write.
As for a "damming exposure," it's just another screed. Yawn.

@_date: 2001-12-13 21:33:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: : Re: How do you sleep? 
mattd on Fri, Dec 14, 2001 at 10:51:03AM +1100
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20011214102110.00a63eb0
Libertarians like the folks at the Cato Institute are hardly conservatives.
Getting rid of laws prohibiting prostitution, gambling, obscenity,
indecency, prostitution -- these are conservative positions? WAKE UP MATE!
Yeah, you and George W. Bush. Good example to follow.

@_date: 2001-12-14 14:59:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
References: <20011213163655.A12555   <20011214113918.A8857
Yep! It's surprisingly -- almost -- sweet.

@_date: 2001-12-14 15:02:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
nobody on Fri, Dec 14, 2001 at 07:50:24PM +0100
References: <29b51f527fa6f2d5942269d3a2cd2412
This is pretty funny. As you'll see in Part V, I got tipped off to the
case by Crime Victims for a Just Society. As for the rest, well, I posted
a bunch of court documents on wired.com; read them for yourself and
make up your own mind.

@_date: 2001-12-15 11:54:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
References: <29b51f527fa6f2d5942269d3a2cd2412 Good points, all. It may be instructive to consider the case of the
Maryland police officer who was convicted and sentenced to 10 years
recently for turning a police dog loose on an unresisting suspect.
Instead of distancing themselves from this sadistic officer, and saying
that such behavior is beyond the pale, her fellow officers protested
and declared a work "slowdown." The union was all for it.
Don't look for a fast response from 911 calls, I guess, if you live
in certain Maryland suburbs of DC.
The Washington Post wrote an editorial condemning this thuggish tactic
on the part of "Maryland's finest."

@_date: 2001-12-16 19:41:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Terrifying PGP 
jya on Sat, Dec 15, 2001 at 10:16:53PM -0800
References: Got a URL? didn't see anything here:

@_date: 2001-12-18 10:04:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Poor little child pornographer 
from juicy on Mon, Dec 17, 2001 at 02:46:14PM
  -0800
References: In each one of the articles, the link "plea" appeared after the second
or third paragraph, so you can read it yourself.
My articles were written in rough chronological order, with the guilty
plea taking place recently, and the motion to reopen taking place
just last month. Don't like it? Don't read it.

@_date: 2001-12-18 12:22:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Chuck Schumer wants to invade privacy of gun buyers, open NICS 
Thanks to Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY), one of our great champions of privacy, private property, and limited government, any American buying a gun from a dealer or other licensed seller may have their name permanently embedded in the FBI's NICS database.
Currently federal law ( orders the FBI to "destroy all records" of a gun purchase that is approved as lawful. Naturally those champions of individual liberty at the FBI and Justice Department have creatively interpreted this straightforward requirement -- to mean precisely the opposite of what the law says. Thus records have been kept for a period of 90 to 180 days.
Schumer's bill would "allow the Federal Bureau of Investigation to access NICS audit log records for the purpose of responding to an inquiry from any federal, state, or local law enforcement agency in connection with a civil or criminal law enforcement investigation." Seems to me that would let the FBI access and store records of the vast bulk of firearm purchasers from this point on, if this bill were to become law. Here's the text of Schumer's proposal:
Naturally the section reducing the privacy of lawabiding Americans is titled "privacy protection." Glad to know that Schumer hasn't lost his touch.
(Note: Not all U.S. firearm purchases must go through a dealer who checks in with the NICS database. Private sales are still, for now, allowed without federal records kept.)
    Senators Propose 'Gun Owner Registration'
    By Jeff Johnson
    CNSNews.com Congressional Bureau Chief
    December 17, 2001
    Capitol Hill (CNSNews.com) - Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) wants the
    Department of Justice to keep personal data on law-abiding gun buyers
    from the National Instant Check System (NICS), and to offer the
    information for unlimited use by state and local agencies.
    National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre
    called the move "gun owner registration, plain and simple."
    Making good on a promise he made during a Senate Judiciary Committee
    hearing December 6, Schumer introduced the "Use NICS in Terrorist
    Investigations Act" (S. 1788) after Attorney General John Ashcroft
    refused to allow the FBI access to NICS records of lawful gun
    purchases.
CENTER-RIGHT, a free weeklyish e-newsletter of centrist, conservative, and libertarian ideas
Issue 187, Dec 10, 2001
"Terrorism and Guns: Ashcroft's 'coddling' of gun owners,"
by Dave Kopel ( Independence Institute,
and Prof. Glenn Reynolds ( Univ. of Tennessee
from the National Review Online, Dec. 17, 2001,
Attorney General John Ashcroft has come under fire for what Boston Globe columnist Tom Oliphant calls "coddling" gun owners.  Oliphant's attack was the latest round in the concerted assault on Ashcroft's Second Amendment positions, which started this spring when Ashcroft announced his view (since supported by the recent U.S. Court of Appeals decision in United States v. Emerson,  that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to arms.
Ashcroft's stance was consistent with that of the attorneys general for Ronald Reagan, Franklin Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, and Andrew Jackson, among others (  It was also consistent with most Supreme Court statements citing the Second Amendment, including everything the Rehnquist Court has ever said Ashcroft's view mirrored repeated congressional declarations of the individual right to arms -- including in the Freedmen's Bureau Act of 1866, the Property Requisition Act of 1941, and the Firearms Owners' Protection Act of 1986.  It's also compatible with a wide variety of gun controls, as demonstrated by the Court of Appeals decision in Emerson, which ruled that the particular federal gun law at issue did not violate the Second Amendment.
Ashcroft was, however, out of step with the antigun groups, who recognize that a meaningful Second Amendment makes it impossible to ban guns across the board.  For the same reason, the attorney general was out of step with the position of the Clinton/Gore/Reno administration.  Indeed, the difference between the Bush/Ashcroft view of the Second Amendment ( and the Clinton/Gore/Reno view was -- as President Clinton admitted -- the reason Gore lost five close states, and thus the election.
Still smarting from that humiliation, gun prohibition groups have decided to attack Ashcroft for obeying federal gun statutes and for complying with a regulation created by Attorney General Janet Reno.  Last week, on the morning Ashcroft was scheduled to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee, New York Times reporter Fox Butterfield turned a press release from a gun-prohibition group, the Violence Policy Center ( into a Times article.  Ashcroft's opponents on the Senate Judiciary then used the article to excoriate Ashcroft for obeying the law.  Predictably, gun-prohibition sympathizers like Oliphant and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution's Cynthia Tucker have begun piling on.
At issue was Ashcroft's decision to tell the FBI that it couldn't start rummaging though the federal records of *legal* gun buyers as part of its terrorism investigation.  Indeed, the law forbids the keeping of such records in the first place.  It does, however, authorize the federal government to retain records of people -- such as illegal aliens, or people with temporary visas -- who illegally attempt to buy guns.  Those records are available to the FBI for any and every law enforcement purpose.
Mr.  Butterfield didn't bother to inform his Times readers about what federal law actually says.  So let's examine the laws directly.
Since 1998, all federally regulated gun purchases require that the buyer obtain approval from the FBI's "National Instant-Check System," which ensures that the buyer is not a "prohibited person."  NICS checks the buyer's name against a database of felons and other prohibited people.
The NRA had pushed the instant check as an alternative to the Brady Bill's waiting period.  As a compromise, Congress made the waiting period effective for five years (1994-98) for handguns only, to be replaced in 1998 by the instant check on all guns.  Determined to prevent NICS from being perverted into a gun registration system, Congress -- thanks to votes of many Brady Bill supporters -- specifically forbade the government to compile records of lawful purchasers.
As enacted, the national instant check law, 18 U.S. Code 922(t) ( provides that:
(2) If receipt of a firearm would not violate subsection (g) or (n) or State law, the [Instant-Check] system shall --
(A) assign a unique identification number to the transfer;
(B) provide the licensee with the number; and
(C) destroy all records of the system with respect to the call (other than the identifying number and the date the number was assigned) and all records of the system relating to the person or the transfer.
(Emphasis added.)
This means, of course, that if the feds were following the law, there wouldn't be any records to examine, since they're supposed to be destroyed once a sale is approved.
It also means that every congressman who voted for final passage of the Brady Act in 1993 (including Senators Kennedy, Biden, and Leahy, as well as then-Representative Schumer) voted for this explicit ban on keeping the federal records of legal gun buyers.
The 1993 prohibition was reinforcing a 1986 Congressional statute, the Firearms Owners' Protection Act (FOPA), which creates a blanket ban on a federal gun registry.  The relevant part of FOPA, 18 U.S. Code 926 ( (a) The Secretary may prescribe only such rules and regulations as are necessary to carry out the provisions of this chapter...  No such rule or regulation prescribed after the date of the enactment of the Firearms Owners' Protection Act may require that records required to be maintained under this chapter or any portion of the contents of such records, be recorded at or transferred to a facility owned, managed, or controlled by the United States or any State or any political subdivision thereof, nor that any system of registration of firearms, firearms owners, or firearms transactions or dispositions be established.  Nothing in this section expands or restricts the Secretary's authority to inquire into the disposition of any firearm in the course of a criminal investigation.
Of the current members of the Senate Judiciary Committee who were in the Senate in 1986, only Kennedy voted against passage of FOPA.  Senators Biden, Leahy, Hatch, Thurmond, Grassely, and Specter all voted for it, and hence for the registration ban.
In addition, the annual appropriation for the Department of the Treasury (which controls the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms) always contains a ban on spending any funds for creation of a federal gun registry.
Quite plainly, all this means that (1) records aren't supposed to be kept on legal purchases of firearms, and (2) it's illegal to establish a national gun registration system.  This was underscored in the recent case of RSM v. Buckles, 254 F.3d 61 (4th Cir. 2001) ( where the federal Court of Appeals pointed out that the government's power to scrutinize gun records was limited, and that a national gun-registration system -- even one established through "backdoor efforts" -- was illegal.
Even so, when preparing to implement the National Instant Check System, then-Attorney General Reno announced that the government would keep records on lawful gun purchasers for 180 days.  The stated purpose of these records was to audit NICS, to make sure it wasn't being misused (e.g., to ensure that gun dealers were not requesting instant checks on people who were not their customers -- for example, in case a gun-store owner started requesting background checks on his daughter's boyfriends).
The NRA sued, arguing that by saying the records had to be destroyed, Congress did not mean they should be destroyed "eventually, when the Attorney General gets around to it."  The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, in a 2-1 decision ( upheld the 180-day record retention.  The majority opinion, written by a Clinton appointee, claimed that federal law "does not prohibit all forms of registration."  The Clinton majority also asserted that because Congress did not say the records had to be destroyed "immediately," the records could be destroyed sooner -- or later.
Dissenting, Judge David B.  Sentelle, a Reagan appointee, retorted that Congress had been perfectly clear.  "The Attorney General's position," wrote Sentelle, "strikes me as reminiscent of a petulant child pulling her sister's hair.  Her mother tells her, 'Don't pull the baby's hair.'  The child says, 'All right, Mama,' but again pulls the infant's hair.  Her defense is, 'Mama, you didn't say I had to stop right now.'"
The Senate responded to Reno's machinations by restating its 1993 intent.  In 1998, Senator Bob Smith (R., N.H.)  proposed a rider to an appropriations bill to mandate immediate records destruction.  The Senate approved the Smith Amendment, 69 to 31, thanks in part to the support of Senators Daschle, Leahy, and Murray.  Later, a conference committee stripped the Smith Amendment, as well as some other non-appropriations riders, from the appropriation bill.
During the 2000 election, candidate Bush condemned the Clinton/Gore/Reno registry of legal gun buyers, and promised to terminate it.
Meanwhile, Reno promulgated a regulation cutting the retention time to 90 days.  The Reno regulation forbids the use of the NICS registry for general law enforcement purposes, while allowing registry use for auditing the performance of NICS, as well as for civil or criminal cases arising from the operation of NICS.
Thus, it is plainly illegal for the FBI to dig into the NICS registry for general investigations.  Had Attorney General Ashcroft allowed such access, he would have violated the law.  (This summer, Ashcroft proposed a revised regulation to cut the retention time to 24 hours, but even this shorter time period violates the congressional mandate that records be destroyed, not kept for "a short period of time.")
Fox Butterfield neglected to tell his readers about the 1986 law forbidding a federal gun registry.  He also didn't tell them about the 1993 law mandating destruction of records on legal buyers.  Of the Smith Amendment

@_date: 2001-12-18 13:33:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20011217191306.030d9040
Why wouldn't an original typeface be covered under U.S. copyright laws?

@_date: 2001-12-18 13:52:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011218133305.00aa1c90
Bitmapped fonts may not be copyrightable in the U.S., but Postscript/vector fonts certainly are:
See the font FAQ:

@_date: 2001-12-18 16:51:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oregon Link to 9-11? 
jya on Tue, Dec 18, 2001 at 01:39:00PM -0800
References: Wasn't that the real estate agent who actually -- gasp! -- was a
licensed real estate agent?

@_date: 2001-12-22 03:35:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on remailers. 
References: Seems to me like a straightforward economic analysis. Rates a remailer
operator will charge reflect his cost plus. If the rates become too
high, the remailer will go out of business. If customers perceive
their privacy is in danger because remailers are going bankrupt and
the cloud is shrinking, the remaining remailers will lose revenue and,
in extremis, again go out of business.
Assuming that all users are using the network roughly equally and
therefore paying roughly the same, this suggests there's a critical
number of users necessary to keep a for-profit network afloat.
But change the assumption about paying equally, and the critical number
may approach one. "A small number of high-paying remailer customers"
could bankroll the remailer network by providing direct subsidies to
the remailer operators or giving out free
can-be-used-for-remailing-only tokens to anyone who asks.
There might be better ways to do this, but it's late at night and I'm
getting pretty tired. But it seems like "yes" is the easy answer to
your question.

@_date: 2001-02-01 10:37:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Foes of privacy bills in Congress try new approach: Federalism 
Bruce Kobayashi and Larry Ribstein photo:
Their paper, A State Recipe for Cookies: State Regulation of Consumer Marketing Information:     Should States Regulate Privacy?
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Feb. 1, 2001 PST
    ARLINGTON, Virginia -- Larry Ribstein and Bruce Kobayashi are nothing
    if not ambitious: They hope to reshape the way Washington thinks about
    privacy.
    Even though many observers of Capitol Hill assume the new Congress
    will approve regulations aimed at Internet firms, the two George Mason
    University law professors are betting that legislators can be
    persuaded to try a more laissez-faire approach.
    Instead of the Senate and the House enacting laws, they argue in a
    paper published this week, state legislatures should be making the
    decisions. Says Ribstein: "Federal law hasn't turned out to be a
    salvation in other areas."
    Their efforts are part of a nascent -- although fast-growing -- effort
    by conservatives and libertarians to target online privacy laws using
    many of the same tools, strategies, and alliances they've used to
    battle federal environmental, education, and gun regulations in the
    past.
    On Tuesday, the American Enterprise Institute's Federalism Project
    convened an invitation-only roundtable where Kobayashi and Ribstein
    presented their paper to an influential audience that included former
    OECD ambassador David Aaron, Yale law professor Roberta Romano,
    Michael Quaranta of Experian, and Bill Niskanen, chairman of the Cato
    Institute.
    AEI's Federalism Project argues that the U.S. national government is
    an institution that has usurped powers not delegated to it in the
    Constitution -- those powers should rightfully be reserved for states.
    One 1995 case is a favorite: U.S. v. Lopez, in which the Supreme Court
    overturned a federal gun law by ruling it "exceeds Congress' Commerce
    Clause authority."
    [...]
    Their 43-page paper says: "Federal law would perversely lock in a
    single regulatory framework while Internet technology is still rapidly
    evolving. State law, by contrast, emerges from 51 laboratories (50
    states, plus the District of Columbia) and therefore presents a more
    decentralized model that fits the evolving nature of the Internet."
    They predict that some states will impose more regulations than others
    -- by, for example, trying different approaches to mandating
    disclosure of privacy practices.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-02-05 09:48:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Register - There are still crypto reg's... 
References:  This is a close cousin of what economists call network effects. As an area of study, it has received fairly extensive scrutiny.
Me, I like what Stan Liebowitz and Stephen Margolis have written
about temporary monopolies.
More on both subjects:

@_date: 2001-02-05 22:34:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: anonymity 
References: <3A7EF19D.9B8D4E22 It was a not-uncommon -- once or twice a semester -- phenom
at Carnegie Mellon University, where all undergrads starting in the 80s
got email accounts. Not that interesting, really.

@_date: 2001-02-05 22:37:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What the biometrics industry says about privacy, surveillance 
Biometric-enabled laptop:
Time magazine on "Welcome to the Snooper Bowl":
National Basketball Association vows no face-recog at All-Star Game:
AP article on Utah officials considering face-recog for 2002 Olympics:
                           Biometrics and Privacy:
                    Industry Policy on Crowd Surveillance
    February 2, 2001, Washington, D.C. --- During last months Super Bowl
    game in Tampa, Florida, local officials conducted a trial that used
    software technology and video surveillance systems to compare fans
    entering the stadium against a database of suspected criminals and
    terrorists.  In view of these events, IBIA and its member companies
    believe it is appropriate to reiterate industry policy on the use of
    biometrics by government agencies, and to offer guidance to any
    entities that are considering the use of biometrics in public places.
    On March 24, 1999, IBIA adopted Privacy Principles that were intended
    to encourage biometric manufacturers, integrators and end users to
    ensure that biometric data cannot be misused.  In announcing the
    principles, Bill Wilson, Chairman of IBIA, said we are acutely
    conscious of the need to protect personal information in any biometric
    application. The industry is taking this step to promote
    self-regulation in the private sector, encourage clarity and
    transparency for users, and provide guidance on matters that may
    require legislative action in the public sector.
    The first IBIA Privacy Principle calls for safeguards that ensure
    biometric data is not misused to compromise any information, or
    released without personal consent or the authority of law.  Concerning
    the use of biometrics in the public sector, IBIA recommends in the
    third Privacy Principle that clear legal standards should be developed
    to carefully define and limit the conditions under which agencies of
    national security and law enforcement may acquire, access, store, and
    use biometric data. The full text of the IBIA Privacy Principles is
    available online at     IBIA members implement these principles by urging users to follow
    three practical steps, says Richard E. Norton, Executive Director of
    IBIA. Our companies recommend that clear signage or other means of
    notification be used to inform everyone that video imaging and facial
    recognition technology are being used in any public area. They also
    advise users that the images should be used only to make comparisons
    against known violators, and in no circumstance should nonmatching
    images be retained in a database once the comparison has been
    conducted. Finally, they remind users that all applications of
    biometric technology must comply with existing law governing the
    storage and use of data by public agencies, adds Norton.
    IBIA was formed in September 1998 and has 27 member companies, and is
    open to all biometric manufacturers, integrators, and end-users who
    agree to abide by the IBIA Statement of Principles and Code of Ethics.
    Biometric technology involves the automatic identification or identity
    verification of an individual based on physiological or behavioral
    characteristics. Such authentication is accomplished by using computer
    technology in a noninvasive way to match patterns of live individuals
    in real time against enrolled records. Examples include products that
    use face, iris, hand, fingerprint, signature and voice measurements in
    environments such as border control, information security, physical
    access control, financial transactions, time and attendance, law
    enforcement, and other civil and government applications.
    For further information please contact Mr. Norton, at phone (703)
    250-0206.
                           IBIA Privacy Principles
     1. Biometric data is electronic code that is separate and distinct
        from personal information, and provides an effective, secure
        barrier against unauthorized access to personal information.
        Beyond this inherent protection, IBIA recommends safeguards to
        ensure that biometric data is not misused to compromise any
        information, or released without personal consent or the authority
        of law.
     2. In the private sector, IBIA advocates the development of policies
        that clearly set forth how biometric data will be collected,
        stored, accessed, and used, and that preserve the rights of
        individuals to limit the distribution of the data beyond the
        stated purposes.
     3. In the public sector, IBIA believes that clear legal standards
        should be developed to carefully define and limit the conditions
        under which agencies of national security and law enforcement may
        acquire, access, store, and use biometric data.
     4. In both the public and private sectors, IBIA advocates the
        adoption of appropriate managerial and technical controls to
        protect the confidentiality and integrity of databases containing
        biometric data.

@_date: 2001-02-09 09:38:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pentagon warns Fidel Castro could launch cyberattack against U.S. 
Transcript of hearing:
1998 transcript:
   Feds Say Fidel Is Hacker Threat
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Feb. 9, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- These must be jittery times for anyone in the military
   who uses the Internet.
   Not only do they have to guard against Love Bug worms and security
   holes in Microsoft Outlook -- now they've got to worry about Fidel
   Castro hacking into their computers.
   Admiral Tom Wilson, head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, says the
   74-year-old communist dictator may be preparing a cyberattack against
   the United States.
   Wilson told the Senate Intelligence Committee during a public hearing
   Wednesday that Castro's armed forces could initiate an "information
   warfare or computer network attack" that could "disrupt our military."
   The panel later went into closed session to discuss classified
   material.
   Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) asked in response: "And you would say that
   there is a real threat that they might go that route?"
   Replied Wilson: "There's certainly the potential for them to employ
   those kind of tactics against our modern and superior military."
   He said that Cuba's conventional military might was lacking, but its
   intelligence operations were substantial.
   The partly classified hearing is an annual event -- and an important
   one: It represents this year's World Threat Assessment discussion.
   That's a chance for the intelligence committee to set its agenda for
   this session of Congress and hear from senior intelligence officials
   about the latest national security threats.
   In addition to the aging president of Cuba, witnesses and senators
   both cited encryption as another technology-related threat during a
   far-ranging discussion that also encompassed nuclear, biological and
   chemical weapons.
   Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), the committee's hawkish chairman, said
   that the classified hearing later in the day would "explore the
   challenges posed by, among others, the proliferation of encryption
   technology, the increasing sophistication of denial and deception
   techniques, the need to modernize and to recapitalize the National
   Security Agency, and other shortfalls in intelligence funding."
   [...]

@_date: 2001-02-09 12:50:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cyberterror hearing on cpsan right now 
it's the fidel one i wrote about on wired.com today.

@_date: 2001-02-09 13:00:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: stego for the censored II 
References: <20010207102551.L30304  <20010207201831.A25210
Right. Prominent articles in USA Today and eslewhere, followed by front-page
LA Times article, followed by the Fidel Castro cyberterror hearing on Wed.
There's a pattern.

@_date: 2001-02-09 13:03:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: your mail 
References: <001c01c09172$b6198940$40a63d3f
Um, what prompted you to send this to cypherpunks?
HAT. THE LAWS OF THIS LAND ARE COMPLICATED, AND IM SURE THAT SOMEWHERE THE REASON FOR THIS CONSENT FROM THE MOTHER, IS APPROPRIATE, BUT AT THIS TIME, I AM FRUSTRATED THAT THEIR MOTHER AND HER NEW HUSBANDS FAMILY ARE ABLE TO MANIPULATE THE LAW . WE NEED TO PROTECT CHILDREN FROM ANYONE THAT IS NOT LOOKING OUT FOR THEIR BEST INTEREST. THESE ARE BRIGHT BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN, AND DESERVE TO HAVE A FUTURE, UNMOLESTED.  CATHERINE M. HALL GRANDMOTHER   BOSSLION

@_date: 2001-02-09 13:24:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: FBI investigates bonsaikitten.com, sends subpoena to MIT 
Background on depictions-of-animal-mutilation law:
  Recap of story prior to FBI investigation:
    FBI Goes After Bonsaikitten.com
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   10:10 a.m. Feb. 9, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- A website devoted to squishing kittens into Mason jars
   is one of two things: A trenchant parody designed to provoke, or a
   nefarious kitty-mutilation scheme that must be stopped, and probably
   outlawed.
   Count the FBI among the many visitors to bonsaikitten.com who are
   anything but amused at the descriptions of how to use muscle relaxant,
   feeding tubes and Klein bottles to shape a perfect Bonsai Cat.
   FBI agents in the Boston field office have launched an investigation
   into the site. They also have served MIT with a grand jury subpoena
   asking for "any and all subscriber information" about the site, which
   was initially hosted in a campus dormitory but has since moved to a
   commercial provider.
   MIT said in a letter to bonsaikitten.com's pseudonymous webmaster, a
   graduate student using the alias Dr. Michael Wong Chang, that it will
   wait until Sunday to turn over records that would identify him by
   name.
   "I was surprised," Chang said. "I really thought that the FBI had
   better things to do. That's your tax dollars at work."
   Bonsaikitten.com is, of course, a joke devised by prankster MIT
   students -- who else would talk about "rectilinear kittens?" -- to
   provoke owners of kittens, an adorably fuzzy topic that's usually
   beyond parody.
   Bonsaikitten.com offers to sell visitors a custom-shaped kitten -- the
   site says "typical wait time for a fully shaped Bonsai Kitten is 3 to
   4 months" -- but the site does not list prices or a mailing address
   for where to send money orders. It does, however, occasionally receive
   requests for more information.
   It also has sparked tens of thousands of hate-mail messages,
   anti-Bonsai Kitten groups on Yahoo, and even a blistering denunciation
   from the venerable Humane Society of the United States.
   For the site's fans, watching e-mail nastygrams arrive has become a
   kind of spectator sport: There's even a mailing list that lets
   bonsaikitten.com aficionados view any mail sent to the site's
   webmaster. A typical message: "This site is horrible! You should go in
   a mental hospital! You son of a bitch! I'll do my best to shut down
   this site and your disgusting hobby!"
   [...]
   In December 1999, President Clinton signed a law that makes it a
   federal felony to possess "a depiction of animal cruelty" with the
   intent to distribute across state lines -- such as on the Internet.
   During a floor debate, Rep. Elton Gallegly (R-Calif.) claimed that
   "sick criminals are taking advantage of the loopholes in the local law
   and the lack of federal law on animal cruelty videos."
   The law, which observers at the time said probably violated the First
   Amendment, only applies to images, videos, and sound recordings that
   are distributed "for commercial gain" -- and bonsaikitten.com's
   tongue-in-cheek descriptions of mail-order cats in bottles appears to
   have given the FBI sufficient justification for an investigation.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-02-10 12:16:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, gentlemen? 
References: Dear Aimee,
If you're serious about asking for advice or insight, I'd self-censor
the snide comments.
This group doesn't like pointy questions? To the contrary, it thrives
on them.

@_date: 2001-02-10 14:12:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
References: <200102091951.OAA03764 <3A8465B8.4703EDFC <3.0.5.32.20010210104459.01c8b6c0
Places where offending article has been spotted so far:

@_date: 2001-02-10 23:22:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cope with spam.. 
References: <09L72I3136928.8604976852
Do some searches for procmail AND spam. I'm thinking of using
an anti-spambot on my well.com account.

@_date: 2001-02-11 00:35:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Formal apology  (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, 
References: <20010210121624.B26143
Well, that's about as nice an apology as I've ever seen on any list, let alone cypherpunks. Aimee's initial message deserves a response. (BTW there is a real Waco, Texas lawyer named Aimee Farr who is interested in these issues, though naturally we can't be certain our correspondent is that person.)
She asks for our thoughts on this:
Not only is it an uninteresting sociology treatise, but it is a bad uninteresting sociology treatise. The first thing to note, of course, beyond its unnecessary jargon, is that the article is about as wrong as could be. Far from any "boundary crisis" leading to "mass hate," society has instead adopted and then accepted the Internet. It's difficult to be repulsed by something when you use it to share baby pictures with grandparents.
One could argue that the article was correct at the time. The article appears to have been written during in 1996, around the time the CDA became law, but even then it was a year after the Time magazine cyberscare, and two years after the CDA was introduced: Cyberporn was old news. Identifying fundamental truths is the mark of good research, and this paper comes up sadly lacking.
Since the paper is so flawed, I'm not sure it's worth discussing at length. But, briefly, is crypto as threatening as witches were? Far from it. It -- and its derivative technologies, such as anonymity -- seems to be perceived more as a way to reclaim lost privacy rather than a new and unusual threat. In that sense, it is a conservative technology. (This could change, and certainly the intelligence community is hand-waving about terrorists again, but I doubt it'll have much luck.)

@_date: 2001-02-11 01:03:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Formal apology  (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, 
References: Hmm. I just responded to Aimee's message, and so I may have just been trolled.  But I rise to the defense of human sentience here: I don't think an AI would have bothered to ask us about such an inane sociological tract...
Another theory is that Aimee actually thinks that all cypherpunks subscribers are pleasant, decent, and reasonable people who should be treated politely. I'm sure folks -- is Choate around? -- will disabuse her of this notion straightaway.

@_date: 2001-02-12 11:03:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Odd Addresses 
References: <200102111756.MAA10145
I agree with comments elsewhere in the thread. Probably a bug in
analog. Using the latest version, I haven't noticed any problems.

@_date: 2001-02-12 23:16:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: nightline TONIGHT morphed kiddy porn case 
FSC Does Nightline
WASHINGTON - Free Speech Coalition general counsel Jeffrey Douglas and lobbyist Kat Sunlove will discuss the so-called "virtual child porn" case, FSC v. Reno, tonight on Nightline, the long-running late-night ABC news program hosted by Ted Koppel. The program usually begins at 11:30 p.m. Eastern and Pacific times on local and regional ABC affiliates following local news. Check your local television listings - you will not want to miss this critical discussion on the question of whether a computerized image that resembles a child can be classified the same way as an actual image of an actual child.

@_date: 2001-02-13 09:41:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts,   gentlemen?) 
References:  Interesting point. I fear you're too optimistic, but it does seem as
though currently the groups with the dominant hate-mongering ideology
seem like imports from meatspace instead of homegrown. The anti-Bonsai
Kitten activists are a closer call, but they've been as about as
effective as Democrats arguing for a tax hike.

@_date: 2001-02-13 09:45:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Michigan May Outlaw Anonymity Online 
References: <3A874B3D.6FE1257C  <3.0.5.32.20010212130447.01ca3330
Righto. A closer case, with less precedential value but closer
on the facts, would be the district court's ruling in the Georgia
Internet-anonymity lawsuit brought by the ACLU.
See, probably,

@_date: 2001-02-13 09:47:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
References: <000c01c09559$9f9453e0$3c5efea9 <20010212213733.A89524
Yep. Vorm writers are getting smarter. It seems as though VB
lets you embed executable (compiled, I assume) code in a .vbs
file, so a casual observer can't easily tell what this one does.

@_date: 2001-02-13 09:52:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for Kansas bookstore's sales records 
References: <3A88BA4D.E150B826
I'd want to read the documents in this case. But quick thoughts: The
scope of civil discovery has broadened too much in the U.S.  That
said, I'm not sure why bookstores should be treated differently than
other businesses.

@_date: 2001-02-13 10:35:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
Ah, and here I was being mildly impressed that vorm writers are getting smarter. My mistake; thanks for the correction. But vorm-generator writers certainly are. :)

@_date: 2001-02-13 18:43:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for 
References: <20010213095215.D4308
Jim, please do not email me privately unless you want to say something to me privately. It appears as though you sent the below message to the list and then to me in a different message; there is no need for this, and it violates netiquette.
In any case, I'm inclined to believe that the First Amendment should not grant special rights to people who call themselves bookstores and journalists. Rather, we should all enjoy those rights. Being an Official Approved Government-Certified Journalist -- and I am one -- writing an article should not mean I have special privileges that only I enjoy and someone from an unapproved newspaper, or a cypherpunk subscriber writing about the same topic, does not.

@_date: 2001-02-14 16:18:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for  Kansas bookstore's sales records 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010213184008.02476160 Same principle. Why should book buyers deserve more privacy than
condom buyers? Your thinking is muddled. I've already stipulated
that civil/criminal discovery is far too broad in the U.S.

@_date: 2001-02-14 16:19:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena for  Kansas bookstore's sales records 
References:  That's a nice way to word it, and sums my thoughts up nicely.

@_date: 2001-02-14 16:52:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: freedomforum.org: Federal judge quashes subpoena 
References: <20010214161800.C28033
Jim, once again you've sent a private message to me and sent ANOTHER one to the list. I explicitly asked you not to do it earlier this week; one more and I will (no joke) killfile you. Procmail is my friend.
Sigh. Read up on the doctrine of enumerated powers.

@_date: 2001-02-14 17:29:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senator tries to ban sale of SSNs by banks 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
      For More Information Contact:
      FEBRUARY 14, 2001
      Andrea Andrews (202) 224-6518
      SHELBY INTRODUCES SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER PRIVACY PROTECTION
      LEGISLATION
      Bill Prohibits the Sale and Purchase of Social Security Numbers by
      Financial Institutions
         WASHINGTON, DC -- U.S. Senator Richard C. Shelby (R-AL) today
      introduced legislation that would prevent the unauthorized disclosure
      of Social Security numbers.
         Senator Shelby's "Social Security Privacy Act of 2001" would
      prohibit the sale and purchase of an individual's Social Security
      number by financial institutions.  The legislation would include
      Social Security numbers as "nonpublic personal information" subject to
      the privacy protections of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.
         "I believe Congress has a duty to stop Social Security numbers from
      being bought and sold like some common commodity," said Shelby.
      "Social Security numbers are key to just about all the personal
      information concerning an individual.  While Congress waits to act,
      the easy access and extreme availability of our personal information
      has lead to fraud, abuse, identity theft and in the more extreme
      cases-stalking and death."
         "I do not know anyone in this country who believes financial
      institutions should be making money by trafficking in our Social
      Security numbers," added Shelby.  "The longer we wait to act on this
      issue-an issue supported by a vast majority of Americans-the more the
      American people lose confidence in the U.S. Congress and our ability
      to lead."
      - 30 -

@_date: 2001-02-14 19:42:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ah, now I catch Declan's trick 
References: The below is typically muddled.
Netiquette says one should not send one message to someone privately
and *the identical text* to the list in a different message. It
leaves the recipient unsure about whether the thought was a private
communication or not. This is what Jim has done twice this week.
It is, however, perfectly acceptable to do a reply-to-all when engaging
in list conversations (provided that the CC line is not too long, etc.),
and that is what I have done and am doing.

@_date: 2001-02-14 22:20:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ah, now I catch Declan's trick 
References: <20010214194212.D1741
At 07:03 PM 2/14/01 -0800, Bill Stewart wrote, quoting me:
Fair enough, this may be one area where reasonable people can disagree. In this case, though, particulars count: Choate is not known for his reticence, and has never complained about the practice, which is common in these parts.

@_date: 2001-02-16 12:05:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pakistani journalists jailed, printing press destroyed 
Pakistani journalists jailed, printing press destroyed
---------- The Frontier Post, an English-language newspaper in Pakistan, was closed by the government and some of its staff imprisoned after it printed a letter that criticized the founder of Islam. The crime of blasphemy is punishable by death. (02/16/01)

@_date: 2001-02-20 11:46:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Phil Zimmermann leaves NSI, says PGP source should be published 
Here's a photo:
    PGP Creator Bolts to Hush
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    8:25 a.m. Feb. 20, 2001 PST
    Phil Zimmermann, the legendary creator of e-mail and file-encryption
    program PGP, will become the chief cryptographer for Web-based e-mail
    company Hush Communications.
    Citing differences with Network Associates -- which bought PGP in 1997
    -- Zimmermann said he left the company so he could devote his time to
    making the open standard called OpenPGP more accepted in the industry.
    "For the past decade PGP has been the gold standard for e-mail
    encryption but we've always had trouble expanding beyond the power
    users because of ease-of-use problems," Zimmermann said in a statement
    on Monday. "The OpenPGP standard will be well served by Hush's fresh
    approach to ease of use and its roaming capability."
    Hush Communications, based in Dublin, Ireland, is a venture-capital
    funded company best known for its free, encrypted Hushmail and
    HushPOP services.
    Zimmermann's departure from Network Associates caps a turbulent decade
    marked by the release of his first version of "Pretty Good Privacy" in
    1991, his instant fame as a hero of the online privacy movement, a
    tussle with patent-holder RSA Data Security, and an agonizingly
    extended criminal investigation by the federal government for alleged
    violations of U.S. export laws governing cryptographic products.
    When the antiwar-activist-turned-programmer sold his company, PGP
    Inc., to Network Associates and became a senior fellow, he began to
    have clashes with executives over the direction of PGP. Network
    Associates repeatedly flirted with the concept of key recovery --
    endorsed by the Clinton administration but anathema to privacy
    advocates -- and has refused to publish the source code to the latest
    versions of PGP so outside experts can verify that no backdoors are
    present.
    Network Associates' departure from the aggressive kind of full
    disclosure favored by security analysts has fueled a move in the
    open-source community toward GNU Privacy Guard, a free replacement for
    PGP that does not rely on the patented IDEA algorithm. But its
    graphical interface, GNU Privacy Assistant, still is being developed
    and is not a finished product.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-02-20 13:35:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
References: <200102200014.TAA08311  <3.0.6.32.20010219211914.00892410
see the Supreme Court oral arguments on this today... --Declan

@_date: 2001-02-20 15:51:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Phil Zimmermann leaves NSI, says PGP source should be published 
(The Subject: line was, of course, a typo. NAI!=NSI.)

@_date: 2001-02-21 09:23:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
References:  <3A93B1DC.BDCEA38B
Right. I recall the company is SeaLaunch (I wrote about them once, a Boeing venture, I believe) and uses an old oil platform they towed there
from the Atlantic.
SeaLand is not exactly quite as capable.

@_date: 2001-02-28 09:12:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IETF Internet Draft: Why .xxx domain is a very bad idea 
[Donald Eastlake and I co-authored this IETF Internet Draft in advance of the March 18 meeting in Minneapolis. This is an inital draft, and comments are very welcome. You can also find the draft at:  --Declan]
INTERNET-DRAFT                                       Donald Eastlake 3rd
                                                                 Motorola
                                                         Declan McCullagh
                                                               Wired News
Expires: August 2001                                       February 2001
                        .xxx Considered Dangerous
                        ---- ---------- ---------
Status of This Document
    Distribution of this draft is unlimited. Comments should be sent to
    the authors.
    This document is an Internet-Draft and is in full conformance with
    all provisions of Section 10 of RFC 2026.  Internet-Drafts are
    working documents of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), its
    areas, and its working groups.  Note that other groups may also
    distribute working documents as Internet-Drafts.
    Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
    and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
    time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet- Drafts as reference
    material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."
    The list of current Internet-Drafts can be accessed at
        The list of Internet-Draft Shadow Directories can be accessed at
    Copyright Notice
    Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2001).  All Rights Reserved.
    Periodically there are proposals to require the use of a special top
    level name or an IP address bit to flag "adult" or "safe" material or
    the like.  This document explains why this is an ill considered idea.
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 1]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
Table of Contents
       Status of This Document....................................1
       Copyright Notice...........................................1
       Abstract...................................................1
       Table of Contents..........................................2
       1. Background..............................................3
       2. Legal and Philisophical Problems........................4
       4. Technical Difficulties..................................6
       4.1 Domain Name System (DNS) and Other Names...............7
       4.1.1 Linguistic Problems..................................7
       4.1.2 The DNS Hierarchy and Use of TLDs....................8
       4.1.2 You Can't Control Who Points At You..................8
       4.1.3 Particular Protocol Considerations...................9
       4.1.3.1 Electronic Mail (SMTP).............................9
       4.1.3.2 Web Access (HTTP).................................10
       4.1.3.3 News (NNTP).......................................10
       4.1.3.4 Internet Relay Chat...............................10
       4.2 IP Addressing.........................................10
       4.2.1 Hierarchical Routing................................11
       4.2.2 IP Version 4 Addresses..............................12
       4.2.3 IP Version 6 Addresses..............................12
       4.3 PICS Labels...........................................13
       5. Conclusions............................................13
       References................................................14
       Authors Addresses.........................................15
       Full Copyright Statement..................................16
       Expiration and File Name..................................16
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 2]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
1. Background
    The concept of a .xxx, .sex, or similar top-level domain is
    periodically suggested by politicians and commentators. Other
    proposals have included a domain reserved exclusively for material
    viewed as appropriate for minors, or using IP address bits or ranges
    to segregate content.
    In an October 1998 report accompanying the Child Online Protection
    Act, the House Commerce committee said "there are no technical
    barriers to creating an adult domain, and it would be very easy to
    block all websites within an adult domain." The report also said that
    the committee was wary of regulating the computer industry and that
    any decision by the U.S. government "will have international
    consequences." [HOUSEREPORT]
    British Telecom has backed adult top-level domains, saying in a 1998
    letter to the U .S. Department of Commerce that it "strongly
    supported" that plan. The reason: "Sexually explicit services could
    then be legally required to operate with domain names in this gTLD
    [that] would make it much simpler and easier to control access to
    such sites..." [BT] One of ICANN's progenitors, the GTLD-MOU
    committee, suggested a "red-light -zone" top-level domain in a
    September 1997 request for comment. [GTLD-MOU]
    Some adult industry executives have endorsed the concept. In 1998,
    Seth Warshavsky, president of the Internet Entertainment Group, told
    the U.S. Senate Commerce committee that he would like to see a .adult
    domain. "We're suggesting the creation of a new top-level domain
    called '.adult' where all sexually explicit material on the Net would
    reside," Warshavsky said in an interview at the time. [WARSHAVSKY]
    More recently, other entrepreneurs in the industry have said that
    they do not necessarily object to the creation of an adult domain as
    long as they may continue to use .com.
    Conservative groups in the U.S. say they are not eager for such a
    domain, and prefer criminal laws directed at publishers and
    distributors of sexually-explicit material.  The National Law Center
    for Children and Families in Fairfax, Virginia, said in February 2001
    that it did not favor any such proposal. For different reasons, the
    American Civil Liberties Union and civil liberties groups also oppose
    it.
    Sen. Joseph Lieberman, the U.S. Democratic Party's vice presidential
    nominee, endorsed the idea at a June 2000 meeting of the federal
    Commission on Child Online Protection. Lieberman said in a prepared
    statement that "we would ask the arbiters of the Internet to simply
    abide by the same standard as the proprietor of an X-rated movie
    theater or the owner of a convenience store who sells sexually-
    explicit magazines." [LIEBERMAN]
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 3]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    In the 1998 law creating this commission, the U.S. Congress required
    the members to investigate "the establishment of a domain name for
    posting of any material that is harmful to minors." The commission
    devoted a section of its October 2000 report to that topic. It
    concluded that both a .xxx and a .kids domain are technically
    possible, but would require action by ICANN. The report said that an
    adult domain might be only "moderately effective" and raises privacy
    and free speech concerns. [COPAREPORT]
    The commission also explored the creation of a so-called red zone or
    green zone for content by means of allocation of a new set of IP
    addresses under IPv6. Any material not in one of those two zones
    would be viewed as in a grey zone and not necessarily appropriate or
    inappropriate for minors. Comments from commissioners were largely
    negative: "Effectiveness would require substantial effort to attach
    content to specific I P numbers. This approach could potentially
    reduce flexibility and impede optimal network performance. It would
    not be effective at blocking access to chat, newsgroups, or instant
    messaging."
    In October 2000, ICANN rejected a .xxx domain during its initial
    round of approving additional top-level domains. The reasons are not
    entirely clear, but former ICANN Chairwoman Esther Dyson said that
    the adult industry did not entirely agree that such a domain would be
    appropriate. One .xxx hopeful, ICM Registry of Ontario, Canada, in
    December 2000 asked ICANN to reconsider its decision. [ICM-REGISTRY]
2. Legal and Philisophical Problems
    When it comes to sexually-explicit material, every person, court, and
    government has a different view of what's acceptable and what is not.
    Attitudes change over time, and what is viewed as appropriate in one
    town may spark protests in the next. When faced with the slippery
    nature of what depictions of sexual activity should be illegal or
    not, one U.S. Supreme Court justice blithely defined obscenity as: "I
    know it when I see it."
    In the U.S., obscenity is defined as explicit sexual material that,
    among other things, violates "contemporary community standards" -- in
    other words, even at the national level, there is no agreed-upon rule
    governing what is illegal and what is not. Making matters more knotty
    is that there are over 200 United Nations country codes, and in most
    of them political subdivisions can impose their own restrictions.
    Even for legal nude modeling, age restrictions differ. They're
    commonly 18 years of age, but only 17 years of age in Sweden. A
    photographer in Oslo conducting what's viewed as a legal and proper
    photo shoot there likely would be branded a felon and child
    pornographer in the U.S.
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 4]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    Saudi Arabia, Iran, and China are not likely to have the same liberal
    views as, say, the Netherlands. Saudi Arabia, like some other
    nations, filters its Internet connection and has created a government
    committee to protect its society from web sites that officials view
    as immoral. Their views on what should be included in a .xxx domain
    would hardly be identical to those in more liberal democracies.
    Those wildly different opinions on sexual material make it improbable
    a global consensus can ever be reached on what is appropriate or
    inappropriate for a .xxx or .adult top-level domain. Moreover, the
    existence of such a domain would create an irresistible temptation on
    the part of conservative legislators to require controversial
    publishers to move to that domain.
    Some conservative politicians already have complained that ICANN did
    not approve .xxx in its October 2000 meeting. During a February 2001
    hearing in the U.S. House of Representatives, legislators warned that
    they "want to explore ICANN's rationale for not approving two
    particular top level domain names -- .kids and .xxx -- as a means to
    protect kids from the awful smut which is so widespread on the
    Internet."
    It seems plausible that only a few adult publishers, and not those
    who have invested resources in building a brand around a .com site,
    would voluntarily abandon their current domain name. Instead, they'd
    likely add a propel legislators in the U.S. and other countries to
    require them to publish exclusively from an adult domain, a move that
    would invite ongoing political interference with Internet governance
    and raise concerns about forced speech and self-labeling.
    In fact, the ultimate arbiter of generic top-level domain names -- at
    least currently -- is not ICANN, but the U.S. government. The U.S.
    Congress' General Accounting Office in July 2000 reported that the
    Commerce Department continues to be responsible for domain names
    allowed by the authoritative root. [GAO] The GAO's auditors concluded
    it was unclear whether the Commerce Department has the "requisite
    authority" under current law to transfer that responsibility to
    ICANN.
    The American Civil Liberties Union -- and other members of the
    international Global Internet Liberty Campaign -- caution that
    publishers speaking frankly about birth control, AIDS prevention, and
    gay and lesbian sex could be coerced into moving to an adult domain.
    Once there, they would be stigmatized and easily blocked by schools,
    libraries, companies, and other groups using filtering software.
    Publishers of such information who do not view themselves as
    pornographers and retain their existing addresses could be targeted
    for prosecution.
    The existence of an adult top-level domain would likely open the door
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 5]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    for related efforts, either policy or legislative. There are many
    different axes through which offensive material can be defined: Sex,
    violence, hate, heresy, subversion, blasphemy, illegal drugs,
    profanity, political correctness, glorification of crime, incitement
    to break the law, and so on. Such suggestions invite the ongoing
    lobbying of ICANN, the U.S. government, or other policy-making bodies
    by special-interest groups that are not concerned with the technical
    feasibility or practicality of their advice.
    An adult top-level domain could have negative legal repercussions by
    endangering free expression. U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day
    O'Connor has suggested that the presence of "adult zones" on the
    Internet would make a future Communications Decency Act (CDA) more
    likely to be viewed as constitutional. In her partial dissent to the
    Supreme Court's rejection of the CDA in 1997 [CDA], O'Connor said
    that "the prospects for the eventual zoning of the Internet appear
    promising." (The Supreme Court ruled the CDA violated free speech
    rights by making it a crime to distribute "indecent" or "patently
    offensive" material online.)
    Privacy could be harmed by such a proposal. It would become easier
    for repressive governments and other institutions to track visits to
    sites in a domain labeled as adult and record personally-identifiable
    information about the visitor. Repressive governments would instantly
    have more power to monitor naive users and prosecute them for their
    activities. It's also not clear how effective a top-level domain
    would be when controlling access to chat, email, newsgroups and
    instant messaging.
4. Technical Difficulties
    Even ignoring the philosophical and legal difficulties outlined
    above, there are substantial technical difficulties in attempting to
    impose content classification by domain names or IP addresses.
    Mandatory content labeling is usually advanced with the idea of using
    a top level domain name, discussed in section 4.1 below, but we also
    discuss the more fundamental possibility of using IP address bits or
    ranges in section 4.2 below.
    In section 4.3 difficulties with a few particular higher level
    protocols are discussed.  In some cases, these protocols use
    different name spaces.
    We also discuss PICS labels [PICS] as an alternative technology in
    section 4.4.
    Only a limited technical background is assumed so some basic
    information is included below and in some cases descriptions are
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 6]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    simplified.
4.1 Domain Name System (DNS) and Other Names
    The most prominent user visible part of Internet naming and
    addressing is the domain name system [RFC 1034, 1035].  Domain Names
    are dotted sequences of labels such as aol.com, world.std.com,
     or ftp.gnu.lcs.mit.edu [RFC 1035, 1591,
    2606].  They form an important part of most World Wide Web addresses
    or URLs [RFC 2396], commonly appearing right after "//".
    Actually, domain names just name nodes in a global distributed
    hierarchically delegated database.  A wide variety of information can
    be stored at these nodes including IP addresses of machines on the
    network (see section 4.2 below), such things as mail delivery
    information, and many other types of information.  Thus, the data
    stored at foo.example.com could be the numeric information for
    sending data to a particular machine, which would be used if you
    tried to browse , the name of a computer (say
    mailhost.example.com) to handle mail addressed to anyone
     and other information.
    There are also other naming systems in use, such as news group names
    and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) channel names.
    The usual labeling idea presented is to reserve a top level name,
    such as .xxx for "adult" material and/or .kids for "safe" material or
    the like.  Ignoring the definitional and legal problems there are
    technical and linguistic problems with this are described in the
    subsections below.
4.1.1 Linguistic Problems
    When using name labeling, the first problem is from whose language do
    you take the names to impose?  Words and acronyms can have very
    different meanings if different languages and the probability of
    confusion is multiplied when phonetic collisions are considered.
    As an example of possible problems, note that currently the
    government of Turkmenistan has suspended new registrations in ".tm",
    which had previously been a source of revenue, because some of the
    registered second level domain names may have been "legally obscene
    in Turkmenistan".  D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 7]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
4.1.2 The DNS Hierarchy and Use of TLDs
    An important aspect of the design of the Domain Name System (DNS) is
    the hierarchical delegation of data maintenance.  The DNS really only
    works, and has been able to scale the five orders of magnitude it has
    grown since its initial deployment, only due to this delegation.
    The first minor problem is that one would expect most computers or
    web sites to have a mix of material only some of which should be
    specially classified.  Using special TLDs multiples the number of DNS
    zones the site has to worry about.  For example, assume the site has
    already sorted its material into "kids", "normal, and "adult" piles.
    Without special TLD labels, it can store them under kids.example.net,
    adult.example.net, and other.example.net, for instance, which
    requires only the maintenance of the single example.net zone of
    database entries.  With special TLD labeling, at least example.net
    (for normal stuff), example.net.xxx, and example.net.kids would need
    to be maintained which are three separate zones in different parts of
    the DNS tree.  As the number of categories expands and the number of
    category combinations explodes, this quickly becomes completely
    unmanageable.
4.1.2 You Can't Control Who Points At You
    The DNS system works as a database and associates certain data,
    called resource records, or RRs, with domain names.  In particular,
    it can associate IP address resource records with domain names.  For
    example, when you browse a URL, most commonly the domain name within
    that URL is looked up in the DNS and the resulting address (see
    Section 4.2) is used to address the packets sent from your web
    browser or other software to the server or peer.
    Remember what we said in Section 4.1.1 about hierarchical delegation?
    Anyone controlling a DNS zone of data, say example.com, can insert
    data at that name or any deeper name (except to the extent they
    maintain delegations of some of the deeper namespace to yet others).
    So the controller of example.com can insert data so that
    purity.example.com has stored at it the same computer address which
    is at   This directs any reference to
    purity.example.com to use the associated IP address which is the same
    as the  web site.  The manager of that
    hypothetical web site, who controls the example.xxx zone, has no
    control over the example.com DNS zone and so is technically incapable
    of causing it to conform to any "xxx" labeling law.  Or, in the
    alternative, someone could create a name conforming to an adult
    labeling requirement that actually pointed to someone else's entirely
    unobjectionable site, perhaps for the purpose of polluting the
    labeling.
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 8]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    Thus, providers of data on the Internet cannot stop anyone from
    creating names pointing to their computer's IP address with
    misleading domain names.
4.1.3 Particular Protocol Considerations
    There are additional considerations related to particular protocols.
    We consider only a few here.  The first two, electronic mail and the
    World Wide Web, use domain name addressing.  The second two, net news
    and IRC, actually use different name spaces and illustrate further
    technical problems with name based labeling.
4.1.3.1 Electronic Mail (SMTP)
    The standard Internet electronic mail protocol separates "envelope"
    information from content [RFC 821, 822].  The envelope information
    indicates where a message claims to have originated and to whom it
    should be delivered.  The content has fields starting with labels
    like "From:" and "To:" but these actually have no effect and can be
    arbitrarily forged using simple normally available software, such a
    telnetting to the SMTP port on a mail server.  Content fields are not
    compared with envelope fields.
    While different mail client display envelope information and headers
    from the content of email differently, generally the more common
    content fields are given prominence.  Thus, while not exactly the
    same as content labeling, it should be noted that it is trivial to
    send mail to anyone with arbitrary domain names in the email
    addresses appearing in the From and To headers, etc.
    It is also easy set up a host to forward mail to a mailing list.
    Mail sent with normal mail tools to this forwarder will automatically
    have content headers reflecting the forwarder's name but the
    forwarder will change the envelope information and cause the mail to
    be actually sent to the original list.  For example, (with names
    disguised) there is a social mailing list innocuous at foo.example.org
    and someone set up a forwarder at cat-torturers at other.example.  Mail
    sent to the forwarder is forwarded and appears on the innocuous
    mailing list but with a "To: cat-torturers at other.example" header in
    its body.  In some cases, similar things can be done using the "bcc"
    or blind courtesy copy feature of Internet mail.
    Thus, standard Internet tools provide no way to control domain names
    appearing inside email headers.
    There is work proceeding on securing email; however, such efforts at
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                   [Page 9]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    present only allow you to verify whether or not a particular entity
    was the actual author of the mail.  They do not generally relate to
    controlling or authenticating domain names in the content of the
    mail.
4.1.3.2 Web Access (HTTP)
    At least with modern web servers and browsers supporting HTTP 1.1
    [RFC 2616], the domain name used to access the site is available to
    access different web sites even though they are on the same machine
    at the same IP address.
    (more to come)
4.1.3.3 News (NNTP)
    Net news uses hierarchical structured newsgroup names that are
    similar in appearance to domain names except that the most
    significant label is on the left and the least on the right, the
    opposite of domain names.  However, while the names are structured
    hierarchically, there is no central control.  Instead, news servers
    periodically connect to other news servers that have agreed to
    exchange messages with them and then they update each other on
    messages only in those newsgroups in which they wish to exchange
    messages.
    (more to come)
4.1.3.4 Internet Relay Chat
    Internet Relay Chat is another example of a service which uses a
    different name space.  (more to come)
4.2 IP Addressing
    A key characteristic of the Internet Protocol (IP) on which the
    Internet is based is that it breaks data up into "packets".  These
    packets are individually handled and routed from source to
    destination.  Each packet has in it a numeric address for the
    destination point to which the Internet will try to deliver the
    packet.
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 10]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    (End users do not normally see these numeric addresses but instead
    deal with "domain names" as described in section 4.1 above.)
    The numeric address system now primarily in use is called IPv4, or
    Internet Protocol Version 4, which provides for 32 bit addresses.
    There is a move to migrate to IPv6, which provides for 128 bit
    addresses.
    One problem in using addressing for content filtering is that this is
    a very coarse technique.  IP addresses address network interfaces
    which usually correspond to entire computer systems which could house
    multiple web pages, sets of files, etc., only a small part of which
    it was desired to block or enable.  Increasingly, a single IP address
    may correspond to a NAT (Network Address Translation) box [NAT] which
    hides multiple computers behind it, although in that case these
    computers are usually not servers.
    However, even beyond this problem of coarse granularity, the
    practical constraints of hierarchical routing make the allocation of
    even a single IPv4 address bit or any significant number of IPv6
    address bits impossible.
4.2.1 Hierarchical Routing
    As packets of data flow through the Internet, decisions must be made
    as to how to forward them "towards" their destination.  This is
    normally done by comparing the initial bits of the packet destination
    address to entries in a "routing table" and forwarding the packets as
    indicated by the table entry with the longest prefix match.
    While the Internet is actually a general mesh, if, for simplicity, we
    consider it to have a central backbone at the "top", a packet is
    typically routed as follows:
    The local networking code looks at its routing table to determine if
    the packet should be sent directly to another computer on the "local"
    network, to a router to specially forward it to another nearby
    network, or routed "up" to a "default" router to forward it to a
    higher level service provider's network.  If the packet's destination
    is "far enough away" it will eventually get forwarded up to a router
    on the backbone.  Such a router can not sent the packet "up" since it
    is at the top or "default free" zone and must have a complete table
    of what other top level router to send the packet to.  Currently,
    such top level routers are very large and expensive devices. They
    must be able to maintain tables of tens of thousands of routes.  When
    the packet gets to the top level router of the part of the network
    within which its destination lies, it get forwarded "down" to
    successive routers which are more and more specific and local until
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 11]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    eventually its gets to a router on the local network where its
    destination address lies.  This local router sends the packet
    directly to the destination computer.
    Because all of these routing decisions are made on a longest prefix
    match basis, it can be seen that IP addresses are not general names
    or labels but are intimately associated with the actual topology and
    routing structure of the network.  If there were assigned at random,
    routers would be required to remember so many specific routes for
    specific addresses that it would exceed the current technical
    capabilities for router design.
    It should also be noted that there is some inefficiency in allocation
    at each level of hierarchy.  Generally allocations are of a power of
    two addresses and as requirements grow and/or shrink, it is not
    practical to use every address for a computer.
    (The above simplified description ignores multi-homing and many other
    details.)
4.2.2 IP Version 4 Addresses
    There just isn't any practical way to reallocate even one bit of IPv4
    global Internet Addresses for content filtering use.  Such addresses
    are in short supply and such an allocation would, in effect, cut the
    number of available addresses in half.  There just aren't enough
    addresses, given the efficiency of hierarchical allocation and
    routing, to do this.  Even if there were, current numbers have not be
    allocated with this in mind so that a renumbering within every
    organization with hosts on the Internet would be required, a
    nightmarish and Herculean task costing in the billions of dollars.
    Even if these problems were overcome, the allocation of even a single
    bit would likely double the number of routes in the default free
    zone, exceeding the capacity of current routers and requiring the
    upgrade of thousands of them to new routers that do not exist yet.
    And all this is for only a single bit, let alone more than one, is
    allocated to content labeling.
    Basically, the idea is a non-starter.
4.2.3 IP Version 6 Addresses
    IPv6 provides 128 bit address fields.  (more to come)
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 12]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
4.3 PICS Labels
    PICS Labels [PICS] have several modes.  If content is required to
    have labels in it, it raises all the problems of categorization
    granularity and forced speech.  But if used in a mode whereby a third
    party determines and provides labels for content and users are free
    to select whatever such third party or parties they wish to consult,
    it is a way to permit a myriad of categories, editors, and evaluators
    to exist in parallel.
    (more to come)
5. Conclusions
    TBD
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 13]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    [BT] - British Telecom comments to U.S. Commerce Department, February
    20, 1998,
    [CDA] - Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, 117 S.Ct. 2329, June
    26, 1997,     [COPAREPORT] - Final Report of the COPA Commission to the U.S.
    Congress, October 20, 2000,
    [GAO] - GAO Report OGC-00-33R, July 7, 2000,
    [GTLD-MOU] - GTLD-MOU Policy Oversight committee RFC 97-02, September
    13, 1997,     [HOUSEREPORT] - U.S. House Commerce Committee report, 105th Congress,
    October 5, 1998.
    [ICM-REGISTRY] - Request for reconsideration from ICM Registry to
    ICANN, December 15, 2000,
    [LIEBERMAN] - Testimony of Senator Joe Lieberman before Children's
    Online Protection Act Commission, June 8, 2000,
    [NAT] - ...
    [PICS] -  Platform for Internet Content Selection
       Service Descriptions        Label Format and Distribution        PICS Rules        PICS Signed Labels (DSIG) 1.0 Specification
    [RFC 791] - "Internet Protocol", J. Postel, September 1981.
    [RFC 821] - "Simple Mail Transfer Protocol", J. Postel, Aug-01-1982.
    [RFC 822] - "Standard for the format of ARPA Internet text messages",
    D.  Crocker, Aug-13-1982.
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 14]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
    [RFC 1034] - P. Mockapetris, "Domain Names - Concepts and
    Facilities", STD 13, November 1987.
    [RFC 1035] - P. Mockapetris, "Domain Names - Implementation and
    Specifications", STD 13, November 1987.
    [RFC 1591] - J. Postel, "Domain Name System Structure and
    Delegation", March 1994.
    [RFC 2396] - T.  Berners-Lee, R. Fielding, L. Masinter, "Uniform
    Resource Identifiers (URI): Generic Syntax", August 1998.
    [RFC 2460] - "Internet Protocol, Version 6 (IPv6) Specification",
    Deering, S. and R. Hinden, December 1998.
    [RFC 2606] - D. Eastlake, A. Panitz, "Reserved Top Level DNS Names",
    June 1999.
    [RFC 2616] - "Hypertext Transfer Protocol -- HTTP/1.1", R. Fielding,
    J. Gettys, J. Mogul, H. Frystyk, L. Masinter, P. Leach, T. Berners-
    Lee, June 1999.
    [WARSHAVSKY] - "Congress weighs Net porn bills," CNET article,
    February 10, 1998, D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 15]
INTERNET-DRAFT         .xxx Considered Dangerous           February 2001
Full Copyright Statement
    Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2001).  All Rights Reserved.
    This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to
    others, and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it
    or assist in its implementation may be prepared, copied, published
    and distributed, in whole or in part, without restriction of any
    kind, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are
    included on all such copies and derivative works.  However, this
    document itself may not be modified in any way, such as by removing
    the copyright notice or references to the Internet Society or other
    Internet organizations, except as needed for the purpose of
    developing Internet standards in which case the procedures for
    copyrights defined in the Internet Standards process must be
    followed, or as required to translate it into languages other than
    English.
    The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be
    revoked by the Internet Society or its successors or assigns.
    This document and the information contained herein is provided on an
    "AS IS" basis and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING
    TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
    BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION
    HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Expiration and File Name
    This draft expires August 2001.
    Its file name is draft-eastlake-xxx-00.txt.
D. Eastlake 3rd, D. McCullagh                                  [Page 16]

@_date: 2001-02-28 17:47:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory, Not Facts 
References:  <3A9C0432.B5BF7E05
I'll go further. The First Amendment is part of the U.S. Constitution,
and antitrust law is not.
When the two are in conflict, the law must give way. :)
(This is pretty much in jest, you antitrust scholars note. Yes, I have
read media antitrust cases, etc.)

@_date: 2001-02-28 18:27:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why Wired is tired 
References: <3A96D907.57035CCC
He's wrong; you're (not surprisingly) wrong.
Wired, the magazine, is no longer what it once was.

@_date: 2001-02-28 18:31:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Micropayments: Effective Replacement For Ads? 
tcmay on Mon, Feb 26, 2001 at 10:32:05PM -0800
References: Right, or similar solutions based on originating domain name or IP
address, with appropriate verification.
I have never paid for a conference that I have covered.  (Well, once I
paid $20 or so to Defcon, but that was for a good cause.
See y'all at CFP -- though journalists do not get free meals, alas.

@_date: 2001-02-28 18:33:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Information wants to be free" 
from alan on Tue, Feb 27, 2001 at 08:36:44PM -0800
References: That's the best line so far...

@_date: 2001-02-28 18:36:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bell Subpoena 2 
References: <200102262308.SAA26143
If anyone else has received communication of any sort from law
enforcement regarding this case -- including a subpoena -- I
would be interested in hearing about it.
I'm at 202 986 3455 (collect is fine) or declan at well.com.

@_date: 2001-01-02 12:59:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 1 in 700 emails contains a virus... 
References: Jim, are you being intentionally obtuse? Not everyone reads your
email messages the same day; the home page changes. Send an exact
URL, please. It's only polite.

@_date: 2001-01-03 11:43:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ADL lauds Yahoo for switching on French Nazi case 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact:  Myrna Shinbaum (212) 885-7747
ADL COMMENDS YAHOO FOR ACTION BANNING
NAZI MEMORABILIA AND OTHER HATEFUL ITEMS ON ITS AUCTION SITE
New York, NY, January 3, 2001 ... The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) today
commended Yahoo! for its decision to take steps to remove hateful materials
from its Internet auctions, calling it a "creative solution to combat the
flood of Nazi memorabilia and other offensive and hateful items being hawked
for sale to the highest bidder in their online auctions."
National Director, issued the following statement:
that hateful materials do not appear in its online auctions.  We believe
Yahoo! has come up with a creative solution to combat the flood of Nazi
memorabilia and other offensive or hateful items being hawked for sale to
the highest bidder in their online auctions.
against selling these items to the public, they were clearly offensive to
many individuals who frequent the auction site.  Yahoo! has recognized this
public concern and demonstrated corporate responsibility by establishing
guidelines for users who wish to sell items online and actively monitoring
auction rooms for inappropriate or offensive content.  Yahoo!'s decision
means that the Internet provider is taking a more proactive role in
enforcing its own "Terms of Service," which forbid the posting of content
that is hateful or otherwise objectionable.
and communication, but it continues to pose complex issues, requiring
Internet companies to walk a fine line between free expression and
inappropriate or hateful conduct.  Internet companies need to be continually
on watch for hateful content and, when appropriate, to respond with similar
The Anti-Defamation League, founded in 1913, is the world's leading
organization fighting anti-Semitism through programs and services that
counteract hatred, prejudice and bigotry.

@_date: 2001-01-05 14:48:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Where John Ashcroft stands on technology: A mixed bag 
Top Cop Arrives With Mixed Bag
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Jan. 5, 2001 PST
   For liberal Democrats, John Ashcroft is a maddening symbol of
   everything wrong with a George W. Bush presidency -- from the former
   senator's staunch opposition to abortion to his alleged insensitivity
   regarding race.
   To conservatives, Bush's nominee for attorney general represents
   precisely the opposite extreme: A respected leader who will restore
   integrity to a Justice Department brought low by the Clinton
   administration. Ashcroft opposes background checks at gun shows,
   supports increased penalties for drug offenses and would not prohibit
   discrimination based on sexual orientation.
   On technology issues, Ashcroft's record as a Missouri governor and
   senator is mixed. He seems genuinely to believe in privacy rights and
   economic liberty, and has taken a moderate position on intellectual
   property and fair-use rights.
   But free-speech groups already are girding themselves for the legal
   equivalent of trench warfare, predicting that newly emboldened
   Department of Justice prosecutors will launch an assault on sexually
   explicit material online. And Microsoft foes fret that the antitrust
   division's commitment to the high-profile antitrust case may wane.
   On one point everyone can agree: More than any other Cabinet member,
   the next attorney general will be in a position to make crucial
   decisions with far-reaching effects on antitrust enforcement, privacy
   protections and free speech rights.
   "An Ashcroft DOJ could be a decidedly mixed bag for the high-tech
   sector since he will be engaged in a constant balancing act on most
   industry issues," says Adam Thierer, an analyst at the free-market
   Cato Institute who's well connected in Republican technology circles.
   "While Ashcroft has a very strong record of support for loosening
   encryption controls, he may be faced with pressure from GOP
   law-and-order types to moderate his views on this and also be willing
   to continue, or even expand FBI efforts like Carnivore," Thierer said.
   Make that a near certainty. It's a fair bet that pro-law enforcement
   conservatives in the mold of wiretap-happy Rep. Bill McCollum of
   Florida, who unsuccessfully ran for the state's open Senate seat, will
   view a Republican DOJ as an opportunity to expand government
   surveillance and wiretapping powers.
   Liberal Democrats have vowed opposition to Ashcroft's nomination --
   People for the American Way even assembled a detailed criticism of the
   nominee -- but privately confide that they don't expect to
   successfully block his confirmation by the Senate.
   Wiretapping and Carnivore:
   Under Attorney General Janet Reno, a DOJ panel has reviewed the FBI's
   controversial Carnivore surveillance system and extended a tentative
   blessing. But critics panned the review board as uniformly
   pro-government, as first reported by Wired News, and independent
   researchers refused to participate in the process.
   Ashcroft is the former two-term attorney general and two-term governor
   of Missouri. During his time there, he cemented his reputation as a
   solid conservative eager to lower taxes and build new prisons.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-01-07 23:17:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Functional quantum computer? 
References: <200101071326.IAA21222 Choate: Moron or obstinate?
The truth is somewhere in between. As Choate knows, many news sites
keep URLs active for quite a while. Wired.com URLs from 1995 still
work, for instance.
And search engines aren't always updated or don't always work that
well. Etc. Like I said, a little of both.

@_date: 2001-01-07 23:18:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
References: <20010107180655.34471.qmail <4.1.20010107233126.00934100
Just got to your local cell phone dealer (even blockbuster here
in DC) and buy an AT&T prepaid cell phone for cash.

@_date: 2001-01-07 23:18:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
References: <20010107180655.34471.qmail
Ah, sorry, my comments were US-specific.

@_date: 2001-01-07 23:20:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
References: <909EB55D24CCFD4D9ABABD1B9BD610C601119461 <3A591090.4AFE638
AT&T is $.40/minute, still very high, for larger units such as $100
purchases of minutes. --Declan

@_date: 2001-01-07 23:21:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Steven Levy Book Tour 
References: <200101072336.SAA31519
I took a copy of Steven's book to Aruba and read most of it there.
Very worthwhile. I'll review it soon.

@_date: 2001-01-08 13:07:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
References:  For now; future trends include GPS. See an article I wrote below.
Qualcomm, for instance, said that its gpsONE technology shifts the
choice to whomever is holding the handset. The user has three choices:
a default of always on or always off, the option of deciding every
time the device is used, or choosing which applications will reveal
the information.
The company argues that providing its customers with that flexibility
will give them even more options than they enjoy with landline phones,
which often reveal the subscription address of the person paying for
the service. The gpsONE technology, which uses both GPS technology and
base station triangulation, can locate a user within a diameter of 5
to 15 meters outdoors, and 30 to 60 meters indoors.

@_date: 2001-01-08 13:24:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
References: <3A591090.4AFE638  <20010108104448.A15487
Yes. See:
Probably the biggest push toward including location information came,
ironically enough, from the federal government. In 1996 the Federal
Communications Commission began the lengthy process of requiring
cell-phone companies to build location-broadcasting
The justification: enhanced 911 service, which lets emergency workers
find you when you're on the road.
The FCC required that of all the handsets sold by carriers by December
2001, 25 percent must support location broadcasts, and 100 percent
must by December 2002. By December 2005, 95 percent of all handsets in
use must be able to broadcast location data, tNow that the regulations
are in place -- status reports were due last month -- businesses are
considering what else to do with the features.

@_date: 2001-01-08 22:57:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: History Channel television show on NSA (fwd) 
References: Watched it, ET giving me a 3 hr advantage over you golden staters. A
definite passover except for last 10 minutes, Echelon-dodging making
the spooks limber enough to Macarena with Clipper Chip-endorsing Al
with dispatch. "Trust us," DIRNSA proudly proclaims, with Church bells
ringing in the near distance. Of note is latest permutation of
horsemen riding in on backs of Defcon-going hackers as justification
for existence of The Agency That Shall Not Be Named.
-Declan, channeling JYA

@_date: 2001-01-09 01:22:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
References: <35ef637b5c366a720f012b20c2beb949 This is nonsense. GPG would in this situation not have a monopoly any
more (and in fact less) than SMTP or FTP would be.
Many free market economists believe there is no such thing as a
monopoly sans government intervention.  Even if they're wrong, it is
silly to describe protocols not owned by one entity as a
monopoly. (Who has the "monopoly power," for purposes of legal
analysis, for instance?)
The point of anonymous remailers and commonly-used crypto varies
depending on to whom you speak, but there are worse answers than
protecting liberty. And those who defend it know that coercion is done
by someone holding a gun to your head, not by someone suggestion
a protocol on a mailing list.
But of course this is Jim Choate.

@_date: 2001-01-09 01:44:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: History Channel television show on NSA (fwd) 
References: Ah, yes, I remember this. According to one article
( it was in FY2K appropriations, so report was long due.
According to language in a report on the bill, the CIA and NSA must
address the following in their report to congress:
The legal standards for interception of communications to or from
U.S. citizens.
The legal standards for intentional targeting of the communications to
or from U.S. citizens.
The legal standards for receipt from non-U.S. sources of information
pertaining to communications to or from U.S. citizens.
The legal standards for dissemination of information acquired through
the interception of the communications to or from U.S. citizens.
I recall it was sent to the relevant intel committees around Feb 00.

@_date: 2001-01-09 11:40:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Review of History Channel's NSA documentary 
[The documentary aired again twice this morning on the History Channel, and it's a fair bet it'll show again later this week. --Declan
    History Looks at the NSA
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Jan. 9, 2001 PST
    WASHINGTON -- As anyone who watched Enemy of the State knows, the
    National Security Agency is a rapacious beast with an appetite for
    data surpassed only by its disregard for Americans' privacy.
    Or is the opposite true, and the ex-No Such Agency staffed by ardent
    civil libertarians?
    To the NSA, of course, its devilish reputation is merely an
    unfortunate Hollywood fiction. Its director, Lt. Gen. Michael Hayden,
    has taken every opportunity to say so, most recently on a History
    Channel documentary that aired for the first time Monday evening.
    "It's absolutely critical that (Americans) don't fear the power that
    we have," Hayden said on the show.
    He dismissed concerns about eavesdropping over-eagerness and all but
    said the NSA, far from being one of the most feared agencies, has
    become one of the most handicapped.
    One reason, long cited by agency officials: Encryption. The show's
    producers obligingly included stock footage of Saddam Hussein, saying
    that the dictator-for-life has been spotted chatting on a 900-channel
    encrypted cell phone.
    That's no surprise. The NSA, as Steven Levy documents in his new
    Crypto book (which the documentary overlooks), has spent the last 30
    years trying to suppress data-scrambling technology through export
    regulations, court battles, and even personal threats.
    Instead of exploring that controversial and timely subject that's tied
    to the ongoing debate over privacy online, "America's Most Secret
    Agency" instead spends the bulk of an hour on a history of
    cryptography starting in World War II. Most of the documentary could
    have aired two decades ago, and no critics are interviewed.
    One of the few surprises in the otherwise bland show is the NSA's new
    raison d'etre -- infowar.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-01-09 11:41:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Review of Steven Levy's "Crypto" 
Crypto: Three Decades in Review
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    8:20 a.m. Jan. 9, 2001 PST
    WASHINGTON --It took only a year or two for a pair of computer and
    math geeks to discover modern encryption technology in the 1970s. But
    it's taken three decades for the full story to be told.
    Transforming what is an unavoidably nerdy tale into the stuff of
    passion and politics is not a trivial business, but Steven Levy, the
    author of Crypto, proves himself more than up to the task.
    Crypto (Viking Penguin, $25.95), is Levy's compelling history of the
    personalities behind the development of data encryption, privacy and
    authentication: The mathematicians who thought up the idea, the
    businessmen who tried to sell it to an unsure public and the
    bureaucrats who tried to control it.
    Levy, a Newsweek writer and author of well-received technology
    histories such as Hackers and Insanely Great, begins his book in 1969
    with a profile of Whit Diffie, the tortured, quirky co-discoverer of
    public key cryptography. Other characters soon populate the stage: The
    MIT mathematicians eager to sign documents digitally; Jim Bidzos, the
    Greek-born dealmaker who led RSA Data Security from ruin to success;
    and Phil Zimmermann, the peace-activist-turned-programmer who gave the
    world Pretty Good Privacy.
    Until their contributions, the United States and other countries
    suffered from a virtual crypto-embargo, under which the technology to
    perform secure communications was carefully regulated as a munition
    and used primarily by soldiers and spies.
    But what about privacy and security? "On one side of the battle were
    relative nobodies: computer hackers, academics and wonky civil
    libertarians. On the other were some of the most powerful people in
    the world: spies, generals and even presidents. Guess who won," Levy
    writes.
    (Full disclosure: A few years ago, Levy asked this writer to help him
    research portions of the book. For whatever reason -- perhaps he found
    what he needed elsewhere -- discussions ceased.)
    Throughout Crypto's 356 pages, Levy takes the perspective of the
    outsiders -- and, in some cases, rebels -- who popularized the
    technology. Although he provides ample space for the U.S. government's
    views, he casts the struggle between crypto-buffs and their federal
    adversaries in terms familiar to foes of government control.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-01-10 01:29:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Book Review: The secrets of cryptography 
References: <812c65895e71032c648540dd03e36718
And a book review that isn't accurate...
ponder (such as, where is this all going to go?) filtered through the
people at the core of the controversy. Levy interviewed basically all
the privacy luminaries, from Fischer and Diffie to Phil Zimmerman
(head of Pretty Good Privacy). From them, he's managed to create what
With all due respect to Whit's very gracious and wonderful wife, I'm
not sure I'd call her a privacy luminary. Nor would I say Phil is head
of PGP.
uploading PGP to the Net via a laptop, acoustic coupler and various
pay phones is priceless.
This is not what Levy wrote.

@_date: 2001-01-10 01:47:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
References: <200101082217.RAA29708 <200101082217.RAA29708 <3.0.5.32.20010109123311.009d3c60 Yes and no. Courts have figured out long ago how to deal with
malleable computer files, of which email is a special case. And notes
allegedly taken during a telephone call or meeting (which were
important during the MS antitrust trial) are equally malleable.
What the prosecution here is interested in is chain of custody, did
you receive this message, can you verify that Exhibit A is what you
received from someone at somewhere.com, etc. with perjury as a
deterrent. Then they can use phone records to show a defendant was
online then via a dialup connection...
It strikes me that this is a sort of link padding: If you're online
all the time, those phone records will be virtually useless.

@_date: 2001-01-10 02:00:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: crypto implementation for small footprint devices 
References: <953A023D1ACA2F45A31A6F9B7B2A992502E8A1F7 It also might be worth checking out the elliptic curve apps that run
on Palm OS. --Declan

@_date: 2001-01-10 10:45:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: to Jim. 
References:  Is it just me, or is Choate worth keeping around purely for comedic value?
(And here I was thinking it would be worthwhile to set up a
Choate-free node! We could send invitations to all the subscribers on
his node and then refuse to peer with it until he dropped the CDR:
silliness. But then we wouldn't see paranoid pearls like the below,
so never mind.)

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:18:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Choate Free Zone (I'm famous Ma!) 
References: If I were to take Choate seriously, I'd point out that most of us,
when we talk about "crypto anarchy" (which is a chapter by itself in
Crypto), are not talking about lack of rules. In fact, anarchy can
include many rules: protocols, standards, and social routines. Instead,
we're talking about lack of *government* rules instituted by force.
But all of us know better than to take Choate seriously. So we can do
what's appropriate in an anarchy, and simply ignore him. Shunning,
after all, is more than appropriate: When it comes to loons, it's
even necessary.

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:23:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
References: It's amazing how Jim can be so earnest and so completely
wrong. Actually, I've known him too long: It's not remarkable, but
(Hint: U.S. copyright law does not make mere possession or archiving
an offense. Try distribution, performance, etc.)

@_date: 2001-01-10 12:54:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
References: <20010110122335.B24697
[Jim sent me the below message directly without any indication that it was also sent to the list. But from past experience, I know better. Another example of not-quite-adequate Choatian social norms.]
Anyway, Jim is conflating physical control over an instantiation of IP with the rights conferred by IP law. If someone copies Microsoft Word (or a Tom Clancy novel) onto a CDROM and gives it to me, I am not liable.

@_date: 2001-01-10 13:10:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The uses of pseudo-links 
References:  Right. Most news organizations nowadays provide some kind of "alert"
service. Wired News has one that lets readers choose to be alerted by
name of author or keyword:
These, to buttress your point, are better mechanisms to be alerted to
relevant articles than the cpunks list is.

@_date: 2001-01-10 15:46:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little Boomlet 
References: <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101100119.RAA09342 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <01011010543700.11747 <200101101730.MAA19989
True. As a journalist, I do my best to avoid those conditions. I think
of them (probably not an original thought) as entangling alliances.
I could easily cobble together a book proposal that would include
chapters by cypherpunk types; I'd edit. I've been thinking of writing
a book for a while -- even had meetings with publishers in '96 -- but
it would take too much time. Editing would be far easier.
Ah, it was a lackluster show and not that important.

@_date: 2001-01-10 15:52:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Refutations Considered Unnecessary 
References: <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101100119.RAA09342 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101101730.MAA19989 Right. Everyone's forgotten it; books like that (and Crypto, and
Database Nation)  have a short half-life.
He didn't make dismissive comments, and was actually more critical
(though mildly) when we had conversations about it in the past.
The thing, though, is that Crypto only spends a paragraph or two --
really -- on crypto anarchy. It's not a focus of the book, or even the
chapter, its name notwithstanding.

@_date: 2001-01-10 15:56:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010110124708.02465b70 Oh, certainly there are such cases, such as if you're part of the
infringement. But as a general rule, my point is valid, and I'd
challenge Choate to provide a cite to the U.S. code that suggests

@_date: 2001-01-10 16:03:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Choate Free Zone (I'm famous Ma!) 
References: <20010110121848.A24697 Oh, nobody's forcing you at gunpoint to follow any rules; thus,
there's no coercion involved, just social norms. Contrary to what you
say, shunning can take place for simply refusing to go along: If
someone repeatedly violates norms, it's a perfectly reasonable
As for whether OK to be shunned, if folks want to shun me, I support
their right to do so. But, not being all that Choatian, I doubt they

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:05:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
References: <20010110155646.D27031
As a general rule, mere possession of infringing material is not a crime. There are some exceptions, such as stealing the printouts of Tom Clancy's unpublished novel, but they are narrow and not that interesting and do not advance our understanding, even in Choatian sense, of the topic. --Declan

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:26:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Refutations Considered Unnecessary 
References: <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101100119.RAA09342 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101101730.MAA19989  <20010110155253.C27031 Yep. That was Caroline Kennedy, I recall. Good review of privacy
cases, little on tech stuff. I have probably a dozen privacy books on
my bookcases. EPIC publishes a few books (such as their review of
privacy regulations) a year.
Yep. I have been in the new Borders, bought one of this micro-Perl
handbooks there.

@_date: 2001-01-10 18:31:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little Boomlet 
References: <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101100119.RAA09342 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <01011010543700.11747 <200101101730.MAA19989 <20010110154645.B27031 As someone who makes the vast bulk of his income from speaking fees, I
wouldn't undertake such a project unless I could pay contributors and
get a generous number of copies to hand out. Seems only fair.
Yep, and not something that I'd be that interested in. But a limited
focus would be necessary. Maybe something titled "Crypto Anarchy." :)

@_date: 2001-01-11 00:58:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan's book 
References: <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <200101100119.RAA09342 <3A5C477E.CB81FA21 <01011010543700.11747 <200101101730.MAA19989 <20010110154645.B27031  <20010110183158.B29167 Ah, your output for two days is not worth $10K, at least based on a
publisher's estimation of market value. Sadly, politics may not be as
rewarding as investing. *
* Unless you're Colin Powell

@_date: 2001-01-11 01:00:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: can you take something unknowingly? (was Re: IP, forwarded 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010110152808.007e3750 Cite, please, to the relevant section of federal criminal law?
Oh, wait. You're just a blowhard. Nevermind.

@_date: 2001-01-12 10:10:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoJ publishes cybercrime manual, how much power cops have 
See:     The Feds'll Come A-Snoopin'
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Jan. 12, 2001 PST
    WASHINGTON -- Ever wonder how much leeway federal agents have when
    snooping through your e-mail or computer files?
    The short answer: a lot.
    The U.S. Department of Justice this week published new guidelines for
    police and prosecutors in cases involving computer crimes.
    The 500 KB document includes a bevy of recent court cases and covers
    new topics such as encryption, PDAs and secret searches.
    It updates a 1994 manual, which the Electronic Privacy Information
    Center had to file a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain. No
    need to take such drastic steps this time: The Justice Department has
    placed the report on its cybercrime.gov site.
    PAGERS VS. PDAs: Anyone who's arrested will likely be patted down for
    guns, contraband and electronic devices.
    So be sure to yank the batteries if you're about to be nabbed. During
    an arrest, cops can scroll through the information on your pager
    without a warrant.
    What about PDAs? The latest word, oddly enough, might be a 1973
    Supreme Court case, United States v. Robinson, that permitted police
    officers to conduct searches of an arrestee's possessions. Lower
    courts have extended this rule to include pagers.
    But PDAs more closely resemble computers in processing speed and
    storage capacity.
    Concludes the DOJ: "Courts have not yet addressed whether Robinson
    will permit warrantless searches of electronic storage devices that
    contain more information than pagers. If agents can examine the
    contents of wallets, address books and briefcases without a warrant,
    it could be argued that they should be able to search their electronic
    counterparts (such as electronic organizers, floppy disks and Palm
    Pilots) as well."
    Not everyone agrees that an arrest can lead to a full search. "The
    search incident to arrest is less settled," says Jennifer Granick, a
    San Francisco attorney specializing in computer crime law.
    [...]
    "NO KNOCK" SEARCHES: Conservative activists may hate this, but "no
    knock" searches, where Kevlar-clad goons toting M-16s break through
    your front door without warning, aren't going away. If anything, the
    Justice Department seems to think they're even more necessary when
    dealing with computer crimes.
    "Technically adept computer hackers have been known to use 'hot keys,'
    computer programs that destroy evidence when a special button is
    pressed. If agents knock at the door to announce their search, the
    suspect can simply press the button and activate the program to
    destroy the evidence," the manual says.
    It doesn't end there: The Justice Department cites a 1997 case,
    Richards v. Wisconsin, in which the Supreme Court said agents can
    conduct a no knock search even if the judge granting the warrant
    didn't approve one. That's allowed when agents have a "reasonable
    suspicion" that the subject of the search could destroy evidence or
    obstruct the investigation.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-01-12 11:32:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on G3s 
References:  And you know what? We're usually right. :)

@_date: 2001-01-12 22:28:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
References: <200101121702.MAA27817  <3.0.6.32.20010112164641.007f1100
David's suggestion makes sense to me. But if NONSTOP is a codeword, it
would be classified at least secret, and manufacturers of such
products would be discouraged by their customers at NSA from labeling
their products with such a name.

@_date: 2001-01-13 08:52:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: GOP hopes for more porn prosecutions; Bush to weigh MS case 
As the Porn Peril Turns
    by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Jan. 13, 2001 PST
    WASHINGTON -- The peril of online porn is why John Ashcroft should be
    the next attorney general, conservative organizations said on Friday.
    At a press conference organized to support Ashcroft's embattled
    nomination, the groups predicted that, among his other virtues, he
    would kick off a wave of Net-sex prosecutions.
    Beverly LaHaye of Concerned Women for America said that Ashcroft,
    unlike Attorney General Janet Reno, would enforce "laws against
    obscenity."
    Donna Rice-Hughes, the former Gary Hart gal pal turned antiporn
    activist, described herself as an "Internet safety advocate in support
    of John Ashcroft for attorney general."
    "The $1.5 billion online porn industry has continued to prosper with
    an anything-goes green light from the current Justice Department,"
    said Rice-Hughes, who founded Enough is Enough.
    "When George W. won, the porn industry lost," said Rice-Hughes, who
    claimed that online prurience "exploits women, preys on men and
    invades the innocence of (America's) children."
    [...]
    DOJ Pushes Case Against MS
    by Declan McCullagh
    9:45 a.m. Jan. 12, 2001 PST
    President-elect George W. Bush and his cabinet will soon decide what
    to do about the Microsoft antitrust case, a spokesman said on Friday.
    "The incoming administration and the incoming attorney general will
    review them and make any decisions as necessary," Ari Fleischer,
    Bush-Cheney transition spokesman, said in response to a question about
    Microsoft and other lawsuits the Clinton administration has filed.
    Fleischer, at the daily transition press conference, said he would not
    comment further on the Microsoft case. But he said that in general,
    Bush believes that the feds "too often engage in litigation to solve
    problems."
    "The president-elect will not rush to litigate the way some folks in
    Washington enjoy litigating," Fleischer said.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-01-15 17:26:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Photos of high-security George W. Bush inaugural preparations 
This weekend I wandered along the National Mall; here are some photos of the preparations for the George W. Bush inauguration on Saturday:
Note the high security in response to reports of protests planned:
A cop got out of his car to tell me not to take photos of police, when I was on a public sidewalk next to the Capitol building:
Map of parade route and police checkpoints by the Mall:
Washington Post article on protests, preparations:
Excerpt: "16 federal and local law enforcement agencies led by the Secret Service are taking unprecedented security steps. More officers than ever will be on duty -- at least 6,800 -- and it will be the first inaugural parade in American history for which those attending must pass through police checkpoints."
-Declan

@_date: 2001-01-17 12:02:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemcyberterror update 
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
Potomac Institute for Policy Studies (PIPS)
News briefing on "Terrorism: Review of 2000 and Outlook for 2001."
A special report on Osama bin Laden will also be released
Location: National Press Club, Lisagor, White and Murrow
     Rooms, 14th and F St., NW. 1 p.m.
Contact: Erin O'Connell, 703-525-0770 ext 241

@_date: 2001-01-17 12:45:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <200101170355.TAA08898
I've written about Ashcroft's mixed records on tech issues:

@_date: 2001-01-17 12:47:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: weight loss 
References: <3c6mdk5jv28tj02m5.1oa61w07
Dear Fat Friend,
Meet Photoshop.

@_date: 2001-01-17 17:04:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rapid5 Networks, Inc. 
References:  <007601c07ffa$214140d0$0100a8c0
But be warned: He may stamp CDR on all your outgoing messages.

@_date: 2001-01-18 11:12:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rapid5 Networks, Inc. 
References: <007601c07ffa$214140d0$0100a8c0 We think he exists only via email. None of us has ever seen him
in person. We theorize he could be a tentacle.

@_date: 2001-01-18 11:15:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <3A64D5F7.5886.F72F3B <01d501c0804e$e364c390$0100a8c0 <3A65F13A.893E41DB <20010117131831.D4050
Quite right. Ashcroft is objectionable, as is any candidate George W.
would propose, but he is arguably less objectionable than Reno.
Here's what he said yesterday about Microsoft:

@_date: 2001-01-18 12:19:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: REAL assassination politics 
from fas:
ASSASSINATION POLITICS
In a new bill introduced in the House of Representatives on January 3, Rep. Bob Barr proposed to eliminate the longstanding official prohibition against assassination.
Executive Order 12333, issued by President Reagan and currently in effect, dictates that "No person employed by or acting on behalf of the United States Government shall engage in, or conspire to engage in, assassination."  This restates similar prohibitions issued by the Ford and Carter Administrations.
According to Rep. Barr, however, "These Executive orders limit the swift, sure, and precise action needed by the United States to protect our national security."
Rep. Barr did not indicate exactly who he wants the Government to assassinate.  His bill does say, encouragingly, that assassination "is a remedy which should be used sparingly."
Moral considerations aside, the consensus of opinion among mainstream politicians of both parties has always been that the United States has more to lose than to gain by legitimizing assassination.
The text of the new bill, dubbed "The Terrorist Elimination Act of 2001," was posted by John Young on his outstanding site cryptome.org here:

@_date: 2001-01-19 00:18:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: John Ashcroft 
References: More on Ashcroft's tech record:
But I wonder who really believes Ashcroft is being absolutely genuine
in his responses to Feinstein?

@_date: 2001-01-19 23:54:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50 <20010118111544.B23662 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50 <01011913525606.14779 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
Because sometimes a show of force is perceved as necessary.
Heck, employers do it to employees all the time. We do it to our pets
when teaching them a lesson. Why should cops be any different?
Um, sure.

@_date: 2001-01-19 23:55:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: John Ashcroft 
References:  <20010119001825.E30501 <3A688FDC.DB7AE628
I agree with the below. But it is mistaken to treat civil asset
forfeiture as an issue marked by broad bipartisan condemnation.
Quite the opposite is true; hence, we still have it.

@_date: 2001-01-19 23:56:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What are you all about??? 
References: <3A6876F7.CC183C5C
Where's Tim's old .sig when we need it?

@_date: 2001-01-20 09:00:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <20010119235415.A10897
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <20010118111544.B23662
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <01011913525606.14779
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
Reno probably didn't expect the situation to, um, blow up in her face.
It is also undisputed that if they wanted to avoid a show of force, they could have nabbed Koresh during his jogs around the property line or whatnot in the morning. Reese, you blather too much.

@_date: 2001-01-20 18:53:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010120085942.00a6c3e0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119211322.00cbade0
 <20010119235415.A10897
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <20010118111544.B23662
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <01011913525606.14779
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
Pardon me if I don't pay terribly close attention to your deathless prose.
But I get paid by the word for mine, generally speaking.

@_date: 2001-01-21 02:11:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Photos from George W. Bush inaugural protests, high security 
So I covered President Bush's inauguration today, though from the streets instead of the bleachers. You can see the photos here:
On Thursday, I walked from the Capitol building to the White House via Pennsylvania Avenue and took some shots of the inaugural parade preparations:
Note the high security and planned police checkpoints earlier in the week:  On Thursday, when I was standing on a sidewalk in front of the federal courthouse on Pennsylvania Ave (of Monicagate and Microsoft trial fame), a deputy U.S. Marshal told me I could not take a photo of the courthouse. It was a wide-angle shot of the front, and no people or security preparations appared to be visible. Here's him walking back to his van, which appears to have -- from another photo -- U.S. Government plate 60163:
I covered the Microsoft trial in that courthouse, took photos of the exterior, and never had any problems from the marshals. Here's a photo I took from that same sidewalk last year when the atmosphere was much less Photos from even earlier in the week:
I've allowed the Independent Media Center to run my photos from Saturday; you can see some highlights here:
Here's one of the Capitol building setup that Wired News ran, though they apparently compressed the JPG image too much with hardly optimal results:

@_date: 2001-01-21 04:20:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References:  Sparring with Choate is about as useful as beating oneself with a
rubber baton, just far less rewarding.
I never said animals should be trained to fear an owner or any other
human; to say otherwise is simple Choatian exaggeration. But my "show
of force" point is perfectly reasonable, and I stand by it.
PS: I don't have pets. I travel too much. I had a fish once.

@_date: 2001-01-21 04:22:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50 <20010118111544.B23662 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50 <01011913525606.14779 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0 <20010119235415.A10897 <5.0.2.1.1.20010120083037.024d7f88
You're thinking too literally. Show of force: When an employer reminds
a slacker that having a job is not a right.

@_date: 2001-01-21 04:23:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: John Ashcroft 
References: ; <20010119001825.E30501 <3A68E4A2.10085.286A3F
So did Clinton.

@_date: 2001-01-21 04:26:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
References:  Quick tip: Anything that Choate recommends, avoid.
You could search on politechbot.com for "cypherpunk," I presume. Or

@_date: 2001-01-21 09:47:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
References: <20010121042256.B24468
 <5.0.2.1.1.20010120083037.024d7f88
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <20010118111544.B23662
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010118185429.038e5d50
 <01011913525606.14779
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010119160913.00c9cef0
 <20010119235415.A10897
 <5.0.2.1.1.20010120083037.024d7f88
It's called at-will employment: You keep your employer happy, you get your job. (I'm starting to think you're not only very educated, but not very educable. I'd love for you to prove me wrong; that would likely involve refraining from mouthing off.)

@_date: 2001-01-21 10:26:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
References:    <20010121042619.D24468 <4.3.2.7.2.20010121002454.00cc7470
Yawn. Some things are not worth my time, and editing Choatisms is one
of those. Flaming him is slightly more rewarding, but ranks as
pleasures about as high as watching George W. Bush be inaugurated:
It's more interesting for the reaction than the substance.
Similarly, if Reese is the best intellect that the cypherpunks list
offers nowadays, not only is that a damnable shame, but a strong
indicator that it's time to leave. Guess I'm starting to sound like Tim.

@_date: 2001-01-22 10:35:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
References:  All true, of course. It's even worse than that: The more a journalist
writes, the more he feels compelled to simplify conflicts and reporting
into what can be described in one short paragraph. Assignment editors
and copy editors generally encourage this trend, and let's face it:
We have a lot of smart people reading our stuff, but a lot of idiots
as well. Simplification sells -- and I'm not even talking about TV!
I find myself struggling against this, and occasionally have to make an
effort to unpack a sentence, to make it more descriptive.
All this is to say that I wouldn't spend too much time worrying about
that Salon article. Parts are true, but others are so simplified as to
be meaningless.

@_date: 2001-01-24 19:45:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft DNS back up. 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010124180823.00a90ad0
Yep, it's back up for me too. I noticed it at 7:33 pm ET.
I'm on the phone with MS right now getting the, sigh, runaround.

@_date: 2001-01-26 10:52:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DeCSS ruling in DVD case must be reversed, eight amicus briefs 
Eight different coalitions -- from cryptographers to journalist groups -- are filing amicus briefs in the DVD/DeCSS case. The briefs -- an unusually high number -- urge that the Second Circuit Court of Appeals overturn the district court's ruling of last August.
Wired News article on the briefs being filed today:
The journalist/media brief, which focuses on the right to link:
The computer scientists' brief (the only one filed earlier in the week):
Photos from trial, protests, anti-DMCA march:
Other briefs include one by the ACLU, one by the ACM, one by law professors, and one by Ernest Miller, Siva Vaidhyanathan et al. that says "to be governed by the District Court's version of the DMCA is to be stripped of the right to make the valuable fair uses of copyrighted materials upon which new contributions to the field are so often based."
Judge Lewis Kaplan's ruling last August:
EFF is funding 2600 magazine's defense and appeal. The appeal brief to the circuit court, filed last Friday, is here:
Brief of MPAA member companies is due February 19. Their amici must file a week later.
Some of the briefs, including ones I've perused, are still in draft form. EFF promises to have all of them online shortly. ACLU says their brief -- still in draft form -- will be up on their site by noon.

@_date: 2001-01-26 12:09:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft DNS back up. 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010124180823.00a90ad0 <3.0.5.32.20010124164723.01b4b9a0 <5.0.2.1.0.20010124194446.00a8d130
BTW in case y'all haven't seen this yet:

@_date: 2001-01-27 20:48:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Ashcroft's replies to questions about Carnivore, MS antitrust 
John Ashcroft has replied to written questions sent to him by members
of the Senate Judiciary committee, a procedure extended at the behest
of Democratic senators.
Below are his responses on technology-related questions. You can see
the complete Q&A at:
  In his response to a Carnivore question, Ashcroft seems not to know
that Carnivore is already in use. And, as EPIC's Marc Rotenberg points
out, Ashcroft did not pledge to work with outside experts on a
technical review of Carnivore.
                    QUESTIONS FROM SENATOR LEAHY
   Q. Do you believe that there is such a thing as constitutional right
   to privacy - not specifying if, for example, such a right includes the
   right to terminate a pregnancy - but, more broadly, is there a
   constitutionally protected right to privacy? If so, which provision of
   the Constitution is the source of that right to privacy?    A: I believe in the right to privacy. The Supreme Court has held that
   there is a constitutional right to privacy, that finds its genesis in
   the First, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth, and Fourteenth Amendments. I also
   believe that the Third Amendment embodies a constitutional right to
   privacy.
   Q. Are you satisfied with thrust of the current antitrust laws or do
   you intend to recommend that the new Administration review these laws
   with the intent of proposing some significant changes?    A: The basic structure of the antitrust laws has been in place for
   decades. Although there may be a need for targeted reform, I do not
   personally perceive a need for a comprehensive overall of the
   antitrust laws. Before providing any recommendations concerning any
   concrete proposal, I would certainly consult with the President, the
   Assistant Attorney General for Antitrust and Members of this
   Committee, as appropriate.
   Q. Last year, Congress passed a Sense of Congress resolution regarding
   post-conviction DNA testing and competent counsel. Specifically,
   Congress declared that it should condition forensic science-related
   grants to States on the States' agreement to ensure post-conviction
   DNA testing in appropriate cases. Congress also declared that it
   should work with the States to improve the quality of legal
   representation in capital cases through the establishment of
   standards. Do you agree with this bipartisan Sense of Congress
   resolution, and as Attorney General, would you work with me to ensure
   that post-conviction DNA testing and competent legal representation
   are available in all States?    A: I believe that there is no greater injustice than to execute an
   innocent person. The Sixth Amendment provides constitutional
   protections for the right to counsel for criminal defendants, a right
   that is particularly precious in capital cases. I will work with the
   President and the Congress to help ensure that no innocent person is
   executed in America and that capital defendants have access to DNA
   technology to confirm guilt or innocence.
   Q. During the campaign, President-elect Bush said: "Any time DNA
   evidence, in the context of all the evidence, is deemed to be relevant
   in the guilt or innocence of a person on Death Row, I believe we need
   to use it." Do you agree that DNA evidence should be available to
   death row inmates any time that it is deemed to be relevant to the
   issue of guilt or innocence? Would you agree that DNA evidence should
   also be available to other inmates, such as inmates serving life
   sentences?    A: I believe DNA evidence has great promise for making our criminal
   justice system fairer and more accurate, and would be happy to work
   with the President and the Congress to expand its availability to
   prosecutors and criminal defendants, especially in capital cases.
   Q. In June 1999, the Supreme Court issued two decisions in Florida
   Prepaid and College Savings Bank that effectively immunized the States
   from damages liability for violations of intellectual property rights.
   Would you support my legislative effort to restore effective federal
   protection for intellectual property as against the States, in a
   manner that avoids any conflict with the Constitution as interpreted
   by the U.S. Supreme Court?    A: Although I have not studied this issue closely, any resolution of it
   must involve a delicate balancing of the needs to protect intellectual
   property with the constitutional mandate of federalism. I look forward
   to working with the Committee to assist in ensuring that intellectual
   property is fully protected in the modern age, in a manner consistent
   with the U.S. Constitution.
   Q. You are a strong advocate of the Tenth Amendment as protecting
   liberty by preserving States' rights against the Federal Government.
   The Ninth Amendment also protects liberty, by preserving individual
   rights against the Government. What is your understanding of the Ninth
   Amendment?    A: There have been few opinions of the Supreme Court interpreting the
   Ninth Amendment, but its plain text adverts to the "rights . . .
   retained by the people." I believe it is incumbent upon the Department
   of Justice to enforce the law and protect the constitutional rights of
   all Americans.
   Q. The Justice Department provides agency-wide guidance on
   implementing the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Janet Reno made
   significant reforms in implementing this Act by calling upon agencies
   to exercise discretion where possible and to grant requests unless
   disclosure would cause actual harm and by making FOIA implementation
   part of every employee's job performance evaluation. Would you (a)
   consider FOIA enforcement an important part of an Attorney General's
   responsibilities; (b) ensure that FOIA activities get adequate budget
   allocation at Justice and encourage adequate funds for enforcement of
   FOIA at other agencies; (c) support and personally endorse
   government-wide training in FOIA responsibilities; and (d) advocate
   sanctions against government employees who deliberately withhold
   records from FOIA processing?    A: Appropriate public access to governmental records is an important
   check on arbitrary government action. If I am fortunate enough to be
   confirmed as Attorney General, I will fully and faithfully enforce the
   Freedom of Information Act and ensure that the Department of Justice
   does the same.
   Q. In September 1998, when you chaired a subcommittee hearing on the
   intent of the Second Amendment, you stated: "I believe it is time that
   we once again recognize the Second Amendment for what it is. It is a
   protection of individual liberty." Given your view of the Second
   Amendment, do you believe that all gun control laws are
   unconstitutional? As Attorney General, would you urge the Supreme
   Court to accept your interpretation of the Second Amendment?    A: I do not believe that the Second Amendment prohibits common-sense gun
   control measures, and if confirmed, as Attorney General I will
   vigorously defend federal gun control statutes passed by Congress
   whenever there is a good-faith and conscientious basis for doing so.
                        QUESTIONS FROM SENATOR KOHL
   ANTITRUST - MCI WORLDCOM/SPRINT
   Q. A little more than a year ago, the Judiciary Committee held a
   hearing on the competitive implications of the then-pending merger
   between MCI WorldCom and Sprint, a merger which was ultimately
   abandoned when the Justice Department opposed it. The merger would
   have combined the second and third largest long distance phone
   companies and would have resulted in two companies capturing nearly 80
   percent of the long distance market. Despite these large market
   shares, you said that "I am strongly inclined to support the proposed
   merger."    While you acknowledged that the competitive implications of the merger
   needed to be examined, they were secondary to "my largest concern" -
   "the jobs of the hard working and talented people of the State of
   Missouri." Finally, you argued that in examining this merger, "the
   current landscape is not the landscape to be considered - instead it
   should be analyzed based on the possible future of the marketplace."    Are your statements at the MCI WorldCom/Sprint merger hearings
   indicative of the approach you believe the Justice Department's
   Antitrust Division should take when reviewing mergers? Under the
   Department's Merger Guidelines, the competitive implications of the
   proposed merger are paramount and the merger is analyzed with regard
   to the current state of the marketplace. Would you make any changes to
   the Antitrust Division's standards for reviewing mergers such as
   paying more attention to factors other than the merger's likely
   effects on competition?    Do you think the Justice Department was mistaken to oppose the now
   abandoned MCI WorldCom/Sprint merger? If yes, why? Should we be
   worried when a merger leads to such high concentration as this one -
   which would have resulted in two companies controlling nearly 80% of
   the market - could lead to higher prices for consumers?    A: In the area of antitrust enforcement, the competitive implications of
   any proposed merger are of paramount importance. Thus, I would
   approach any proposed merger with an eye towards ensuring open
   competition in the marketplace. I would be open to considering
   modifications to the Antitrust Division's standards for reviewing
   mergers, but would do so in consultation with the antitrust experts in
   the Department of Justice. With respect to the MCI WorldCom/Sprint
   merger in particular, I believe it would be imprudent to comment on
   the specifics of this transaction, or any transaction, without the
   benefit of the full knowledge of the Antitrust Division.
   ANTITRUST - SHERMAN ACT
   Q. The fundamental antitrust law - the Sherman Act - was enacted more
   than a hundred years ago. For more than a century, it has protected
   the principles we hold most important - competition, consumer choice,
   fairness, and equality.    The antitrust laws are significant because they ensure that
   competition among businesses of any size will be fair and that
   consumers will pay low prices for all sorts of goods and services. And
   these laws have a proud tradition of being supported in a non-partisan
   manner - they've been vigorously enforced over the years by both
   Republicans and Democrats.    What role do you think antitrust laws have had in shaping our economy
   and preserving competition?    How should we use antitrust laws to protect against consolidation of
   economic power - to make sure that consumers aren't charged high
   prices by large companies that have swallowed up their competition?    A: The antitrust laws have been a vital part of ensuring a free and open
   marketplace in this country and, in my view, should continue to serve
   this role. By ensuring that any proposed merger promotes competition,
   and that an undue consolidation of monopolistic power does not accrue
   in the hands of a single business entity, I would help ensure the
   existence of free and open markets. This, in turn, would help ensure
   that consumers are not charged prices above free market levels.
   ANTITRUST - ENFORCEMENT
   Q. In the last few years, the Antitrust Division has been very active
   in antitrust enforcement, bringing prominent cases, such as the
   Microsoft case, and challenging many large mergers, such as MCI
   WorldCom/Sprint and Lockheed Martin/Northrup Grumman, to name a few.    How would you evaluate the performance of the Justice Department in
   dealing with the MCI WorldCom/Sprint merger and the Lockheed
   Martin/Northrup Grumman merger? Do you believe that the Antitrust
   Division has been appropriately enforcing our nation's antitrust laws?
   Is there any change in approach or philosophy of antitrust enforcement
   we can expect should you be confirmed as Attorney General?    A: I believe that it would be imprudent to comment on how the Justice
   Department has dealt with the MCI WorldCom/Sprint and the Lockheed
   Martin/Northrup mergers in particular, as I have not had the benefit
   of the Antitrust Division's full learning on these matters. For the
   same reason, it would be imprudent for me to comment upon the
   Antitrust Division's enforcement of the antitrust laws in any
   particular cases. With respect to the philosophy of antitrust
   enforcement that I would follow should I be confirmed as Attorney
   General, I can assure you that I will fully enforce the antitrust laws
   to help ensure free and open competition in the marketplace.
   ANTITRUST - FUTURE OF THE ANTITRUST LAWS
   Q. Some have argued that our nation's antitrust laws, many written
   over a hundred years ago, are outmoded and need to be updated before
   they can be applied to today's high-tech industries. Others believe
   that the antitrust laws apply equally well to modern economic problems
   and high-tech industries as they did to problems of economic
   concentration in the railroad, oil and other industries when they were
   first written.    What is your view? Do you think our antitrust laws are outmoded and in
   need of revision?    A: The antitrust laws have proven to be flexible enough to adopt to many
   new situations. That being said, one should always be open to the
   possibility that improvements could be made, particularly where
   fundamental economic shifts have occurred. If confirmed as Attorney
   General, I will seek the advice of experts in this field, including
   those in the Antitrust Division, before making any determination as to
   whether are antitrust laws are in need of any revision.
   ANTITRUST - EUROPEAN REVIEW
   PRIVACY
   Q. Last year on the Judiciary Committee, we explored the FBI's
   "Carnivore" system - an e-mail surveillance program designed to track
   and monitor a suspect's online communications. This is a powerful law
   enforcement tool - perhaps too powerful - and we must be sure that it
   is not misused. If, as we are now learning, "Carnivore" is able to
   capture all e-mail traffic channeled through an Internet Service
   Provider (ISP), then the fear of innocent civilians being subject to
   search without cause is justified. Such a "fishing expedition"
   wouldn't be right.    How important do you think it is that we protect the privacy rights of
   civilians, and how serious a threat to privacy would "Carnivore" be if
   it's misused or inadvertently "captures" information other than the
   suspect's?    A: The Internet has obviously grown to be a vibrant part of our modern
   economy. It is the Justice Department's responsibility to ensure that
   those who conduct research or business on line can do so in a safe,
   secure environment. At the same time, however, we must take care that
   the government does not become too heavy handed in its online law
   enforcement activities in order to protect the privacy rights of
   law-abiding citizens. As you know, when I was in the Senate, I
   convened hearings on the importance of respecting privacy rights in
   the digital age. If confirmed, I will conduct a thorough review of
   Carnivore and its technical capabilities, and work closely with law
   enforcement to ensure that adequate measures are taken to secure
   personal privacy before the program is deployed. I would look forward
   to working with you to ensure that a proper balance is struck in this
   respect.
                      QUESTIONS FROM SENATOR FEINGOLD
   Q. The FBI, in increasing isolation from the rest of the nation's law
   enforcement agencies, refuses to make electronic recordings of
   interrogations that produce confessions. Do you agree that this
   practice makes subsequent scrutiny of the legality and reliability of
   such interrogations more difficult?    I have not reviewed the details of this specific FBI policy, and would
   need to consult with the professionals at the FBI before making an
   assessment. I assure you that I will take all reasonable steps to help
   ensure that all criminal defendants receive the full protection of Due
   Process.
   Q. Do you have any objection to changing this practice?    I have an open mind on this issue. Not yet having had the opportunity
   to conduct a full and fair review of the policy, I cannot currently
   make a reasonable assessment.
Complete Q&A at:

@_date: 2001-01-28 11:56:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Whois Database Hacked for Microsoft.com 
References: <200101280058.QAA26194
Yes, this continued lack of clue is annoying. I get people
"pointing" this out to me even though I explained it in an article.

@_date: 2001-01-28 11:57:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More info about FBI's bug of mafios keyboard? 
References: <20010128143400.5342.qmail
See documents on cluebot.com.

@_date: 2001-01-28 12:07:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What Powell and Ashcroft think of crypto and Carnivore 
Here's something on where Powell stands on crypto export regs,
and what Reno thought of them during her farewell press conference:
Also, John Ashcroft has replied to written questions sent to him by
members of the Senate Judiciary committee.
His responses to technology-related questions including Carnivore:
The complete Q&A:

@_date: 2001-01-28 12:22:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: questions (fwd) 
References:  It's bad enough when spammers find our list, but when list members
aid and abet spammers, we've reached a disturbing new low.
Clearly some people need k------.

@_date: 2001-01-28 23:12:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft's replies to questions about Carnivore, MS antitrust 
References: <20010128122743.A28983 <5.0.2.1.0.20010128121539.00a6af78
Yes, and no. I agree that tactically, he is being smart. Almost too smart:
His lapses of memory, if you read the full Q&A, are both frequent
and useful.
But what's good politics is not necessarily what's right, as is true
in this case. If the nation's top l.e. officer is asked about what
rights Americans should have under the law, I don't expect him
to hedge or quibble or made nice-nice noises to please the Democrats.

@_date: 2001-01-29 10:47:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft's replies to questions about Carnivore, MS antitrust 
References: <20010128231237.A1962 Again, I seem to be unclear in my use of language, or I'm being
I expect someone who wants to be the top le official to act with dignity.
I predict, however, they will not.

@_date: 2001-01-30 19:27:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: hi 
References:  <00c401c08ae7$3fcf1bb0$0100a8c0 <20010130140126.A31759
My uptime on my Linux server is 112 days, and that's just because I
had to install memory. My uptime on my Windows 98 laptop is about 1
My previous Windows laptop was even worse. My previous Unix box
was the same.

@_date: 2001-01-30 19:29:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Absolutely not a joke. 
References: <00c401c08ae7$3fcf1bb0$0100a8c0 Everything else is true, but I'm not sure about the above.
You're talking about the NSA key, I assume.

@_date: 2001-01-30 20:58:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Absolutely not a joke. 
References: <20010130192918.B31267
Yes, I remember all that. And I'm as paranoid as anyone.
But this once, the official MS/NSA explanation may be correct: That it's related to export approval, and does not in any way work as you describe.

@_date: 2001-07-01 16:04:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Banned Research and Raids on "Secret Labs" 
on Sun, Jul 01, 2001 at 10:00:55AM -0700
References: Also see this editorial:
 THOUGH
STILL publicly wavering on whether to support funding for stem cell
research, the Bush administration has begun wading into the tangle of
issues that accompany the new reproductive technologies. A health
official testifying before Congress last month signaled the
administration's support for a bill to ban all human cloning. [...]

@_date: 2001-07-01 23:34:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Banned Research and Raids on "Secret Labs" 
Sun, Jul 01, 2001 at 04:04:22PM -0400
References:   <20010701160422.A4441
And a conservative view:
For a Total Ban on Human Cloning Jun. 26, 2001 04:21 ET

@_date: 2001-07-01 23:36:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - NOW elects new president - July 1, 2001 
References: <3B3F4A1D.B32DE0B3
Now this is highly cypherpunk-relevant.
I hear the National Association of Truckers is electing a new
chief comptroller. Perhaps Choate will be so kind as to oblige us
with a link.

@_date: 2001-07-02 10:12:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Banned Research and Raids on "Secret Labs" 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010701210046.008cdb00 Why not do a search?

@_date: 2001-07-02 10:13:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Choate is a boob 
George on Mon, Jul 02, 2001 at 01:43:53AM -0400
References: <200107020543.BAA06235
This Subject: line is a trifle redundant.

@_date: 2001-07-02 22:49:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: More on Feds, Raelian cloning lab, and trying to 
References: <3B40D295.6090401
I encourage folks on this mini-discussion thread to copy cypherpunks at cyberpass.net. I'm taking the liberty of adding it since by copying politech, Nat seemed to intend his message for general distribution.

@_date: 2001-07-02 22:52:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
George on Mon, Jul 02, 2001 at 09:26:12PM -0400
References: <200107030126.VAA23573
Got a cite? Sounds amusing.

@_date: 2001-07-03 18:13:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Using GPS To Catch Speeders Found Illegal 
References:  Huh? This is Choatian nonsense. If the speed limits were 85 mph and a rental car company decided it
only wanted drivers to go 65 mph, they could put this in their contract
and enforce if, if they so choose.
If they misjudge and drivers really, really want to go 85 mph, they
will lose business. Such are the gusting winds of the market.
You may reasonably say that private companies should not be the enforcement arms of the state, but they should be allowed to make their
own decisions when voluntarily choosing to do so.
PS: Of more cypherpunk relevance, perhaps, is the greater role that insurance companies would play in the absence of government speed
limits. You may have to pay more in insurance to drive faster, for instance.

@_date: 2001-07-03 18:19:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Side effect of allowing car agencies to fine for speed violations 
References: Well, yes, but only for violations of your own contract with yourself.

@_date: 2001-07-04 12:59:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Another problem with 'automated enforcement' 
References: How do you call a radar gun or a 7-11 video camera or a fingerprint
matching computer or an EZ-Pass that says someone was speeding?
Answer: You don't. You call the technician who runs the device, or the
person who developed the device, and try to establish that the facts
are true. Defense can challenge, but don't be surprised if they're

@_date: 2001-07-04 14:53:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: FBI is investigating an alleged "Black Bloc" threat sent to 
The FBI is investigating an alleged threat against the Cato Institute, the world's leading free-market think tank, sent to Politech.
Chuck0  sent a message to Politech that I forwarded -- as part of an ongoing discussion about privacy and globalization -- on Monday:
The message said: "Cato's little insult of the black bloc means that we'll be paying Cato HQ a visit this coming September. People who work in glass buildings shouldn't throw the first rhetorical stones."
The Cato Institute was reportedly vandalized in January during the Bush inauguration protests. ( It is a prominent building with a huge glass atrium at 10th and Mass. Ave. in downtown Washington.
The insult directed at the Black Bloc appeared in an article written by Aaron Lukas, an analyst at the Cato Institute's Center for Trade Policy Studies. It was published in the National Review and I reposted it to Politech with Aaron's permission. Aaron wrote that "vandalism, violence, and harassment are acceptable behavior for the Black Blockheads and Ruckus-Societarians of the world." (
The Black Bloc is difficult to define, but it has been described as a revolutionary anti-capitalist action group, and also as a collective of black-masked anarchists who are the "special forces" of the movement. A Washington, DC "Anarchist Neighborhood" site ( that lists Chuck0 as a contact says World Bank/IMF protests are scheduled for the city in September.
FBI Agent Dave Dawson in the agency's headquarters is investigating Chuck0's message sent to Politech.
Politech is a journalistic enterprise protected by the First Amendment, and I generally treat email sent to me in confidence, as a news organization would treat a confidential source. When someone sends me mail and indicates they would like it redistributed to the list -- typically done by emailing both declan at well.com and the politech at politechbot.com list address, as Chuck0 did -- the relationship is akin to someone writing a letter to the editor of a newspaper and asking that it be published.
While I do not countenance attacks on property, responsible journalists don't like to chat with law enforcement about people who talk to them or send letters to the editor. It makes their readers less likely to trust their independence in the future.
I have not yet spoken with Agent Dawson. If we speak, my response will be:
1. I will not reveal information about Politech subscribers. Politech's privacy policy ( says: "We do not sell or rent information you provide us. We intend to challenge any subpoena or other legal process seeking access to the limited information we do store."
2. I will not reveal any other information I may or may not possess (such as complete headers of email messages or other correspondence that may or may not exist between me and Chuck0 or anyone else on this topic).
3. I will describe in general terms, such as I would at a speaking engagement, in an article or in conversation with a colleague, what Politech is and how long I have been editing it.
Editor, Politech
This message will be archived at:

@_date: 2001-07-04 18:56:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Forbidden Knowledge (Banned Research, Part II) 
References: Well put. See a bill in Congress to do just that:

@_date: 2001-07-04 22:11:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Using GPS To Catch Speeders Found Illegal 
References: <20010703181330.A27644 1. Notify renters you're going to GPS track the car to catch speeders
2. GPS track the car to catch speeders
3. Fine speeders
4. Tell them you've fined them
Perfectly ethical, though probably bad business practice.

@_date: 2001-07-05 02:16:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Using GPS To Catch Speeders Found Illegal 
References: <20010704221121.A6210 Then you'd risk spurious lawsuits from someone who can't accelerate
to get out of an accident situation, and you'd also lose the source of
income you might get from all these speeding tickets you as the
renter would levy.
This is just insane.

@_date: 2001-07-05 02:22:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Libertarian Approach to Contracts (eg GPS Speed Regulation) 
References:  <20010705000452.B29281
The clarity of Riad's message above is a welcome reprive from the
Choatian posts elsewhere in this thread.
It is true that companies may offer us contracts we don't like. It is
true that sometimes consumers will in fact have "little choice"
(though in a modern society where starvation is not the norm, they'll
always have some choice) when there's only one rental car firm in
town, for instance. But if they dislike the policies of that rental
car company to the extent they are willing to pay $100 for a cab to
the next city, they can vote with their pocketbook.
This may be an annoying situation on occasion, but nobody said
capitalism was perfect -- just that it's better than statism.

@_date: 2001-07-05 10:32:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? 
References:  Speaking of which, this is happening today:
PRESS RELEASES The Bureau of Justice Statistics will issue a release
(embargoed until Sunday) regarding HIV infection among prison
inmates. (Miller)

@_date: 2001-07-05 11:22:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ohio man convicted for "obscene" stories in his private journal 
[A followup to a cpunx thread, and a link to the statute.]

@_date: 2001-07-05 11:57:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Forbidden Knowledge (Banned Research, Part II) 
from bear on Thu, Jul 05, 2001 at 08:23:02AM -0700
References:  At least not yet. If it's illegal (under Goodlatte's bill) to distribute
spam code, why not arguably more destructive viral code? After all, this
congressional session is still young and there's plenty of time for them
to get inventive.

@_date: 2001-07-05 13:48:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
06:36:38PM +0200
References: I sent a freelance reporter to a conference and edited her story
that described NSA-funded research designed to do gait recognition,
recognizing someone by the way they walk.
See the Wired archives.

@_date: 2001-07-05 15:28:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan misses the mark on ecash 
References: <20010614190021.32578.qmail <20010614153303.D4202 <20010705144907.A7219
Anonymous comments like the ones I dismissed can be dismissed easily
I never said the approach was "clearly covered," but I suspect it
is probably covered. If you can point me to authority to the contrary,
I would be delighted to read it. I suspect you can't.

@_date: 2001-07-05 18:29:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? 
from sandfort on Thu, Jul 05, 2001 at 01:30:06PM -0700
References:  I haven't followed this discussion closely, and I am sympathetic to
the position that far too many non-violent activities are crimes. But if someone is a violent offender, I don't see why we should be concerned
at all with their "suffering" in prison.
We can argue about mandatory minimums, rehabilitation, and whether
violent crimes should be state or federal offenses, but my instinct is
to say I'd far rather see violent criminals behind bars than on parole. Or am I just going collectivist-conservative in my advancing old age?

@_date: 2001-07-05 20:19:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Liberal groups organize Congressional "Net-accountability" 
7/10 State of the Net Forum : "Toward a Framework for Internet Accountability"
Â·       Date: Thu, 5 Jul 2001 14:28:14 -0400
Â·       To: update at cdt.org
Â·       Subject: 7/10 State of the Net Forum : "Toward a Framework for Internet Accountability"
Â·       From: ari at cdt.org
You are cordially invited to a luncheon discussion "Toward a Framework for
Internet Accountability", Tuesday, July 10 beginning at 12:00 noon. This
event, hosted by the Internet Education Foundation (IEF), will explore the
Markle Foundation's new study, "Toward a Framework for Internet
\Accountability." The study, to be released Tuesday morning, finds that at a
time of intense debate over key Internet policy Americans are enthusiastic
about the Internet, but that they are eager to have new forms of public,
private, and non-profit governance of the Internet in order to give them
more protection and control when they go online.
WHAT: "Toward a Framework for Internet Accountability",
IEF State of the Net Series
WHO: Zoe Baird, Markle Foundation
Stan Greenberg, Greenberg, Quinlan, and Rosner Research
with appearances by Leaders of the Internet Caucus
WHERE:  Reserve Officers Association
One Constitution Ave, NE, Across from Dirksen
Senate Office Building
WHEN:  Tuesday, July 10, from 12 NOON to 1:30 pm (Lunch
RSVP:  If planning to attend RSVP at neted.org or via phone to
Danielle 202-638-4370.
About the State of the Net Series
"Toward a Framework for Internet Accountability" is the second in a series
of discussions on the "State of the Net" hosted by IEF. The "State of the
Net" project seeks to examine the policy and governance framework  needed to
assure that the Internet reaches its fullest commercial, communications and
democratic potential. IEF believes that an assessment of the "State of the
Net" is long overdue. The goal of the project is to take a "snapshot" of
where we are in the development of the Internet. This snapshot will serve as
a benchmark for measuring progress ? or lack thereof - in Internet policy.
More information about "The State of the Net" project can be found at
About the Markle Foundation
The Markle Foundation works to realize the potential of emerging
communications media and information technology to improve people's lives
and recently unveiled a new program focus and $100 million commitment to do
so. The foundation's work is focused in three primary areas: Policy for a
Networked Society, Interactive Media for Children, and Information
Technologies for Better Health.
Markle pursues its goals through a range of activities including analysis,
research, public information and the development of innovative media
products and services.  The foundation creates and operates many of its own
projects-using not only grants but also investments and strategic alliances
with non-profits and businesses.  More information on the Markle Foundation
can be found at About the Internet Education Foundation
The Internet Education Foundation (IEF) is a 501(c)(3)
non-profit organization dedicated to educating the public
and policymakers about the potential of a decentralized
global Internet to promote democracy, communications, and
commerce. Since its founding in 1997, IEF has worked on many
educational projects including the Congressional Internet
Caucus Advisory Committee. IEF contributes the staffing,
coordination, and funding for the Internet Caucus Advisory
Committee administration, Web sites, publications and
events.  IEF also developed and hosts the GetNetWise child
online safety campaign to help assure that children have
safe and rewarding experiences online.  IEF is located at

@_date: 2001-07-05 20:22:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
on Thu, Jul 05, 2001 at 07:08:27PM -0400
References:   <20010705190827.B31247
Ah, I found the article:
September 15, 2000

@_date: 2001-07-06 10:08:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feds give $30 million to states to create special "drug courts" 
Next up: "software piracy courts"
COMMUNITIES NATIONWIDE RECEIVE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FUNDS FOR DRUG COURTS
Â·       Date: Fri, 6 Jul 2001 10:00:09 -0400
Â·       Subject: COMMUNITIES NATIONWIDE RECEIVE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FUNDS FOR DRUG COURTS
Â·       From: "Biber, Kathryn"
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE-AG
FRIDAY, JULY 6, 2001
(202) 616-2777
COMMUNITIES NATIONWIDE RECEIVE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
FUNDS FOR DRUG COURTS
         WASHINGTON, DC - Attorney General John Ashcroft announced today, $30.9 million to plan, establish, or improve drug courts for nonviolent offenders with drug problems. Eighty-nine jurisdictions in 38 states and territories will receive grants. (See attachment)
         The announcement comes at the request of President Bush, who pledged in May to increase funding to fight drug addiction through several programs, including drug courts.
         "Drug courts help communities by managing offenders' behavior and breaking the cycle of drug addiction and crime," said Attorney General Ashcroft.  "Drug court judges are actively involved in holding substance-abusing offenders accountable while helping to rehabilitate them and reduce recidivism."
         Fifty-five jurisdictions will receive grants ranging from $166,000 up to $500,000 to implement new drug courts.  Twenty courts will receive grants ranging from $31,222 up to $300,000 to enhance their existing programs or to support statewide drug court activity.  Another 14 tribal jurisdictions will receive up to $30,000 to plan drug courts.
         Since 1995, the Justice Department's Drug Courts Program Office (DCPO) has made approximately 650 grants totaling more than $125 million.  Nearly 700 drug courts are operating in the United States and more than 430 are being planned.  All 50 states have drug courts in operation or in the planning stages.  Thirty-two states have passed legislation supporting drug courts and six more are introducing legislation.  The drug court concept has also expanded to juvenile and family drug courts, DUI/DWI and tribal courts.
                 According to the Drug Court Clearinghouse at American University, more than 73,000 adults and 1,500 teens have graduated from drug court programs.  Recidivism rates continue to drop for graduates, with rates reported by drug courts ranging from 2 to 20 percent.  Also, in Portland, Oregon, it was found that for every $1 spent on a drug court, $2.50 is saved in standard criminal justice system costs, and when estimating broader cost savings, such as victimization and theft costs, $10 is saved.
         In addition to awarding grant funding, DCPO provides training on planning adult,
juvenile or family drug courts.  In FY 2001, DCPO expanded its training programs by nearly 300 percent to train more than 200 communities.  From 1995 through 2000, 446 communities received planning support and have completed the training programs.  Of these communities, 76 percent have implemented a drug court.  DCPO expects to provide training to about 150 communities in FY 2002.
         Drug court participants must take frequent drug tests and meet regularly with their judges.  Drug court judges monitor offenders' treatment regimens and impose graduated sanctions, including incarceration, on those who do not comply.  Participants are expected to stay in treatment and may be ordered to participate in educational, vocational or community service activities.  Offenders who graduate from drug court programs may have their charges dismissed or sentences reduced.
         About $50 million is available for drug courts in FY 2001.  The President has requested $50 million for drug courts in FY 2002.
         More than 240 jurisdictions applied for funding this year: 129 were for first-time courts and 99 for enhancements.  A list of grantees, contacts and the award amounts is attached.  In addition, summaries are available describing how each grantee receiving an implementation or enhancement grant will use the funds.
         Additional information about the drug court program is available on the Drug Court Program Office's Website at  or by calling the Drug Court Clearinghouse on 202/885-2875.  The Clearinghouse's Website is

@_date: 2001-07-06 10:12:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Feds' "safe harbor" site displayed private info about U.S. firms 
'Secure' U.S. Site Wasn't Very
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. July 6, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- A U.S. government website devoted to helping businesses
   keep sensitive information private instead revealed confidential
   information about American firms.
   A Commerce Department privacy website exposed proprietary information
   -- such as revenue, number of employees, and the European countries
   with which the firm does business -- that U.S. companies provided to
   the government in strict confidence.
   This information has been publicly accessible since the site went
   online last year.
   Casual visitors even could modify information stored in the agency's
   database, permitting anyone to delete, for instance, Microsoft, Intel,
   or Procter & Gamble from a government-certified list of companies that
   can freely exchange information with European firms.
   In response to queries from Wired News, the Commerce Department
   plugged the security hole at 5 p.m. EDT on Wednesday. "We are aware of
   the concerns, and are taking all necessary steps to identify and
   resolve the issue," a department official said.
   The irony of gaping security holes in a Commerce Department "Safe
   Harbor" site established to aid U.S. firms in offering adequate
   privacy protection wasn't lost on some privacy advocates.
   "If the government can't control its own information, why is it asking
   the private sector to do any better?" says Jim Harper, editor of
   Privacilla.org. "When it comes to information management, government
   is the gang that couldn't shoot straight."
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-06 10:33:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: DigiGold sues software developer to keep currency servers online 
Nothing That Glitters Is DigiGold
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. July 6, 2001 PDT
   Hurt feelings, financial disputes and bizarre sexual allegations have
   led to a legal tiff between a high-profile digital currency firm and
   its software developer.
   After the once-friendly relationship between DigiGold and Systemics
   soured this spring, DigiGold sued the software company in an attempt
   to keep its servers online. Systemics' computers, which maintain
   DigiGold's customer accounts, are located on the West Indies island of
   Anguilla.
   Systemics' Ian Grigg claims he wants to pull the plug on the server
   since DigiGold has paid only $370,000 of the $500,000 it owed him
   under a 1999 contract.
   But DigiGold says it was willing to pay the remaining cash, according
   to court documents that describe how a close personal relationship
   between Grigg and DigiGold investor Douglas Jackson led to the
   creation of Systemics, the invention of a remarkable digital currency,
   a spate of personnel disputes and an eventual estrangement.
   Making an odd situation even more unusual are allegations involving
   one of Jackson's business development employees, Wajiha Khan, who's
   described in internal e-mail messages as "a person who would use her
   physical attractiveness as a tool for manipulation of men." According
   to e-mail written by Grigg, another employee "was well and thoroughly
   seduced by Wajiha and her attractive younger sister."
   In response to DigiGold's lawsuit, a judge in Anguilla prohibited
   Grigg "from terminating support for the DigiGold project or from
   taking the server offline," according to documents provided by
   Systemics. On June 19, Judge Hariprashad Charles lifted her injunction,
   and the dispute currently is in arbitration.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-08 11:47:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
a3495 on Fri, Jul 06, 2001 at 04:52:36PM -0400
References: <1f3238b915617301adca843878b40548
Perhaps some Black Block types and other Seattlish protesters do have
such gear and training, but the ones I've run across
( do not.
Besides, the police will always have more resources and will probably
be able to stop you from legally possessing the cooler gear you really
need (

@_date: 2001-07-08 11:53:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit cracks 
George on Sun, Jul 08, 2001 at 03:32:55AM -0400
References: <200107080732.DAA14133
The sooner this is over with the better. There's been a camera truck
parked a few doors down from my place in Adams Morgan for the last
week. It has a telescoping roof-mounted camera that seems to be able
to stretch up to about 60 feet, all the better to get a photo of
Condit as he's fondling the next intern in his Adams Morgan pad.

@_date: 2001-07-08 14:08:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit cracks 
jya on Sun, Jul 08, 2001 at 12:30:37PM -0700
References: <200107080732.DAA14133
  <200107080732.DAA14133
  <20010708115339.C2140
  <200107081631.MAA04453
Okay, okay. I haven't been out yet today but will take my digital camera
and see if I can photonab that blasted van.

@_date: 2001-07-08 19:58:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit cracks 
Sun, Jul 08, 2001 at 02:08:26PM -0400
References: <200107080732.DAA14133
  <200107080732.DAA14133
  <20010708115339.C2140
  <200107081631.MAA04453
  <20010708140826.A1123
The truck:
The apartment and media stakeout:
The media stakeout is both pathetic and hysterical: Condit has not
been spotted within miles of his apartment in the last few weeks but
they're outside anyway. I chatted with a New York Post photog who was
philosophical when challenged by some passers-by -- he was getting
paid by the hour, he said, and didn't mind the wait.
Other residents of the apartment building are starting to take
offense; around noon today one started screaming at and physically
threatened some of the reporters, who are now clustered in clumps for

@_date: 2001-07-09 13:40:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: U.N. security investigating irate email from U.S. gun owners 
Summary: Fewer than 100 angry email messages from American gun owners led U.N. conference organizers to turn over the correspondence to U.N. internal security forces. The U.N. gun-summit began today, and -- see below -- includes proposals for a global gun database, tracking of firearms, complaints about encryption and so on. What's interesting is that even this limited outcry was enough to prompt U.N. officials to make the appropriate "we're not trying to limit private ownership of guns," apparently backtracking from previous positions.
Statement on U.N. meeting from Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms:
To see what kind of reaction the U.N. conference has provoked:
United Nations opens gun conference
The United Nations opens a special session in New York focusing on the international market for small arms. The UN has already angered proponents of freedom with proposals to limit or prohibit private ownership of small arms. (07/09/01)
UN investigating email from gun owners as 'threat'
The United Nations is investigating whether irate letters and email from American gun enthusiasts protesting an upcoming conference on illicit trade in small arms constitute a security threat. The body has received about 100 complaints from Americans "who erroneously believe the conference seeks to infringe on their right to bear arms," said a U.N. spokesman. (07/05/01)

@_date: 2001-07-09 13:47:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TV as an indicator... 
from bear on Mon, Jul 09, 2001 at 09:20:32AM -0700
References: I remember seeing the Nazi agitprop films during anthropology classes
in college. I'm not saying that modern TV is particularly splendid.
But at the producers are capitalists trying to maximize ratings (and
sex and insults may do that), not murderous government officials
trying to justify mass extinction.

@_date: 2001-07-09 22:04:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit's false testimony to cops 
References: <3B4A3CD0.2F6B1033 Right. It was former AG Thornburgh who noted on a talk show yesterday
that the cops still hadn't searched the 'critter's home (see mccullagh.org
for photos, natch). Standard procedure in any other investigation,
he said.

@_date: 2001-07-09 22:07:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit's false testimony to cops 
on Mon, Jul 09, 2001 at 06:37:02PM -0700
References: <3B4A3CD0.2F6B1033
Then again, there's always obstruction of justice, a catch-all Bellsian
offense. See:
  Feds Explore Condit Obstruction Allegation
Heh. If I were especially conspiratorial, I'd mention that White House
intern who was murdered at a Georgetown Starbucks. Ah, here's a cite:

@_date: 2001-07-10 09:50:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
HOUSE GOVERNMENT REFORM COMMITTEE Biological Weapons National Security, Veterans Affairs and International Relations Subcommittee oversight hearing on "Biological Weapons Convention Protocol: Status and Implications." (Previously scheduled for July 9.) Witnesses: Ambassador Donald Mahley, special negotiator, Chemical and Biological Arms Control, State Department; Ambassador Tibor Toth, chairman, Ad Hoc Group of the States Parties to the Biological Weapons Convention Location: 2154 Rayburn House Office Building. 2 p.m. Contact: 202-225-5074

@_date: 2001-07-10 09:51:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: more biochemwomdterror in dc 
HEALTH National Governor's Assn. and the National Emergency Management Assn. Executive-level policy summit on the challenges and decisionmaking difficulties confronted in detecting and identifying a public health emergency of a bioterrorism nature, July 10-11 Highlights: 8:30 a.m. - Opening Remarks and Overview of Agenda 9:15 a.m. - Attorney General John Ashcroft, "Justice Department Partnership with the States" 11:45 a.m. - Introduction of the Tabletop Bioterrorism Exercise Location: Omni Shoreham Hotel, 2500 Calvert St., NW. Contact: Valid media credentials required; Christine LaPaille or Catherine Sebold, 202-624-5334 **REVISED**

@_date: 2001-07-10 11:00:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit's false testimony to cops 
George on Tue, Jul 10, 2001 at 04:30:28AM -0400
References: <200107100830.EAA06510
Yeah, but they're going to have to be careful. Condit is a Dem,
and so was Clinton, and there are some succulent parallels.
But we haven't heard trash-talking about the Dems from the Repubs
for two reasons:
1. Look at Hyde, Gingrich, Burton. If extramarital affairs were crimes,
the GOP would be equally felonious.
2. Condit is a conservative Dem who often votes with the GOP. One of
my highly placed GOP sources sent me a Condit joke yesterday with this
attachment: "All I know of Condit personally is his voting record,
which I like, so this is meant as non-partisan black humor."

@_date: 2001-07-10 15:37:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
a3495 on Tue, Jul 10, 2001 at 02:30:42PM -0400
References: Right. That's the problem with the Black Blockian protests: They're using
1960s technology against 2001 police arsenals.

@_date: 2001-07-10 18:59:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
a3495 on Tue, Jul 10, 2001 at 06:22:12PM -0400
References: <0ead56316de7ccd5606b03d376f0f6be
Of those two choices, probably the former, actually. Delegates won't
change their positions based on oratory. Nor, in the case of a U.S.
delegate who might actually grok free trade, would we want him to.

@_date: 2001-07-11 00:04:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
References: <20010710195923.A6845
  <53468f78f37d8008394b4902035e1087
  <3B46011D.B9F83211
  <20010710195923.A6845
The sad truth is that if you're a gun owner and like to have variety in what you collect, no "western democracy" is going to be a better fit than the U.S. Even some smaller countries that should know better (or not) are lining up behind the anti-gun nations, as we can see this week at the U.N. Some may be better than others. Bermuda (not truly in the Carribbean) is more British and less strained in terms of race relations. Aruba is also better than others. But even with the problems in modern America, we still have a stronger commitment to what remains of civil liberty. Which may not be saying much.

@_date: 2001-07-11 00:12:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
References:  At the risk of going against cypherpunkconvntionalwisdom, or what
passes for it, I would be wary of using the Bell case as an example of
a typical prosecution.
First, Bell was so terribly unlikeable as a defendant that it's a
wonder that he even got the jury to not convict on all counts. Second,
he was loopy, whether for effect or for real, when accusing his
attorney of making death threats against him and family. Third, he
didn't just spew opinions on a mailing list -- he let all the Feds he
could know that he was willing to devote his life to bringing them
down. Fourth, there's the home addresses and "Say goodnight to Joshua"
thang that put the jury over the edge.
This is not to say that his prosecution was justified, that the law he
was charged with violating is constitutional, that the Feds acted
reasonably, or that his conviction is appropriate. But even among
cypherpunks, Bell is an outlier.

@_date: 2001-07-11 00:19:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit cracks 
Sun, Jul 08, 2001 at 07:58:18PM -0400
References: <200107080732.DAA14133
  <200107080732.DAA14133
  <20010708115339.C2140
  <200107081631.MAA04453
  <20010708140826.A1123 <20010708195818.A5318
More Condit! From this evening:
Hey, it's right around the corner. I can't resist.

@_date: 2001-07-11 09:28:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
References:  Wow. Jim Choate agrees with me, or I agree with him, or something like that.

@_date: 2001-07-11 09:55:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: House will vote on bill to regulate online campaign advertising 
Mulling Reins on Net Campaigns
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. July 11, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- The House of Representatives is scheduled to vote
   Thursday on a campaign finance bill that would, for the first time,
   regulate Internet advertisements and e-mails targeted at voters.
   The new rules aimed at online political activity are part of a
   Republican effort to overhaul U.S. election law that has received
   little scrutiny -- which, if enacted, would roil the fast-growing
   online campaign industry and impose obstacles on candidates' use of
   the Internet.
   Jonah Seiger, co-founder of Mindshare, a 16-person Internet consulting
   firm in Washington, said he understands why the legislation was
   written to cover "any communications" directed at voters, and not just
   traditional methods.
   "But I hope Congress would understand what they're doing," Seiger
   said. "The unintended consequences of sloppy legislation could make it
   more difficult to use the Internet and make it less effective as a
   political communications medium."
   On Thursday, the House will consider a campaign finance plan patterned
   after a bill backed by Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) that the Senate
   has already approved. That proposal, H.R.2356, covers only political
   communications sent by broadcast, satellite, cable or the U.S. mail,
   and does not apply to the Internet.
   But the version that House Republicans will offer as an alternative is
   far broader in one important way: It regulates "any" paid
   communication -- including Internet communication -- that mentions a
   candidate for federal office. Anyone who makes such a communication,
   not just political parties or candidates, would be required to keep
   careful records and count online spending toward a $50,000 limit that
   would trigger a filing with the federal government.
   The bill's drafters say they intended to regulate the burgeoning world
   of Internet politics but predicted the legislation's impact would be
   limited.
   Roman Buhler, counsel to the House Administration Committee, said
   "when we thought about the Internet we doubted that the cost of
   Internet messages, such as bulk e-mails, would rise to that level....
   It was our sense that bulk e-mails would not approach the $50,000
   threshold." (The bill does count e-mail spending toward the $50,000
   trigger point.)
   "A banner ad would be a form of mass communication, and they would
   have to disclose," Buhler said.
   Ken Nealy, a press secretary for bill sponsor Rep. Albert Wynn
   (D-Maryland), refused to speak on the record. When asked in person
   what effects the bill would have on the Internet, Nealy declared that
   the conversation was over and left the room.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-11 10:14:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: natsec in space 
SENATE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE National Security Budget Strategic Subcommittee hearing on the budget request for national security space programs, policies, operations and strategic systems. Witnesses: General Ralph Eberhart, commander in chief, U.S. Space Command; Admiral Richard Mies, commander in chief, U.S. Strategic Command; Major General Franklin Blaisdell, director, Nuclear and Counter Proliferation Issues, USAF; Rear Admiral Dennis Dwyer, director, Strategic Systems Program Office, USN Location: 222 Russell Senate Office Building. 2 p.m. Contact: 202-224-3871  **NEW**

@_date: 2001-07-11 23:03:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Privacy: Where's the Profit? event Thurs 7/12 in Mountain View 
[I was scheduled to participate in this event organized by the Silicon Valley Association of Startup Entrepreneurs but, alas, won't be able to make it. It promises to be an excellent discussion, and I urge Politech members in the area to stop by. --Declan]
THE MAIN EVENT:
SVASE Monthly Meeting
Privacy: Where's the Profit?
Microsoft Campus, Mountain View
Thursday, July 12, 2001, 6 pm
Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of startup business plans are based on exploiting privacy technologies. Technologies that protect privacy --- as well as business plans based on those that undermine it --- seem to come out nearly every week. Existing or proposed federal privacy laws will have a huge impact on whether those plans ever succeed.
This extraordinarily high-powered panel of experts will sort through the issues and tell you what they view as the key issues for entrepreneurs facing - or hoping to make money from - the rules and regulations of electronic privacy.
Our keynote speaker and moderator JIM HARPER, based in Washington, DC, is one of the world's preeminent experts in privacy policy. He is the founder and principal of PolicyCounsel.Com, a lobbying and consulting firm focused on e-commerce, technology, and telecommunications. He is the founder of Privacilla.org, the only online think-tank devoted to privacy as a public policy issue. Mr. Harper served as counsel to committees in both the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. He now works to help Congress and regulators understand the New Economy. In his presentation to SVASE, Jim will unpack the complex concept of privacy and discuss the thinking and plans of legislators, regulators, and advocates. Progress & Freedom Foundation ( recently named Jim as an Adjunct Fellow.
MARK UNCAPHER is Vice President and Counsel of the Information Technology Association of America, responsible for ITAA s Internet Commerce & Communications Division. The more than 100 members of the division include: Amazon.com, AOLTime Warner, AT&T, Boeing, Cable & Wireless, Covad Communications, EDS, Exodus, Focal Communications, Fujitsu Limited, Global Crossings, IBM, MCI WorldCom, Metromedia Fiber Network, Microsoft, Nortel Networks, SunGard Data, Teligent, and Yahoo. Uncapher argues that the issue is not about whether to protect consumer privacy on the Internet -- that is what the public expects and what Internet companies are determined to provide -- the challenge is to identify the best and most profitable ways to do so.
DAVE KRAMER is a litigation partner with the reknowned law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati.  On the privacy front, Kramer has worked extensively with technology pioneers such as Google and Netscape, developing startups such as Napster and Yodlee, and new online entrants like Orbitz, Cogit and Enviz. Mr. Kramer will discuss the biggest threats companies currently face in the privacy arena, including privacy regulation.
DECLAN McCULLAGH is Washington Bureau Chief for Wired News. He has been writing about the Internet since 1990. McCullagh moderates politech, a mailing list looking broadly at politics and technology that was founded in 1994. He has appeared on CNN, CNN-fn, Court TV, NPR, ABC News, CNBC, CBC, CSPAN, Reuters TV, and Fox News. He is a member of the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences and has been a judge in the Webby awards, the Ars Electronica awards, the Internet Freedom journalism awards, and the Pacific Research Institute technology privatization awards.
RAY EVERETT-CHURCH, is a Principal at PrivacyClue LLC.  Called the "dean of corporate privacy officers" by Inter at ctive Week Magazine, Ray Everett-Church is an internationally recognized expert on privacy law and policy. In 1999, he became the world's first corporate Chief Privacy Officer, a ground-breaking position soon adopted by dozens of Fortune 500 firms. Founder of PrivacyClue LLC, a privacy-oriented consultancy, he advises firms on developing privacy measures consistent with existing laws, prevailing consumer attitudes, and acceptable industry practices.  He was previously an attorney with the Washington, DC-area telecommunications law firm of Haley Bader & Potts, and has counseled America Online, Microsoft, and numerous start-up ventures.
                            __________________ Meetings costs are as follows:
PRE-REGISTERED RATES
Member Meeting Only - FREE
Member Meeting & Dinner - $25
Non-Member Meeting & Dinner - $45
New Membership & Meeting - $125
New Membership, Meeting & Dinner - $150
Sponsor or Sponsor's Guest - FREE
Sponsor or Sponsor's Guest Meeting & Dinner - $25
Student Meeting Only - $10
WALK IN RATES
Member Meeting & Dinner - $35
Non-Member Meeting & Dinner - $55
New Membership & Meeting - $125
New Membership, Meeting & Dinner - $160
Meeting Agenda:
6:00 - Buffet Opens (Time for Networking)
7:00 - Announcements and Reports
7:15 - Panel Begins
9:00 - Final Announcements and More Networking
The July meeting is being held at:
Microsoft Silicon Valley Campus - Building 1
1065 La Avenida (formerly L'avenida)
Mountain View, CA  94043
Phone:  650-693-4000

@_date: 2001-07-12 00:54:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Singapore orders political websites to register with government 
[I wrote this article before seeing the mail from the Singapore government to one political site. Note the site, sintercom, is not set up by political candidates -- it is intended for political discussions, much like Politech or Slashdot. See the text below. --Declan]
    Slinging Shots at Singapore
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. July 9, 2001 PDT
    SAN MATEO, California -- Singapore's most twisted, droll and insanely
    popular humor site launched quietly enough last year after one of its
    editors got dumped from a dying Internet company in the United States.
    "I was in a failed dot-com, and I was trying to figure out what to do
    after that," said Singapore expatriate K.K. Cheong, editor of
    TalkingCock. "A bunch of us got together and started brainstorming and
    decided that what Singapore really needs is a real humor magazine.
    Something edgy."
    One year later, TalkingCock has become the country's equivalent of The
    Onion or MadCowCulture -- a smart, savvy, and occasionally raunchy
    humor zine that delights in poking fun at Singaporean culture and
    politics.
    Some recent headlines include an undeniably funny mock interview with
    President Bush, an article entitled "Singapore's Worst Job Revealed:
    Wanking Elephants," and a report on helpful civil servants offering to
    impregnate Singaporean wives who have difficulty conceiving a child.
    [...]
    The Singapore Straits-Times reported last month that in
    addition to regulating how political parties may use the Web, the
    government also wants to enforce "responsible use" of the Internet by
    news organizations. ...
    A Singapore government source who is familiar with TalkingCock said on
    Wednesday it was too soon to tell how worried the site's writers
    should be.
    "It would be going after the content and not specific websites," said
    the source, who did not want to be identified. "It would not be the
    case that TalkingCock.com by its very nature would be subject to
    regulation. It would depend on its content."
    [...]
[This letter has been retyped from postal mail and is provided to me by a very reliable source. sintercom.org is not related to talkingcock.com other than they share a similar user base and both openly discuss issues about Singaporean life, making them something of a rarity. (sintercom is more serious and talkingcock is purely satire.) The sintercom editors are now reportedly considering options such as moving the site offshore, saying that an earlier legal exemption still applies, or allowing the Singapore government to censor whatever they like and replacing deleted content with a big "CENSORED BY SBA" logo. --Declan]
7 July 2001
Dear Mr Tan and Ms Goh
Registration of Website - Sintercom
1. We note that your website  engages in the propagation,
promotion and discussion of political issues relating to Singapore.
2. Please be informed that under the Singapore Boradcasting Authority (class
Licence) Notification 1996, any body of persons engaged in the propagation,
promotion or discussion of political issues relating to Singapore on the
Internet is required to register with the Authority.
3. Please complete the enclosed registration form B and form B2, and return
the completed forms to me within 14 days fromthe date of this letter.
4. Do feel free to call me at 837 9385 should you have any queries.
Thank you.
Yours sincerely
Paglar Yvonne Ann (Ms)
Management executive (new media policy)
for Chief executive officer
[Form B is entitled: Political parties ergistered in Singapre OR individuals/groups/organisations/corporations providing political or
religious content]
[Form B2 is a declaration: site agrees to accept full responsibility for the
content on the abovementioned website, including the content of discussion
groups carried on it.]

@_date: 2001-07-12 12:44:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
reeza on Wed, Jul 11, 2001 at 10:19:51PM -1000
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740
  <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50
  <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740
  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100
Now this is certainly a new high point in cypherpunklian discourse.

@_date: 2001-07-13 00:32:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: General Ashcroft make his move 
References: <200107121501.LAA27562 Thanks for posting this. I'm not sure why this should be a surprise.
Groups that care about currying favor with Congress and the
administration have a strong incentive to distort the truth to
constitutents in hopes of persuading them that awful compromises are
To use examples from the Net, the Center for Democracy and Technology
circa 1995-1996 backed a bill that would criminalize "harmful to
minors" material online.  In part this was due to a desire to remain
influential on Capitol Hill rather than taking a more extreme
position. ( EFF cut a (bad)
deal on CALEA and backed a flawed bill around the same time
This is not to say those groups would do the same thing now, of course.
The other approach is to hew to principle, with the understanding that
you'll be less effective as a lobbyist. Deal-cutting is the currency
of Washington politics, and if you don't do it you don't have much to
spend. The ACLU's lobbyists take this approach. (So do groups like
CEI, EPIC, and Cato, though they don't really lobby. I've seen Gun
Owners of America take the same no-compromise stand.)
The NRA doesn't see things the same way, and their approach does make
them more influential. There may be other factors as well, but it
should be no surprise that Fortune magazine's poll of Hill staffers
reports that staffers from both major parties rank the NRA among the
top five or so most influential groups. The no compromise groups don't
make the list.
Also, this issue may be part of a pretty complicated political
analysis. For instance, the NRA may want the help of the Bush
administration (a veto over a bad campaign finance bill) in one area
so will laud them here even when the praise is undeserved.  NRA
lobbyists may be betting that a paean to Ashcroft now will let them
bank political capital that can be spent against a gun bill later.
Strategically, if the NRA takes the extreme step of later denouncing
Ashcroft, this current pro-Ashcroft campaign will make the media take
their later statements more seriously.
Then again, it could be an honest mistake on the part of the NRA
in leaving out that key footnote. Has anyone asked them?

@_date: 2001-07-13 07:47:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: save the children! 
FOREIGN AFFAIRS Save the Children News conference to call upon the United States to accept limits on the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. Participants: Christine Knudson, Save the Children; Jo Marie Griesgraber, Oxfam America; Lincoln Ndodoni, World Vision and Adotei Akwei, Amnensty international Location: National Press Club, Zenger Room, 14th and F St., NW. 9:30 a.m. Contact: 203-221-4187 **NEW**

@_date: 2001-07-13 08:48:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
References: <20010713104033.B31955
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010712195545.00dbe3f0
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740
 <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50
 <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100
 <20010712124440.D15770
 <4.3.2.7.2.20010712195545.00dbe3f0
Yes. Clearly killfiling is a concept coterminous with censorship. I urge Reese to expand this campaign to people who change the channel too.

@_date: 2001-07-13 10:40:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100 <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740 <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50 <3.0.6.32.20010711175823.00971c50 <4.3.2.7.2.20010711202845.032a9740  <4.3.2.7.2.20010711221515.00dc2100 <20010712124440.D15770 <4.3.2.7.2.20010712195545.00dbe3f0
It doesn't bother me either way, so I have no real preference. (If such
juvenalia did bother me, I would have resigned from cpunx 6 years ago.)
But you should know that it does make everyone feel a strong urge
to killfile you. Consider this a fair warning.

@_date: 2001-07-15 21:40:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: violent antitax protest/riot in US 
honig on Sat, Jul 14, 2001 at 11:17:27AM -0700
References: <3.0.6.32.20010714111727.008fda10
This is amazing. If anything like this was even attempted in DC,
we'd have dozens of federal agencies, and perhaps armed troops,
converging on the U.S. Capitol.

@_date: 2001-07-15 21:44:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
gbnewby on Sat, Jul 14, 2001 at 11:13:07PM -0400
References: <3B50D9EE.DA65ECA3
  <20010714231306.A29710
I'm only catching up on this conversation now, but coincidentally, I
asked the Feds during a "press conference" at Defcon what they'd think
about such a project. The federal agents who showed up were anything
but receptive at my suggestion that all interviews and correspondence
be recorded via videocam etc. and released after the trial was over,
at the latest.  Hah.

@_date: 2001-07-16 05:06:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Everyone gets to lobby 
Legislative Day == Lobby your members of Congress for pork, regulatory hurdles for competitors, etc.
LOBBYING Professional Lawn Care Assn. of America (PLCAA) Fifth annual Renewal and Remembrance Project and Legislative Day activities, July 16-17. Highlights: 6:45 a.m. - Environmental Enhancement Program, Arlington National Cemetery and Old Congressional Cemetery, 1801 E St., SE 8 a.m. - Rep. Roger Wicker, R-Miss., guest speaker, and Bill Hoopes, president-elect, dedication of renovated garden site, Arlington National Cemetery 3:30 p.m. - Day on the Hill briefing 5 p.m. - Charlie Cook, Cook and Co., political analyst, reception/dinner speaker Location: Holiday Inn Capitol, 550 C St., SW. Contact: Karen Weber, 800-458-3466, or

@_date: 2001-07-16 05:52:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Massachusetts high court rules against man who taped abusive 
This is a fascinating case. The majority said that unless they ruled as they did, "every police encounter would be available for secret recording." (As if anything was wrong with that.) Welcome to the latest conflict between technology and the law.
Technology will win this footrace, at least in the long run. As recording devices fall in price and size, they'll become increasingly commonplace. Perhaps a next-generation privacy company will build a device that streams its recording to a remote site wirelessly, so even if it's smashed by police or lawbreakers, its data will survive. Or perhaps a next-generation justicefiles.org will allow victims of police brutality to anonymously post their recordings of police misconduct next to other information about that particular law enforcement officer.
At Defcon this weekend, I asked a group of four or five law enforcement officials what they thought about the idea of having shouldercams that they'd be required to wear when they interrogate suspects or conduct interviews or perform other official duties. The recordings would be released after five years or when the trial was over and appeals exhausted. Needless to say, they weren't very receptive to the idea.

@_date: 2001-07-16 06:14:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress in action: Hearing on "media violence" planned 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: Ken Johnson or Jon Tripp
                Monday, July 16, 2001 UPTON ANNOUNCES HEARING ON MEDIA VIOLENCE
WASHINGTON (July 16) - Rep. Fred Upton (R-MI), Chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, today announced a hearing on media violence for this Friday (July 20, 2001) at 9:30 a.m. in room 2123 of the Rayburn House Office Building.
The hearing is entitled: "An Examination of the Entertainment Industry's Efforts to Curb Children's Exposure to Violent Content."
A witness list has not been determined.

@_date: 2001-07-16 14:26:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
honig on Mon, Jul 16, 2001 at 07:56:08AM -0700
References: <20010714231306.A29710
  <3.0.6.32.20010716075608.009003f0
I was thinking along the same lines as David. Stickers in windshields
would work. I've also seen folks selling the "these are my rights,
cop" cards. Seems to be a market opportunity to add another line to

@_date: 2001-07-16 14:27:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
04:20:56PM +0200
References: <20010714231306.A29710
Keep in mind that the Mass. decision that started this thread
only dealt with *surreptitious* recording. Mann's "shooting back"
is still allowed even in Mass. as long as it's obvious what you're

@_date: 2001-07-16 20:59:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
gbnewby on Mon, Jul 16, 2001 at 02:50:00PM -0400
References: <20010714231306.A29710
  <20010716142646.A17742
  <20010716145000.A25316
Ah, close but not the same. I was talking about cards that you hand
to the cops who stop you.

@_date: 2001-07-16 21:06:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
codehead on Mon, Jul 16, 2001 at 02:29:16PM -0700
References: <200107162126.RAA19455
Of course there is no law or regulation that prohibits individuals
from accepting encrypted email from the blacklist countries (or
an ISP from forwarding it).
Though perhaps government pressure or simple misunderstanding can explain the situation you encountered. I'd be interested in any
verifiable info on this.

@_date: 2001-07-16 21:49:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Peekabooty coverage from Reuters 
gbnewby on Mon, Jul 16, 2001 at 09:24:26PM -0400
References: <20010716212426.A9944
Yeah, Elinor was here at Defcon. Since there was no real news at the
conference, reporters were reduced to writing that there was no
news ("cDc suffers from vaporware problem"). --Declan

@_date: 2001-07-17 10:57:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: FBI arrests Russian hacker visiting U.S. for alleged DMCA breach 
Russian Adobe Hacker Busted
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   7:04 a.m. July 17, 2001 PDT
   LAS VEGAS -- FBI agents have arrested a Russian programmer for giving
   away software that removes the restrictions on encrypted Adobe Acrobat
   files.
   Dmitry Sklyarov, a lead programmer for Russian software company
   ElcomSoft, was visiting the United States for the annual Defcon hacker
   convention, where he gave a talk on the often-flawed security of
   e-books.
   This would be the second known prosecution under the criminal sections
   of the controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act, (DMCA) which
   took effect last year and makes it a crime to "manufacture" products
   that circumvent copy protection safeguards.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-18 12:09:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
References: <200107171628.MAA07432 <004201c10ee4$88f403b0$2d010a0a
Without quibbling with your sentiment, this isn't unique to the DMCA.
Holocaust revisionism is a crime in Germany, I understand. If I ran
my naziswereswell.com website from the U.S. as a U.S. citizen and made the
mistake of traveling to Germany, I could easily be arrested. Let's not
even talk about what would happen if Rushdie wanted to visit Iran.
Similarly, U.S. law prohibits money laundering. If a known Russian money launderer visited the U.S., he'd likely be arrested. This is unremarkable.
That's not even talking about kidnappings by U.S. agents.
As for the DMCA, it says: "No person shall manufacture, import, offer
to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology,
product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that (does the
good stuff)." Nowhere does it limit its scope to Americans.
As I wrote in an article in April, all this means is that cutting-edge
security conferences will be held overseas, or maybe in Canada.

@_date: 2001-07-18 12:13:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
References: <20010718020748.56311.qmail
None of this will, of course, happen. It will join in the bitbucket
the tens of thousands of other "cypherpunks should do this" ideas
posted over the better part of the last decade.
Give them the money for it?

@_date: 2001-07-18 12:13:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
10:21:44AM -0400
References: Actually, Johansen was just questioned, not arrested. ObPhotos: see mccullagh.org for his appearance in NYC.

@_date: 2001-07-18 12:23:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: All your prime bases are belong to us 
on Tue, Jul 17, 2001 at 07:27:59PM -0700
References: And also subscribers (like me) that use multiple accounts to post
to the list. That requires manual intervention, but has worked well.
Same here. I wouldn't be here without it -- thanks!

@_date: 2001-07-18 12:27:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: George W. Bush on biochemwomdterror 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010718080439.0214cb80  <20010718112653.A4750
It even seems to be an accurate transcription:

@_date: 2001-07-18 13:18:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: first net advert for hitman arrested (fwiw) 
Jul 17, 2001 at 11:31:19PM -0700
References: <3B552D37.6845920F
That's not the right URL.

@_date: 2001-07-18 13:20:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: first net advert for hitman arrested (fwiw) 
Jul 17, 2001 at 11:31:19PM -0700
References: <3B552D37.6845920F
This is better:
Russian hitman advertised on Net Jul. 3, 2001 17:10 ET ... May, department chief Dmitry Chepchugov was quot ... t chief Dmitry Chepchugov was quoted as saying. Moscow a ... (cached article) (more info about article) Russian script wrinkly on hacking charges May. 25, 2001 08:35 ET ... it card transactions. Dmitry Chepchugov, chief o ... ctions. Dmitry Chepchugov, chief of the Moscow city poli ... (cached article) (more info about article) Russian hackers arrested May. 24, 2001 13:40 ET ... uter crime unit said. Dmitry Chepchugov, quoted ... t said. Dmitry Chepchugov, quoted by The Associated Pres ... (cached article) (more info about article)

@_date: 2001-07-18 13:50:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
honig on Wed, Jul 18, 2001 at 09:34:15AM -0700
References:   <3.0.6.32.20010718093415.00841790
Ah, but your assumptions are not quite right. See my Wired News
article on steganalysis.

@_date: 2001-07-19 09:07:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cloning and body armor 
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE Cloning/Body Armor Crime Subcommittee markup immediately following Full committee on H.R.2505, the "Human Cloning Prohibition Act of 2001," and H.R.1007, the "James Guelff Body Armor Act of 2001." Location: 2141 Rayburn House Office Building. 10 a.m. Contact: 202-225-3951

@_date: 2001-07-19 12:00:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit: long criminal history 
George on Thu, Jul 19, 2001 at 11:32:47AM -0400
References: <200107191532.LAA01701
Here's the link... Gotta love the Post...
LEVY KIN: INVESTIGATE CONDIT BRO
2001-07-19 05:25:16

@_date: 2001-07-19 21:19:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Russian hacker nabbed by FBI lost in federal prison system 
Russian Hacker Arrested by FBI Goes Missing
   posted by declan on Thursday July 19,    from the where-is-dmitry-sklyarov dept.
   ---
   Dmitry Sklyarov is missing.
   The 27-year old Russian programmer and hacker who was arrested after
   Defcon was last spotted at 3 pm Monday, when he made a brief court
   appearance in Las Vegas. He's charged with violating the 1998 Digital
   Millennium Copyright Act.
   Now he's adrift inside the federal prison bureaucracy. A managing
   director of ElcomSoft, Sklyarov's employer, says he has no idea where
   his colleague is. Says ElcomSoft's Vladimir Katalov: "Of course they
   really worry about him, because FBI/police didn't allow Dmit to talk
   to his family."
   An informed source in the U.S. Attorney's office in San Francisco said
   that after Sklyarov's court visit on Monday he was turned over to the
   U.S. Marshals. The source said Sklyarov is likely out of contact since
   he's in transit to California. Typically prisoners are moved to a
   holding facility in Oklahoma until there's a scheduled transport to
   San Francisco, much as FedEx routes packages through central hubs.
   The government source said prosecutors receive almost no warning from
   the marshals when prisoners will appear -- sometimes they get a phone
   call, and sometimes the marshals simply take the prisoner to the court
   with no notice.
   The U.S. Marshals did not return phone calls. The U.S. Attorney's
   offices in San Francisco and Las Vegas said they did not know where
   Sklyarov was.
   An assistant U.S. Attorney in Las Vegas said that he wasn't familiar
   with the details of the case, but in general meeting with a detainee
   isn't a big deal: "Anyone can meet with a prisoner, you just head up
   to the prison and ask to see him." (That supposes that you know where
   he is.)
   Rene Valladares is an assistant federal public defender in Las Vegas
   who represented Sklyarov during the hearing on Monday. He said
   Sklyarov would arrive in California between now and two weeks from now
   (at the latest), at which point a judge will decide if he needs a
   public defender.
   As a side note, the chief of security for the Alexis Park Hotel --
   where the Defcon convention took place and where Sklyarov was arrested
   -- professed to know nothing. When asked about the arrest, he said: "I
   have no idea." When pressed about contact with the FBI, he admitted:
   "The FBI advises us if they are going to be on our property, but they
   don't tell us why. The FBI did advise us they would be on our property
   Monday morning."
   Background
   The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) says in section 1201 that:
   "No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or
   otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device,
   component, or part thereof" that has as its primary use (or is
   marketed as) circumventing copy protection. Sklyarov is charged with
   one count of trafficking in illegal circumvention software.
   Section 1203 of the DMCA includes civil remedies, which is what the
   movie studios are using against 2600 magazine. 2600 distributed DeCSS
   via its website at no charge.
   Section 1204 of the DMCA lists the criminal penalties -- up to a
   $500,000 fine and five years in federal prison. Those apply to "any
   person who violates section 1201 or 1202 willfully and for purposes of
   commercial advantage or private financial gain." This section took
   effect in October 2000. Because Dmitry's firm sold their software for
   "private financial gain," the Feds believe they can prosecute under
   the part of Sec. 1204 that would likely not have applied to 2600.
   A prediction: Because of the DMCA, U.S. conferences with cutting-edge
   technical content in this area likely will begin to move offshore or
   to Canada. If you present your paper at a U.S. conference and get paid
   to speak, you could be the next person nabbed by the FBI. Even if
   there's no "financial gain," you or the conference organizers could be
   sued civilly (see the threats against Ed Felten's abandoned
   presentation at the Information Hiding Workshop in April).
     _________________________________________________________________
   Relevant links:
   Department of Justice press release (7/17/2001)
   free-sklyarov mailing list (7/18/2001)
   BoycottAdobe.com (7/18/2001)
   EFF notice on protests scheduled for July 23 (7/19/2001)
   PlanetEBook report on arrest (7/16/2001)
   Text of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
     _________________________________________________________________
   McCullagh.org photographs:
   Photos from mccullagh.org of DMCA appeal (5/2001)
   Photos from mccullagh.org of DMCA protest on Capitol Hill (4/2000)
   Photos from mccullagh.org of DMCA trial (7/2000)
   Photos from mccullagh.org of Defcon '00 (7/2000)
     _________________________________________________________________
   Politech archives:
   Politech archive on U.S. v. Sklyarov
   Politech archive on DeCSS lawsuit against 2600 magazine
   Politech archive on Princeton University's Ed Felten's struggle with
   the recording industry
   Politech archive on the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
     _________________________________________________________________
   News articles: (newest first)
   Civil Liberties Group Blasts Adobe For Aiding FBI In Arrest    Jul. 19, 2001 19:35 ET       Russian busted for breaking ebook code
   Jul. 19, 2001 16:02 ET
      Russian computer programmer arrested at hacker conference
   Jul. 19, 2001 15:15 ET
   cbc.ca/cgi-bin/templates/view.cgi?/news/2001/07/19/hack_arrest010719
   On the Net
   Jul. 19, 2001 14:14 ET
      Boycott Adobe campaign launches
   Jul. 19, 2001 12:35 ET
      Russian accused of ebook violation
   Jul. 19, 2001 06:57 ET
      Hacker Arrest Stirs Protest
   Jul. 19, 2001 06:45 ET
      Arrest in e-book fraud case
   Jul. 19, 2001 05:51 ET
      Arrest in e-book fraud case
   Jul. 19, 2001 05:50 ET
      FBI arrests software writer
   Jul. 19, 2001 05:45 ET
   www0.mercurycenter.com/premium/nation/docs/hacker18.htm
   U.S. Arrests Russian Cryptographer as Copyright Violator
   Jul. 19, 2001 03:35 ET
   dailynews.yahoo.com/htx/nyt/20010718/tc/u_s_arrests_russian_cryptographer_as_copyright_violator_1.html
   Adobe Alerted Government To Russian Software Crack
   Jul. 18, 2001 19:35 ET
      Russian to face US hacking charges
   Jul. 18, 2001 19:14 ET
      Russian faces e-book copying charges
   Jul. 18, 2001 17:15 ET
   afr.com/it/2001/07/19/FFXO62NZ9PC.html
   Russian Hacker Arrested After Las Vegas Convention
   Jul. 18, 2001 17:11 ET
   dailynews.yahoo.com/htx/nm/20010718/tc/tech_hacker_arrest_dc_3.html
   Arrest fuels Adobe copyright fight
   Jul. 18, 2001 11:10 ET
      hl
   FBI arrests software writer
   Jul. 18, 2001 05:45 ET
   www0.mercurycenter.com/premium/nation/docs/020263.htm
   Russian computer programmer arrested
   Jul. 18, 2001 05:45 ET
   www0.mercurycenter.com/business/top/011788.htm
   DMCA bust at Def Con
   Jul. 18, 2001 04:59 ET
      FBI agents pounce on Defcon hacker
   Jul. 18, 2001 04:47 ET
      Russian Hacker Arrested After Las Vegas Convention
   Jul. 17, 2001 23:11 ET
   dailynews.yahoo.com/htx/nm/20010717/tc/tech_hacker_arrest_dc_1.html
   FBI nabs Russian expert at Def Con
   Jul. 17, 2001 21:10 ET
      FBI Arrests Russian Creator Of E-Book-Decoding Software
   Jul. 17, 2001 17:35 ET
      Russian hacker arrested after convention
   Jul. 17, 2001 15:40 ET
      eBook security debunker arrested by Feds
   Jul. 17, 2001 14:35 ET
      Russian Adobe Hacker Busted
   Jul. 17, 2001 12:45 ET

@_date: 2001-07-20 00:51:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: violent antitax protest/riot in US 
nobody on Fri, Jul 20, 2001 at 04:50:29AM +0200
References: Right, I hadn't linked that in. That was a sad day in U.S. history,
though by modern standards the troops were positively restrained and cordial.

@_date: 2001-07-20 13:20:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
on Fri, Jul 20, 2001 at 09:58:10AM -0700
References: Worse yet, apparently the shopkeepers of Genoa were strongly encouraged
by the government to head out of town. Then the barricades went up
around the "red zone" and shops and businesses not inside it seem to be receiving minimal, if any, police protection.
In other words, the Europeans are disarmed, pressured to leave town,
and then they can watch CNN with us as their shops are looted and smashed
and the cops hunker down inside the red zone.

@_date: 2001-07-20 14:03:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Denmark bows to U.S., enacts anti-piracy search and seizure law 
Denmark Enacts Anti-Piracy Search and Seizure Law
    posted by vergil on Friday July 20,     from the battering-ram-of-the-bsa dept.
    If you needed further proof of the U.S. software industry's global
    muscle, keep reading. The U.S. government, acting on behalf of
    American firms, has successfully pressured Denmark to change
    its laws. A document unearthed by Cluebot.com describes how the new
    law allows physical searches for supposed copyright infringements
    "without prior notification."

@_date: 2001-07-20 15:51:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Condit on crack 
George on Fri, Jul 20, 2001 at 03:31:45PM -0400
References: <200107201931.PAA02981
Watch case, actually.

@_date: 2001-07-21 11:58:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20010720212533.02d4b660 c  om> <20010721071452.95550.qmail
Everyone's a journalist nowadays.
Their anti-property rights slogans, their disdain for private property,
their embrace of socialist and Marxist ideology? See a nice writeup on this
point that Cato's Aaron Lucas sent to my Politech list:

@_date: 2001-07-21 12:11:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rallies on Monday 
References:  The interesting thing in this case is that Dmitry was not arrested for
discussing or revealing information about Adobe's arguably-sucky copy
protection system. If you read the FBI affidavit
( you'll note that the FBI
seems only concerned about his commercial activities:
 Diaz affirmed that he believes the Elcomsoft Software program, coupled
 with the Elcomsoft unlocking key, circumvents protection afforded by a
 technological measure developed by Adobe for its Acrobat eBook Reader
 either by avoiding, bypassing, removing, deactiviating, or otherwise
 impairing the technological measure.
 I believe Dmitry Sklyarov, employee of Elcomsoft and the individual
 listed on the Elcomsoft software products as the copyright holder of
 the program sold and produced by Elcomsoft, known as the Advanced
 eBook Processor, has willfully and for financial gain (etc.)
That's because the DMCA only makes commercial circumvention a crime:
 (a) In general. -- Any person who violates section 1201 or 1202
 willfully and for purposes of commercial advantage or private
 financial gain, (1) shall be fined not more than $500,000 or
 imprisoned for not more than 5 years or both, for the first offense
Non-commercial circumvention may, of course, be a civil offense, as 2600
found out in the New York case brought by the movie studios.
This state of affairs creates a mild problem (to go back to the recent
topic of discussion on cypherpunks) for those who strongly believe in
the First Amendment when applied to nonprofit or not-for-profit speech
but less so when it comes to speech that's part of a commercial
For instance, a guy ranting on Usenet, they say, should have free
speech rights, but the tobacco companies or pharmaceutical companies
can properly be muzzled. Let's hope Dmitry, a budding capitalist,
doesn't fall into that same commercial-speech-can-be-regulated

@_date: 2001-07-21 12:19:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
References: This is too simplistic.
This is better.
The truth is that they're dismal in different areas. We may not have a
Waco under Ashcroft, and he may be mildly better on 2A rights, and he
may not have same weird fixations that Reno did. But the obscenity
"crackdown" is coming, that's for sure, and we'll have plenty more to
complain about int he next year or so.
Also, on the Sklyarov issue, it's a mistake to believe there's any
substantial difference in the major parties.
Clinton signed the DMCA with the appropriate fanfare; a motion to
reconsider the DMCA in the House was tabled *without objection* and
the DMCA was agreed to in the Senate *without objection* by unanimous
This was not a hotly-debated law, folks. Anyone who thinks there's
a difference between the two major parties on this issue -- and I'm not
saying Matt does, of course -- should get over it.

@_date: 2001-07-21 13:50:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: State appeals court says ignorance no defense in wiretapping 
2001-07-18 05:35:39
Court boosts taping laws
Appeals judges say ignorance no defense in wiretapping cases; 'Willfully' is
key word; Decision stems from surveillance of Edgewater home
By Andrea F. Siegel
Sun Staff
July 18, 2001
In a decision that will benefit prosecutors, the state's highest court
ruled yesterday that a person need not know it is illegal to bug
conversations to be convicted of wiretapping. The 5-2 Court of Appeals
opinion sets aside what had been the prevailing interpretation, in
which the lower appellate court said a person who violates the state
wiretapping law must know that what he did was illegal. The standard
in yesterday's ruling says a defendant can be convicted if the wiretap
was done on purpose, not inadvertently.

@_date: 2001-07-21 14:10:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists 
morlockelloi on Sat, Jul 21, 2001 at 10:37:48AM -0700
References: <20010721115829.A7990
  <20010721173748.92480.qmail
So instead of responding to the text of the article, you rant about the
author. That's intellectual integrity about on the level of many of
those anti-property rights protests.
The problem is that the protesters have no coherent message. Take this
bit of silliness:
Does anyone really think that breastfeeding is a right anytime,
anywhere?  Don't I have a right to tell someone to leave my home if
they're doing it at a gathering I'm hosting on my property? (I
wouldn't, but that's not the point.)
Yep. And it's also pretty accurate. The protesters have no coherent message,
but a disdain for property rights is about as close as they come to one.

@_date: 2001-07-21 14:12:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
jya on Sat, Jul 21, 2001 at 01:55:12PM -0700
References:   <20010721121135.B7990
  <200107211755.NAA14355
The problem with this analysis is that he does not have to be the
main commercial beneficiary for the charges to stick.

@_date: 2001-07-21 14:42:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - Family remembers G8 protester - July 21, 2001 
References: <3B59C6BF.721741
I'm sympathetic to the deceased's family. But it strikes me that if
you assault a police vehicle with armed cops inside with the evident
intent to do physical harm, you'd better be wearing a bulletproof vest.

@_date: 2001-07-21 14:42:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rallies on Monday 
References: <20010721121135.B7990
Your guess is as good as mine, and I'll defer to the criminal lawyers here, if there are any. My suspicion: In truly "criminal" enterprises, I suspect they'd go after the officers of the corporation. But in practice "trafficking" is a broad prohibition, and the Feds will arrest anyone involved who sets foot in the U.S.

@_date: 2001-07-21 18:11:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
References: <20010721141243.B10338
  <200107211755.NAA14355
  <20010721121135.B7990
  <200107211755.NAA14355
Agreed. In the end, it's not Adobe that's the problem. Many companies like the DMCA and many will use it to seek advantage in the market. Targeting Adobe misses the larger picture.
A unanimous Congress enacted it and a grinning President Clinton signed it. They should be the proper targets of protest.

@_date: 2001-07-21 22:26:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Adobe's Teeth.  (Was: Re: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Monday) 
References: <3B59C7F2.64E80357 <002501c11225$c0877fc0$d2972040
All this may be true, but it fails to recognize that most
geek-protests (and I have covered many) don't result in high
turnouts. See this anti-DMCA protest, which drew eight marchers:
Perhaps 15 were marching in front of the Supreme Court when the CDA
was being heard.
Oh, this might be larger, and I suspect it will be. And it makes sense
to consider Adobe's mindset. But the Black Bloc (or the Black Panthers)
this isn't.

@_date: 2001-07-21 22:37:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Engineer for Haloid Corp. arrested for producing 
on Sat, Jul 21, 2001 at 06:46:27PM -0700
References: <200107212001.QAA21987
  <200107211755.NAA14355
  <20010721121135.B7990
  <200107211755.NAA14355
  <200107212001.QAA21987
  <3.0.6.32.20010721182741.008588e0
I realize Tim is making a general point, and I agree with his overall
analysis (it makes sense, how could I not?).
But I'll play Devil's Advocate for a moment, and argue that the
DMCA does not make any distribution/sale of a circumvention device
verboten. It makes these three things illegal:
`(A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of
circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that
effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under this title in
a work or a portion thereof;
`(B) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other
than to circumvent protection afforded by a technological measure that
effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under this title in
a work or a portion thereof; or
`(C) is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with that
person with that person's knowledge for use in circumventing
protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively
protects a right of a copyright owner under this title in a work or a
portion thereof.
That's broad, and unduly broad, but not as broad as it could be.

@_date: 2001-07-21 22:42:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References:  Right. Moreover, from admittedly-incomplete news reports, this summit
seems to have been plagued with a higher number and a higher percentage
of "rioters" than previous gatherings.

@_date: 2001-07-21 23:27:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Italian police raid Genoa online journalist collective 
It's unclear what happened, but preliminary reports out of Genoa say that police armed with guns and search warrants raided "the headquarters of the umbrella group behind anti-capitalist riots against the Group of Eight summit" on Saturday evening.
That apparently included the Independent Media Center, which was either was a target of the raid or swept up in it (the focus seems to have been on the "Genoa Social Forum," and they may have shared the same building). Often IMC reporters are activists who take part in street actions, though IMC organizers try to discourage this by advising reporters to hide their press pass when that happens.
One sketchy AFP report, which alludes to a "brutal" raid:
And what appears to be a reproduced Reuters article:
IMC reports saying police entered the newsroom:
CNN.com article from four days ago saying car bomb and letter bomb early this week put cops on high alert:
Politech archive on Seattle IMC tussle with FBI over web logs:

@_date: 2001-07-22 10:59:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - Family remembers G8 protester - July 21, 2001 
References: <20010721144216.B10879 A close look at the Reuters photo sequence shows that these "assumptions"
are in truth conclusions.

@_date: 2001-07-22 13:53:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A new record? 18 Choategrams this morning! 
on Sun, Jul 22, 2001 at 09:54:35AM -0700
References: Coincidentally, before reading this, I finally decided to killfile
Choate. I'm not sure whether it was the inane nuttiness, the weird
quoting of the First Amendment with metronome regularity, or the loopy
argument that protesters trying to trash a police van were really
doing that by way of polite introduction before perhaps extending an
invite to afternoon tea.
Anyway, thanks to the graces of procmail, I now have a "trash" folder,
and a sincere expectation that my cypherpunks traffic will fall in
volume while rising in quality by 20 percent.

@_date: 2001-07-22 20:12:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
jya on Sun, Jul 22, 2001 at 05:50:28PM -0700
References: <200107211755.NAA14355
  <200107211755.NAA14355
  <200107222150.RAA15539
At least this unfortunate situation has changed. EFF has given him office
space, and I suspect he as all the legal advice he needs.

@_date: 2001-07-22 20:14:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NetCurrents: Echelon for the Private Sector 
a3495 on Sun, Jul 22, 2001 at 05:15:53PM -0400
References: And what we would expect the market to do.
If you don't like it, use a nym.

@_date: 2001-07-23 10:17:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
SENATE GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS COMMITTEE Bioterrorism International Security, Proliferation and Federal Services Subcommittee hearing to examine the role of the Federal Emergency Management Agency in managing a bioterrorist attack and the impact of public health concerns on bioterrorism preparedness. Witnesses: Bruce Baughman, director, Planning and Readiness, FEMA; Scott Lilibridge, director, Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Program, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Tara O'Toole, Johns Hopkins Center for Civilian Biodefense Studies; Dan Hanfling, FACEP, Inova Fairfax Hospital Location: 342 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 2 p.m. Contact: 202-224-2627

@_date: 2001-07-23 10:18:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: more biochemwomdterror in DC 
(a double-header!)
HOUSE GOVERNMENT REFORM COMMITTEE Biological Weapons National Security, Veterans Affairs and International Relations Subcommittee oversight hearing to focus on federal and state responses to a biological weapons attack within the United States. Witnesses: Frank Keating, governor, OK; Sam Nunn, chairman/CEO, Nuclear Threat Initiative; John Hamre, president/CEO, Center for Strategic and International Studies; Margaret Hamburg, vice president, Biological Programs for the Nuclear Threat Initiative; Jerome Hauer, managing director, Kroll Associates; Major General William Cugno, adjutant general, CT; Major General Ronald Harrison, adjutant general, FL; James Hughes, director, National Center for Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Patricia Quinlisk, medical director/state epidemiologist, Iowa Department of Public Health, former president counsel, State and Territorial Epidemiologists; Jeffrey Duchin, chief, Communicable Disease Control, Epidemiology and Immunization Section, Public Health, Seattle and King County, WA Location: 2154 Rayburn House Office Building. 2:30 p.m. Contact: 202-225-5074

@_date: 2001-07-23 10:51:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: "Free Dmitry" rally in DC, San Jose TODAY; B. Schneier on DMCA 
[Below is from Bruce Schneier  --Declan]
Russian Hacker Arrested
On Monday in Las Vegas, the FBI arrested a Russian computer security researcher, because he presented a paper on the strengths and weaknesses of software used to protect electronic books.  Because of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), which makes publishing critical research on this technology more serious than publishing nuclear weapon design information, Dmitry Sklyarov (age 27) landed in jail.  Just how did the United States of America end up with a law protecting the entertainment industry at the expense of freedom of speech?
I've already written about the DMCA, and the futility of employing technical solutions to prevent digital copying.  The specific DMCA provision at work here is the one which explicitly forbids the invention and distribution of "circumvention devices" and "reverse engineering of document protection."  Basically, it is illegal to break--or show how to break--technology used to protect digital copyright.  If you do, you go to jail (see above).
Technically, the law only protects "effective" copy-protection technology.  This is a wonderful piece of circular logic: surely if is has been broken, then it wasn't effective.  The complaint against Sklyarov sidestepped this problem: "Nevertheless, because the book sold in encrypted form and only accessible through the eBook Reader and is not duplicatable, the copyright holder's interest in the book is protected."  But if that were true, then there would no grounds for the case.
There are also provisions in the DMCA to allow for security research, provisions that I and others fought hard to have included.  But these provisions are being ignored, as we've seen in the DeCSS case against 2600 Magazine, the RIAA case against Ed Felton, and this arrest.
What the DMCA has done is create a new controlled technology.  In the United States there are several technologies that normal citizens are prohibited from owning: lock picks, fighter aircraft, pharmaceuticals, explosives.  (Ignore guns, since the 2nd Amendment makes it impossible to generalize from their example.)  In each of these cases, only people with the proper credentials can legally buy and sell these technologies.  The DMCA goes one step further, though.  Not only are circumvention tools controlled, but information about them are.  2600 Magazine merely described, and linked to implementations of, DeCSS.  Ed Felton  wanted to present a paper on the deficiencies of the RIAA's various watermark schemes.
I attended Dmitry Sklyarov's talk at DefCon.  What he did was legitimate security research.  He determined the security of several popular E-Book reader products and then notified the respective firms of his findings.  His company Elcomsoft published, in Russia, software that circumvented these ineffectual security systems.  His DefCon talk was a clear and evenhanded presentation of the facts.  He said, in effect: "This security is weak, and here's why."  (One particular company he mentioned stored the password in plaintext inside the executable.  So, anyone with Notepad and a few minutes of scrolling could have the book modified for easy distribution.)
The FBI nabbed him at the request of Adobe Systems, Inc. for breaking the security on Acrobat's E-Reader API, and held him without bail.
In 1979, "The Progressive" magazine tried to publish an article containing technical information on H-Bomb design.  The government claimed publication of the would result in "grave, direct, immediate and irreparable harm to the national security of the United States."  After six months of legal maneuvering, they published it.  In 1971, the government tried to prevent "The New York Times" from publishing "The Pentagon Papers."  The Supreme Court promptly voted 6-3 to reject the government's censorship attempt, with chief Justice Warren Burger declaring that "prior restraints on speech and publication are the most serious and least tolerable infringement on First Amendment rights."
Welcome to 21st Century America, where the profits of the major record labels, movie houses, and publishing companies are more important than First Amendment rights.
In many ways, we're seeing the legacy of the NSA's long war against cryptography and cryptographic information.  Until the late 1990s, the NSA the threat of national security to prevent the dissemination of encryption technologies.  When they could, they blocked the publication and dissemination of information.  When that failed, they concentrated on products, using both legal and illegal methods to block encryption software.  Many people believe the NSA's primary rubric, export controls, would not stand up to a constitutional challenge, but it was never tested.  The NSA eventually gave up.
During those debates I was often asked about the NSA's strategy.  Wasn't it doomed?  Yes, it would eventually fail.  But from the NSA's point of view, every day they could delay the failure was a day of victory.  Maybe the Export Control regulations (they were never laws) were unconstitutional.  Maybe preventing publication of this and that was prior restraint.  Maybe pressuring companies to install back doors into their software was illegal.  But if it worked for a while, it was a win.  The NSA was fighting a holding action, and they knew it.
The entertainment industry is behaving in the same way.  The DMCA is unconstitutional, but they don't care.  Until it's ruled unconstitutional, they've won.  The charges against Sklyarov won't stick, but the chilling effect it will have on other researchers will.  The entertainment is fighting a holding action, and fear, uncertainty, and doubt are their weapons.  We need to win this, and we need to win it quickly.  Please support those who are fighting these cases in the courts: the EFF and others.  Every day we don't win is a loss.
Adobe's Technology and Elcomsoft's Products:
Government documents:
EFF support:
News articles:
Thoughtful analyses:
Other DMCA cases:
Protecting Copyright in the Digital World
Every time I write about the impossibility of effectively protecting digital files on a general-purpose computer, I get responses from people decrying the death of copyright.  "How will authors and artists get paid for their work," they ask me.  Truth be told, I don't know.  I feel sort of like the physicist who just explained relativity to a group of would-be interstellar travelers, only to be asked: "How do you expect us to get to the stars, then?"  I'm sorry, but I don't know that, either.
I am a scientist, and I explain the realities of the science.  I apologize if you don't like the truth, but the truth doesn't change because people wish it would be something else.  I don't know how authors and artists will make money in a world of easy copyability.  I'm an author myself, personally concerned about protecting my own copyright, but I don't know.  I can tell you what will and won't work, technically.  You an argue whether my technical analysis is correct, but it just doesn't make sense to bring social arguments into the technical discussion.
If I had to guess, I believe companies will find a way to make money despite the prevalence of digital copying.  When radio was invented, people didn't bemoan the fact that radio signals could be listened to, for free, by any receiver tuned to the proper frequency.  They figured out how to make money some other way.  There are lots of financial models that don't require "selling the each" to make money: advertising, patronage, pay-for-performance, pay-for-timeliness, pay-for-interaction, public funding.  I started Crypto-Gram when I was a consultant; I gave the newsletter away and charged for my time.  The newsletter was free advertising.  The Grateful Dead gave away concert recordings but charged for live performances.  Stephen King kept writing chapters of his book as long as a sufficient percentage of his readers paid him to.
I don't know what model will become the prevalent one in the digital world.  But I do know that technical methods to prevent digital copying are doomed to fail.  (This is not to say that social methods, or legal methods, won't work.)  Those companies that have business models that accept this reality are more likely than those who have business models that reject it.  Whine all you like, but reality is reality.
My original analysis:

@_date: 2001-07-23 14:56:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Killing the 8 Swiss Anarchists 
07:08:25PM +0200
References: <200107210116.VAA06975
Don't be silly. We know from sworn testimony in at least one (probably
two, but my memory fails me) criminal trials that there are a number
of Feds who read cpunks in their official capacities. Whether they
have a sense of humor or not as left as an exercise for the observer.

@_date: 2001-07-23 15:00:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
References:  Don't underestimate institutional bureaucracy or the FBI's
independence. refuse by resigning, but if he simply takes the position that he will
only enforce laws he thinks are constitutional he causes a violation
of one of the fundamental underpinnings of the constitution, that all
people are equal under the law, and that the law is supposed to be
equally applied.
This is wrongheaded and silly. c.f. Reno's announcement that she
would not prosecute under the "no distribution of abortion information"
section of the CDA. Didn't hear anyone screaming then, did ya?

@_date: 2001-07-23 15:16:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: THE INCHOATE LAWYER 
References:  <002901c11331$c69b8250$d2972040
I'll chip in. But can we increase the incentive, perhaps by boosting
the reward if Choate reaches a certain minimum score?  Hmm.
It shouldn't take long for Choate to take it. Just a few hours, I'd imagine.
Not much work, so there's little reason not to do so.

@_date: 2001-07-23 15:19:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: THE INCHOATE LAWYER 
References:  <002901c11331$c69b8250$d2972040 By my count, we now have three or four people willing in principle to
either chip in or refund the ~$100 cost. Depending on details (we'd
require full disclosure, of course), Choate could make up to $300 on this,
after expenses.
That should be sufficient incentive.

@_date: 2001-07-23 15:25:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ information sharing press release 
References: <20010721121947.C7990
 <20010721121947.C7990
Matt, here's something you might be interested in (as might cpunx). --Declan
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT PROVIDES FUNDS TO 26 STATES FOR INFORMATION SHARING DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Monday, July 23, 2001
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT PROVIDES FUNDS TO 26 STATES FOR INFORMATION SHARING          WASHINGTON, D.C.-- Justice Department grants to 26 states totaling more than
$16 million will help them share information across jurisdictional and criminal justice system component lines and lead to improving the way they do business.  The funds will help states link key information systems that include crime and offender information that will lead to better sentencing decisions, enhanced public safety and other benefits derived from more comprehensive, better coordinated criminal justice information systems.
         "For too long, the different arms of the criminal justice system at the federal, state, and local levels have not known what the others were doing," said Office of Justice Programs (OJP) Acting Assistant Attorney General Mary Lou Leary.  "By helping law enforcement, courts, probation and parole agencies, and other components of the criminal justice system to more effectively share information, we will exponentially enhance public          The grants are being made under a program authorized by the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998-more commonly referred to as CITA.  The program is being administered by the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA), a component of OJP, in cooperation with the National Governors' Association's Center for Best Practices.
         In Fiscal Year 2000, BJA and NGA's Center for Best Practices provided Information Integration program planning grants of $25,000 to 42 states and hosted a series of information integration workshops that were attended by representatives of state implementation teams  from 45 states.
         These 26 grants will allow selected states to build on that work and lay the groundwork for future national information integration efforts.
         "Rapid advances in technology have allowed police, prosecutors, courts, and corrections to build impressive information systems," said Leary.  "The key is to allow these systems to share information.  Judges who have reliable up-to-date arrest records will be able to make better sentencing decisions.  In turn, police who have complete information about outstanding warrants and criminal histories will be in a better position to detain dangerous criminals, who do not belong back on the street."
         The projects being funded with the grants being announced today range from $40,000 to $1 million initiatives.  The projects will last between 12 and 24 months and must contribute directly to improving information sharing among all or some of the law enforcement and criminal justice agencies at the state and local levels.
         Additional information about BJA is available at:           Additional information about NGA's Center for Best Practices is available at:
 # # #
BJA 01-164
After Hours Contact: Doug Johnson 202/353-5610 (cell)
Office of Justice Programs (OJP)
BJA/NGA FY 2001 Justice Information Technology
Integration Implementation Project
State   Grantee Award Amount    Contact Phone
AZ      Arizona Criminal Justice Commission     $  230,000      Michael D. Branham      602/728-0752
AR      Arkansas Integrated Justice Information System Coordinating Council     $  910,563      Brenda Barber   501/682-0053
CO      Colorado Department of Public Safety    $  700,000      C. Suzanne Menncer      303/239-4398
CT      The State of Connecticut        $ 705,000       Theron Schnure  860/418-6340
FL      Florida Technology Office       $1,000,000      Roy Cales       850/410-4777
HI      State of Hawaii $1,000,000      Carla T. Poirier        808/586-5330
IL      State of Illinois       $   973,660     Matt Bettenhausen       312/814-2121
KS      Kansas Bureau of Investigation  $   239,000     Charles W. Sexson       785/296-8200
KY      Commonwealth of Kentucky        $1,000,000      Aldona Valicenti        502/564-1201
MD      Maryland Criminal Justice Information Advisory Board    $   460,352     Stewart Simms   410/339-5000
MA      Massachusetts Office of Public Safety   $   850,000     Jane Perlov     617/727-7775
MI      Michigan Department of State Police     $   750,000     Nancy Becker    517/336-6641
MO      State of Missouri       $   510,815     Gerry Wethington        573/526-7741
MT      Montana Department of Justice   $     40,000    Wulbur Rehmann  406/444-6194
NE      State of Nebraska       $   336,200     Michael Overton NJ      New Jersey Dept. of Law and Public Safety       $   350,000     Steven Talpas   609/984-0634
State   Grantee Award Amount    Contact Phone
NM      Supreme Court of New Mexico     $   800,000     Bob Stafford    505/476-0400
NY      New York Division of Criminal Justice Services  $   757,600     Clyde Deweese   518/485-2295
NC      State of North Carolina $   600,000     Robert Brinson  919/716-3501
ND      State of North Dakota   $   310,000     Nancy Walz      701/328-1991
PA      Pennsylvania Justice Network    $   795,000     Linda Rosenberg RI      Rhode Island Justice Commission $   150,000     Joseph Smith    401/222-2620
TN      Tennessee Office for Criminal Justice Programs  $1,000,000      Pat Dishman     615/741-8277
UT      Utah Commission on Criminal and Juvenile Justice        $   650,000     Jennifer Hemingway      801/538-1055
WA      Office of Financial Management  $   495,000     Gary Robinson   360/902-0528
WI      State of Wisconsin      $   739,365     Annette Cruz    608/266-1736

@_date: 2001-07-23 20:35:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: THE INCHOATE LAWYER 
References: <20010723151909.E4090 So far we have at least $450 in pledges, then.
I think the below is interesting, and makes it competitive, with an
85-97 safe harbor for Choate where he neither makes nor loses money.
We could have a cpunx escrow service hold the money while the
competition is taking place. Also, I'd want a way to verify with ETS
directly, but that's just quibbling over the details.
I've deprocmailed Choate for a while.

@_date: 2001-07-23 21:15:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self defence 
References: I second the call for Jim to volunteer his car for projectile testing.
Besides, wasn't the window open?

@_date: 2001-07-23 23:39:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self defence 
References: <00a901c113e0$fbcc0b20$03d36b3f 1. It all depends on where and how it's applied. Give me a scalpel
and I suspect I can kill you with far less than 85 Joules.
2. Even if we dismiss point  above and assume for the same of
argument death was impossible, serious injury, blinding, etc. was
possible. And use of deadly force seems appropriate in cases where
you have a reasonable belief that you're about to be seriously
injured, even crippled.
Although Choate does make one point, and that's the guy getting run
over once or twice. Once I can understand -- the police vehicle
seems like it's up against a wall in the front. Twice seems unusual
and worth an explanation.

@_date: 2001-07-23 23:44:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Adobe, EFF Call for Dmitry Release 
Jon.Beets on Mon, Jul 23, 2001 at 08:41:11PM -0500
References: <200107232344.TAA16445
  <00d101c113e1$b7e03ca0$03d36b3f
Another effect will be companies that wish to take advantage of the
criminal sections of the DMCA will be more likely to cover their
tracks when dealing with the Feds. The next Adobe won't be so quick to
admit they contacted the FBI, for instance.
Or, pace Blacknet, the next company that wants to use DMCA against a
hacker will target the organizers of the protests and blackmail them
anonymously. :)

@_date: 2001-07-24 00:43:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
on Mon, Jul 23, 2001 at 09:26:31PM -0700
References: <200107232344.TAA16445
  <00d101c113e1$b7e03ca0$03d36b3f
  <20010723234429.B16719
Right. The organizing tools available to activists nowadays are
substantial. Free software including email-to-web gateways like
mhonarc, front ends based on Slash, mailing lists running majordomo or
mailman, back ends based on MySQL, launch-and-forget websites running
Linux and Slash -- all these allow programmer-activists to launch
online campaigns in minutes.
But the Feds won't back down as readily as Adobe, I wager. They don't
have to worry about what programmers think, they don't have to worry
about what Wall Street thinks (at least DOJ doesn't), they don't have
to worry about slipping revenue in a soft economy and users turning to
non-Adobe tools. In short, they have a different incentive structure
and it's one where programmer-types are much less
influential. Sklyarov is still in jail, and not one legislator has
called for a repeal of the DMCA (one, perhaps, has criticized it
In my Wired article that will appear tomorrow, I write:
 That leaves the Free-Dmitry contingent wary of celebrating -- and free
 to target the U.S. government, which may not back down to pressure
 from irate programmers as quickly as a firm that's based in the heart
 of Silicon Valley.
At least there's one consolation for Adobe: They're no alone, and can
take a proud if somewhat humbled seat next to Intel and Microsoft. :)

@_date: 2001-07-24 01:11:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
from sandfort on Mon, Jul 23, 2001 at 10:00:30PM -0700
References: <20010724004319.A24508
Here's a prediction: This case will never come close to generating
the same amount of publicity, by at least two orders of magnitude.
Folks on the Net have a bad habit of overemphasizing how important these cases are. This is not important to the people in DC who count.
It has never been mentioned in the WSJ, the Washington Post, the
Washington Times. Even the SJMN -- the hometown paper! -- has been
running largely wire copy in its news coverage. I did a quick L/N
search and the only network/cable TV coverage seems to have been a brief mention on CNN.
Compare that to the kind of publicity the other two cases received,
and there's no contest.
Face it: The DMCA was designed to punish precisely what Elcomsoft
was doing. There's no comparison between that and WHL or RJ.

@_date: 2001-07-24 02:05:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
from sandfort on Mon, Jul 23, 2001 at 10:23:10PM -0700
References: <20010724011157.A25089
True. And I'll agree with you, this time -- I think the Feds
will, in the end, drop this case, if the protests continue.

@_date: 2001-07-24 10:20:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Adobe, EFF Call for Dmitry Release 
on Tue, Jul 24, 2001 at 12:59:01AM -0700
References: <200107232344.TAA16445
  <20010723172526.A39120
Really? Dmitri gets to go home? Tell that to the USAtty's office,
which indicated to me yesterday they weren't inclined to drop charges.
While you're at it, learn a little about criminal law.

@_date: 2001-07-24 12:47:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self defence 
References: <3B5D5D24.D6167FD3 Educational? Only in the study of aberrant thinking.
I confess I've baited Choate more than I care to remember, but I'm not
sure going out of your way to taunt him is particularly educational or
worthwhile. Someone wrote to me yesterday with this note:
"poor guy, i dont think he knows how to handle all the attention...and i
think he will just ignore you guys and let it passby and continue being
himself. too bad, it would in fact be fun to have cpunx mail reduced by
that much."

@_date: 2001-07-24 21:13:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Plan 
morlockelloi on Tue, Jul 24, 2001 at 03:57:41PM -0700
References: <20010724225741.63365.qmail
This is true, of course. It's true in much the same way that a GOP
administration/Congress is good for lefty groups in the sense that
they can raise more money, and the converse when the Dems are in
charge. Setup? Not a chance. The Feds don't like test cases unless they
can win them.
I wrote what I think is an interesting piece that'll be up on Wired
tomorrow about what Congress thinks of the DMCA. Hint: They like it,
and aren't gonna change it.

@_date: 2001-07-24 22:30:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI not as incompetent as recent reports say 
on Tue, Jul 24, 2001 at 06:40:34PM -0700
References: Kallstrom, former head of the NYC office, now well-employed in the
private sector.

@_date: 2001-07-24 23:44:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Even law enforcement hearings in Congress now classified 
Title: 7/24/01 Media Advisory - Coast Guard Drug Interdiction Hearing To Be Closed To Public
U.S. House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
U.S. Rep. Don Young, Chairman
Contact: Steve Hansen (Communications Director) (202) 225-7749
Justin Harclerode (Communications Assistant) (202) 226-8767
July 24, 2001
* Media Advisory *
Coast Guard Drug Interdiction Hearing
To Be Closed To Public
Washington, D.C. - The Thursday afternoon hearing by the U.S. House Subcommittee on the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation regarding the United States' drug interdiction strategy is expected to be closed to the The Subcommittee, chaired by U.S. Rep. Frank LoBiondo (R-NJ), is expected to vote to close the hearing to the public because sensitive law enforcement information will be discussed. Only Committee members, Committee staff, and essential personal staff will be allowed to remain in the hearing room after the hearing is closed.
# # #

@_date: 2001-07-24 23:53:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI not as incompetent as recent reports say 
A broader point can be made as well. The Lee-Hanssen-labtest ancedotes are just that. They may be important, but ancedotes do not by themselves provide evidence of a trend.
To really evaluate the FBI, we'd need data like # of prosecutions, # of prosecutions thrown out of court because of bad evidence, # of employees, # of spies caught, and even more detailed info that would be tricky to collect. TRAC does a reasonable job.
Right. They seem pretty much what they were a decade ago, when I first moved to DC. And even though they may still lack clue, they're nevertheless a lot smarter about computer "crimes" and what happens online. FLETC courses, training manuals, Defcon presentations, etc.

@_date: 2001-07-25 10:24:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Geeks want to "Free Dmitry" -- but Congress says keep him in jail 
Congress No Haven for Hackers
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. July 25, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Even as the world's geeks march against the Digital
   Millennium Copyright Act, key legislators and lobbyists are dismissing
   concerns about the controversial law as hyperbole.
   The law that led to the arrest of Russian programmer Dmitry Sklyarov
   last week and an immediate outcry among programmers continues to enjoy
   remarkably broad support on Capitol Hill. No bill has yet been
   introduced in Congress to amend the DMCA for one simple reason:
   Official Washington loves the law precisely as much as hackers and
   programmers despise it.
   "The law is performing the way we hoped," said Rep. Howard Coble
   (R-North Carolina), chairman of the House Judiciary subcommittee on
   intellectual property.
   The FBI arrested Sklyarov last week in Las Vegas for allegedly
   "trafficking" in software that circumvents the copy protection
   techniques that Adobe uses in its e-book format. Under the DMCA,
   selling such software is a federal felony punishable by up to five
   years in prison and a fine of $500,000.
   "As far as I know there have been very few complaints from
   intellectual property holders," Coble, the chief sponsor of the DMCA,
   said in an interview Tuesday. "I am also encouraged by the Department
   of Justice's actions in this matter to enforce the law."
   When Congress approved the DMCA in October 1998 after about a year's
   worth of little-noticed debate and negotiations, it was hardly a
   controversial bill. The Senate agreed to it unanimously, and a
   unanimous House approved it by voice vote, then bypassed a procedural
   step that would have delayed the DMCA's enactment.
   Since the House procedure says attempts to rewrite copyright law must
   start in Coble's subcommittee, the odds of a DMCA rewrite in Congress'
   lower chamber seem remote.
   Coble's counterpart in the Senate, California Democrat Dianne
   Feinstein, feels the same way.
   "We need to protect copyrights and this law was designed to do that,"
   said Howard Gantman, a spokesman for Feinstein, who chairs the Senate
   Judiciary subcommittee on technology. "She's not looking to change
   it."
   [...]
   But in the world of Washington politics, geektivists are woefully
   outnumbered by the natives who populate and influence confirmation
   hearings: Corporate, nonprofit and trade association lobbyists.
   "We believe that a careful effort was made by Congress to balance the
   rights of intellectual property owners and the rights of intellectual
   property consumers," says Allan Adler, vice president at the
   Association of American Publishers, which applauded Sklyarov's arrest
   last week.
   [...]
   The Free-Dmitry movement argues that programmers should not be
   prosecuted for creating software that can circumvent copyright
   protection -- since such tools have many legitimate uses, such as
   reading an e-book on another computer, as well.
   But DMCA aficionados say there are precedents for broad prohibitions
   on selling devices that can have both legitimate and illegitimate
   uses.
   Current federal law makes it a felony to own, distribute or advertise
   for sale bugging or wiretapping devices that are "primary useful for
   the purpose of surreptitious interception of wire, oral or electronic
   communications." That applies even to parents who might want to
   monitor what their young children are doing, or to other commonplace
   uses.
   You're also not allowed to possess hardware or software such as cell
   phone cloning devices that let you "obtain telecommunications service
   without authorization" -- even if your motives are pure.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-25 11:28:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Choate Prime Physics 
References:   <20010725091000.A13443
My working theory is that Choate is using the assembled, um, wisdom of the cypherpunks as an alternative to classical forms of education (note
I'm not saying he's actually learning anything).
Or, alternatively, Choate is simply a Markov chain that uses the
cypherpunks archives, the U.S. Constitution, and a high school physics
book as its base text.
Perhaps eventually the Book of Choate will become as well known as the Book of Beak:

@_date: 2001-07-25 11:29:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI: Keystone Gmen 
George on Wed, Jul 25, 2001 at 06:55:01AM -0400
References: <200107251055.GAA12283
Answer: Too many!
Moral: Don't post to cypherpunks with a screwy mail {delivery,transport}

@_date: 2001-07-25 16:16:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rep. Boucher says he wants to "Free Dmitry" and amend DMCA 
Rep: Give Fair Use a Fair Shake
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   12:55 p.m. July 25, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Rep. Rick Boucher wants to spring a Russian programmer
   from jail.
   Boucher, a maverick Virginia Democrat, is hoping to rewrite a federal
   law that led FBI agents to arrest Dmitry Sklyarov in Las Vegas,
   Nevada, last week on copyright felony charges.
   "It's a broad overreach to have a person arrested under the federal
   criminal laws simply because they made software that circumvents a
   technological measure," Boucher said. Boucher said his office will
   draft a bill to be introduced later this year.
   The criminal law in question is the Digital Millennium Copyright Act,
   which was obscure enough when Congress enacted it in 1998, but has
   emerged as the one of the most important and far-reaching technology
   regulations. Sklyarov is charged with trafficking in a program to
   bypass Adobe's copy protection for e-books, a federal felony under the
   DMCA.
   "I think the current case adds impetus to the growing effort to
   fashion an amendment to the DMCA that would restore the classic
   balance (of fair use rights)," Boucher said.
   That promises to be anything but a trivial task. Leaders of the House
   and Senate subcommittees that oversee copyright law said Tuesday that
   they would not consider any changes to the DMCA.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-25 16:41:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress in action: Three years for "product tampering" 
Title: Crime Subcommittee Hearing Thursday
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee on the Judiciary
F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Chairman
News Advisory
For immediate release Contact: Jeff Lungren/Terry Shawn
July 25, 2001 (202) 225-2492
Crime Subcommittee Holds Hearing and Markup Thursday
on Consumer Product Tampering Legislation
What: Legislative hearing and markup on H.R. 2621, the
"Consumer Product Protection Act of 2001"
Who: Subcommittee on Crime - Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX), Chairman
When: 2:00 p.m. Thursday, July 26, 2001
Where: 2237 Rayburn House Office Building
Tracey Weaver was preparing her family a New Year's Eve dinner complete with dessert to be made from a box of cheesecake mix she had bought at the local market. When the box was opened, her husband found a coupon for a "Free Trip To Africa". It was really no coupon at all but a demand for all African- Americans to return to Africa and included racial slurs that understandably upset Mrs. Weaver's family. Under current law, tampering with a product's packaging is legal as long as the perpetrator does not cause the labeling to be false or misleading or adulterate the product. This legislation, H.R. 2621, would make tampering with a product's packaging a crime punishable by up to three years in jail.
* Current consumer protection laws cover tampering which endangers the health or safety of consumers or renders the labeling of a product false or * Tampering which does not taint or contaminate the contents or the labeling of a product is not covered under federal criminal law. However, such tampering harms both the consumer and the manufacturer.
* Package tampering has become more and more pervasive; Kraft Foods estimates that they have received nearly 100 complaints in the last five years but that many more cases are not reported to them.
This Legislation will...
* Make knowingly stamping, printing, placing or inserting writing in or on a consumer product prior to its sale a crime with penalties up three years imprisonment and/or a fine of up to $25,000 per offense.
Witnesses: Rep. Melissa Hart (R-PA), sponsor of H.R. 2621; William Macleod, Partner, Collier Shannon Scott, PLLC, on behalf of the Grocery Manufacturers of America; David Zlotnick, Professor, Roger Williams University; and Tracey Weaver, Victim, Leavenworth, Washington.
Terry A. Shawn
Press Secretary
Committee on the Judiciary

@_date: 2001-07-25 17:29:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: GOP legislators to Supremes: Save our anti-Internet porn law! 
The amicus brief to be filed Friday:
Politech archive on the Child Online Protection Act law and lawsuit:
Supreme Court agrees to hear case:
Federal judge rules that COPA violates First Amendment:
Note from Bruce Taylor , who drafted the Summary Of Argument
The Court of Appeals committed clear error in its refusal to narrowly construe the Child Online Protection Act's definition of "Harmful To Minors," 47 U.S.C. ï¿?231 (e)(6), within a constitutionally valid scope and lend the necessary authoritative construction intended by Congress as a limitation on the test for what is "Obscene For Minors" to a constitutionally valid, non-geographic "adult" age community standard, rather than an unconstitutionally territorial geographic community standard. ACLU v. Reno, 217 F.3d 162, 173-78 (3d Cir. 2000), reh. denied Congress enacted COPA with specific recognition of this Court's mandate that the application of obscenity-related tests for separating pornography that may be regulated from First Amendment protected speech depends on the medium. FCC v. Pacifica Foundation, 438 U.S. 726, 750 (1978).
The Congressional intent expressed in its Report of the House Committee on Commerce, H. Rept. No. 105-775, at 28 (1998) (House Report to accompany H.R. 3783, 105th Cong., 2d Sess.), was that COPA was to be adapted to the World Wide Web by using a "new" standard of what the American adult-age community as a whole would find prurient and offensive for minors in the probable recipient age group. The Third Circuit refused to adopt this Congressionally intended customization of the "harmful to minors" test and, by such refusal, interpreted the Act in an unconstitutional fashion. ACLU, 217 F.3d at 178. By doing so, that Court, as had the District Court below, failed in its duty to properly construe this federal statute so as to save it for valid application within constitutional boundaries.
For these reasons, this Court should reverse the decision of the Court of Appeals, and remand the cause to the Third Circuit for a narrowing authoritative construction to guide the District Court in the trial on the Remainder at:

@_date: 2001-07-26 01:15:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
on Wed, Jul 25, 2001 at 06:42:34PM -0700
References: There seem to be three explanations.
1. Tim is having some fun with us. It would be easy for him to do so, and
NIPC (an FBI subagency) has been in the news today, with a WSJ article
this morning posted to the list and a Senate hearing this afternoon.
Tim's written similar things before and posted them straight-faced:
2. Someone is spoofing NIPC email and having fun with Tim.
3. This really did originate from within NIPC and is a major
cypherpunk intelligence find. The WSJ article
( says NIPC has been hit by
Sircam, which scans hard drives for email addresses in documents and
mail archives, according to descriptions I've read. Reports say Sircam
emails working documents (in My Documents or whatnot folder) and this
could have happened.

@_date: 2001-07-26 01:50:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
Thu, Jul 26, 2001 at 01:15:21AM -0400
References:   <20010726011520.A2642
Now that I've actually read through some of what Tim posted, I think
it's clear what it is. Hint: Vatis wasn't in charge of NIPC by June
29, and I don't recall any such hearing, and his reported comments
are a little, well, unusual. --Declan

@_date: 2001-07-26 09:12:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
George on Thu, Jul 26, 2001 at 06:34:56AM +0000
References: <20010726063456.31635.qmail
Yes, clearly I was wrong and this must be the real thing. I urge you
to start an online campaign straightaway!

@_date: 2001-07-26 11:49:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress gives federal bureaucrats 4.6 percent raise 
2. House approves 4.6 percent pay raise The House voted overwhelmingly Wednesday night to give civilian federal employees a 4.6 percent average pay raise next year. On a 334-94 vote, the House passed the $32.7 billion fiscal 2002 Treasury-Postal appropriations bill, (H.R. 2590), which contained language approving the raise. Earlier this week, the Bush administration issued a statement opposing the 4.6 percent increase, arguing that it "would divert critical resources from programs across the government." The administration proposed a 3.6 percent raise for civilian federal employees in its fiscal 2002 budget. Bush has proposed an across-the-board 4.6 percent military raise along with additional targeted raises that would boost increases to between 5 percent and 10 percent for service members, depending on their rank. "I remain hopeful that the administration will drop its insistence on a lower raise for federal workers," Rep. James Moran, D-Va., said in a statement. Military and civilian raises have been equal in 17 of the last 20 years. Click here for related stories and links:

@_date: 2001-07-26 19:44:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Example of confidential email accidentally sent from 
George on Thu, Jul 26, 2001 at 09:48:54PM +0000
References: <20010726214854.3699.qmail
Oh, it's humor. I took it half-seriously until I actually read it through.
True! :)
Same here, but I don't think Tim has changed at all.

@_date: 2001-07-27 01:56:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
References: <200107252313.f6PNDTc00814 <5.1.0.14.0.20010726220131.04f17e30
The DMCA may be bad, but it's not *that* bad. It contains a broad
prohibition against circumvention ("No person shall circumvent a
technological measure that effectively controls access") and then has
a bunch of exceptions.
One of those -- and you can thank groups like ACM for this, if my
legislative memory is correct -- explicitly permits encryption
research. You can argue fairly persuasively that it's not broad
enough, and certainly 2600 found in the DeCSS case that the judge
wasn't convinced by their arguments, but at least it's a shield of
sorts. See below.
PS: Some background on Sklyarov case:
PPS: Note you only get the exemption if you make "a good faith effort
to obtain authorization before the circumvention." Gotta love
Congress, eh?
`(g) ENCRYPTION RESEARCH-
`(1) DEFINITIONS- For purposes of this subsection--
`(A) the term `encryption research' means activities necessary to
identify and analyze flaws and vulnerabilities of encryption
technologies applied to copyrighted works, if these activities are
conducted to advance the state of knowledge in the field of encryption
technology or to assist in the development of encryption products; and
`(B) the term `encryption technology' means the scrambling and
descrambling of information using mathematical formulas or algorithms.
`(2) PERMISSIBLE ACTS OF ENCRYPTION RESEARCH- Notwithstanding the
provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), it is not a violation of that
subsection for a person to circumvent a technological measure as
applied to a copy, phonorecord, performance, or display of a published
work in the course of an act of good faith encryption research if--
`(A) the person lawfully obtained the encrypted copy, phonorecord,
performance, or display of the published work;
`(B) such act is necessary to conduct such encryption research;
`(C) the person made a good faith effort to obtain authorization
before the circumvention; and
`(D) such act does not constitute infringement under this title or a
violation of applicable law other than this section, including section
1030 of title 18 and those provisions of title 18 amended by the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.
`(3) FACTORS IN DETERMINING EXEMPTION- In determining whether a person
qualifies for the exemption under paragraph (2), the factors to be
considered shall include--
`(A) whether the information derived from the encryption research was
disseminated, and if so, whether it was disseminated in a manner
reasonably calculated to advance the state of knowledge or development
of encryption technology, versus whether it was disseminated in a
manner that facilitates infringement under this title or a violation
of applicable law other than this section, including a violation of
privacy or breach of security;
`(B) whether the person is engaged in a legitimate course of study, is
employed, or is appropriately trained or experienced, in the field of
encryption technology; and
`(C) whether the person provides the copyright owner of the work to
which the technological measure is applied with notice of the findings
and documentation of the research, and the time when such notice is
`(4) USE OF TECHNOLOGICAL MEANS FOR RESEARCH ACTIVITIES-
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(2), it is not a
violation of that subsection for a person to--
`(A) develop and employ technological means to circumvent a
technological measure for the sole purpose of that person performing
the acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2);
`(B) provide the technological means to another person with whom he or
she is working collaboratively for the purpose of conducting the acts
of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2) or for
the purpose of having that other person verify his or her acts of good
faith encryption research described in paragraph (2).

@_date: 2001-07-27 12:29:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Privacy rights protected in western Australia 
Western Australian authorities persecute gun owners ---------- Police in West Australia will force gun owners to bring their weapons and ID to police stations in an effort to track down illegal firearms. There's no word yet on how harassing registered and cooperative gun owners will turn up black market guns. (07/26/01)

@_date: 2001-07-27 12:30:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
References: <3B61945E.83878D44
Like I said, I'm not defending the DMCA. I was merely correcting
the fellow who didn't know the exemption (of sorts) existed.

@_date: 2001-07-27 13:12:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
References: <3B61945E.83878D44
 <20010727123053.A20100
Yikes, editors pay me a few dollars a word to research and write this kinda stuff. Why don't you ask for tips and compile them, if you're interested?

@_date: 2001-07-27 13:28:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
References: <3B61945E.83878D44
 <20010727123053.A20100
 <5.0.2.1.0.20010727131105.02099ab0
If you say "Declan, what is the answer to this question?" it is reasonable to conclude you're asking me. I'm happy to participate in debate, but if you want me to perform research, evaluate performance, and compile results, that's closer to real work. TANSTAAFL.

@_date: 2001-07-27 13:53:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Senate should ask FBI nominee Mueller about privacy, EPIC says 
Robert Mueller, FBI director-designate, will be before the Senate Judiciary committee on Monday. EPIC's letter is a worthy effort to raise the topic of privacy, and will (I hope) get Mueller's views in the public record.
EPIC's Marc Rotenberg correctly says that as the first FBI director of the 21st century, Mueller will have access to more sophisticated surveillance technologies than his predecessors. (Carnivore may get the most attention, but I'm more concerned about automated face recognition systems, and I hope that comes up on Monday.)
Background on Robert Mueller, FBI director-designate:
Senate hearing notice:
Politech archive on Carnivore:
Politech archive on Kyllo decision:

@_date: 2001-07-27 14:09:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism + 802.11b access 
on Fri, Jul 27, 2001 at 10:25:42AM -0700
References: <3B61945E.83878D44
  <20010727123053.A20100
Yeah. Felten could have gone forward and almost certainly not been
sued, but his co-authors were far more skittish.
The DMCA inclues another exemption for reverse engineering, but
let's go back to the research one, which really does seem to limit
`(3) FACTORS IN DETERMINING EXEMPTION- In determining whether a person
qualifies for the exemption under paragraph (2), the factors to be
considered shall include--
`(A) whether the information derived from the encryption research was
disseminated, and if so, whether it was disseminated in a manner
reasonably calculated to advance the state of knowledge or development
of encryption technology, versus whether it was whether it was
disseminated in a manner that facilitates infringement under this
title or a violation of applicable law other than this section,
including a violation of privacy or breach of security;

@_date: 2001-07-28 03:32:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
References: <20010728020002.31010.qmail
This is a reasonable post, based on my quick read of it.
The DMCA may be bad, but there are far worse things that Congress could do.
I may write a more detailed analysis tomorrow.

@_date: 2001-07-28 13:29:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: FBI gets cash to spend on anti-encryption, broadband snooping 
According to the report accompanying a spending bill that's awaiting a
    floor vote in the Senate:
      * The FBI will receive an extra $7 million for technology to thwart
        encryption. The appropriations committee intends for it to be
        spent on: "(1) analysis/exploitation of systems to allow access to
        data pre-encryption, (2) recognition/decryption of data hidden in
        plain sight, and (3) decryption of encrypted data."
      * Another $7 million goes to a plan to improve "intercept
        capabilities." The fed-speak for this is "developing broadband
        capabilities, and procuring prototypes capable of intercepting
        transmissions outside of the FBI's technical reach." Translation:
        Create better ways to eavesdrop on cable modems and DSL
        connections.
      * Antitrust enforcement gets a boost. The division, best known
        recently for its dogged pursuit of Microsoft, receives $3.6
        million extra, but $10 million less than the Bush administration
        requested. The committee predicts a slew of mergers because of
        "the collapse of high technology stocks, and the resultant
        downward pressure on all stock prices."
      * Las Vegas, St. Louis, Charleston and Kansas City will split $6
        million earmarked for gun surveillance technology. The plan is to
        spend it on acoustic sensors scattered around downtown areas so
        the location of a gunshot can be triangulated and located.

@_date: 2001-07-28 15:42:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress is more than doubling number of federal copyright cops 
Congress Covets Copyright Cops
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. July 28, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- If you've ever contemplated violating the Digital
   Millennium Copyright Act, be warned: Congress is set to more than
   double the number of federal copyright cops.
   A draft of next year's budget includes plans to hire far more Justice
   Department attorneys and FBI agents who are charged with placing more
   pirates in prison.
   This comes one week after Attorney General John Ashcroft spoke in
   Mountain View, California, about the threat of online piracy. In the
   same week, geek protesters demanded the release of Dmitry Sklyarov, a
   Russian programmer arrested on felony copyright charges.
   That's exactly what should be happening, according to a Senate
   committee report. In an apparent reference to the prosecution, it
   says: "The committee is aware that the FBI has launched an initiative
   to investigate violations of federal copyright laws protecting certain
   marketed software applications. The committee supports FBI efforts..."
   The Senate has earmarked $10 million for copyright prosecutions,
   enough money for 155 agents and attorneys in the fiscal year starting
   in October. That's up from a current $4 million allocated for 75
   positions.
   Copyright holders, who applauded the prosecution of Sklyarov on
   charges of violating the controversial DMCA, said they hoped the
   additional cash will put more DMCA pirates and copyright thieves
   behind bars.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-07-28 20:51:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: U.K. anti-terrorism law imperils hackers, privacy, property 
U.K. Anti-Terrorism Law Imperils Hackers, Privacy
   posted by cicero on Saturday July 28,    from the how-nice-that-hackers-are-covered-too dept.
   A U.K. law that took effect this year gives police far-ranging powers
   to make warrantless arrests, enter buildings without court orders, and
   punish people for having information that could be useful to
   terrorists.
   The measure, called the Terrorism Act of 2000, received royal assent
   in July 2000. It became law in February 2001.
   Parliament, after lengthy debate, defined "terrorism" as any threat to
   influence any government (U.K. or other) or group "for the purpose of
   advancing a political, religious or ideological cause." Actions that
   are punishable include those that threaten or carry out "serious
   damage to property," endanger public safety, or are are "designed
   seriously to interfere with or seriously to disrupt an electronic
   system."
   If you think that covers hackers, well, you're right. And it's no
   accident.
   A ZDNET article reports that: "Computer hackers could be classed as
   terrorists under a U.K. law." So does this Register writeup.
   An IDG article in February confirmed that the Home Office plans to
   prosecute hackers under the Terrorism Act.
   Unfortunately, the reporter never mentioned some of the more
   disturbing aspects of the law.
   It allows police to randomly stop people on streets, who are then
   required to give their names (so much for anonymity) or go to prison.
   Cops can seize any cash that they believe "is intended to be used for
   the purposes of terrorism," with no court authorization required. Gone
   is the traditional burden of proof: Judges are required to assume that
   contraband in the same building as the accused is owned by the accused
   "unless he proves that he did not know of its presence on the premises
   or that he had no control over it."
   Perhaps the most fascinating section restricts even owning information
   that could be useful to "a person committing or preparing an act of
   terrorism." If hackers are terrorists, better delete your copy of Back
   Orifice and bugtraq archives now.
   This Draconian law can be explained by the uneasy situation in
   Northern Ireland, which has been marked by recent car bombs and
   grenade attacks reportedly performed by IRA factions. (The law is,
   according to the Home Office, designed to be one uniform measure "to
   replace the existing, separate pieces of temporary legislation for
   Northern Ireland and Great Britain.")
   Americans, be warned. Congress is spending more and more time talking
   about bio-chem, Internet, and nuclear attacks. Soon you could be
   facing the same invasions of privacy and property.
   At least the spirit of John Locke isn't completely dead in his native
   land.
   "The legislation which gives the authorities extra powers should have
   to be renewed by parliament regularly rather than being permanent
   legislation. The definition of terrorism is also far too wide, in
   spite of significant efforts by Liberal Democrats and others in
   parliament to improve it," Simon Hughes, Liberal Democrat Shadow Home
   Secretary, said in a statement. The Liberal Democrats are the third
   largest political party.
   In a discussion on a U.K. mailing list, Ross Anderson of Cambridge
   University said that the law was written so broadly that it could
   imperil his computer security work. Predicted Anderson: "So now we
   know. We are all terrorists now!"
   Another list member chimed in: "So interfering with an electronic
   system in order to advance a political cause seems to me to be
   covered, or at least it could be argued that it was covered. Is
   defacing a website 'terrorism?' Or distributing a stupid word macro by
   email? It looks as if, had the 'love bug' mail message contain a
   political or religious slogan it could be defined as terrorism by this
   standard.
   Below are some excerpts from the law. You can find the complete text
   at  and a
   protest site at      _________________________________________________________________
EXCERPTS FROM TERRORISM ACT:
Arrest of suspected terrorists power of entry.  81. A constable may
enter and search any premises if he reasonably suspects that a
terrorist, within the meaning of section 40(1)(b), is to be found
Terrorist information.  103. - (1) A person commits an offence if- (a)
he collects, makes a record of, publishes, communicates or attempts to
elicit information about a person to whom this section applies which
is of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing
an act of terrorism, or (b) he possesses a document or record
containing information of that kind.
Arrest without warrant.  41. - (1) A constable may arrest without a
warrant a person whom he reasonably suspects to be a terrorist.  (2)
Where a person is arrested under this section the provisions of
Schedule 8 (detention treatment, review and extension) shall apply.
Search of persons.     43. - (1) A constable may stop and search a
person whom he reasonably suspects to be a terrorist to discover
whether he has in his possession anything which may constitute
evidence that he is a terrorist.
Power to stop and search
Authorisations.     44. - (1) An authorisation under this subsection
authorises any constable in uniform to stop a vehicle in an area or at
a place specified in the authorisation and to search [vehicle, driver,
passenger, etc.]
Possession onus of proof.  77. - (1) This section applies to a trial
on indictment for a scheduled offence where the accused is charged
with possessing an article in such circumstances as to constitute an
offence under any of the enactments listed in subsection (3).
      (2) If it is proved that the article-
  (a) was on any premises at the same time as the accused, or
  (b) was on premises of which the accused was the occupier or which he
habitually used otherwise than as a member of the public,
the court may assume that the accused possessed (and, if relevant,
knowingly possessed) the article, unless he proves that he did not
know of its presence on the premises or that he had no control
over it.
Explosives inspectors.  85. - (1) An explosives inspector may enter
and search any premises for the purpose of ascertaining whether any
explosive is unlawfully there.  (2) The power under subsection (1) may
not be exercised in relation to a dwelling.
Power of entry.  90. - (1) An officer may enter any premises if he
considers it necessary in the course of operations for the
preservation of the peace or the maintenance of order.
Penalties.  22. A person guilty of an offence under any of sections 15
to 18 shall be liable- (a) on conviction on indictment, to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 14 years, to a fine or to both,
or (b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
six months, to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum or to both.
Seizure and detention.  25. - (1) An authorised officer may seize and
detain any cash to which this section applies if he has reasonable
grounds for suspecting that- (a) it is intended to be used for the
purposes of terrorism,
Weapons training.  54. - (1) A person commits an offence if he
provides instruction or training in the making or use of-
  (a) firearms,
  (b) explosives, or
  (c) chemical, biological or nuclear weapons.
It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under this
section in relation to instruction or training to prove that his
action or involvement was wholly for a purpose other than assisting,
preparing for or participating in terrorism.
Collection of information.     58. - (1) A person commits an offence if-
  (a) he collects or makes a record of information of a kind likely to
be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism, or
  (b) he possesses a document or record containing information of that
    (2) In this section "record" includes a photographic or electronic record.
    (3) It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under
this section to prove that he had a reasonable excuse for his action
or possession.
Power to stop and question. 89. - (1) An officer may stop a person
for so long as is necessary to question him to ascertain-
(a) his identity and movements;
(b) what he knows about a recent explosion or another recent
incident endangering life;
(c) what he knows about a person killed or injured in a recent
explosion or incident.
(2) A person commits an offence if he-
(a) fails to stop when required to do so under this section,
(b) refuses to answer a question addressed to him under this section, or
(c) fails to answer to the best of his knowledge and ability a
question addressed to him under this section.
(3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard
(4) In this section "officer" means-
(a) a member of Her Majesty's forces on duty, or
(b) a constable.

@_date: 2001-07-28 22:39:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI Scarfs up Scarfo's PGP passphrase, Federal Court Case 
bill.stewart on Sat, Jul 28, 2001 at 05:21:16PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20010728171526.032cd350
The Scarfo case came up last December. Here's the background:

@_date: 2001-07-29 02:16:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sham FBI conference used as cover for party for Ruby Ridge agent 
Washington Times
July 26, 2001
Sham FBI conference used as cover for party By Jerry Seper
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
?????Senior FBI executives scheduled a sham conference at the bureau's
Virginia training academy to allow colleagues to attend at taxpayers'
expense a 1997 retirement party for a top FBI official, an internal report
shows. ?????While the "Integrity in Law Enforcement" conference was later found to
have been cover for senior FBI managers to obtain improper reimbursements
for personal travel to Washington, no one was disciplined other than to
receive letters of censure.
?????Similar actions by rank-and-file FBI agents would have led to their
?????The report was given last week to Senate investigators looking into
recent FBI mismanagement and questions concerning such investigations as
the Timothy McVeigh case and the arrest as a spy of agent Robert P. Hanssen.
?????More than 140 persons, including as many as nine FBI executives and
special-agents-in-charge (SACs) of bureau field offices, attended the Oct.
9, 1997, party in Arlington for veteran agent Larry A. Potts, while only
five persons showed up for the Oct. 10, 1997, conference in Quantico, Va.,

@_date: 2001-07-29 22:06:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
Politechnicals may remember that Attorney General Ashcroft personally approved my subpoena in the Jim Bell case. Federal prosecutor Robb London threatened to subpoena other reporters writing about developments in U.S. v. Bell (such as interviewing the defendant) in an apparent and reprehensible attempt to dissuade them from covering the trial. Background:
Other coverage of this case:
Excerpt from USA Today article:
I thought that the politech mailing list would be interested in this. If you have already discussed please disregard.
Also please keep this mailbox anon if you post it.
Thanks for your great work!

@_date: 2001-07-31 01:09:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
References: That's pretty much what happened.
Your hypothetical wouldn't have changed the legal fight.

@_date: 2001-07-31 17:37:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ press conf on DNA analysis 
TUESDAY, JULY 31, 2001
(202) 514-2007
ATTORNEY GENERAL ASHCROFT TO HOLD NEWS CONFERENCE REGARDING IMPLEMENTATION OF THE DNA ANALYSIS BACKLOG ELIMINATION ACT OF 2000
         WASHINGTON, D.C.-- Attorney  General John Ashcroft will hold a news conference regarding the implementation of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 TOMORROW, Wednesday, August 1st, at 12:15 p.m. in the Attorney General's conference room on the fifth floor at Main Justice.  A background briefing conducted by Department staff will follow in the Public Affairs conference room on the first floor.
TIME:   12:15 p.m., TOMORROW, August 1st
EVENT:  Attorney General News Conference
PLACE:  Main Justice
         950 Pennsylvania Ave., NW
         Attorney General's Conference Room
Reporters interested in attending the press conference should enter the Department through the 950 entrance on Pennsylvania Avenue, between 9th and 10th Streets, NW, no earlier than 11:15 a.m.

@_date: 2001-06-06 10:01:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Ed Felten and researchers sue RIAA, DOJ over right to publish 
DMCA-related photos:
EFF document archive:
    Code-Breakers Go to Court
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    6:22 a.m. June 6, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- After a team of academics who broke a music-watermarking
    scheme bowed to legal threats from the recording industry and chose
    not to publish their research in April, they vowed to "fight another
    day, in another way."
    On Wednesday, Ed Felten of Princeton University and seven other
    researchers took their fight to a New Jersey federal court in a
    lawsuit asking that they be permitted to disclose their work at a
    security conference this summer.
    Joining them is the Usenix Association, a 26-year-old professional
    organization that has accepted Felten's paper for its 10th security
    symposium in Washington during the week of Aug. 13. The Electronic
    Frontier Foundation is representing the researchers and Usenix.
    In what appears to be the first legal challenge to the Digital
    Millennium Copyright Act's criminal sections, Usenix is asking the
    court to block the Justice Department from prosecuting the conference
    organizers for allowing the paper to be presented.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-06-06 18:07:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: NY cops arrest high schoolers over web site with sex 
honig on Tue, Jun 05, 2001 at 07:40:39PM -0700
References: <3.0.6.32.20010605175746.007fdc10
  <3.0.6.32.20010605194039.007f6b70
With some very narrow exceptions, such as obscenity and child pornography,
publishing information is not and should not be a crime. It may spark
civil suits, but not criminal prosecutions.
Not that I'm biased, or anything. :)

@_date: 2001-06-06 18:09:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
from sandfort on Wed, Jun 06, 2001 at 11:15:34AM -0700
References: <200106061727.NAA26370
Quite right. We'd even immortalize the moment!

@_date: 2001-06-06 18:10:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: EFF Files Anti-DCMA Lawsuit 
aluger on Wed, Jun 06, 2001 at 11:57:51AM -0800
References: <200106061858.LAA29785
Choate might also want to read the far-more-descriptive posts that
others on the list have made on this topic hours before. Sigh.

@_date: 2001-06-07 09:21:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: NY cops arrest high schoolers over web site with sex details 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010605175746.007fdc10  <3.0.6.32.20010605194039.007f6b70 <20010606180712.D30820 <9fmn6n$6d8$1
Yep, you're right. The DMCA's criminal portions do interfere with my publishing-should-not-be-a-crime worldview. Therefore we should get rid of them. :)

@_date: 2001-06-07 09:22:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Incompetent posts by fool at prison.net 
References: <3B1EE6C8.D47308A9 When preparing text to send out to Politech, I usually use lynx
to grab it from web sites. Seems to work nicely.

@_date: 2001-06-07 09:49:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "The People's Genome Celebration" 
News conference on the eve of the People's Genome Celebration to announce a new effort to pass legislation banning genetic discrimination in the work place and in health insurance. Participants: Sen. Thomas Daschle, D-S.D.; Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter, D-N.Y.; Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn.; Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, chairman, Agriculture Committee=; Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass.;Rep. Constance Morella, R-Md.; Dr. Francis Collins, director,National Human Genome Research Institute and David Escher, alleged target of genetic discrimination at the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway Company Location: S-211, U.S. Capitol. 10 a.m. Contact: Molly Rowley, 202-224-2939 or Becky Bailey, 202-225-3615

@_date: 2001-06-07 12:00:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
References:  Yeah, that was sort of annoying.
Is it cyberpass.net that does it? Or lne.com (to which I'm subscribed)?

@_date: 2001-06-09 12:48:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References:  Really? It always struck me as that this list was a lot more about
vanity than getting things done. :)

@_date: 2001-06-09 13:07:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Ashcroft tells Congress he'll take hard line on porn, piracy 
Excerpts from hearing transcript:
   Ashcroft's Hard Line on Hardcore
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. June 9, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Look out, Internet sextrepreneurs: John Aschroft wants
   you to serve hard time.
   In explicit terms, the attorney general told Congress this week that
   hardcore sex sites would no longer be selling peeks at
   balloon-breasted babes.
   "I am concerned about obscenity and I'm concerned about obscenity as
   it relates to our children," Ashcroft said in his first appearance
   before the House Judiciary Committee.
   He said Justice Department prosecutors would help state officials
   imprison sex-site operators that feature obscene images: "We try to be
   especially accommodating to local law enforcement to assist them, and
   I would think that would be an objective of ours in this respect."
   A number of Republicans asked Ashcroft to pledge to prosecute raunch
   and ribaldry, but Rep. Bob Goodlatte of Virginia -- who also,
   unbelievably, is co-chair of the Internet Caucus -- was the most
   persistent.
   "The failure of the (Clinton) administration to enforce those laws has
   led to a proliferation of obscenity, both online and off," Goodlatte
   said. "And I am particularly concerned about the safety of our
   children on the Internet, where they're subjected to child pornography
   and solicitation in a massive way."
   [...]

@_date: 2001-06-10 10:01:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
References: <20010608055917.55314.qmail
I have never programmed in VB, though I have written machine code.
Nowadays I do my work in Perl with some C and am quite happy. That said, I suspect you can craft some useful programs in VB, and if it
speeds development time without greatly influencing running time, why not
do it? I'm too cranky to get religious about these things any more.

@_date: 2001-06-10 10:04:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
References:   <20010609124809.A26560 <3B234DEE.4D2C44CD
PRZ told me last week he was working on (and I put this in my Wired article)
PGPfone in Java. You may want to compare notes.

@_date: 2001-06-10 10:08:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unsu-s-r-b- Funkymonkey323@cs.com 
References: <67.152eb463.28527f41
Any chance of adding "uns-b-c-i-e" in the Subject: or body to majordomo's
verboten-words list?

@_date: 2001-06-10 13:27:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "This Is Your Brain On Cow" 
Not surprisingly, the mad cow scare has gone underground and spawned a fan club that professes to live on the edge. Club members usually wear black, go to all-night clubs in Greenwich Village, and demonstrate courage by doing a line of cocaine. The new fad is a line of spine that involves inhaling through the nostrils a line of pulverized, powdered spine ostensibly from a really mad-cow cow. So pervasive is this practice that New York health officials have launched a television campaign called "This Is Your Brain On Cow," showing hapless young men and women braying at the moon.
In a less dramatic manner some restaurants are simply adding a note of intrigue to expensive, bland menus. For example in Japan blowfish is considered a delicacy. However, it must be cooked properly or the consumer could die a very painful death.
A similar practice is currently the rage in England where enterprising, risk-taking upper-class families actually seek out suspect meat for the Sunday roast claiming their pedigree will protect them.

@_date: 2001-06-10 21:46:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Environmentalists try federalism approach 
Environmentalists said the administration was preventing California from deciding for itself how best to protect the public health and clean air and drinking water supplies.

@_date: 2001-06-11 21:24:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <200106111408.KAA09170 Nobody's holding a gun to your head and telling you to configure your
servers in a certain way.
ORBS is a reputation-publishing tool. Extremely cypherpunkish. One wonders
why Choate is even on this list instead of commie-privacy-lefty-punks instead.

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:13:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <20010611212454.A2185 I see I was unclear.
I never said ORBS is an *accurate* reputation-publishing tool. I have
never said it was entirely focused on spammers. I have never said I
uncritically accept it or use it on the machines for which I am responsible.*
But it is, nevertheless, beyond question that ORBS and its progeny
allow their operators to broadcast their views about what they think
about some certain network addresses or domains. If they go too far
and are too zealous, the market will move toward a better solution.
Like I said, very cypherpunkly.
* In fact, I wrote earlier this year: Slashdot ran a thought-provoking
piece not so long ago about how anti-spam measures (that I have long
endorsed) like the RBL and its progeny are moving from blackholing
spammers to blackholing sites with software that *could be used* to
spam. While that's a private activity, it's treading the same path
that Rep. Bob Goodlatteis with his plan to criminalize software that
could be used to send bulk messages. At least the RBL is limited by
market pressures: If it goes too far, ISPs will stop using it. But
while free markets are the best way we've found yet to order society,
they're hardly perfect, and RBL could overreact and restrict some
folks who are undeserving in the interim.

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:13:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SCOTUS rulz! (fwd) 
References:  <00a101c0f2e9$9a18eb40$05fcb018
Yes, there's that Scalia, the well-known pinko commie.

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:49:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References:  The only black hole in this conversation are the Choatian posts.
ORBS/RBL/etc. in principle are making statements about what they
believe about other people. This is similar to movie or book reviewing.
People may read my review and stay away from a movie/book, just as they
read an ORBS/RBL/MAPS "review" and stay away from certain addresses.

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:50:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <20010611212454.A2185 Here's some background on ORBS etc.

@_date: 2001-06-12 01:58:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <20010612004951.D4347 ORBS/MAPS/etc. "participate" by connecting to and reviewing sites,
much like I go out to and watch movies to review.
As usual, Choate fails to grasp the point. I am not saying anyone
has a duty to "help them." In fact, as I said in an earlier post, I'm not sure I even agree with
what they're doing. But I do believe they have a right to publish
their reviews of mail relays, just as I have the right to publish
movie reviews -- even if you disagree with what I say in them.
To tell them not to speak their mind about you is censorship no less
than if you attempt to force me not to speak my mind about that
rather awful Operation: Swordfish movie.

@_date: 2001-06-12 09:17:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <20010612015813.A11736 Huh? If theyr'e checking to see if you're running an open relay or
harboring spammers, both can be verified ("reviewed") without too much
No, I'm explicitly stating that you don't.
Libel laws are tricky things -- as a tool of the rich, they are often used
to stifle speech. But if they're libeling you, try to sue them. But it
seems to me this isn't the main complaint being circulated against them
around here.
Amusing. Last time I got a veiled death threat was when I wrote about

@_date: 2001-06-12 09:20:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References:  The analogy's not perfect, but analogies never are. If you don't like what "spam critics" are doing, move to a different ISP.

@_date: 2001-06-12 09:21:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
jya on Tue, Jun 12, 2001 at 08:58:36AM -0700
References: <200106121259.IAA00840
I noodled over this in my article:

@_date: 2001-06-12 09:43:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
Tue, Jun 12, 2001 at 09:21:16AM -0400
References: <200106121259.IAA00840
  <20010612092116.D2234
BTW John your cryptome.org writeup says: "This decisions appears to be
applicable to TEMPEST technology, the first instance to make use of
this technology illegal."
I'm not sure that's accurate.
First, this is a Fourth Amendment case, and the court only decided what limits should be placed on police, not private citizens.
Second, the ruling would allow TEMPEST monitoring by police if they
get a warrant. No reading of it would ban police TEMPEST surveillance
outright, and warrants are not that difficult to get.

@_date: 2001-06-12 20:10:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <20010612092013.C2234 If you're listed on their naughtysiteslist, then route your mail
through some other system that isn't.
Or complain to the naughtysiteslist reviewer.
Or launch a boycott of the reviewer.
But don't try to say the reviewer somehow does not have the right to
tell other people what he thinks about you.

@_date: 2001-06-12 20:12:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
palerider on Tue, Jun 12, 2001 at 03:24:23PM
  -0000
References: <20010612152423.23176.qmail
No, I understand the point. We simply disagree. If you're on ORBS' nastysitelist, then you have a few choices:
* Work it out with ORBS
* Tell the site with which you want to communicate to override ORBS
* Boycott ORBS
* etc.

@_date: 2001-06-12 20:14:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS 
References: Right. It's a cost-benefit analysis.
Bob may pick up some of Alice's bad blocks, and there's a cost to that.
But if the benefit of spam reduction outweighs the possibly-minimal
cost, well, Bob's got a good thing going and he's quite happy to continue
with that practice.

@_date: 2001-06-13 09:27:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
References: <20010612091708.B2234
Typically, you misunderstand a vigorous defense of someone's right to publish certain information with endorsement of the information published. Also typically, in a Choatian sense, you erroneously conflate speech with The rest is blather and not worth responding to.

@_date: 2001-06-14 11:27:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Why we don't use digital cash 
[Digital cash inventor David Chaum filed for his first patent in this
area on June 25, 1982. The suite begins to expire in 2002, with an
important patent expiring in 2005. Seems as though we'll have to wait
'til then to see truly anonymous digital cash. For now, we're stuck
with PayPal and credit cards. Sigh. --Declan]
   Digging Those Digicash Blues
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. June 14, 2001 PDT
   BALTIMORE -- For the last six years, Robert Hettinga has been
   agitating, begging and pleading for the world to listen to his
   ambitious plans for digital money.
   Like any savvy techno-evangelist, Hettinga coined a name for his idea
   -- digital bearer certificates -- and envisions a day when Internet
   users can withdraw electronic cash by simply typing in an ATM card
   number and their PIN.
   To bolster his campaign, Hettinga launched the Digital Commerce
   Society of Boston, co-founded the Financial Cryptography conference,
   and has become a fixture on mailing lists devoted to cryptography and
   security. DCSB has even birthed offspring: On Tuesday, Hettinga came
   to Baltimore to speak at the inaugural meeting of a new sister
   chapter.
   But six years, five Financial Cryptography conferences and thousands
   of e-mail missives later, Hettinga has been almost entirely
   unsuccessful in attracting serious interest in his ideas.
   His two-year-old Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation missed the
   ready capital of the online boom. It has attracted only $160,000 in
   funding, and has done about $100,000 of consulting work so far.
   "Quite frankly, the dot-com money has gone away," says Hettinga, 42.
   "We're also running over ground that CyberCash, DigiCash and a lot of
   other people have burned."
   Incinerated would be closer to the truth. The electronic cash
   landscape is littered with the looted corpses of companies that tried
   and failed to compete with credit cards for online purchases.
   True digital cash that's as anonymous, as privacy-protected and as
   cheap as the humble greenback seems to be one of those technologies
   that pundits laud and technologists adore, but markets stubbornly fail
   to adopt.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-06-14 15:28:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TIME.com: Nation -- Supreme Court: Relax. The Heat is Off 
from dog3 on Thu, Jun 14, 2001 at 10:05:12AM -0400
References: <200106140038.UAA06414
This note below by "cubic-dog" is nonsense.
The Suprmee Court explicitly ruled this week that "this type of
surveillance" is *not* permitted without a warrant because it is invasive.

@_date: 2001-06-14 15:33:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan misses the mark on ecash 
References: <20010614190021.32578.qmail
Right, it was an attempt to describe "cut and choose" in three
sentences or so. It's a news article, not a technical paper. Deal.
The point of that section of the article was to talk about available
patents. Wagner's scheme appears to reply on Chaum's (original)
patents, so it wasn't relevant.

@_date: 2001-06-14 18:52:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan misses the mark on ecash 
References: <20010614220004.25293.qmail
Yeah, "appears to be unpatented." Right. Whatever.
You can take that anonymous claim to the bank.

@_date: 2001-06-14 19:01:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Funeral Dirge for Ecash 
References: <200106141930.f5EJUZF20413
Okay, I am starting to think that my description was not entirely
perfect. It was reworked on the phone late last night by a copy editor
who didn't understand the original wording (but I'm not trying to
assign blame, since she read me her edited version back on the phone
and I probably should have objected).
I'll spend more time on this section in my next piece.
Or the bank could require 999,999 transactions and prosecute for fraud
if they're getting hoodwinked.  Or, as you say, limit the

@_date: 2001-06-14 21:47:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Ex-GOP senator's wife pleads to email attack campaign 
Ex-GOP Senator's Wife Pleads to Email Attack Campaign
   posted by Declan (declan at well.com) on Thursday June 14,    The wife of a U.S. senator who unsuccessfully ran for re-election in
   2000 plead "no contest" on Thursday to charges of using a pseudonym to
   send email messages that disparaged her husband's Democratic rival.
   Minnesota prosecutors charged Christine Gunhus, who married former
   Republican senator Rod Grams after working on his campaign, with
   violating state criminal laws. Grams' rival, Democratic-Farmer-Labor
   candidate Mike Ciresi, had filed a complaint under the Minnesota Fair
   Campaign Practices Act.
   The risks of using technology you don't completely understand and that
   could leak your identity are worth noting:
   * Gunhus is accused of using a Hotmail account (Katie Stevens --
   kylomb at hotmail.com) to send the disparaging email messages, which
   talked about how Ciresi had represented corporate polluters and
   anti-union companies. But Hotmail includes an X-Originating-IP: header
   that shows the IP address of the sender -- a problem if you're typing
   it from the opposing campaign's computer!
   * Prosecutors say they traced the IP address back to an AT&T WorldNet
   user who repeatedly used the "Katie Stevens" Hotmail account by
   connecting from Gunhus' home number. (Guess they keep Caller ID logs.)
   Apparently the person using the "Katie Stevens" pseudonym was smart at
   first, sending the mail from a Kinko's store, but then got sloppy.
   * The email attacks included Microsoft Word attachments, which a
   Ciresi aide investigated. The aide found that Word listed the document
   authors as Grams staffers including -- you guessed it -- Christine
   Gunhus.
   * Democratic researchers reported that they found Globally Unique
   Identifiers (GUIDs) in the Word documents. The GUID includes the
   Ethernet MAC address. Prosecutors last August obtained a search
   warrant to seize Gunhus' computer, from which they could extract the
   MAC address if the Ethernet card was still the same.
   * Let's not forget the political risk. In an article in the
   Minneapolis Star-Tribune on the pseudonymous mail campaign last year,
   the Grams campaign offered a remarkably narrow denial. A spokesman
   hedged: "We didn't put this together and send it out of the Grams
   campaign office," leaving open the question of whether it was sent by
   a campaign worker from another location.
   * And what about the legal risk to free speech? The Minnesota Civil
   Liberties Union reasonably argues that a criminal law that bans
   sending pseudonymous messages is unconstitutional. A Supreme Court
   decision, McIntyre v. Ohio Elections Commission
   ( says that a
   prohibition on the distribution of anonymous campaign literature
   violates the First Amendment. The state law seems to be ecumenical in
   its application: A Republican has used it to attack the Sierra Club
   (
   Epilogue: Grams managed to derail his Democratic rival's primary bid,
   and Ciresi did not win his party's nomination. Even though Grams lost
   the general election in the fall, that hasn't halted his political
   ambitions. The Washington Times reported on April 13 that Grams is
   reportedly considering a challenge in 2002 to U.S. Senator Paul
   Wellstone, a liberal Democrat.
     _________________________________________________________________
   Slate articles from last year on the pseudonymous attacks:
         City Pages article from last year:
      AP article on the "no contest" plea this week:

@_date: 2001-06-16 14:10:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ex-GOP senator's wife pleads to email attack campaign 
References: <20010614214819.C12530
 <20010614214819.C12530
Matt: That's a good point, and I should have highlighted it in my article.
No, she's not alleged to have said anything that was untrue. If she did, Ciersi could have sued for libel rather than relying on the state to prosecute.

@_date: 2001-06-18 10:20:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ex-GOP senator's wife pleads to email attack campaign 
Interesting. BTW the state appears to be claiming that they took care of the _McIntyre_ problems by rewriting the statute post-decision to only apply to pseudonymous/anonymous messages written by someone affiliated with a campaign.
So in other words, you could write stuff under a nym, but someone on the campaign staff could not.
(Note I'm not saying this makes the statute constitutional, but that it's not as broad as it could be.)

@_date: 2001-06-18 11:20:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim Bell update 
Jim Bell may have been convicted of intimidating an IRS agent, but the world's most notorious crypto-convict remains undaunted. Bell sent Wired News a copy of his latest legal filings, which include a renewed attempt to fire his court-appointed attorney and a request for an appeal of his conviction to the Supreme Court. Bell is the anarcho-cypherpunk whose political propagandizing and authorship of the "Assassination Politics" essay drew the unwelcome attention of the feds and led to his conviction in April on two of five counts of stalking government agents. He couldn't persuade the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to overturn his ruling, so now Bell's taking his fight to the nation's highest court. A legal filing in U.S. District Court and the appeals court that Bell wrote from federal prison says that U.S. District Judge Jack Tanner "was essentially incapable of conducting any sort of complete, proper, 'by the book' hearing, from the looks of things." During the trial, Tanner denied all of Bell's requests for witnesses that Bell said would have illuminated unlawful surveillance on the part of government officials.

@_date: 2001-06-23 14:43:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: No panties? 
20, 2001 at 09:11:09AM -0700
References: <3B30CB1C.CFB45911
I can confirm that Jeff Gordon is not Blanc Weber:
For instance, there is no reliable evidence that Jeff Gordon wears
panties, though it is clear that he's far more of an avid reader of
cypherpunks than Ms. Weber:

@_date: 2001-06-23 14:46:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: eBay: Burn DVD movies onto CD? 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010620151625.00844d10 <3.0.6.32.20010620092202.00841a70 <200106160737.DAA09826 <3.0.6.32.20010620092202.00841a70 <20010620150239.C1065 <3.0.6.32.20010620151625.00844d10 <20010620193059.A3621 <3.0.6.32.20010621075338.00845930
I covered the trial and the appeal, and I would not make such a strong

@_date: 2001-06-23 14:56:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Critiques of Libertarianism 
References: <6b10a8bbed127ed54fb37ad92f7696b5 I'll regret responding to Choate sooner than later, I suspect, but in my experience, most people who are libertarians don't call themselves that.
And they certainly don't identify as Libertarians.

@_date: 2001-06-24 01:39:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: McVeigh's death spurs outcry against poetry, by Mad Cow Culture 
To subscribe to the low-volume Mad Cow Culture email announcement list:
MCVEIGH'S DEATH SPURS OUTCRY AGAINST POETRY
By Mad Cow Culture (madcowculture at madcowculture.com)
June 17, 2001
By misappropriating as his death bed chant "Invictus," the famous poem by
W.E.Henley, mad cow bomber Timothy McVeigh has created an infamous stink,
raising important legal, philosophical and academic issues.
W.E.Henley IV, great-grandson of the poet, is furious that a mass murder
would pervert lines written by a relative who overcame enormous suffering
to excel as a magazine writer. The great-grandson, who has threatened to
sue the McVeigh estate for "malicious misappropriation of iambic
pentameter," thinks authorities should have at least amputated one of the
bomber's legs so he, like the poet,  "could be one with the poem."
The original Henley lived to have quite a future. Robert Louis Stevenson
used Henley as the prototype for Long John Silver of "Treasure Island."
Rodin sculpted Henley's bust which is now found at the National Portrait
Gallery in London. Great-grandson Henley said "McVeigh committed another
crime by appropriating the poem without the suffering. Even the right wing
wackos understand this. No one is even buying bogus McVeigh memorabilia on
Ebay.  The guy is history."
McVeigh might be history but not the fuss caused by his deathbed invocation
of "Invictus." The Dallas School Board has opted to remove all literature
textbooks which contain the poem from its classrooms. Board President Dr.
Jerry James said in a prepared report "We will not expose impressionable
students to a poem that has been used by a mass murderer to justify and
celebrate his wicked acts. We are firm in our conviction that we will not
be party to making this fiend a cult hero. In fact we intend to be master
of our fate, and captain of our soul. I realize there are some First
Amendment issues involved, but the primary concern for the Dallas School
Board is the health and welfare of our children."
The Dallas News has reported that the Board's edict might go further.
Internet chat rooms are suggesting that during his high school years and
during his service in the Gulf War, McVeigh was actually an avid reader of
poetry. His high school sweetheart Jane Jones has allegedly claimed that
McVeigh was an avid reader of Dylan Thomas "Do Not Go Gentle," Hamlet's
soliloquy, and Robert Frost's "Out, Out--". Military friends have indicated
that McVeigh had read "Atlas Shrugged" at least six times and had a
fascination with Ahab in "Moby Dick." There is some speculation that
McVeigh was secret admirer of Walt Whitman and has a particular love for
"Song of Myself".
These post-mortem finding have dismayed members of the now defunct,
bankrupt and disgraced "McVeigh Fan Club" who lament that the "bomber
should have gone out showing his sensitive, compassionate side."  The
Dallas School Boards, however, according to the Dallas News, is dismayed
that this reading list, whether apocryphal or not, will become tainted by
an association with a murderer. According to Dr. James, "The last thing we
want is for students to be thinking that characters in Melville, Whitman,
or Shakespeare are to be admired and emulated because a mass murderer
embraced them. Frankly, we'd rather our students not read these works that
are even more likely now to contaminate their minds."
The Dallas School Board has not yet decided on a broader textbook ban but
already textbook companies are getting the message and without any apparent
coercion, are significantly reducing the amount of Thoreau, Emerson,
Hawthorne, Melville, Whitman, Crane, and Twain in American Literature
Some textbook companies are simply creating entire literature texts around
excerpts from the Bible, which has met with the quiet approval of school
boards in Texas. In Dr. James opinion this effort "serves as a reasonable
extension of President Bush's faith-based initiative. After all, there are
no surprises in the Bible, and we are reasonably certain the murderer never
read this book."
Not everyone is so sanguine about these developments. The American Civil
Liberties Union (ACLU) has already sought an injunction in Dallas Superior
Court against this "flagrant violation of First Amendment Freedoms." The
ACLU has lost the first round  the court, which invited further briefs,
wrote that "local school boards have the right to decide curriculum
content. It is not the court's job to find motive."
The ACLU has vowed to fight this "creeping religious hegemony that
threatens our schools."
Whatever the legality of the Dallas decision, school boards across America
are looking intently at the drama and the court's response to date. School
boards in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Mississippi and Florida who have already
removed "The Exorcist', "Huck Finn," "Black Like Me," and other books from
school libraries seem more emboldened. City schools in Detroit, Michigan
have already removed most of the Great Books of Western Literature from
school libraries and seem certain to complete the task, given the mood of
the country.
The American Library Association ALA) realizes it has a major battle on its
hands.  Dr. Gertrude Green, ALA President, said "We must resist punishing
our literature and authors for the despicable acts of a mass murderer.
Surely I don't have to remind people of the book burnings in Nazi Germany.
Books were seen as the cause of Germany's problems."
"Even school boards that act within the law will end up with a curriculum
filled with antiseptic literature written by second rate authors. That is
surely not what this country wants. After all, America is a multicultural

@_date: 2001-06-25 11:37:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ANGELIC IMPLANT (not!) 
11:21:05AM -0400
References: We had a discussion of this on Politech with a response (of sorts)
from the company:

@_date: 2001-06-26 09:37:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: eBay: Burn DVD movies onto CD? 
References: <3.0.6.32.20010620151625.00844d10 <3.0.6.32.20010620092202.00841a70 <200106160737.DAA09826 <3.0.6.32.20010620092202.00841a70 <20010620150239.C1065 <3.0.6.32.20010620151625.00844d10 <20010620193059.A3621 <3.0.6.32.20010621075338.00845930 <20010623144622.B29601 <3B387CBD.3000906
Right, it's not certain. But this is a semantically null statement:
Unless you have a mole in the court, that could be said about any
It's true that the appeals court asked some questions that were widely
interpreted as being favorable in a followup document, but their
actual questions askd during oral arguments were very much pro-MPAA.
It's true that they could be playing devil's advocate, but the queries
seemed to be genuine conviction, not intellectual gamesmanship.

@_date: 2001-06-26 22:32:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Police arrest newspaper editor for criticizing Florida cops 
Police in Key West, Flordia have arrested a newspaper editor for printing an article that criticized an internal police investigation, according to an Associated Press report. This brutish action by police and prosecutors should be widely denounced.
As of this afternoon, the Key West newspaper's site at kwest.com was still up (I read what appears to be one of the articles in question at  But while the server is still alive -- it responds to ping requests -- connections to port 80 are now refused. Unfortunately, the article is no longer in my cache.
It looks like the editor, Dennis Cooper, is being prosecuted for allegedly violating a state law. Under Florida law, it's a crime to disclose information about a police investigation -- even if you're the person who had filed a complaint alleging police wrongdoing, as Cooper seems to have done.
You can find contact information for Key West officials here:
I've copied the mayor, the chief of police, and other officials. If they would care to reply, I would be happy to extend them the usual courtesy of distributing their response unedited.
If anyone puts up a mirror site with the article, please let me know. And I urge you to write to the city officials copied above. (BTW I have verified that the below article did run on the AP wire.)

@_date: 2001-06-27 00:46:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: They'd be looking for Jim Bell if he weren't in SeaTac 
[At least they've got some DNA they can test... -Declan]
Interpol hit by parcel of rotten meat and excrement
LYON, France, June 26 (Reuters) - A suspect parcel delivered to Interpol
headquarters that prompted a three-hour evacuation of the building contained
nothing more lethal than rotten meat and excrement, judicial sources said on
The parcel, which arrived at the head office of the international police
organisation on Monday, was later taken by police van to a laboratory about
100 km (60 miles) away from the southeastern city of Lyon, where Interpol is
The laboratory found four envelopes in the parcel. They contained a slab of
rotten meat, an empty packet of cigarettes, two rotten eggs and toilet paper
smeared with excrement and urine, the judicial sources said.
The parcel was mailed in Miami and came from a man there who has regularly
sent Interpol such material since 1994. "He's one of their regular
correspondents," a police source said.
The area around the Interpol building was cordoned off for more than three
hours following the parcel's delivery, after which the workers were allowed
back into the building.

@_date: 2001-06-30 13:37:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Police arrest newspaper editor for criticizing Florida cops 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010626214305.024b95a0
 From my weekly Wired column...
Thuggish cops: Police in Key West, Florida, arrested a newspaper editor last week for printing an article that criticized an internal police The editor of Key West The Newspaper, Dennis Cooper, is being prosecuted for allegedly violating a state law. Under Florida law, it's a crime to disclose information about a police investigation -- even if you're the person who had filed a complaint alleging police wrongdoing, as Cooper seems to have done.
Cooper's site was offline earlier in the week, but, as usual, the Net community pitched in and mirrored copies of some of his articles that criticized the local cops.
A disturbing side note: According to a report in the Miami Herald, the police knew some judges had ruled this law was unconstitutional before they charged Cooper with violating it.

@_date: 2001-06-30 20:39:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OPT: Slashdot | Long-Range Networking 
References: <3B3E5E24.DB617CE5
I was wondering how much Slashdot-spam traffic Choate adds
to the list, so I did the below computation.
%fgrep 'From:' cypherpunks|wc -l
   2210
%fgrep 'From:' cypherpunks | fgrep Choate|wc -l
    366
Now, this is my "active" cypherpunks inbox and I suspect I delete a lot of Choatisms from it, but the percentage is still not as high
as I thought it would be.

@_date: 2001-06-30 22:50:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OPT: Slashdot | Long-Range Networking 
George on Sat, Jun 30, 2001 at 10:32:27PM -0400
References: <200107010232.WAA11876
I believe we posted four articles today and only featured those four
on the Wired home page. This IMHO is a bad idea; we should leave yesterday's
on the home page tool, if only to avoid criticisms like the below.
As for Pinocchio, it's an explicit and major part of the movie, such
as it is. So it needs to be mentioned.
But anything deeper? I don't think so -- the movie was too much of a mismash
of themes to say that.

@_date: 2001-03-03 00:50:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory, Not Facts 
References:  <001a01c0a202$435126c0$0600a8c0
Phill gets it halfway right, or put another way is halfway wrong.
The question is not whether network effects exist or not; clearly they
do in some form. Better questions include whether they have produced
inferior results than "someone" desires, how strong they are, and whether
state intervention is a good idea because of their alleged ill effects.
Phill also is not aware that VHS has some advantages over betamax,
and also persists in crankishly calling libertarian groups "right
wing." He is clearly an example of a person who needs killing. (*)
(*) Kidding! Kidding!

@_date: 2001-03-03 00:53:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: KYU-5, KG-84, KY-54 encryption devices 
aimee.farr on Wed, Feb 28, 2001 at 12:06:58PM -0600
References: Or both?

@_date: 2001-03-03 00:55:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Another Wiretap Criminal Exposed 
References: <200102281652.f1SGqXp11718 <20010228143802.B11659 <200102282214.RAA31392
But only after bad publicity and criminal charges being brought.
Not every case will get such bad publicity; some wacky charges
will stick and saner minds will *not* prevail.

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:02:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Independent Institute Response To Phillip Hallam-Baker ("network externality") 
References:  <002e01c0a2e0$e8b194e0$0600a8c0
One problem with Phill's analysis is that the L-M work stands on
its own, independent from the, well, Independent Institute.
Criticizing the group does not score points against the L-M work.

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:10:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | The Future of Copy Control 
References: <3A942EB9.985070E
Might it be possible for individuals who care to sign up to receive
Slashdot headlines via email or, heaven forfend, go to the site themselves
without cluttering up cpunx with Choatian one-liners?
Censorially yours,

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:15:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Filtering CDR open 
Thu, Feb 22, 2001 at 10:13:34AM -0800
References: <20010222101333.J2277
FYI I'm subscribed to cypherpunks from one address; I post to it from a second; my From: line is a third. I sometimes use a fourth address
to post.
I'm not sure how you're going to handle that, but you might want to consider
semi-automated ways of extracting addresses from "known good" posts,
to the extent that any of mine fit that category.

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:18:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why Wired is tired 
References: <3A96D907.57035CCC <20010228182723.D25964 <3A9E2C3E.4BBF27F3
Hmm. The author of the article and Choate, if I recall the original
message properly.
Both seem to be attirbuting a cyberlibertarianism to Wired that is
no longer present.

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:20:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed 
tcmay on Tue, Feb 27, 2001 at 08:47:09PM -0800
References: On Tue, Feb 27, 2001 at 08:47:09PM -0800, Tim May wrote, quoting someone:
Right. Put another way, the reason we care about free speech and
want to protect it is precisely *because* it has powerful results.

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:21:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft Trial Judge Based His Break-Up "Remedy" On Flawed Theory,  Not Facts 
References:   <5.0.2.1.0.20010227231001.01f1fc98 <4.3.2.7.2.20010228194400.00c4d780
Mike has been gone from EFF for some years.

@_date: 2001-03-03 01:23:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: _Godwin_ on Godwin 
aimee.farr on Fri, Mar 02, 2001 at 02:14:46PM -0600
References: This is a very, very strange statement.

@_date: 2001-03-03 20:59:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: If the SC isn't fooled by the technology (fwd) 
References: That is true. Then again, it is also true that a statement makes sense
just because you wish it to.
Yes, I lay awake at night struggling to master that technique.

@_date: 2001-03-04 01:38:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: June 2, 1999 OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT CLINTON FROM 240 ECONOMISTS ON ANTITRUST PROTECTIONISM 
References:  <4.3.2.7.2.20010303193033.036f7250
I happen to be the owner of one of the lists to which Matt forwarded
the 1999 letter.
I refuse to forward your "why are you sending this," on the grounds
that it continues an off-topic thread.

@_date: 2001-03-05 19:22:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: June 2, 1999 OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT CLINTON FROM 240 ECONOMISTS ON ANTITRUST PROTECTIONISM 
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20010303193033.036f7250  <4.3.2.7.2.20010303193033.036f7250 <20010304013808.A19482 <4.3.2.7.2.20010303211036.00c12e30
Check the archives...

@_date: 2001-03-08 16:57:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The U.S. Department of Justice has served me with a subpoena 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2380 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-03-08 21:52:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists 
They say:
  "(c) Negotiations with the media shall be pursued in all
  cases in which a subpoena to a member of the news media is
  contemplated.
  and
  "All reasonable attempts should be made to obtain information from
  alternative sources before considering issuing a subpoena to a member
  of the news media
  and
  "No subpoena may be issued to any member of the news media or for the
  telephone toll records of any member of the news media without the
  express authorization of the Attorney General

@_date: 2001-03-09 17:43:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010308215118.00ac3920 David's comments in his response are on-target.
In this context, the only definition that seems to matter is what the DOJ
believes to be a "member of the news media." In other words, if they say
you're not, you likely would shoulder the burden to prove that you are.
Even if they acknowledge you are a journalist, the DOJ clearly does not
feel bound to follow its own regulations.

@_date: 2001-03-09 17:49:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
References:   <20010309211446.24170.qmail <200103092156.QAA20801
I didn't send a message to Robb, and have not initiated any contact
with or responded to any contact from the prosecution.
I sent a message to the cypherpunks list that quoted from DOJ regulations. Robb, apparently a cypherpunk subscriber, replied
to that message but removed the Subject: line.
I wonder if John Young is a journalist, and needs to have his subponea approved by John Ashcroft too...

@_date: 2001-03-10 02:21:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists 
References: <20010309174359.C30209 Again, Jim is habitually confused. The regulations he believes are
unconstitutional are in fact the constitutional ones (they protect
journalists, although they do not go as far in their definition as
some would like). The rules he should be upset about lie elsewhere
int he law.

@_date: 2001-03-10 02:25:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Robb Joins the Cypherpunks 
References: <200103100047.f2A0lbI24137
That wasn't the headline, and in any case I don't write headlines
for my articles.
If anyone was in a position to object to the article -- which you seem
to think is unfair to Bell -- it was in fact Bell, and he did not. As
you can tell from my published articles, I interviewed him after that

@_date: 2001-03-12 10:26:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Toy gun ban: This is pleasantly insane 
Some toy guns could be made illegal if the government goes ahead with its intention to ban replica firearms.
Home Office minister Charles Clarke revealed that such a move was possible when he spoke at an exhibition of seized fake weapons, which included imitation Uzi machine pistols and an SA-80 assault rifle.
Such replicas can be bought in shops or by mail order and are frequently used
by criminals.
The minister said replicas posed a "real threat" to society.

@_date: 2001-03-12 11:01:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists | Confidential source agreements 
References:  Aimee, that's high praise, you know. :)
I believe that as a matter of principle, there is no difference between
what I do in my articles and what John Young does on cryptome.org. Both
of us *should* be treated by the law as professional journalists.
However, I also recognize that the law will likely not see things that
way, at least not yet.

@_date: 2001-03-13 10:15:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwmdterror in DC today 
HOUSE SELECT INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE Terrorism Briefing Full committee Speaker's Working Group on Terrorism holds briefing on intelligence matters. Location: H-405 U.S. Capitol. 12;30 p.m. Contact: 202-225-4121  **NEW/CLOSED**

@_date: 2001-03-13 11:00:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: My .sig 
References: I do use fixed-width fonts to read email, and never figured this out.
It looks more like a really fat rat to me anyway.

@_date: 2001-03-13 11:00:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: fun with the CIA 
Speculation over why aliens would want to observe us:
CIA reports on Russian police scrambling over UFO sighting:
CIA report on Barbados sighting:
CIA summarizes news articles on UFOs in ancient China:

@_date: 2001-03-13 11:02:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: the link doesn't work...... 
References: <37.11f1b148.27df727a
We would be delighted to help you for our usual consulting fees.

@_date: 2001-03-14 13:17:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
aimee.farr on Wed, Mar 14, 2001 at 11:36:09AM -0600
References: But wasn't Scalia -- who made a reasonable point -- talking about the
nomination of judges, not executive branch political appointees?

@_date: 2001-03-20 08:56:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Democratic 'critters want Bush to continue with med priv reg 
HEALTH News conference to urge Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson to proceed with prompt implementation of the HHS Medical Privacy Regulation. Participants: Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass.; Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt.; Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich.; Rep. Edward Markey, D-Mass.; Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Calif., and Chris Koyangi, Mental Health Liaison Group Location: 2168 Rayburn House Office Building. 11:30 a.m. Contact: Jim Manley, 202-224-2633 or David Moulton, 202-225-2836

@_date: 2001-03-21 13:35:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PGP flaw found by Czech firm allows dig sig to be forged 
Your E-Hancock Can Be Forged
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   10:20 a.m. Mar. 21, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- A Czech information security firm has found a flaw in
   Pretty Good Privacy that permits digital signatures to be forged in
   some situations.
   Phil Zimmermann, the PGP inventor who's now the director of the
   OpenPGP Consortium, said on Wednesday that he and a Network Associates
   (NETA) engineer verified that the vulnerability exists.
   ICZ, a Prague company with 450 employees, said that two of its
   cryptologists unearthed a bug in the OpenPGP format that allows an
   adversary who breaks into your computer to forge your e-mail
   signature.
   Both Zimmermann and the Czech engineers, Vlastimil Klima and Tomas
   Rosa, point out that the glitch does not affect messages encrypted
   with PGP. OpenPGP programs -- including GNU Privacy Guard and newer
   versions of PGP -- use different algorithms for signing and
   scrambling, and only the digital signature method is at risk.
   PGP and its offspring are by far the most popular e-mail encryption
   programs in the world. Nobody has disclosed a flaw in their
   message-scrambling mechanisms, but PGP owner Network Associates
   suffered an embarrassment last August when a German cryptanalyst
   published a way that allows  an attacker to hoodwink PGP into not
   encoding secret information properly.
   In this case, someone wishing to impersonate you would need to gain
   access to your secret key -- usually stored on a hard drive or a
   floppy disk -- surreptitiously modify it, then obtain a message you
   signed using the altered secret key. Once those steps are complete,
   that person could then digitally sign messages using your name.
   "PGP or any program based on the OpenPGP format that does not have any
   extra integrity check will not recognize such modification and it will
   allow you to sign a message with the corrupted key," says Rosa, who
   works at Decros, an ICZ company. Rosa says he demonstrated the
   vulnerability with PGP 7.0.3.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-03-23 01:34:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Spam coding help request 
Assume the below bill becomes law. Would anyone care to write a program that violates this law and send it to me in the next 10 hours? I would be glad to give you full credit in my weekly column, which is why I'm writing this. Heck, maybe a procmail-formail combination would do it.
This might be the easiest to code for:
''(i) is designed or produced primarily for the purpose of concealing the source or routing information of bulk unsolicited electronic mail messages in a manner prohibited by subparagraph (D) of this paragraph;
SEC. 2. PROTECTION FROM FRAUDULENT UNSOLICITED E-MAIL.
Section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, is amendedÂ
(1) in subsection (a)(5)Â
(A) by striking ''or'' at the end of subparagraph (B); and
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following:
''(D) intentionally and without authorization initiates the transmission of a bulk unsolicited electronic mail message to a protected computer with knowledge that such message falsifies an Internet domain, header information, date or time stamp, originating e-mail address, or other identifier; or
''(E) intentionally sells or distributes any computer program thatÂ
''(i) is designed or produced primarily for the purpose of concealing the source or routing information of bulk unsolicited electronic mail messages in a manner prohibited by subparagraph (D) of this paragraph;
''(ii) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to conceal such source or routing information; or
''(iii) is marketed by the violator or an- other person acting in concert with the violator and with the violator's knowledge for use in concealing the source or routing information of such messages'';

@_date: 2001-03-24 15:45:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Register - Zimmerman and the PGP flaw 
References: <3ABACC4E.F7077E3
Sheesh. If you're going to post one-liners, at least have the courtesy
to spell the guy's name correctly.

@_date: 2001-03-24 15:48:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 8 year old arrested for paper gun, words 
References: <3ABA9206.BE5758ED Not to mention rifle teams. I was on the one for my high school, and that
was suburbia, not rural.

@_date: 2001-03-26 16:24:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell Royally 
References: <200103250002.TAA00999
My lawyer is talking to the Feds...

@_date: 2001-03-27 10:25:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Idiot Oregon cops arrest wrong people 
Sheriff's office pays for errors
2001-03-27 07:07:46
Sheriff's office pays for errors Sheriff Jim Spinden says the $258,000
Washington County has paid in claims for police errors since 1998 is
reasonable Monday, March 26, 2001
By Alex Pulaski of The Oregonian staff
HILLSBORO -- On Dec. 11, 1998, Washington County sheriff's deputies arrested Kevin Schuh on a probation violation. The man they were looking for was Kevin Dean Schuch. The man they arrested was Kevin Lee Schuh. Even though the man
in custody showed identification indicating he had a different name, address, birth date, Social Security number, driver's license, weight, height and hair color from the wanted man, he was booked into jail. Eight months later, the county paid for the mistake: Kevin Lee Schuh and his attorney got a check for $1,773. Schuh's case is not unique.

@_date: 2001-03-27 10:44:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Symmetric Key Block Cipher Algorithms workshop 
[Federal Register: March 27, 2001 (Volume 66, Number 59)]
[Page 16658-16659]
 From the Federal Register Online via GPO Access [wais.access.gpo.gov]

@_date: 2001-03-27 12:25:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Symmetric Key Block Cipher Algorithms workshop 
References: <200103271634.LAA23116
In this case, I forwarded a URL as I received it. The Akami URL did
not include an ad, and it probably loads faster than the frequently-
overloaded GPO site. So what the hell are you complaining about?
Wired may not may not be using DoubleClick for ads. Not my concern;
I presume you can always use lynx if you want.

@_date: 2001-03-27 16:28:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NIST Symmetric Key Block Cipher Algorithms workshop 
References: <200103271952.OAA11008
Fair point. I don't recall seeing the original message. Cypherpunks
nodes are flaky enough, and I don't read all messages.
In any case, I throw some ads up on politechbot.com to (partly) cover
server costs. Those are not Doubleclick ads, and I have never done so.
You can subscribe to the mailing list if you like and avoid the ads.

@_date: 2001-03-28 10:52:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress in action 
HOUSE ENERGY AND COMMERCE COMMITTEE Human Cloning Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing on "Issues Raised by Human Cloning Research." Location: 2123 Rayburn House Office Building. 12 noon Contact: 202-225-2927

@_date: 2001-03-28 15:58:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Zone On the Range 
References: <3AC1766E.7117DD59 <20010328025134.A9336
Jim is about as educable as a California politican, and even less friendly.
He has shifted from being an eccentric list member to something closer
to a list-saboteur.

@_date: 2001-03-28 22:36:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
References: Yep, Lance has been far better than most in accepting cash/money
order/etc. I mentioned this as recently as the last few weeks in an
article. Perhaps Jim might want to read articles instead of
forwarding them.
I may be meeting with the Safeweb folks tomorrow. Anythin I should
ask them?

@_date: 2001-03-28 22:39:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
References:  Jim may actually have half a point. But I suspect that 711 tapes aren't
kept for years, and money orders often last *quite* a while.

@_date: 2001-03-28 22:43:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 5 
References: <200103290109.UAA03338
Very interesting. Knowing the way government bureaucracies work, it's
probably just coincidence, but I wouldn't rule out a more sinister
explanation. Then again, all of Bell's motions that are in the online
docket would be in the physical one, too, so it's just security though
obscurity, at best.

@_date: 2001-03-28 23:22:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: It's 2001, so it must be time for A Modest Filtering Proposal 
References:  This is an old message, but let me point out that I post from a differnet address than my subscription address. I suspect I'm not
the only one, so some manual "includes" may be in order.

@_date: 2001-03-28 23:27:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gun Activists Have A Stake Against Filtering 
tcmay on Wed, Mar 21, 2001 at 11:10:03AM -0800
References:   <3AB8D989.4BC9734
Right. If only the big-government fetishists would think through
this (not that it would change things) -- why not just let the Feds
tax at 100 percent and dole out money to worthy causes, with strings

@_date: 2001-03-28 23:39:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Virginia law bans anonymous remailers 
See also:
Â§ 18.2-152.4. Computer trespass; penalty. B. It shall be unlawful for any person knowingly to sell, give or otherwise distribute or possess with the intent to sell, give or distribute software which (i) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of facilitating or enabling the falsification of electronic mail transmission information or other routing information; (ii) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to facilitate or enable the falsification of electronic mail transmission information or other routing information; or (iii) is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with that person with that person's knowledge for use in facilitating or enabling the falsification of electronic mail transmission information or other routing information.

@_date: 2001-03-29 00:36:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 5 
References: <200103290109.UAA03338  <200103290223.VAA00835
At one point, Jim refused to waive his right to a speedy trial,
so part of the rushed nature is due to his decision. (Perhaps a
conscious one to spend as little time as possible in jail. Or
perhaps he refused to waive that right before he knew he was not
going to get discovery documents, etc.)

@_date: 2001-03-29 00:38:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Encouraging Terrorists is Legal 
References: <200103290433.f2T4X8W04082
In fact, Jim was quoted as saying -- I'm watching what I type since
the Feds appear to be watching this list and chatting among themselves
and other folks involved in this case about what is posted -- that
he explicitly was *not* going to violate the law.

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:40:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Speaking of free speech... 
References: They're not required to do anything. But I don't see any reason why
they won't rule by the end of the term.
A "vacuum?" There's been a lot of news coverage, sheesh. Hand-waving,
as usual, mixed with a bit of conspiracy theorizing.
Case could define privacy Feb. 22, 2001 14:31 ET Privacy Vs. Technology in High Court Case Feb. 20, 2001 14:25 ET Supreme Court to consider whether privacy, high-tech snooping are at odds Feb. 20, 2001 04:51 ET High-tech search at issue in pot case Feb. 10, 2001 05:45 ET Privacy a Victim of the Drug War Dec. 11, 2000 02:00 ET

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:42:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Required- Direct e-mail(Bulk) service 
References: <209D3E0ACB34D41198280050BAAB9F99BD54EA
Cypherpunks are well-known providers of Bulk-email HTML spam campaigns.
As a "marketing analyst," you've clearly come to the right place.

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:46:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - A real!!! news story... 
References: <3AC34D8F.1D97791F
Yes, clearly the media is covering up this decision.
Abortion 'Hit List' Protected, Court Says Mar. 29, 2001 07:30 ET Anti-Abortion Verdict Overturned Mar. 29, 2001 05:53 ET Threats against abortion doctors protected, judges rule Mar. 29, 2001 05:53 ET Court: Web site attacking abortion doctors protected Mar. 29, 2001 05:51 ET Huge Verdict Voided / $107 million judgment against anti-abortion activists dumped Mar. 29, 2001 05:50 ET Court upholds abortion doctor 'wanted list' Mar. 29, 2001 05:44 ET Appeals Court Backs Anti-Abortionists' Web Postings Mar. 29, 2001 05:35 ET Appeals Court Overturns $109 Million Verdict Against Anti-Abortion Web Site Mar. 29, 2001 05:05 ET  Appeals court rules abortion foes' Web site is protected Mar. 29, 2001 04:41 ET Fed Appeals Court Sides with Abortion Activists Mar. 28, 2001 23:10 ET U.S. Court Tosses Major Anti-Abortion Verdict Mar. 28, 2001 21:11 ET Anti-Abortion Site Wins Appeal Mar. 28, 2001 20:55 ET Court: Abortion Threats Protected Mar. 28, 2001 16:25 ET (cached article)

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:57:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Virginia law bans anonymous remailers 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010328233937.00a384e0
Bill, you may be right -- I used the Subject: line since I wanted to make a But you're arguing the way a defense attorney would, taking the minimalist view of this law. A prosecutor is not bound to take that view, and would likely take an expansionalist approach.

@_date: 2001-03-29 11:16:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
DEFENSE National Press Club Newsmaker Luncheon Program on "New Challenges to U.S. National Security." Participants: Former Senator Sam Nunn, D-Ga. Location: National Press Club, 14th and F Sts., NW, Ballroom. 12:30 p.m. Contact: 202-662-7500
DEFENSE Georgetown University Program featuring Gen. James Jones, Marine Corps Commandant, discussion the "Investment for National Security". Location: Georgetown University, 37th and O Sts., NW, Gaston Hall, 3rd Floor Healy Building. 6 p.m. Contact: 202-687-4328 **NEW**

@_date: 2001-03-29 13:12:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - A real!!! news story... 
References: <20010329104655.D1266 CNN.com may not have included it because the AP article did not show up
on all feeds and Reuters ran one very late in the day. You used the CNN.com "example" as a way to launch into conspiracy
theorizing, and you were wrong.

@_date: 2001-03-30 00:14:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ecash tech layoffs 
EXCLUSIVE BOTHELL, Wash., Mar. 29 (LocalBusiness.com) -- ECash Technologies Inc. has cut its workforce from 65 to 40 due to a "narrowing" of its business, John Filby, president and CEO for eCash, told LocalBusiness.com

@_date: 2001-03-30 09:27:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN.com - A real!!! news story... 
References: <3AC34D8F.1D97791F <3AC34D8F.1D97791F <20010329104655.D1266 <4.3.2.7.2.20010329213912.00d56be0
Right. I spent a year with the CNN.com/AllPolitics folks, and it is
beyond inconceivable that they're not covering this decision for
political/etc. reasons. Sheesh.

@_date: 2001-03-30 09:30:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: We've filed a motion to quash my subpoena from the DoJ 
When Reporting Becomes Testifying
   by Farhad Manjoo
   2:00 a.m. Mar. 30, 2001 PST
   Declan McCullagh -- the Wired News reporter who on March 8 was
   subpoenaed by the Justice Department to testify in the case against
   cypherpunk Jim Bell -- filed a motion on Thursday with the U.S.
   District Court to quash the subpoena, claiming it would violate the
   First Amendment protections accorded to journalists.
   Bell, who is famous for popularizing "Assassination Politics," a site
   that incorporated digital cash and encryption in a scheme to
   anonymously off political figures, has been charged with two counts of
   violating federal stalking laws. The trial is set to begin on Tuesday
   in Tacoma, Washington.
   McCullagh has covered the Bell saga for Wired News, and the government
   says it only needs him to verify the statements attributed to Bell in
   two of McCullagh's stories, according to an e-mail sent to McCullagh
   from Assistant U.S. Attorney Robb London.
   But "that would leave a lot of leeway for the defense to ask me
   questions -- and that's where it starts to get really messy really
   quickly," McCullagh said on Thursday from his home in Washington, D.C.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-03-30 10:26:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: McCullagh's motion to quash DoJ subpoena in Jim Bell trial 
I've put some relevant files at:
And I'll add to it throughout the day. This motion is at:
Again, thanks to the many people who sent along messages of support.
The trial begins next Tuesday in federal district court in Tacoma,
Washington. Since the judge won't rule on my motion until that
morning, I'll have to be there.
   PETER SULLIVAN
   TIMOTHY L. ALGER
   GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
   333 South Grand Avenue
   Los Angeles, California 90071-3197
   Telephone: (213) 229-7000
   Facsimile: (213) 229-7520
   KELLY PATRICK CORR
   CORR CRONIN LLP
   1001 Fourth Avenue
   Suite 3700
   Seattle, Washington 98154-1135
   Telephone: (206) 625-8600
   Facsimile: (206) 625-0900
   Attorneys for non-party witness
   DECLAN McCULLAGH
                        UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                       WESTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON
                                 AT TACOMA
   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
   Plaintiff,
   v.
   JAMES DALTON BELL,
   Defendant.
   CASE NO. CR 00-5731 JET
   NOTICE OF MOTION AND MOTION FOR ORDER QUASHING SUBPOENA ON DECLAN
   McCULLAGH, OR FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER; MEMORANDUM OF POINTS AND
   AUTHORITIES; DECLARATION OF DECLAN McCULLAGH
   Hearing date: April 3, 2001
   Hearing time: 9:30 a.m.
   Hearing place: Courtroom E
   (Hon. Jack E. Tanner)
   Trial date: April 3, 2001
   TO ALL PARTIES AND TO THEIR ATTORNEYS OF RECORD:
   PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that on April 3, 2001, at 9:30 a.m., in Department
   E of the United States District Court for the Western District of
   Washington, located at 1717 Pacific Avenue, Tacoma, Washington 98402,
   Declan McCullagh ("McCullagh"), a reporter for Wired News, will and
   hereby does move the Court for an order quashing a Subpoena in a
   Criminal Case served by the Office of the United States Attorney. In
   the alternative, McCullagh requests that the Court enter a protective
   order limiting the testimony of McCullagh at the trial of James Dalton
   Bell to matters that were published by Wired News.
   McCullagh asks that the subpoena be quashed, or a protective order
   entered, on the separate grounds that inquiry beyond those matters
   that were published is (1) unreasonable and oppressive as defined by
   Rule 17(c) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, and (2) would
   violate the First Amendment's protection of unpublished information
   gathered by journalists. Each of these grounds is amplified and
   explained in the attached Memorandum of Points and Authorities.
   This Motion is based on this Notice of Motion and Motion, the attached
   Memorandum of Points and Authorities, the attached Declaration of
   Declan McCullagh, the complete files and records in this action, and
   on such argument and evidence as may be presented to the Court at the
   hearing on this Motion.
   DATED: March 29, 2001.
   PETER SULLIVAN
       TIMOTHY L. ALGER
       GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
       KELLY PATRICK CORR
       CORR CRONIN LLP
       By: ________________________________
       Kelly Patrick Corr
       Attorneys for non-party witness DECLAN McCULLAGH
                    MEMORANDUM OF POINTS AND AUTHORITIES
                                     1.
                            SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT
   By this motion, non-party witness Declan McCullagh ("McCullagh"), a
   reporter for Wired News, an online news magazine published by Lycos,
   Inc., seeks to quash the trial subpoena served on him by the Office of
   the United States Attorney. That subpoena requires him to testify for
   the government at the trial of James Dalton Bell and produce copies of
   two articles written by McCullagh and published by Wired News ("the
   Articles"):
     * "Crypto-Convict Won't Recant," published April 14, 2000; and
     * "IRS Raids Cypherpunk's House," published November 11, 2000.
   The prosecutor has informed counsel for McCullagh that McCullagh will
   be asked only to verify the accuracy of statements by Bell that are
   included in the Articles. Bell's counsel, however, has made clear that
   cross-examination will not be limited to published information, and
   Bell might seek testimony regarding a variety of areas that Bell
   thinks will be helpful to his defense. In response to a proposal by
   the government and McCullagh's counsel that the parties stipulate to
   the accuracy of the published statements, Bell's counsel has referred
   the question to Bell. Bell has not responded to correspondence from
   McCullagh's counsel regarding a stipulation, and declined on Thursday,
   March 29, 2001, to meet with McCullagh's counsel at the federal
   penitentiary. It is unknown at this time whether Bell will sign the
   stipulation, necessitating this motion.
   While the government might intend only to elicit testimony regarding
   published information - which McCullagh has offered to verify by
   affidavit - the subpoena sets the stage for an inquiry into
   McCullagh's newsgathering practices and his unpublished work product.
   Based on the statements of Bell's counsel, it appears likely that Bell
   will attempt to use McCullagh as his mouthpiece by compelling him to
   repeat before the jury Bell's allegations of conspiracy and
   persecution by federal prosecutors and agents, and by compelling
   McCullagh to disclose information that he has gathered over the past
   seven years while covering policy and technology - including the
   "cypherpunk" phenomenon - for publications including Wired News and
   Time magazine.
   Such an intrusion into newsgathering is not permitted under Rule 17 of
   the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure or the First Amendment to the
   United States Constitution. While the government might consider the
   published statements of Bell to be relevant, a wide-ranging inquiry
   into McCullagh's unpublished research as a journalist is unreasonable
   and oppressive, and runs afoul of the First Amendment's protection of
   newsgathering and the editorial process. This First Amendment-based
   journalists' privilege reflects "the preferred position of the First
   Amendment and the importance of a vigorous press." Zerilli v. Smith,
   656 F.2d 705, 712 (D.C. Cir. 1981).
   Requiring McCullagh to testify, even if it is very limited on direct
   examination, creates an impermissible burden by necessarily exposing
   McCullagh to the risk of an intrusive cross-examination that will
   interfere with McCullagh's current and future newsgathering.
   Accordingly, the Court should quash the subpoena or, in the
   alternative, enter a protective order limiting McCullagh's testimony
   to those matters that were published in the Articles.
   2.
       BACKGROUND
   McCullagh is the Washington, D.C., bureau chief for Wired News. He has
   been an on-line journalist since 1995, and has covered politics and
   technology for numerous publications, both traditional and online.
   Prior to joining Wired News, McCullagh was a reporter for Time
   magazine and Time Digital Daily, and a correspondent for HotWired.
   (Declaration of Declan McCullagh Â¶ 2.)
   McCullagh has been covering Bell's battles with the law since April
   1997, and has written about six articles about Bell, including the two
   articles regarding which the government now seeks McCullagh's
   testimony. (Id. Â¶ 5.) McCullagh continues to conduct interviews and
   collect information about Bell and the "cypherpunk" movement, with the
   intention of publishing additional articles. (Id. Â¶ 6.) It has been
   his intention to cover Bell's trial. (Id.)
   Over the past several years, Bell and McCullagh have communicated
   irregularly, mostly by telephone. Some of the information provided to
   McCullagh by Bell has resulted in news stories; some has not, but
   might be used in future stories. (Id. Â¶ 7.) McCullagh carefully
   retains information that he gathers as a journalist until it is useful
   for published articles. (Id. Â¶ 8.) It is McCullagh's belief that
   sources speak to him and cooperate with his newsgathering efforts
   because he is trustworthy and independent. (Id.)
   Some of McCullagh's sources already have told him that they will stop
   assisting him or providing him with information if he testifies in
   Bell's trial. (Id. Â¶ 9.) Of particular concern to McCullagh is the
   likely loss of sources who respect him for his independence and who,
   in some circumstances, are challenging the authorities on issues
   relating to Internet freedom. (Id.) These sources, who have given
   McCullagh information that was vital to covering all sides of Internet
   issues, are likely to view McCullagh (erroneously) in the future as an
   agent for the government if he is compelled to testify for the
   prosecution in this trial. (Id..)
   McCullagh also fears that testifying about unpublished information
   will jeopardize his credibility as a journalist. (Id. Â¶ 10.) Many
   people who have provided McCullagh with information have done so on
   the understanding that he was working as a reporter, and not gathering
   information for litigants. (Id.) The information that he receives from
   sources leads him to other sources and additional information;
   disclosure of his newsgathering techniques and practices will put him
   at a competitive disadvantage in the future. (Id.) McCullagh believes
   that disclosure of his work product could compromise his reputation as
   an impartial journalist and a communicator of news, and create the
   false perception that McCullagh can be used by litigants as a
   collector and presenter of information helpful to their causes. (Id.)
   3.
       THE SUBPOENA SHOULD BE QUASHED BECAUSE IT IS UNREASONABLE AND
       OPPRESSIVE
   While the government has indicated its willingness to limit
   McCullagh's testimony to verification of the accuracy of published
   statements made by Bell, putting McCullagh on the witness stand
   necessarily raises the possibility that Bell will challenge
   McCullagh's testimony on direct by inquiring into unpublished matters.
   Indeed, Bell's lawyer has informed counsel for McCullagh that Bell
   will want to obtain testimony from McCullagh because Bell considers
   McCullagh to be sympathetic to him. Bell apparently hopes to bring
   before the jury Bell's allegations of government wrongdoing by asking
   McCullagh to testify about Bell's conversations with McCullagh, and to
   disclose any research McCullagh might have conducted relating to
   Bell's theories and accusations.
   Such testimony is irrelevant to the charges of interstate stalking for
   which Bell is on trial. The government's need for Bell's published
   statements is tenuous at best: the quotations in the Articles appear
   to be rhetoric; they offer no evidence that Bell crossed a state line
   with the intention of injuring or harassing alleged victims Mike
   McNall and Jeff Gordon.
   Further, the likely inquiry by Bell that follows from McCullagh's
   verification of the quotations in the Articles is not relevant at all.
   Rather, it merely distracts the jury from the charges at issue while
   compelling McCullagh to describe his collection of information from
   numerous sources, and his selection of material for publication. Put
   simply, Bell's likely cross-examination of McCullagh will be a fishing
   expedition in its purest form. The "mere hope" of obtaining
   exculpatory evidence is not sufficient for enforcement of a Rule 17
   subpoena. United States v. Cuthbertson, 630 F.2d 139, 146 (3d Cir.
   1980), cert. denied, 449 U.S. 1126 (1981) ("Cuthbertson I").
   Thus, an evaluation of the profound impact of the subpoena on
   McCullagh establishes that the subpoena is unreasonable and
   oppressive, in violation of Rule 17. The threatened intrusion into the
   newsgathering process requires an order quashing the subpoena in its
   entirety.
   4.
       THE SUBPOENA SHOULD BE QUASHED, OR A PROTECTIVE ORDER ENTERED,
       BECAUSE UNPUBLISHED INFORMATION IS PROTECTED BY THE FIRST
       AMENDMENT
       A. The Burden Imposed By Subpoenas Such As The One At Issue Here
       Has Caused The Courts To Extend The Privilege To Unpublished
       Information
   In Branzburg v. Hayes, 408 U.S. 665, 707 (1972), the United States
   Supreme Court recognized that journalists' newsgathering activities
   qualify for protection under the First Amendment to the United States
   Constitution. The Court concluded that "without some protection for
   seeking out the news, freedom of the press could be eviscerated." Id.
   at 681. Justice Powell, in casting the deciding fifth vote, stated
   that "[t]he Court does not hold that newsmen, subpoenaed to testify
   before a grand jury, are without constitutional rights with respect to
   the gathering of news or in the safeguarding of their sources." Id. at
   709 (Powell, J., concurring). Although the Court did not permit the
   reporters in the Branzburg case to refuse to appear and testify before
   grand juries, federal courts have interpreted Branzburg as recognizing
   a qualified privilege that protects information gathered by
   journalists in preparation for new s reports, but which has not been
   published. See, e.g., Cuthbertson I, 630 F.2d at 146-47; Von Bulow v.
   Von Bulow, 811 F.2d 136, 143 (2d Cir. 1987); United States v. LaRouche
   Campaign, 841 F.2d 1176, 1181-82 (1st Cir. 1988).
   The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has
   recognized this First Amendment privilege in the context of criminal
   proceedings, Farr v. Pitchess, 522 F.2d 464, 467-68 (9th Cir. 1975),
   cert. denied, 427 U.S. 912 (1976), and has held that the privilege
   protects unpublished information, even if it is not obtained under an
   agreement of confidentiality, Shoen v. Shoen, 5 F.3d 1289, 1295 (9th
   Cir. 1993) ("Shoen I"). A court must weigh any claim of First
   Amendment privilege against the need for disclosure and strike a
   balance in favor of the "paramount interest." Farr, 522 F.2d at 468.
   The Ninth Circuit explained in Shoen I that "the privilege is a
   recognition that society's interest in protecting the integrity of the
   newsgathering process, and in ensuring the free flow of information to
   the public, is an interest `of sufficient social importance to justify
   some incidental sacrifice of sources of facts needed in the
   administration of justice.'" 5 F.3d at 1292 (quoting Herbert v. Lando,
   441 U.S. 153, 183 (Brennan, J., dissenting).). Protection of
   unpublished information is critical to freedom of speech, even where
   it is not gained under a promise of confidentiality, because routine
   demands for such information in court will interfere with journalists'
   work and independence. The Ninth Circuit stated:
   "The . . . four interests named are the threat of administrative and
       judicial intrusion into the newsgathering and editorial process;
       the disadvantage of a journalist appearing to be an investigative
       arm of the judicial system or a research tool of government or of
       a private party; the disincentive to compile and preserve
       non-broadcast material; and the burden on journalists' time and
       resources in responding to subpoenas." . . .
       To the extent that compelled disclosure becomes commonplace, it
       seems likely indeed that internal policies of destruction of
       materials may be devised and choices as to subject matter made,
       which could be keyed to avoiding disclosure requests or compliance
       therewith rather than to the basic function of providing news and
       comment. In addition, frequency of subpoenas would not only
       preempt the otherwise productive time of journalists and other
       employees but measurably increase expenditures for legal fees.
   Id.
   at 1294-95 (quoting LaRouche Campaign, 841 F.2d at 1182).
   The Ninth Circuit concluded that requiring journalists to testify
   impedes their ability to collect information, and thereby chills
   speech.
   "It is their independent status that often enables reporters to gain
       access, without a pledge of confidentiality, to meetings or places
       where a policeman or a politician would not be welcome. If
       perceived as an adjunct of the police or of the courts,
       journalists might well be shunned by persons who might otherwise
       give them information without a promise of confidentiality, barred
       from meetings which they would otherwise be free to attend and to
       describe, or even physically harassed if, for example, observed
       taking notes or photographs at a public rally.
   Id.
   at 1295 (quoting Duane D. Morse & John W. Zucker, The Journalist's
   Privilege in Testimonial Privileges (Scott N. Stone & Ronald S.
   Liebman eds., 1983), at 474-75).
   The Third Circuit reached the same conclusion in Cuthbertson, a
   criminal case:
   We do not think that the privilege can be limited solely to protection
       of sources. The compelled production of a reporter's resource
       materials can constitute a significant intrusion into the
       newsgathering and editorial processes. See Loadholtz v. Fields,
       389 F. Supp. 1299, 1303 (M.D. Fla. 1975). Like the compelled
       disclosure of confidential sources, it may substantially undercut
       the public policy favoring the free flow of information to the
       public that is the foundation for the privilege. See Riley v. City
       of Chester, [612 F.2d 708, 716 (3d Cir. 1979)]. Therefore, we hold
       that the privilege extends to unpublished materials in the
       possession of CBS. See Altemose Construction Co. v. Building &
       Construction Trades Council, 443 F. Supp. 489, 491 (E.D. Pa. 1977)
       ("this qualified privilege can even apply when the news source
       and, perhaps, a portion of the withheld writing, are not
       confidential").
   Cuthbertson,
   630 F.2d at 147.
   Democracy's keystone is the dissemination of information to the
   public, permitting it to make informed choices. This dissemination
   depends on journalists who are successful in gathering facts, and
   that, in turn, depends on sources who will not disclose information
   unless they believe they are dealing with professionals who are
   trustworthy and objective. By compelling a journalist to disclose work
   product whenever a litigant views it as helpful to his or her case, a
   court sacrifices the very First Amendment freedoms that keep our
   nation informed and our government accountable.
   B. The First Amendment Privilege Can Be Overcome In Only The
       Most Limited Of Circumstances
   Recognizing the threat that compulsory disclosure of work product
   posed to the uninhibited flow of information, the Ninth Circuit
   adopted a three-part test that courts must apply whenever a journalist
   withholds unpublished information that was not gained under a promise
   of confidentiality. The test's purpose, the court explained, was to
   "ensure that compelled disclosure is the exception, not the rule."
   Shoen v. Shoen, 48 F.3d 412 (9th Cir. 1995) ("Shoen II").
   We . . . hold that where information sought is not confidential, a
       civil litigant is entitled to requested discovery notwithstanding
       a valid assertion of the journalist's privilege by a nonparty only
       upon a showing that the requested material is: (1) unavailable
       despite exhaustion of all reasonable alternative sources;
       (2) noncumulative; and (3) clearly relevant to an important issue
       in the case. We note that there must be a showing of actual
       relevance; a showing of potential relevance will not suffice.
   Id.
   Although the Ninth Circuit has not had the opportunity to apply the
   three-part test of Shoen II in a criminal case, the Third Circuit has
   adopted a nearly identical test and applied it to a criminal subpoena
   that sought unpublished, nonconfidential information:
   "First, the movant must demonstrate that he has made an effort to
       obtain the information from other sources. Second, he must
       demonstrate that the only access to the information sought is
       through the journalist and her sources. Finally, the movant must
       persuade the Court that the information sought is crucial to the
       claim."
   United States v. Cuthbertson,
   651 F.2d 189, 195-96 (3d Cir.) ("Cuthbertson II") (quoting United
   States v. Criden, 633 F.2d 346, 358-59 (3d Cir. 1980), cert. denied,
   449 U.S. 113 (1981)), cert. denied, 454 U.S. 1056 (1981).
   Application of the First Amendment privilege in a criminal proceeding
   is just as important as in a civil context. As the Second Circuit held
   in United States v. Burke, 700 F.2d 70, 76 (2d Cir.), cert. denied,
   464 U.S. 816 (1983): "[T]he important social interests in the free
   flow of information that are protected by the reporter's qualified
   privilege are particularly compelling in criminal cases. Reporters are
   to be encouraged to investigate and expose, free from unnecessary
   government intrusion, evidence of criminal wrongdoing."
   C. The Privilege Protects Unpublished Information In McCullagh's
       Possession,
       And Cannot Be Overcome By Bell
   If Bell attempts to cross-examine McCullagh regarding unpublished
   information, he cannot satisfy any of the Shoen requirements, let
   alone all three of them. Only by meeting all of the requirements can
   Bell establish the kind of "compelling need" that overcomes the First
   Amendment privilege. Shoen I, 5 F.3d at 1196.
   First
   , Bell cannot establish that he exhausted all alternative sources for
   the information he might hope to obtain from McCullagh. Testimony
   about Bell's conversations with McCullagh can be provided by Bell
   himself. See, e.g., Shoen I, 5 F.3d at 1296 (refusing to order author
   to produce notes of interview with party because the party was an
   alternative source for the information); Carushka, Inc. v. Premiere
   Products, Inc., 1989 U.S. Dist. Lexis 17487, *8, 17 Media L. Rep. 2001
   (C.D. Cal 1989) (refusing to order magazine publisher to produce
   unpublished materials; "as the information sought was either provided
   by or adopted by plaintiff, defendants may elicit the relevant
   testimony from plaintiff herself").
   Even assuming that testimony by McCullagh about his conversations with
   people other than Bell is admissible, that information is available
   from the other participants in the conversations. For example, if Bell
   contends that McCullagh obtained information from federal agents, Bell
   can obtain that testimony from the federal agents. Indeed, it is
   difficult to fathom what information McCullagh might have gathered
   that is even remotely relevant to this trial that is not readily
   available from other witnesses who will be called by the government or
   who are subject to subpoena by the defense. See Cuthbertson II, 651
   F.2d at 196 (privilege does not yield unless "the only practical
   access to the information sought is through the media source). Bell's
   inability to meet this requirement of exhaustion, on its own, dooms
   any effort to pierce the First Amendment privilege. See Shoen I, 5
   F.3d at 1296 ("At a minimum, [the requesting party must make] a
   showing that the information sought is not obtainable from another
   resource."); accord Carey v. Hume, 492 F.2d 631, 639 (D.C. Cir. 1974)
   (compelled disclosure from a journalist must be a "last resort after
   pursuit of other opportunities has failed"), cert. dismissed, 417 U.S.
   938 (1974).
   Second
   , the information that Bell might seek from McCullagh is cumulative.
   Bell will have the opportunity to cross-examine the government's
   witnesses, and to call his own witnesses, in an effort to establish
   that he was unfairly targeted by the government or the victim of a
   conspiracy. Simply put, whatever Bell told McCullagh, and whatever
   information McCullagh gathered as a result of Bell's statements to
   McCullagh, is evidence that Bell will present through other witnesses,
   including himself if he takes the stand. Any intrusion on McCullagh's
   newsgathering and Wired News' editorial decisions is unjustified,
   given the cumulative nature of the evidence Bell is likely to seek
   from McCullagh. See, e.g., United States v. Hubbard, 493 F. Supp. 202,
   205 (D.D.C. 1979) (quashing subpoena by criminal defendant on ground
   that other witnesses were available for same facts, making reporters'
   testimony "merely cumulative").    Third
   , the unpublished information Bell is likely to attempt to elicit on
   cross-examination is not clearly and actually relevant to an important
   issue of the case. As the Second Circuit explained in Burke, unless a
   criminal defendant who seeks to pierce the privilege can make a "clear
   and specific showing" that the evidence is "necessary or critical to
   the maintenance of his defense," the reporter's privilege will be
   upheld. Burke, 700 F.2d at 77. Bell's unpublished communications with
   McCullagh do not go directly to the issue of whether he engaged in
   interstate stalking of federal agents. Communications between
   McCullagh and others relating to Bell's case would be inadmissible
   hearsay, or, if they involve federal agents, would be merely
   impeachment evidence, which is not evidence that is considered
   "critical or necessary to the maintenance or defense of a claim." See
   In Re Application to Quash Subpoena, 79 F.3d 346, 352 (2d Cir. 1996).
   And McCullagh's actions (any research he might have done) are
   completely irrelevant. Indeed, communications with reporters, and what
   reporters might have done with that information, will undoubtedly
   confuse the issues, delay the proceedings, and waste time. See Fed. R.
   Evid. 403; see also National Union Fire Ins. Co. v. Seafirst Corp.,
   1987 U.S. Dist. Lexis 16094, *4-5, 14 Media L. Rep. 1190 (W.D. Wash.
   1987) (quashing subpoena seeking unpublished information because
   communications between defendant and reporters were only "marginally
   relevant at best," even though contents of article were important to
   case).
   Further, to allow the privilege to be invaded here would set a
   terrible precedent. To allow a defendant to cross-examine a reporter
   about privileged matters simply because the government has asked a
   reporter about non-privileged matters would eviscerate the privilege.
   Every time the subject matter of a news article became the subject
   matter of a trial, newsgathering activities would become fair game for
   the litigants. It is this very concern - that journalists will be
   routinely subjected to subpoenas - that caused the Ninth Circuit to
   hold that "compelled disclosure is the exception, not the rule." Shoen
   II, 48 F.3d at 416.
   5.
       CONCLUSION
   In extending the journalist's privilege to unpublished information,
   the Ninth Circuit explicitly recognized "that routine court-compelled
   disclosure of research materials poses a serious threat to the
   vitality of the newsgathering process." Shoen II, 48 F.3d at 415-16.
   Accordingly, reporter Declan McCullagh requests that the Court quash
   the subpoena, or, alternatively, enter a protective order that
   prohibits counsel from inquiring into any matters other than the
   published contents of the articles.
   DATED: March 29, 2001.
   PETER SULLIVAN
       TIMOTHY L. ALGER
       GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
       KELLY PATRICK CORR
       CORR CRONIN LLP
       By: ________________________________
       Kelly Patrick Corr
       Attorneys for non-party witness DECLAN McCULLAGH

@_date: 2001-03-30 10:44:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorhappy MFN.org syadmin files "spam" complaint 
I invite all cypherpunks subscribers to let this censorhappy -- not to
mention humorless -- sysadmin know what they think about spam
complaints over a joke posted here:
"J.A. Terranson" I posted recently, in response to a help-me-spam message:
And Terranson complained to my upstream provider that I was spamming
(see message below).
I will be writing about the censorhappy behavior of Terranson/MFN
in my next column.
13:58:12 -0500 (EST)
GaneshA at icode.com on Thu, Mar 29, 2001 at 05:48:17PM +0530

@_date: 2001-03-30 11:46:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
References: <200103301547.KAA29813
My attorney at Gibson Dunn wrote the brief, and I think it speaks for itself.

@_date: 2001-03-30 14:13:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell and Cypherpunks 
References: <20010330113530.A27617  <200103301746.MAA23192
John is reading far more into this than exists, and his conspiracy
theorizing is working overtime. The "evidence" I have is nothing more
than my cypherpunks inbox and notes I may or may not have retained
from conversations with Jim Bell, that's all. The language in my
motion is standard journalist quash-this-please.

@_date: 2001-03-30 14:21:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
Secret Service Raids E-Gold
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   11:10 a.m. Mar. 30, 2001 PST
   WASHINGTON -- The Secret Service has raided a New York state business
   that exchanged dollars for grams of the digital currency called
   e-gold.
   A bevy of agents from the Secret Service, Postal Service and local
   police recently detained the owners of Gold-Age, based in Syracuse,
   and seized computers, files and documents from the fledgling firm.
   U.S. Attorney Daniel French said Friday that the investigation
   involved charges of credit card fraud. "We haven't brought charges
   yet," French said. "We're in the investigative phase."
   Gold-Age owner Parker Bradley says that during his eight-hour
   interrogation on March 12, the Secret Service seemed less interested
   in credit card fraud and more interested in the mechanics of e-gold.
   Until last year, Bradley accepted credit cards and paid out e-gold,
   but said he quit because too many people used stolen credit cards when
   conducting business with him.
   "The interrogation became less about me and more about politics and
   e-gold," Bradley said. "They were trying to get me to blame e-gold for
   fraud. Just to be blunt, these guys have no clue about how e-commerce
   works, how e-gold works or what I was doing."
   E-gold is a 5-year-old firm based on the Caribbean island of Nevis
   that provides an electronic currency backed by physical metal stored
   in vaults in London and Dubai. The company says it has 181,000 user
   accounts and stores about 1.4 metric tons of gold on behalf of its
   customers.
   Bradley's Gold-Age company, which he ran with his wife out of their
   home until the raid, was one of about a dozen e-gold currency exchange
   services: He took dollars and credited grams of gold, silver, platinum
   and palladium to a customer's account, less a modest fee.
   [...]
   Still unclear is why the raid took place. French indicated that it
   could be more than a routine credit card investigation, saying "at
   this point, it's being investigated as a credit card fraud."
   One possibility is a broader investigation directed at some users of
   e-gold, which is less anonymous than cash but more anonymous than
   credit cards. Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers has warned of
   malcontents using the Net and encryption to dodge taxes, and it's
   possible that the feds don't exactly approve of a system that's more
   privacy-protective than the heavily regulated banking system.
   Current federal regulations require banks and credit unions -- about
   19,000 in all -- to inform federal law enforcement of all transactions
   $5,000 and above that have no "apparent lawful purpose or are not the
   sort in which the particular customer would normally be expected to
   engage."
   Because e-gold is not a bank that lends money -- it's more akin to a
   warehouse that stores gold on behalf of its customers -- it's not
   covered by those rules.
   Mike Godwin said the raid evokes memories of the notorious Steve
   Jackson Games raid by the Secret Service a decade ago, which led to
   the formation of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-03-30 20:03:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorhappy MFN.org syadmin files "spam" complaint 
References: <20010330104439.A11833
You forwarded one of my messages to my upstream provider (and someone else's upstream provider), complaining about my alleged spam. This has led my network provider to contact me, and has introduced friction into our I understand now this was a mistake on your part. But I'm not sure if the conclusion from this episode is that I should be one who should be more careful -- shouldn't you be more careful before accusing someone of spamming?

@_date: 2001-03-30 20:10:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
References: <20010330142128.B15803
Good question. I don't recall anymore; my article today linked to an archived Wired story that went into this in more detail and I believe linked to the appropriate regs. --Declan

@_date: 2001-03-30 20:35:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010330201011.02143a70
 <20010330142128.B15803
 <5.0.2.1.0.20010330201011.02143a70
Um, no, it's explicitly stated in the article that you speak for OmniPay. Jim, you're a good guy, but when you give an on the record interview to a reporter and he asks you what title to use and you say (after some more colorful suggestions) "vice president," it's reasonable to conclude you're speaking for the company.
An officer of the company not speaking for it? It would be like Bill Gates not speaking for Microsoft.

@_date: 2001-03-30 20:42:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorhappy MFN.org syadmin files "spam" complaint 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010330200032.02121840
Fact: You forwarded MY message to UUNET and said kill-this-spammer or something to that effect.
The rest is hand-waving and after-the-fact justification.
PS: I agree that perhaps I should have been a little less harsh in calling you "censorhappy."

@_date: 2001-03-30 20:56:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorhappy MFN.org syadmin files "spam" complaint 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010330203903.0200caa0
No, you forwarded *my* message responding to the spam-solicitation to UUNET, and asked them to take action against *me*. I have the complete headers.
The reason I wrote about it is because it shows, as an online society, how hypersensitive we've become to spam. It requires all three people in the spam-complaint chain to overreact: You (accidentally, you say), uunet (intentionally), and my provider (intentionally, probably). Different actions by any of them would have derailed the spamcident. Frankly, I've also been meaning to send out my econlib.org column for a while, and this gave me an excuse to mention it.
Better ways of dealing with spam can avoid this in the future.

@_date: 2001-03-30 21:46:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorhappy MFN.org syadmin files "spam" complaint 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010330205314.0200d610
The correct and accurate chronology is here:
The message you sent to UUNET complaining about my alleged spam is below. "*NOWHERE* in the below complaint will you see *ANY* proof of your assertion that I "asked them to take action against *me* [McCullagh]".
To the contrary, in the below spam complaint sent to UUNET you brand me a "downstream spammer" and ask them to "please muzzle this idjit..."
I admit I may have been a little hasty in saying you were "censorhappy." "Apparently censorhappy" would have been better. But it is incorrect to say that I tried to attack you in my writeup. My full message is 5,202 characters; the paragraph dealing with you was 338 characters. (Granted, you could snip headers, but the calculation would be similar.)
It would have been trivial to write an article that *was* aimed at you. I could have said:
But I didn't write that.
 > > Message-ID:  > > Date: Thu, 29 Mar 2001 12:58:07 -0600 (CST)
 > > From: "J.A. Terranson"  > > To: abuse at broadwing.net
 > > cc: abuse at uu.net
 > > Subject: Your downstream spammer...
 > >
 > >
 > > Please muzzle this idjit...
 > >
 > > --
 > > Yours,
 > > J.A. Terranson
 > > sysadmin at mfn.org
 > >
[signature snipped for brevity, full message available on request]
 > > Return-Path:  > > Received: from einstein.ssz.com (einstein.ssz.com [204.96.2.99])
 > > by cliff.mfn.org (8.11.1/8.9.3) with ESMTP id f2TG9Ej09880
 > > for ; Thu, 29 Mar 2001 10:09:14 -0600 (CST)
 > > (envelope-from owner-cypherpunks-outgoing at ssz.com)
 > > Received: (from mdom at localhost)
 > > by einstein.ssz.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) id KAA18391
 > > for cypherpunks-outgoing; Thu, 29 Mar 2001 10:14:05 -0600
 > > Received: from cluebot.com ([216.110.36.217])
 > > by einstein.ssz.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) with ESMTP id KAA18387
 > > for ; Thu, 29 Mar 2001 10:14:02 -0600
 > > Received: by cluebot.com (Postfix, from userid 502)
 > > id D39A9104F1; Thu, 29 Mar 2001 10:42:29 -0500 (EST)
 > > Date: Thu, 29 Mar 2001 10:42:29 -0500
 > > From: Declan McCullagh  > > To: Ganesh Acharya  > > Cc: cypherpunks at einstein.ssz.com
 > > Subject: Re: CDR: Required- Direct e-mail(Bulk) service
 > > X-News-Site:  > > X-URL:  > > Sender: owner-cypherpunks at ssz.com
 > > Precedence: bulk
 > > Reply-To: cypherpunks at ssz.com
 > > X-Mailing-List: cypherpunks at ssz.com
 > > X-Unsubscription-Info:  > > X-List-Admin: list at ssz.com
 > > X-Loop: ssz.com
 > > X-Acceptable-Languages: English, Russian, German, French, Spanish
 > >
 > >
 > > Cypherpunks are well-known providers of Bulk-email HTML spam campaigns.
 > > As a "marketing analyst," you've clearly come to the right place.
 > >
 > > -Declan

@_date: 2001-03-30 22:04:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: We've filed a motion to quash my subpoena from the DoJ 
References: <20010330102728.B11644
I apologize on behalf of my colleague. You are, of course, correct.
I didn't read the article before it was published (for reasons you can imagine), and in fact I didn't catch that error before I sent it out. I've forwarded your message internally.
To answer your question, no, editors don't do fact checking at daily or supra-daily news orgs. Generally only magazines have fact-checkers; everyone else relies on their reporters to do so.

@_date: 2001-03-30 22:18:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorhappy MFN.org syadmin files "spam" complaint 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010330213220.02011dd0
I wrote what I honestly believed was the truth when I wrote it. I may send along a followup clarification.
That you responded with venom and invective instead of with a "whoops, sorry, honest mistake, didn't mean to say you were a spammer, let's put it behind us" does not make anyone take you more seriously.
Frothing and kvetching -- after the error was yours in the first place -- is not going to change anything.

@_date: 2001-11-03 13:20:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
Military Bars Green Party Leader from Flying
   posted by declan on Saturday November 03,    from the airports-are-now-a-no-speech-zone dept.
        As one of the U.S. Green Party's top officials, Nancy Oden is
   used to controversy. But Oden never expected to be hassled by National
   Guard troops at her hometown airport of Bangor, Maine on Thursday and
   barred from flying out of it. She thinks it's because of a Green Party
   statement she co-authored that ran in the local newspaper. The
   statement calls for universal health care, limitations on free trade,
   and a stop to "U.S. military incursions" including the bombing of
   Afghanistan. (The Green Party has labeled the U.S. military action an
   act of "state terrorism.") Oden's unsuccessful attempt to fly to
   Chicago for a Green Party national meeting follows a Philadelphia man's
   unpleasant experience after reading the wrong book at an airport, a
   California journalist's headaches for daring to take photos inside an
   airport, and the arrest of another man in Germany for bringing
   politically-unacceptable reading material to an airport. Also see
   Indymedia coverage of Oden's experience; the transcript of our
   interview with her from her home in Jonesboro, Maine is below.
   ---
   Interview of Nancy Oden by Declan McCullagh
   November 3, 2001
   (Ed. Note: Nancy Oden is a top U.S. Green Party official and a member
   of the party's coordinating committee. An organic farmer, peace
   activist, and all-around firebrand, she lives in Jonesboro, Maine.)
     _________________________________________________________________
   "Just a few weeks ago I had a piece in the Bangor paper. It's on our
   website, greenparty.org... I submitted it under my name alone. It's a
   fairly radical piece; that's what I do. I'm a political and
   environmental activist.
   "I walked into the Bangor airport. What I saw was National Guard folks
   all over carrying machine guns... The atmosphere was very tense...
   This was Thursday... I went over to the American Airlines ticket
   counter way down at the end. Nobody else was there, except the clerk.
   I gave him my name. He didn't even ask for photo ID. It was almost
   like they were expecting me. He put it into the computer. He stayed on
   the computer a long time, like 10 minutes.
   "He put an S on the boarding pass, for search. He said, 'You've been
   picked for having your bag searched.' ... I said to him, 'This wasn't
   random, was it?' He said, 'No you were in there to be searched, no
   matter what.' I went over to baggage to put my bags through the X-ray
   and then went into the boarding area.
   "There was this National Guard guy there. He yells over at me, so
   everyone can hear, 'Bring your bags over here.' You know how they are
   when they're all puffed up with themselves. He said, 'Hurry up,' so I
   slowed down some more.
   "I put my bags on the table. The two women employees were standing
   there. [I tried to help them with a stuck zipper.] He grabbed my left
   arm, he started yelling in my face, 'Don't you know what happened?
   Sep. 11, don't you know thousands of people died?' I said, 'You can't
   do that.' He went to grab my arm, and I said, 'Don't touch me.' I saw
   an older airline guy shake his head, 'No,' and he backed off.
   "That insulted his little manhood. He could not force me to listen to
   his idiot ideas on Sep. 11, whatever it was he wanted to say. So he
   was angry. I hadn't done anything except pull away from him... I think
   he was trying to provoke me. They did the wand thing, they were done,
   and I heard him say real soft, 'Don't let her on the plane,' like he
   was talking to himself.
   "Then I go to get on the plane since we're all done and everything,
   and the American Airlines ticket guy says,' You can't get on the
   plane.' I say, 'Why not?' ... He says, 'Because this guy says you
   didn't cooperate with the search.' ... I said, 'Didn't you see him
   grab my arm?' He said, 'No, your back was to me.'
   "He said, 'Maybe we can get you on the 4:00 plane, it's the last one
   today.' I felt, okay, let's put up with this aggravation now and I'll
   go to Chicago and we'll see what we can do... Then this little guard
   guy, it wasn't enough to stop me, wasn't done with me. He said, 'Come
   with me.' I followed very slowly, I sat down for a while. I said I'm
   carrying these bags; I need a rest... It's called passive resistance.
   "He went and found the airport police to come and talk with me. He
   went and got six other National Guard guys and they all approached me.
   Here are these six untrained, ignorant,
   don't-know-how-to-deal-with-the-public, machine-gun-armed young guys
   in their camouflage suits with their military gear hanging off of it.
   "I looked up and started laughing, 'Is all this for me, guys? What is
   this about?' There was this big burly guy, he was in front. He said,
   'You didn't cooperate with the search.' ... I said what he did was
   grabbed my arm, and I backed away... He said he only hit your arm. I
   said even if that's all he did, he's not allowed to do that. He can't
   hit my arm and demand I listen to him.
   "They had the airport policeman tell me, 'You're not flying out of
   this airport today.' ... Of course I had cooperated; why do I care if
   they search my bags? ... What I didn't like was being singled out
   because of my political views. They couldn't arrest me because there
   was no reason for that. They had people who saw there was nothing to
   arrest me for. They wanted to get back at me somehow because I was not
   a subservient female, because I questioned their manhood.
   "I went to the American Airlines guy and said, 'Is this just today?'
   He said, 'I don't know.' One clerk said, 'You could drive to Boston
   [five hours away] and see if you can get out of there.'
   "I never made it out of Bangor. I had to turn around and drive 100
   miles back home... The fact that they gave the other airlines my
   name... They told me they did that... That's incredible."

@_date: 2001-11-04 01:49:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A reasonable editorial assessment of Afghanistan status. 
References: That is true, but it is also predictable. Popular journalism follows
cycles: Shock, horror, glorify the leader, ask when the bombing's
going to start, demand to know when the bombing's going to end, and so
on. If it weren't for the anthrax attack the media may not be as harsh
on Bush, but because of the administration's apparent incompetence in
that area, expect to see more of this soon.

@_date: 2001-11-04 14:56:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Soldiers in airports screening-out political dissidents 
References: <3BE4B186.18981.159BACBA <8B5A0BBB-D14A-11D5-8D6A-0050E439C473 <4.3.2.7.2.20011104084011.02dafeb0
This shows a common but not entirely correct view of the PCA. You may wish to
read it for yourself:
A seperate question is whether the PCA has much meaning anymore; it's
just an act of Congress and can be repealed by another. Also the PCA
seems to strongly indicate the president can call out the military and
for domestic law enforcement without Congress' authorization.

@_date: 2001-11-04 15:08:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Green Party official refused security check, airline says 
This Bangor Daily News article tells a different story about the incident involving Green Party activist Nancy Oden at a Maine airport last week:
The article, by Jeff Tuttle, says:
The Green Party has put out a press release, which contains no evidence to buttress Oden's claim that she was singled out before even arriving at the airport for her political views:
Previous Politech message and interview with Oden:

@_date: 2001-11-04 21:27:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ian Clarke speaking in Washington DC Monday 
Ian Clarke (architect of Freenet) will be in Washington, DC tomorrow and is giving an informal talk.
I'm hosting the gathering, which is tomorrow, Monday, November 5, 2001 at 7 pm ET.
Email me for directions, etc. if you're interested.

@_date: 2001-11-04 22:52:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?DRUDGE_REPORT_FLASH_2001=AE_-_New_Yorker__story_false=2 
bill.stewart on Sun, Nov 04, 2001 at 07:01:43PM -0800
References: <3BE5E4B1.2194076B
  <5.0.2.1.1.20011104185127.0328f320
Right. He claims the report is untrue, but (as Jim really should know
but doesn't appear to) that does not equate to a debunking.

@_date: 2001-11-06 00:09:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: First Polygraphs and Then Torture? 
References:  Well, hell, who decides what "speech" is, or "religion," or a firearm?
(Is Politech speech, is Scientology a religion, is a stun gun a firearm?)
The answer, of course, is that the courts decide, influenced to some
extent by popular opinion and appointments to the federal bench. But
arguing that torture (or, perhaps, truth drugs) is not somehow cruel
doesn't get you all that far, at least not without the context of what
courts have said in the past, if you intend your post to be predictive at all.

@_date: 2001-11-06 23:14:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: your mail 
baptista on Tue, Nov 06, 2001 at 11:52:04AM -0500
References: <000ae09511606b1ATOSDCFE1
It worked. The risk is not that experts will be fooled. They can
scroll through the headers and figure things out.
The risk is that the message will have a Message-ID: that includes
faa.gov and some Received: lines will include faa.gov. Would make me
do a double-take.

@_date: 2001-11-06 23:27:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mail filters in qmail? 
References: <20011107004658.24794.qmail
I'm not that familiar with qmail, but I was under the impression it
was an MTA like postfix or sendmail. I presume you intended to ask
about procmail.
Put this in your procmail.rc file before your cypherpunks rule:
Insert in the new $PMDIR/kill.rc file something like this:
* ^From:.*?ravage at .*?ssz.com.*
I suspect you don't have to include the last .* (don't recall).
Do a search for procmail FAQs for far more details than you ever wanted.

@_date: 2001-11-07 10:20:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: URL for William Cooper death story 
tcmay on Tue, Nov 06, 2001 at 09:34:07PM -0800
References: <100A6572-D341-11D5-8D6A-0050E439C473
Here's another article with more detail. Gotta love the SPLC:

@_date: 2001-11-07 15:18:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
07, 2001 at 11:40:48AM -0800
References: <3BE98E3E.C844A36C
Yes, but then your clandestine midnight droppers-by could disconnect
your DSL service in advance. You'd have to couple your DSLcam with a
remote is-it-alive pinging service from a secure location...

@_date: 2001-11-07 17:57:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sony and Robots...shows how crazy the "anti-hacking" regime 
tcmay on Wed, Nov 07, 2001 at 12:08:44PM -0800
References: <3EF840CA-D3BB-11D5-8D6A-0050E439C473
Well, it would be trivial for a 'critter to write such a bill (less
trivial, though hardly impossible) to get Congress to enact it. It
could ban "electronic or computing devices that have as one of their
primary purposes the facilitation of circumvention of copyright."
Following that is a list of exceptions for general purpose PCs,
etc. Anonymous remailers would not, of course, make the list. This is
akin to the approach of Hollings' SSSCA.
Or just enact a flat ban on remailers without identity escrow.
I hosted a talk Monday with Ian Clarke, a very cypherpunkly type of fellow. We had a telecom lawyer show up and went through a brief how-to-shut-down Freenet thought experience. Especially after passage of the USA PATRIOT Act, it's sorta scary, at least for
nodes hosted in, shall we say, hostile territory.

@_date: 2001-11-07 23:51:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
References: <3BE98E3E.C844A36C
  <20011107151845.A12643
Fortunately I do not lack the ability to comprehend modern English, but I do lack the ability to read into a statement what is not there. Even if your suggestion was intended, that DSL line could be shut down as well, which was the point my response was intended to address.

@_date: 2001-11-08 02:28:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: All your mentally ill children are belong to us 
nobody on Thu, Nov 08, 2001 at 06:30:03AM +0100
References: "Nomen" doesn't get it. One can say it's no business of government while supporting the right
of private firms to do background checks on their passengers, or
strip searches if that's what they feel is necessary. Of course that
also means supporting the right of travelers to take their business
elsewhere if they find the measures objectionable.

@_date: 2001-11-12 12:14:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI wants to believe in domestic terrorists. 
on Thu, Nov 08, 2001 at 05:54:49PM -0800
References:  <3BEAC6E9.32485.1E21872
Don't be silly. Mainstream pop-journalists will be forced to note the
presence of anarchist-types here (hello, proffr) and conclude that
cypherpunks is an "unprecedented, according to law enforcement
sources, alliance of left and right extremist hate groups."

@_date: 2001-11-12 12:26:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan should be ashamed 
tcmay on Thu, Nov 08, 2001 at 10:28:57PM -0800
References: <0DCEACEB-D4DB-11D5-8D6A-0050E439C473
To defray in part the costs of running the site, I use Burst Media
(burstmedia.com), an ad agency similar in principle to Doubleclick.  I
include a small chunk of HTML code at the top of the webpage -- Burst
salespeople sell the ads and they run on my and other sites (Burst's
commission varies from 30 to 50 percent).
I do not review the ads that appear on my site, and Burst adds and
deletes advertisers (generally about 50 are cycling through at any one
time) from the list without consulting me. News organizations would
call this an editorial firewall. Burst does give me the ability to
make broad choices, like reject gambling or alcohol ads (I allow them)
or pop-up ads (I reject them).
I'd do the same with the evil blinking ads that Tim hates, if there
was a category I could reject. Fortunately, it's trivial to use
ad-blocking software if this bothers you.
The online ad business is in the toilet, true, but if I can pay part
of the server hosting fee through the ads, I'm inclined to keep doing
it. In any case, it's a stretch to say I have "established a business
relationship" with an advertiser when I have no idea what ads are
appearing -- it's only correct to say I've established a business
relationship with Burst.

@_date: 2001-11-12 12:36:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Hush press release: Microsoft Outlook "secure solution" 
November 2001: Hush Communications are pleased to introduce HushMail
Professional(tm), for Outlook 2000, the latest addition to its suite of easy
to use secure solutions.
HushMail Professional is a secure desktop solution that offers maximum
strength security (2048 bit), easy-to-use functionality including digital
signature facility, and other exciting features without the user having to
change their existing email provider.
Whether communicating a private opinion, business critical data, or a
negotiating strategy, the HushMail Professional user is able to send
encrypted email to any Hush user in the world, as well as digitally signed
email to anyone with a valid email address. With HushMail Professional users
can communicate in confidence, knowing that our state-of-the-art encryption
engine is protecting and authenticating the data.
Furthermore, HushMail Professional is just one of the solutions Hush
Communications offer with OpenPGP compliancy.  Using HushMail Professional
in conjunction with HushTools ( users can now communicate
securely with PGP and other member company applications, creating a
universal interoperable platform for secure digital technologies. PGP is the
most widely used email security protocol and this new version opens up
HushMail Professional users to an estimated 8 million PGP users worldwide.
Support for OpenPGP marks a major breakthrough in widening the appeal and
usability of Hush solutions, as it has achieved interoperability for
personal privacy and business security.
The explosive growth in e-commerce has created a battleground for secure
digital communications solutions, offering a multitude of products and
services. PKI is the only technology that provides for all critical network
security needs. These are authentication, confidentiality, data integrity,
non-repudiation, flexibility, and scalability. However, to many users, PKI
solutions are difficult to use and complex to implement. In addition, most
PKI products are not interoperable and this problem needed to be addressed
before secure services can be widely accepted. Digital organizations need to
have a common PKI system, since the various systems cannot communicate with
each other.
Hush Communications, a leading provider of managed security services and
encryption technology, is committed to the development of the Internet as a
safe and trusted business channel by delivering security technologies that
overcome interoperability problems.
In addition to HushMail Professional for Outlook 2000, other offerings
include solutions for small businesses, large enterprises, data storage
security, a Web-based tool kit for communications and a software development
kit that enables companies and developers to integrate seamless encryption
into their own business applications. Hush Communications are inviting
interested parties to review HushMail Professional immediately.
Interviews by phone or by appointment are welcomed.
Phil Zimmermann, one of the world's leading encryption experts, joined Hush
as chief cryptographer. His appointment strengthened efforts to establish
Hush as the de facto global standard of encrypted email. Zimmermann is
regarded as one of the fathers of modern encryption having created PGP
(Pretty Good Privacy), a premier email encryption program and currently one
of the world's leading encryption standards.
Phil is available to discuss the new product, our solutions range and other
issues such as:
7	The Open PGP Alliance.
7	Interoperability - the issues.
7	PKI - how it works and how it is used.
7	Creating a de facto standard for secure messaging.
7	Securing the Internet - reality or pipe dream?
7	Digital Signatures and legislation.
7	Hush Communications products and services line.
7	Outsourcing PKI.
Hush is a founding member of the OpenPGP Alliance ( an
organization dedicated to promoting compatibility among private electronic
communications systems. The company's solutions are patented and are bought
by companies in the financial, medical, and legal markets, among others.
We welcome all inquiries and review requests and we look forward to hearing
from you.
Please Contact:
Ciara Hudson
Hush Communications
12 Lower Hatch Street
Dublin 2
+ 353 1 4357 831
email: ciara.hudson at hush.com

@_date: 2001-11-12 16:34:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lne.com problems (Re: List still alive?) 
References: I'm getting this error when I try to send mail to the lne.com node:
   ----- The following addresses had permanent fatal errors -----
This seems to be a DNS problem on meer.net (which provids lne.com with
connectivity) or at lne.com itself. I've received lne.com messages today,
including the cubic-dog one, so the problem is intermittent.

@_date: 2001-11-13 00:34:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sedition 
faustine on Mon, Nov 12, 2001 at 11:37:39PM -0500
References: <200111130437.XAA10138
On Mon, Nov 12, 2001 at 11:37:39PM -0500, Faustine cited:
Which says:
Let's check the above, using California as an example since that's
what started this thread. What I found here:
Says in the relevant section:
 11460.  (a) Any two or more persons who assemble as a paramilitary
organization for the purpose of practicing with weapons shall be
punished by imprisonment in the county jail for not more than one
year or by a fine of not more than one thousand dollars by both.
   As used in this subdivision, "paramilitary organization" means an
organization which is not an agency of the United States government
or of the State of California, or which is not a private school
meeting the requirements set forth in Section 12154 of the Education
Code, but which engages in instruction or training in guerilla
warfare or sabotage, or which, as an organization, engages in rioting
or the violent disruption of, or the violent interference with,
school activities.
Faustine's loose definition of "paramilitary training" may seem to
apply, but if you read carefully, the legal definition used in the
California penal code is a bit narrower.
Naturally I'm not arguing that such laws are just, sound, or
ObCypherpunk: Look for "instruction in hacking techniques or computer
breaking-and-entering not performed by a state-licensed instructor" next.

@_date: 2001-11-13 10:59:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
nobody on Tue, Nov 13, 2001 at 09:40:26AM +0100
References: <908829314e42266afb7f48d6007b0b6c
Feel free to append ratings to your own posts, and if you like, create
a cypherpunks-nomen list that includes a full message feed but delayed
until you can get around to typing up PICS tags for each post. Or you
could start a Slash-like website where you (or registered users) could
add or delete PICS tags from each cypherpunks post that is gatewayed
to the site.
Nobody's stopping you.
Naturally such a project is silly and not worth the time it would take
to design, let alone implement. The number of people using PICS as a
search or retrieval tool for cypherpunks posts would approach one,
you. (If you really wanted to do something that might be useful, you'd
pick the more interesting threads from the dawn of the list, insert
them into a good search utility, and make that available for searching
and .tar.gz downloading.')
Anyway, there are better ways to make "highly ironic" points, if
that's your only goal.

@_date: 2001-11-13 12:09:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stimson Center demands gvt censorship of chemical-data websites 
They're talking about private websites not operated by the government:

@_date: 2001-11-13 16:48:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress moves swiftly to thwart terrorism, protect liberty 
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee on the Judiciary
F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Chairman
News Advisory
For immediate release                                                          Contact: Jeff Lungren/Terry Shawn
November 13, 2001 Crime Subcommittee Hearing and Markup Wednesday on Terrorism-Related Bills
What:           Legislative hearing on: H.R. 3275, the "Implementation Legislation for the International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings and the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism," followed immediately by Markup of H.R. 3275 and H.R. 3209, the "Anti-Hoax Terrorism Act of 2001."
Who:            Subcommittee on Crime - Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.), Chairman
When:   10:00 a.m., Wednesday, November 14, 2001
Where: 2237 Rayburn Building
H.R. 3275 is legislation implementing two international treaties cracking down on terrorism that have been signed by the United States and are expected to be ratified by the Senate in the very near future.
The International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings requires parties to the treaty to criminalize the act of terrorist bombing aimed at public or governmental facilities, or public transportation or infrastructure facilities and to either prosecute or extradite any person within their jurisdiction who engages in these bombings.  Violators would be subject to up to life in prison, and if death results from the violation, up to life in prison or the death penalty.
The International Convention for the Suppression of Financing of Terrorism requires nations to criminalize the act of collecting or providing funds with the intention that they will be used to support acts of international terrorists.  The Convention imposes binding legal obligations upon nations either to prosecute or extradite any person within their jurisdiction who unlawfully and willfully provides or collects funds with the intention that they should be used to carry out various terrorist activities.  H.R. 3275 subjects violators to up to twenty years in prison and fines of at least Witnesses: Mr. Michael Chertoff, Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, U.S. Justice Department; others TBA.
H.R. 3209 would make it a felony for an individual who engages in a hoax with the intent to convey false or misleading information that there is or will be a chemical, biological, nuclear or weapon of mass destruction attack.  Violators would be subject to up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
Terry A. Shawn
Press Secretary
  Committee on the Judiciary
U.S. House of Representatives

@_date: 2001-11-13 17:13:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sedition 
faustine on Tue, Nov 13, 2001 at 02:20:28PM -0500
References: <200111131920.OAA25756
Of course, if you're a hardcore libertarian ("abolish all
unconstitutional federal agencies, and that's most of 'em! let's
revert back to the firearms laws we had 150 years ago!"), then you
don't get listened to.
Having more "pro freedom policy analysts" in Washington won't
accomplish much until other things change too.

@_date: 2001-11-13 22:21:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why not to move to DC and become a lobbyist 
Faustine says:
This is an attractive, but, alas, naive plan.
So your closeted-libertarian-analyst presents a "rigorous and objective
analysis" saying raising the minimum wage will put people out of work?
Your opponents will present someone who argues otherwise. Your analyst
says that gun control saves lives? Opponents will ring up Handgun Control.
Your analyst says that his interpretation of the Commerce Clause
is the correct one? Someone else will cite chapter and verse otherwise.
That's even assuming you get equal time, which naturally doesn't
happen. DC is a two-party town, and GOP leaders like the size of
government just about where it is now. Oh, they might argue it should
be reduced five percent at the margins, but the big-government fans
still are griping about ONE minor federal agency (OTA) getting axed
years ago, so you won't get very far. Look what happened to the 1994
"Republican revolution." Let's not even talk about what some of the
expansionist Dems (and some GOPers) would do. Paging Sen. Feinstein...
The reality is that sober arguments have little traction in DC. (If
they did, we wouldn't be where we are now.) The currencies are votes,
money, celebrity. If you can't spend any of those in massive amounts,
don't bother showing up.
Again, you're naive. Cato, CEI, IHS, IJ, have tried. Victory is
not exactly expected anytime soon.
Might as well write code, as someone once said.

@_date: 2001-11-13 23:55:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
mischief on Wed, Nov 14, 2001 at 02:40:42PM +1100
References: <908829314e42266afb7f48d6007b0b6c
  <20011113105908.A18170 <20011114144042.A14156
Right. It's not something that I'm going to contribute to -- I don't
have time to go through my posts over a six-or-whatever-year period. But if wossname wants to do something mildly useful, that would be
somewhat more sane than PICSifying every post.

@_date: 2001-11-14 09:28:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sedition 
com>; from frissell on Wed, Nov 14, 2001 at 06:45:09AM -0500
References: <200111131920.OAA25756
  <200111131920.OAA25756
  <20011113171332.A28341
  <5.1.0.14.2.20011114064307.033eddd0
Yep, hundreds. Cato has a staff of about 100 alone. IHS/Mercatus probably
close to the same. CEI and IJ are smaller.
But DC is a big town, and a few hundred people (many of whom are support
staff and not "analysts") are vastly outnumbered by the bureaucratelia.

@_date: 2001-11-14 23:02:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || U.S. House Votes on Bills They Don't Read 
References: <3BF2FB32.EFDC4BEF
And this is a surprise?
I like the story a few years back about how a Hill staffer got a dog
run installed (cost about $100,000) in the park by his Capitol Hill
apartment, just because he could do it.

@_date: 2001-11-14 23:44:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Text of Bush's order creating military tribunals for civilians 
Many folks wrote to me pointing out that President Bush's order was
online this morning, probably by the time I sent my note to
Politech. It also appeared in today's New York Times. Mea culpa. I
wrote my note last night, but did not doublecheck before sending it
out this morning and heading off to the Cato Institute conference for
the day.
I haven't has as much time to look at this as I'd like, but the order
says military tribunals will hear cases dealing with only an accused
terrorist "who is not a United States citizen."
Jason Zengerle has a perhaps-prescient article giving arguments
for a military tribunal here:
Previous Politech message:
                                                     For Immediate Release
                                             Office of the Press Secretary
                                                         November 13, 2001
    Military Order
    Detention, Treatment, and Trial of Certain Non-Citizens in the War
    Against Terrorism
    By the authority vested in me as President and as Commander in Chief
    of the Armed Forces of the United States by the Constitution and the
    laws of the United States of America, including the Authorization for
    Use of Military Force Joint Resolution (Public Law 107-40, 115 Stat.
    224) and sections 821 and 836 of title 10, United States Code, it is
    hereby ordered as follows:
    Section 1.  Findings.
    (a)  International terrorists, including members of al Qaida, have
    carried out attacks on United States diplomatic and military personnel
    and facilities abroad and on citizens and property within the United
    States on a scale that has created a state of armed conflict that
    requires the use of the United States Armed Forces.
    (b)  In light of grave acts of terrorism and threats of terrorism,
    including the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, on the
    headquarters of the United States Department of Defense in the
    national capital region, on the World Trade Center in New York, and on
    civilian aircraft such as in Pennsylvania, I proclaimed a national
    emergency on September 14, 2001 (Proc. 7463, Declaration of National
    Emergency by Reason of Certain Terrorist Attacks).
    (c)  Individuals acting alone and in concert involved in international
    terrorism possess both the capability and the intention to undertake
    further terrorist attacks against the United States that, if not
    detected and prevented, will cause mass deaths, mass injuries, and
    massive destruction of property, and may place at risk the continuity
    of the operations of the United States Government.
    (d)  The ability of the United States to protect the United States and
    its citizens, and to help its allies and other cooperating nations
    protect their nations and their citizens, from such further terrorist
    attacks depends in significant part upon using the United States Armed
    Forces to identify terrorists and those who support them, to disrupt
    their activities, and to eliminate their ability to conduct or support
    such attacks.
    (e)  To protect the United States and its citizens, and for the
    effective conduct of military operations and prevention of terrorist
    attacks, it is necessary for individuals subject to this order
    pursuant to section 2 hereof to be detained, and, when tried, to be
    tried for violations of the laws of war and other applicable laws by
    military tribunals.
    more
    (OVER)
    2
    (f)  Given the danger to the safety of the United States and the
    nature of international terrorism, and to the extent provided by and
    under this order, I find consistent with section 836 of title 10,
    United States Code, that it is not practicable to apply in military
    commissions under this order the principles of law and the rules of
    evidence generally recognized in the trial of criminal cases in the
    United States district courts.
    (g)  Having fully considered the magnitude of the potential deaths,
    injuries, and property destruction that would result from potential
    acts of terrorism against the United States, and the probability that
    such acts will occur, I have determined that an extraordinary
    emergency exists for national defense purposes, that this emergency
    constitutes an urgent and compelling govern-ment interest, and that
    issuance of this order is necessary to meet the emergency.
    Sec. 2.  Definition and Policy.
    (a)  The term "individual subject to this order" shall mean any
    individual who is not a United States citizen with respect to whom I
    determine from time to time in writing that:
    (1)  there is reason to believe that such individual, at the relevant
    times,
    (i) is or was a member of the organization known as al Qaida;
    (ii) has engaged in, aided or abetted, or conspired to commit,
    acts of international terrorism, or acts in preparation therefor,
    that have caused, threaten to cause, or have as their aim to
    cause, injury to or adverse effects on the United States, its
    citizens, national security, foreign policy, or economy; or
    (iii) has knowingly harbored one or more individuals described in
    subparagraphs (i) or (ii) of subsection 2(a)(1) of this order;
    and
    (2)  it is in the interest of the United States that such individual
    be subject to this order.
    (b)  It is the policy of the United States that the Secretary of
    Defense shall take all necessary measures to ensure that any
    individual subject to this order is detained in accordance with
    section 3, and, if the individual is to be tried, that such individual
    is tried only in accordance with section 4.
    (c)  It is further the policy of the United States that any individual
    subject to this order who is not already under the control of the
    Secretary of Defense but who is under the control of any other officer
    or agent of the United States or any State shall, upon delivery of a
    copy of such written determination to such officer or agent, forthwith
    be placed under the control of the Secretary of Defense.
    Sec. 3.  Detention Authority of the Secretary of Defense. Any
    individual subject to this order shall be --
    (a)  detained at an appropriate location designated by the Secretary
    of Defense outside or within the United States;
    (b)  treated humanely, without any adverse distinction based on race,
    color, religion, gender, birth, wealth, or any similar criteria;
    more
    3
    (c)  afforded adequate food, drinking water, shelter, clothing, and
    medical treatment;
    (d)  allowed the free exercise of religion consistent with the
    requirements of such detention; and
    (e)  detained in accordance with such other conditions as the
    Secretary of Defense may prescribe.
    Sec. 4.  Authority of the Secretary of Defense Regarding Trials of
    Individuals Subject to this Order.
    (a)  Any individual subject to this order shall, when tried, be tried
    by military commission for any and all offenses triable by military
    commission that such individual is alleged to have committed, and may
    be punished in accordance with the penalties provided under applicable
    law, including life imprisonment or death.
    (b)  As a military function and in light of the findings in section 1,
    including subsection (f) thereof, the Secretary of Defense shall issue
    such orders and regulations, including orders for the appointment of
    one or more military commissions, as may be necessary to carry out
    subsection (a) of this section.
    (c)  Orders and regulations issued under subsection (b) of this
    section shall include, but not be limited to, rules for the conduct of
    the proceedings of military commissions, including pretrial, trial,
    and post-trial procedures, modes of proof, issuance of process, and
    qualifications of attorneys, which shall at a minimum provide for --
    (1)  military commissions to sit at any time and any place, consistent
    with such guidance regarding time and place as the Secretary of
    Defense may provide;
    (2)  a full and fair trial, with the military commission sitting as
    the triers of both fact and law;
    (3)  admission of such evidence as would, in the opinion of the
    presiding officer of the military commission (or instead, if any other
    member of the commission so requests at the time the presiding officer
    renders that opinion, the opinion of the commission rendered at that
    time by a majority of the commission), have probative value to a
    reasonable person;
    (4)  in a manner consistent with the protection of information
    classified or classifiable under Executive Order 12958 of April 17,
    1995, as amended, or any successor Executive Order, protected by
    statute or rule from unauthorized disclosure, or otherwise protected
    by law, (A) the handling of, admission into evidence of, and access to
    materials and information, and (B) the conduct, closure of, and access
    to proceedings;
    (5)  conduct of the prosecution by one or more attorneys designated by
    the Secretary of Defense and conduct of the defense by attorneys for
    the individual subject to this order;
    (6)  conviction only upon the concurrence of two-thirds of the members
    of the commission present at the time of the vote, a majority being
    present;
    (7)  sentencing only upon the concurrence of two-thirds of the members
    of the commission present at the time of the vote, a majority being
    present; and
    more
    (OVER)
    4
    (8)  submission of the record of the trial, including any conviction
    or sentence, for review and final decision by me or by the Secretary
    of Defense if so designated by me for that purpose.
    Sec. 5.  Obligation of Other Agencies to Assist the Secretary of
    Defense.
    Departments, agencies, entities, and officers of the United States
    shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, provide to the
    Secretary of Defense such assistance as he may request to implement
    this order.
    Sec. 6.  Additional Authorities of the Secretary of Defense.
    (a)  As a military function and in light of the findings in section 1,
    the Secretary of Defense shall issue such orders and regulations as
    may be necessary to carry out any of the provisions of this order.
    (b)  The Secretary of Defense may perform any of his functions or
    duties, and may exercise any of the powers provided to him under this
    order (other than under section 4(c)(8) hereof) in accordance with
    section 113(d) of title 10, United States Code.
    Sec. 7.  Relationship to Other Law and Forums.
    (a)  Nothing in this order shall be construed to --
    (1)  authorize the disclosure of state secrets to any person not
    otherwise authorized to have access to them;
    (2)  limit the authority of the President as Commander in Chief of the
    Armed Forces or the power of the President to grant reprieves and
    pardons; or
    (3)  limit the lawful authority of the Secretary of Defense, any
    military commander, or any other officer or agent of the United States
    or of any State to detain or try any person who is not an individual
    subject to this order.
    (b) With respect to any individual subject to this order --
    (1) military tribunals shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect
    to offenses by the individual; and
    (2) the individual shall not be privileged to seek any remedy or
    maintain any proceeding, directly or indirectly, or to have any such
    remedy or proceeding sought on the individual's behalf, in (i) any
    court of the United States, or any State thereof, (ii) any court of
    any foreign nation, or (iii) any international tribunal.
    (c)  This order is not intended to and does not create any right,
    benefit, or privilege, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law
    or equity by any party, against the United States, its departments,
    agencies, or other entities, its officers or employees, or any other
    person.
    (d)  For purposes of this order, the term "State" includes any State,
    district, territory, or possession of the United States.
    more
    5
    (e)  I reserve the authority to direct the Secretary of Defense, at
    any time hereafter, to transfer to a governmental authority control of
    any individual subject to this order.  Nothing in this order shall be
    construed to limit the authority of any such governmental authority to
    prosecute any individual for whom control is transferred.
    Sec. 8.  Publication.
    This order shall be published in the Federal Register.
    GEORGE W. BUSH
    THE WHITE HOUSE,
    November 13, 2001.
                                    # # #

@_date: 2001-11-14 23:59:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Secret congressional briefing on terrorism tomorrow 
Anticipated Floor Schedule:
The House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for legislative business.
Last Vote Expected: 3-4:00 p.m.
One Minutes
H.R. 2269-Retirement Security Advice Act of 2001
(Modified Closed Rule, One hour and forty minutes of debate)
Rolled Suspension votes (3 bills):
1) H.Con.Res. 228-Expressing the sense of the Congress that the children who lost one or both parents or a guardian in the September 11, 2001, World Trade Center and Pentagon tragedies (including the aircraft crash in Somerset County, Pennsylvania) should be provided with all necessary assistance (As Amended).
2)  H.R. 2887-Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act.
3)  H.Con.Res. 239-Expressing the sense of Congress that schools in the United States should set aside a sufficient period of time to allow children to pray for, or quietly reflect on behalf of, the Nation during this time of struggle against the forces of international terrorism.
Motion to go to Conference (1 bill):
1)  S. 180-Sudan Peace Act
Special Orders
Off the Floor:
Members-Only, Classified Briefing on the War on Terrorism.
3:30-4:30 p.m., HC-5, The Capitol. Briefing will be with Administration Friday's Forecast:
The House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business.
Last vote expected: ??
H.R. 3009 - Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act
(Subject to a Rule)
The House may also consider any conference reports as they become available.
Saturday's Forecast:
The House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business.
Last vote expected: ??
H.R. ___ - Department of Defense Appropriations for Fiscal 2002 (Subject to a Rule)
The House may also consider any conference reports as they become available.

@_date: 2001-11-15 00:37:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: U.K. may order firms to record Net-traffic, ban anon remaiers? 
It's a little unclear from Statewatch's website what the status of this bill is, but I gather it's been introduced in Parliament as recently as this week. You can find the text here:
Here's the section on data retention:
If I may, permit me to pose a question to the U.K. lawyers on this list: Does this give the Secretary of State the power to ban anonymous remailers operating inside the U.K.? (Or, more precisely, limit their utility by requiring record-keeping, identity escrow.) I'm not saying, of course, that the secretary would choose to exercise that authority -- at least not right away. The question is whether that authority would exist. Seems to me that "communications providers" may be defined broadly enough for that to be the See also:
"Europe set to nix Bush request, not require ISP data retention"

@_date: 2001-11-15 02:07:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.K. may order firms to record Net-traffic, ban anon remaiers? 
I'm told this bill is expected to become law by Christmas.
----- Forwarded message from Declan McCullagh  -----

@_date: 2001-11-15 15:35:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: U.K. proposal would let government ban anonymous remailers 
Previous message:
"U.K. may order firms to record Net-traffic, ban anon remaiers?"

@_date: 2001-11-15 19:36:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: U.K. proposal would let government ban anonymous remailers 
[obviously i'm not saying it would be an _effective_ ban]
----- Forwarded message from Declan McCullagh  -----

@_date: 2001-11-16 12:09:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan;Comped scribbler and bottom feeder? 
mattd on Sat, Nov 17, 2001 at 12:26:24AM +1100
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20011117001202.00a18c10
Yes, you found me out. I moderated a panel this week at the Cato
Institute, a (gasp!) libertarian-leaning think tank.
I suppose I shall go slit my wrists now.

@_date: 2001-11-16 16:25:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
aimee.farr on Fri, Nov 16, 2001 at 12:00:50PM -0600
References: I called the FBI yesterday; this is a real flyer. I'll send something
Politechwards later on today about it.

@_date: 2001-11-16 16:25:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Declan;Comped scribbler and bottom feeder? 
References: <20011116120930.A21683 I suppose that charging admission would be the free-market approach to
suicide. Not sure what I'd do with the money after death, tho.

@_date: 2001-11-17 00:55:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
faustine on Fri, Nov 16, 2001 at 06:42:47PM -0500
References: <200111162342.SAA20082
I confess I know many congressional staffers. Alas, what you say is
not quite right. Most are over-educated: law degress from decent
universities and (this is quite popular) master's and PhDs in "public
policy." What they're under-educated about, often, is an understanding
of how the world outside of Washington works. It's possible to do an
internship in college and move here immediately after graduation and
always work in the nonprofit or government sector. Hardly an honest
So what's your plan?

@_date: 2001-11-17 03:10:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Rigorous and objective" (if at first...) 
petro on Fri, Nov 16, 2001 at 10:31:24PM -0800
References: <200111170429.XAA25891
I may have started reading the list in 1994. To add something to the
above: Also in the early days, folks were still thinking through the
implications of the technologies, the future was a bit sunnier than it
is nowadays, and there weren't quite as many (this may be just wishful
thinking) loserflamers around. In addition, the FBI and Secret Service
and TIGTA and whatnot hadn't been interrogating and arresting list
Things have changed.

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:26:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
faustine on Sat, Nov 17, 2001 at 07:52:17PM -0500
References: <200111180052.TAA07856
What a good idea! Bet nobody thought of that before!
More seriously, as has been discussed here before, there are far more
serious obstacles in the path of digital cash than the AOLize'd
factor, though it's important to never forget the obvious.

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:32:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunk failures 
nobody on Sun, Nov 18, 2001 at 02:00:15AM +0100
References: Yes, this will turn out to be an incorrect prediction. Not one country
has taken serious steps to ban or limit crypto; in the U.S., even Gregg
never introduced his bill.
Tim does not equal cypherpunks, and not all of his predictions turn
out to be so off. It's difficult to predict the future accurately --
what would be more interesting is to compare relvant predictions made
by cypherpunks against predictions made by, say, groups of
politicians, academics, think tank types, and so on. Go for it.
This is actually partly true -- even Freenet, perhaps the most
promising cypherpunkly project with live code right now, barely gets a
mention on the list.

@_date: 2001-11-19 01:43:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto Terrorists to be Tried in Military Tribunal 
pcapelli on Sun, Nov 18, 2001 at 11:14:25PM -0500
References: <426bade14cabb31519c263b9ca611a5b
  <023601c170b0$adbd3da0$f87ce420
I think it's unclear, perhaps even intentionally ambiguous.
One way of reading the executive order (that section of it, at least)
is that it preserves the ability of the DoD to try members of the
military in a different form of tribunal that might have more
procedural safeguards, and that it preserves the authority of civilian
courts. That is the more, um, benign interpretation.
The other interpretation is that Bush does not want to limit the power
of the military to try civilian U.S. citizens in some cases, subject
to "lawful authority."
The thing is, though, that if Bush intends to try the second approach,
focusing on that paragraph is maybe misguided: If he's daring enough
to do it without explicit Congressional sanction, then he can just
sign another exeucitve order. Only take him a few minutes to write one
and scribble his signature.

@_date: 2001-11-19 01:52:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
faustine on Sun, Nov 18, 2001 at 05:16:54PM -0500
References: <200111182216.RAA20824
Huh? In my message, to which you replied, I said something like
"governments will not allow true anonymous digital cash to be deployed,
at least within their borders."
There's no time limit, at least a near-term limit, on that particular
How can this "problem" be resolved? I'm not sure it can, at least if
governments insist on the regulatory trappings of the modern nation-state:
Acting against "tax havens," insisting on infringing upon financial privacy in the name of thwarting tax evasion, money laundering, drug
smuggling, and now terrorism, and so on. Perhaps if the tax system were
to change to one centered on property taxes, anonymous digital cash
would be less threatening to the tax structure, but then you have the
other problems like the canonical kidnapping-extortion-assassination
ones that have been discussed before and would cause law enforcement
to step in with regulatory escrow demands.
Scale of 1 to 10? 2.

@_date: 2001-11-19 20:08:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
-0500
References: <3BF96297.94A5A98E
Ah, yes. There are many -- dozens, perhaps hundreds -- of well-known,
published nuclear engineers with practical experience in designing,
engineering, and constructing atomic weapons posting on
cypherpunks. I'm sure those folks in the audience will be delighted to
answer your questions at greath length.

@_date: 2001-11-20 11:19:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
References:  Or, put another way, it's a crankish label applied by someone with
serious comprehension problems. Everyone else can safely ignore it.

@_date: 2001-11-20 20:57:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
from nobody on Tue, Nov 20, 2001 at 05:04:03PM
  -0700
References: <58693d5cdc0e1ea90527302e1e42a2a6
I don't mean to take issue with much of what Anonymous writes, but
some of the examples mentioned can be taken care of adequately by existing payment systems. Using Amazon's payment system (they have two types, voluntary and
pay-for-content), a webmaster can charge as low as $1, I believe, for
content, and Paypal is another option. Naturally, they don't do micropayments, and they don't offer the type
of anonymity that other systems do, but the early-cypherpunk-archive-
editing project, for instance, wouldn't require anon payments in
ha'pennies either.

@_date: 2001-11-21 00:12:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
from dmolnar on Tue, Nov 20, 2001 at 11:45:57PM -0500
References: <58693d5cdc0e1ea90527302e1e42a2a6
Hmm. In the 1980s, I ran a BBS using GBBS on an Apple IIe and later an
Apple IIgs with first a Sider ][ 20 MB and then some SCSI 40 MB HDs.
GBBS just supported one user at a time, of course (I recall the
DiversiDial or somesuch software on the Apple II allowed as many users
as you had Super Serial cards or AppleCats), so I had the leech
problem. Another way around it was to limit access to the download
area to pre-approved users or folks who came with recommendations or
folks, as you say, who contributed something first. Some BBSs took
this to a bit of an extreme and asked pretty pointed questions, like
"what are your latest/best warez?" before assigning an account.

@_date: 2001-11-21 00:18:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
nobody on Wed, Nov 21, 2001 at 02:57:23AM -0000
References: Ah, but I never said I'd pay for it -- I said it might be a better use
Nomen's time than pointless flaming or somesuch.
But going with your hypothetical, Nomen could find a trusted party
with sufficient reputation capital and allow them to run the Amazon
service for him/her in exchange for a small fee. Amazon requires
a credit card number, billing address, and checking account number for a "merchant account."
Heck, I'd do it, for a sufficient expected fee, assuming legal
content, and I suspect other folks would too, for different
definitions of "expected fee."
How I would give a check or money order to Nomen is another
problem. Perhaps he/she would like a copy of something I could
download for a fee, encrypt, and send via a remailer or place in a
Usenet newsgroup?  Etc.
I never claimed that Amazon/Paypal are sufficient for all cypherpunkly
purposes; that is trivially untrue. But they may be sufficient for some

@_date: 2001-11-21 20:56:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
from sandfort on Wed, Nov 21, 2001 at 04:22:36PM -0800
References: <0d6fafaebf85a51371fc55c21b6abb9e
Or, even inside the U.S., you could run an anon mail-receiving locker
(insert $20 bill for two days, much like train station lockers)
service if you only accepted FedEx/UPS/etc. letters and
packages. Obviously it would cost more for users, but for sufficiently
valuable cargo...

@_date: 2001-11-21 21:05:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Risks of belief in identities 
nobody on Wed, Nov 21, 2001 at 06:33:22PM -0000
References: It's important to be clear about what characteristics of a national ID
card are objectionable. Among those may be a requirement that it be
shown on demand, that it be tied to databases that track movements,
etc. What is disturbing about a national ID card is not the fact that
it's standardized, for instance, but an array of features that could
crop up elsewhere.
It is possible to imagine a scenario where a database-linked,
biometric-tied system using driver's licenses is worse -- that is,
more privacy-invasive -- than some forms of a "national ID card."
I posted more on a SiliconValley.com roundtable recently:

@_date: 2001-11-21 21:16:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
tcmay on Wed, Nov 21, 2001 at 02:22:54PM -0800
References:  <4EA8739A-DECE-11D5-8C41-0050E439C473
Clearly "gep2" does not understand principles of free expression
and limited government. A shame.
But one of the few positive things about the post-Sep. 11 response is
that we haven't seen much in the way of serious proposals for prior
restraint on publications that would be allowed before that date. That is, naturally, damning with faint praise, and there have been
some moves to limit availability of info
( but it could have been far

@_date: 2001-11-21 21:18:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
blancw on Wed, Nov 21, 2001 at 04:37:50PM -0800
References: <4EA8739A-DECE-11D5-8C41-0050E439C473
Obviously as a DC resident, I hope that Washington is not hit by
any biochem/womd attack.
But if it were to happen and me and my home were to be destroyed along
with the federal bureaucracy,it seems far more likely that state governors
would step in to fill much of the "power vaccuum."

@_date: 2001-11-22 11:19:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
References: <20011121211611.C1984
Nobody is saying that free expression includes inciting a riot or soliciting murder. But it does generally include the right to write a book (and read it) without being targeted by the government. What you wrote that raised eyebrows was this:
There are plenty of books I can think of -- almost all of the Loompanics catalog -- that would fret some government official. David Burnham's books on the IRS and DOJ abuses of power are another. But I hardly think it's consistent with the First Amendment to investigate the people who buy them, or make the authors pay "protection money" for the privilege of publishing.
Then you wrote in the message below:
My translation of that is "we must require background checks on people who buy books, newspapers, or magazines" that some FBI officials dislike. (I look forward to seeing how you'll extend this to the Internet. AdultCheck, anyone? How about posts on the cypherpunks list or other fora that include more scientific or technical information than you feel comfortable with?) My translation of your last sentence is "we must criminalize the publication of certain technical or scientific information just because some bad people may get their hands on it." Comparing background checks for gun purchasers (in an approving way) to background checks to books is just Now do you see why your post is so at odds with the principles of a free society? If not, I'm not sure you're educable on this issue.

@_date: 2001-11-22 16:20:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011122095849.0230b1a0
I have little interest in debating with someone who believes in criminalizing the publication and distribution (and also, apparently, the purchasing) of scientific and technical information.
One might as well debate the merits of concealed carry .40 caliber vs. 9mm handguns with a Handgun Control lobbyist.

@_date: 2001-11-25 16:01:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
nobody on Fri, Nov 23, 2001 at 11:10:08PM +0100
References: "Nomen" makes a reasonable point. There is nothing objectionable about
Lance selling anonymizer.com accounts to the Feds (or with a
crypto-company selling crypto-ware to the Feds, not least since
they'll get the software or service one way or another). If you treat
'em the same way you treat any other paying company, and I suspect
that is the case with Lance, John's allegation of "sucking up" to
espionage and law enforcement agencies is uncalled for.

@_date: 2001-11-25 16:10:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
from anonymous on Sat, Nov 24, 2001 at
  03:50:49AM -0600
References: <1d424abd617de279a90b56732c18ba2b
What makes you, Incognito, believe the DMCA may "criminalize" the
publication of a scientific paper? What makes you believe that
Niels Ferguson's worry was not hyperbole, or a PR stunt designed
to garner press? What makes you think that a scientific paper
would generate even civil liability?
The DMCA may be a terrible law, sure, but let's keep criticisms
grounded in reality. The relevant section of the DMCA is only
a few pages long; let's hear how this could apply to scientists.
(Note Dmitry has been indicted because he and his company were selling
software to circumvent copy protection.)

@_date: 2001-11-25 16:32:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bell Trial Transcripts 
jya on Sat, Nov 24, 2001 at 08:22:55PM -0800
References: Ah, thanks for buying these and placing them online. Kept meaning
to buy the transcript of my own testimony, but that never made its
way off the to-do list.
I think you'll find that, like most people, journalists are not
in the habit of lying under oath.

@_date: 2001-11-26 01:22:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: True Names: And the Opening of the Cyberspace   Frontier 
shamrock on Sun, Nov 25, 2001 at 09:59:24PM -0800
References:   <008601c1763f$804d2080$1801fea9
I'm supposed to get a review copy mailed Monday. We'll see.

@_date: 2001-11-26 10:24:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SBC says appointing Gore-for-pres chief as president "signals 
grow revenues"
11/19. SBC named William
Daley its new President. Daley will report directly to SBC's
Chairman and CEO Edward Whitacre.
SBC is the incumbent local exchange carrier in California,
Nevada, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois,
Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin, and Indiana. SBC also holds a
majority equity interest in Cingular Wireless.
Daley was former President Bill Clinton's Secretary of
Commerce from January 1997 to June 2000. He resigned in June 2000 to become Chairman of former Vice President Al Gore's
presidential campaign. Whitacre stated in a release that "His appointment as president of SBC signals the
importance of governmental matters to our company's ability to
grow revenues ..."

@_date: 2001-11-26 10:28:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
tcmay on Sun, Nov 25, 2001 at 03:05:18PM -0800
References: Thanks, Tim, for posting an interesting essay. You say:
To expand on this: It seems that using "reputation capital" to
describe a multifaceted information space such as even the most
wretched of cypherpunks posters does not do that person justice. Even
if someone is generally correct and truth-telling, he may also be
immoral or a fan of invasive police measures or immature in debate or
prone to violations of netiquette -- any of which might lower his
reputation capital.
Sure, one can say: let's just have a complicated reputation space
(think an array of arrays) for each one of these characteristics. To
use a silly example:
    * truthtelling [0-255]
    * maturity [0-255]
    * morality [0-255]
    * netiquette [0-255]
    * spelling [0-255]
    * etc.
But that quickly becomes burdensome to use as a shorthand.
It seems to me that reputation capital is a term that has limited
value when applied to something as subjective as the areas above:
having an article published in the editorial pages of the Wall Street
Journal (or the Journal of Socialist Doctrine) may lower your
reputation capital among some people and raise it among others. This
is the nature of subjectivity.
Reputation capital is more valuable a term when describing traits that
are less subjective. When dealing with an online ecash bank, you may
want truthfulness and reliability and good customer service (for
example), which are less subjective than "interesting political

@_date: 2001-11-26 11:22:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
References: <20011126102819.B11535
At 08:15 AM 11/26/2001 -0800, David Honig wrote, quoting me:
True, in part, but it's far less subjective. We can measure GCS by time-to-answer-phone, number-of-busy-signals, etc. Other metrics, like is-your-bank-account-available-or-not, are even less subjective.

@_date: 2001-11-26 19:31:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
References: <200111262116.fAQLG6926325
I admit I'm not familiar with the details of the corporate structure,
but my understanding is that McAfee is the anti-virus arm of Network
Associates. Another NAI appendage is McAfee.com, which is majority-
owned by NAI. So you're right, not precisely the same, but they're
close enough for this purpose: I got a near-word-for-word identical
denial from NAI, below.

@_date: 2001-11-27 00:17:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
tcmay on Mon, Nov 26, 2001 at 07:06:59PM -0800
References: Perhaps Lance meant: "It seems a hypocritical position for *any*
cypherpunk to take."
On Mon, Nov 26, 2001 at 07:06:59PM -0800, Tim May wrote, quoting Lance:

@_date: 2001-11-27 10:57:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
11:35:51AM -0500
References: Some details from a 1996 paper:

@_date: 2001-11-27 12:42:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Bombastic conservative demands that DOJ censor usqueers.com 
The usqueers.com page in question:
Attorney John B. Thompson, who wrote the letter to DOJ, has a fascinating history of, for instance, reportedly attacking CBS over what he viewed as threats the network's comedy show made on the life of George W. Bush:
Thompson wrote a letter to FCC complaining about Howard Stern:
I'm not sure why CNSNews.com would call Thompson a "prominent First Amendment lawyer." He seems to be a prominent 1A lawyer in much the same way that Louis Freeh was a prominent privacy advocate.
In his email below, David Burt is talking about when the ACLU's Oregon affiliate (not the national ACLU) filed an amicus brief arguing that a federal judge close the Nuremberg anti-abortion site

@_date: 2001-11-27 13:38:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bombastic conservative demands that DOJ censor usqueers.com 
I suppose if some of the more vocal cypherpunks subscribers were
to forward their messages to Mr. John B. Thompson, he might be
persuaded to denounce this list in a letter to Ashcroft too.
----- Forwarded message from Declan McCullagh  -----

@_date: 2001-11-29 18:16:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "True Names" is out 
Arrived in the mail today, trade paperback, bah, with Tim's essay as the second chapter.

@_date: 2001-10-01 10:07:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
References:  <20010930111702.E27978 <3BB77C69.3080504
Call me unusually hawkish, but I don't see why that's necessary. Let's
say our fleet was attacked at Pearl Harbor 60 years ago -- but by an
enemy who did not paint his flag on his aircraft. Congress could, and
should, declare war on an unidentified enemy.
I admit the situation is not as clear here, since generally only nationstates
can raise air armadas and non-nationstate organizations could have trained
the Hijacking 19, but perhaps the parallels are nevertheless sufficient.
Think of it as an "unidentified co-conspirator" approach.

@_date: 2001-10-01 10:13:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
schear on Sun, Sep 30, 2001 at 03:48:39PM -0700
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20010930154543.039883b8
Until Sep. 11, at least, we may have adopted a cost-benefit
approach. Non-oil fuels are far more expensive, and more radical approaches
like wiring homes for solar would be quite intrusive and also expensive.
So perhaps (note I'm not saying our politicos were actually this smart or
that this is good foreign policy) the thinking was that by interfering in the middle east, which has a high cost, the benefits of cheap oil
justified it.

@_date: 2001-10-01 11:33:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
hseaver on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 09:55:34AM -0500
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20010930154543.039883b8
  <20011001101300.B9594
  <3BB883D8.D3D95072
I think this canard has been debunked on the list in the last week.
The current cost (say, US$1.50 a gallon) would probably be closer to half
that without taxes on each step of the process.
As for ethanol, which you cite, if it's so splendid an alternative, one
would think that ADM could survive without such lavish corporate welfare.
       Thanks to federal        protection of the domestic sugar industry, ethanol subsidies,        subsidized grain exports, and various other programs, ADM has        cost the American economy billions of dollars since 1980 and        has indirectly cost Americans tens of billions of dollars in        higher prices and higher taxes over that same period. At        least 43 percent of ADM's annual profits are from products        heavily subsidized or protected by the American government.

@_date: 2001-10-01 13:38:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
honig on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 08:25:08AM -0700
References: <3BB77C69.3080504
  <20010930111702.E27978 <3BB77C69.3080504
  <20010930153054.E15576
  <3.0.6.32.20011001082508.009307d0
I've always enjoyed the regular declarations of emergencies required
to keep the encryption export control regime active.
If an emergency exists for decades, can it still be properly called one?

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:32:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration date 
Text of the new PATRIOT ("Provide Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism") Act:
Background on other legislation:
    Eavesdrop Now, Reassess Later?
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    5:00 p.m. Oct. 1, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- House negotiators have drafted anti-terrorism
    legislation to grant police unprecedented eavesdropping powers that
    would automatically expire in two years.
    Leaders of the House Judiciary committee have crafted a new
    anti-terrorism bill, called the Patriot Act, that includes nearly all
    the surveillance abilities requested by President Bush -- but with a
    sunset date of Dec. 31, 2003. A vote on the bill is expected this
    week.
    A 122-page draft (PDF) of the Patriot Act, obtained by Wired News,
    says that police could conduct Internet wiretaps in some situations
    without court orders, that judges' ability to reject surveillance
    requests would be sharply curtailed, and that the powers of a secret
    federal court would be expanded.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:56:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Text of Ashcroft Anti-Terrorism act? 
kmself on Mon, Oct 01, 2001 at 03:56:53PM -0700
References: <20011001155653.R30576

@_date: 2001-10-02 13:30:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FTC vs. First Amendment 
honig on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 08:29:31AM -0700
References: <3.0.6.32.20011002082931.00942580
Isn't the source of the FTC's authority its statutory power against
unfair and deceptive practices? Seems as though you should be arguing
against that law -- this is just the latest action taken under it.

@_date: 2001-10-02 16:59:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration 
bill.stewart on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 01:09:50PM -0700
References: <20011001204828.A25935
  <5.0.2.1.1.20011002130702.034e05f0
If I recall properly -- read the text of the bill to check me here --
the bill explicitly invites the Prez to submit his request for an
extension in 2 yrs.

@_date: 2001-10-02 22:32:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration date 
References: <20011001204828.A25935 <5.0.2.1.1.20011002130702.034e05f0 <9pd98u$k4k$2
Ian: I think that's right (based on my reading of it yesterday, so you
may not want to treat this recollection as fact). But i think the
def'n of hacker-terrorist was also narrowed.

@_date: 2001-10-02 22:38:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Photographing Dams 
Oct 02, 2001 at 05:47:02PM -0700
References: <3BBA6006.FFED56C3
I wrote in January about a Capitol Police (federal) cop telling
me I couldn't take a photo of the Capitol building from
a public sidewalk:
Not an urban legend.

@_date: 2001-10-02 23:57:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
njohnsn on Tue, Oct 02, 2001 at 10:41:13PM -0500
References: <069A2DFF-B7AE-11D5-9404-0050E439C473
  <003701c14bbd$40412d80$0100a8c0
Agreed. It is a DNS issue.
nslookup from one box without cryptome.org cached gives me:
"can't find cryptome.org: Non-existent host/domain"
John might want to temporarily redirect cryptome.org to the IP address
(if his setup allows him to) so people get the hint, and make a note
of the IP address in large type on his homepage.
Since John talked about some server changes with Verio, it's likely
their DNS problem. Also, whois shows the cryptome.org record was
updated Oct 1 and is pointing to secure.net, whatever that is.

@_date: 2001-10-03 09:13:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
This Subject: line just doesn't seem quite as catchy any more...
SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE Bioterrorism Response Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies Subcommittee hearing on the threat of bioterrorism. Witnesses: Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., chairman, HELP Committee; Sen. William Frist, R-Tenn.; HHS Secretary Tommy Thompson; Jonathan Tucker, Ph.D., director, Chemical and Biological Weapons Nonproliferation Program, Monterey Institute of International Studies; Stephen Cantrill, associate director, Department of Emergency Medicine, Denver Health Medical Center; Jerome Hauer, managing director, Crisis and Consequences Management, Kroll Associates; Patricia Quinlist, medical director/state epidemiologist, Iowa Department of Health; Rex Archer, director, Kansas City Health Department Location: 216 Hart Senate Office Building. 10:30 a.m. Contact: 202-224-3471

@_date: 2001-10-03 11:00:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 06:38:05AM -0700
References: <3BBB14BD.5EDF8705
Inevitable next step: Enterprising cypherpunk registers censoredfedinfo.org, hunts through google's cache, posts everything
there, etc.

@_date: 2001-10-03 22:36:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
kmself on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 12:29:09PM -0700
References: <3BBB14BD.5EDF8705
  <20011003110004.A24438
  <20011003122909.F9292
It might be a nice idea, but it's expensive to implement and keep in operation. This will happen if there's a market demand, and there
does not appear to be one.

@_date: 2001-10-03 23:41:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stupid Congress Tricks: anti-terror bills target cash 
From one of the anti-terror bills said to be a sure bet to pass both chambers. Typos mine. --Declan
If a financial institution... reports a suspicious transaction to a government agency the financial institution, director, officer, employee, or agent may not notify any person involved in that transaction that the transaction has been reported...
Any financial institution that makes a voluntary disclosure of any possible violation of law or regulation to a government agency.... shall not be liable... for such disclosure or for any failure to provide notice of such disclosure to the person who is the subject of such disclosure...
Whoever... knowingly conceals more than $10,000 in currency or other monetary instruments on his or her person... shall be guilty of a currency smuggling offense (and) shall be imprisoned for not more than 5 years.
A person asserting an innocent owner defense under section 983(d) to the forfeiture of curency... must... be a bona fide purchaser... and... establish that such person took all reasonable steps to determine the source of the currency, monetary instruments, or funds; or to verify that the currency, monetary instruments, or funds were not derived from illegal Upon a showing by the property owner by a preponderence of the evidence that the currency or monetary instruments involved in the offense giving rise to the forfeiture were derived from a legitimate source and were intended for a lawful purpose, the court shall reduce the forfeiture to the maximum amount that is not grossly disproportional to the gravity of the

@_date: 2001-10-04 00:21:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: is there a red-line of PATRIOT bill? 
citizenQ on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 08:48:42AM -0700
References: Forget about the old version. You need the new version, with
amendments, just four hours old.

@_date: 2001-10-04 08:53:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
jya on Wed, Oct 03, 2001 at 11:06:59PM -0700
References: <200110040313.XAA22949
Not sure how *nix-savvy you are, John, but you may want to try out "convert." Wrapped in a simple perl or shell script, it'll take care
of resizing to some reasonable level. 768x512 is sufficient for
most casual viewing purposes, at least until monitor size/quality increases.

@_date: 2001-10-06 18:17:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Background on "Posse Comitatus" (was Re: firing a 
References: <3BBE34C3.C8807CAD
Tim knows all about this, of course, but for the benefit of the folks who may not, here's an excerpt from an article I co-authored a few years ago.
With the end of the cold war, it would have made sense for the U.S. military to shrink. Retired Army chief of staff Edward Meyer told a Washington Post reporter in 1989 that "the end of the cold war makes it inevitable that the Army will shrink far below the 772,000 on duty today."
It didn't. Supporters of an expansive U.S. military have spent the last decade finding something for it to do. In the 1980s, Congress amended the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878  which restricts the use of troops to enforce civilian laws  to let the president enlist the military in the War on Drugs. President Reagan in 1986 signed a national security decision directive declaring drug trafficking a threat to the security of the United The framers of the Constitution opposed standing armies in general, and especially their use for any purpose other than defending the country against foreign enemies. It was the arrest of civilians by the British army, quartering of soldiers in private homes, and similarly incendiary tactics that provided the tinder that sparked the American Revolution.
Less than a century later, President Lincoln usurped constitutional authority in well-chronicled ways. His justification: The inherent power of the commander-in-chief and his duty to "take Care that the Laws be faithfully Executed." During the Civil War and Reconstruction, the arrest and trial of civilians by military and civilian courts  and the impotence of civilian courts when the military refused to respect orders of habeas corpus  led to the passage of the Posse Comitatus Act.
Since that time, understanding of the dangers of deploying the military in the domestic arena has diminished. Francis Mullen, administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency, once casually dismissed civil libertarians' concerns about potential abuses if the military joined law enforcement. "There is sufficient oversight on the part of Congress and others," he told a Newsweek reporter, "to deter infringement on individual liberties." A Democratic congressman characterized the Posse Comitatus Act as a "sinful, evil law." Military leaders appear more aware of the danger of deploying forces domestically. Marine Major General Stephen G. Olmstead, deputy assistant secretary of defense for drug policy, warned a Senate subcommittee in 1987 that calling out the military to fight the drug war within the U.S. would be unwise. "One of [America's] greatest strengths is that the military is responsive to civilian authority and that we do not allow the Army, Navy, and the Marines and the Air Force to be a police force. History is replete with countries that allowed that to happen. Disaster is the result."
Use of military procedure by FBI agents proved disastrous at Ruby Ridge. Vicky Weaver was murdered in part because the officers who shot her were governed by military rules of engagement. They allow troops to shoot an enemy on sight  a far cry from the rules controlling domestic law enforcement. At Ruby Ridge the rules of engagement let officers fire at any armed adult, rather than engage in usual threat assessment.
Even though using the military to perform civilian functions is extraordinarily dangerous, the Posse Comitatus Act has gradually been eroded. The Stafford Act of 1984 allows the military to help during natural disasters. After a natural disaster, a governor can ask the president to declare a state of emergency. Once it declares an emergency, FEMA can deploy soldiers on active duty. In August of 1992, the Army was deployed in South Florida to respond to Hurricane Andrew, and a month later on the island of Kauai after Hurricane Iniki.
Since the Posse Comitatus Act remained in effect during this time, soldiers could not enforce the law, arrest or detain civilians, or serve search warrants. In South Florida the soldiers doled out aid to citizens and illegal immigrants alike, no questions asked. Active-duty soldiers were not permitted to provide security at relief centers occupied by civilians.
When it comes to the use of troops to restore order during riots, however, the president can suspend the Posse Comitatus Act at the stroke of a pen. The act doesn't cover soldiers deployed as authorized by the Constitution or exempted from the act by statute. Defense Department regulations* outline one of the larger loopholes. It allows the use of soldiers "to prevent loss of life or wanton destruction of property and to restore governmental functioning and public order when sudden and unexpected civil disturbances, disaster, or calamities seriously endanger life and property and disrupt normal governmental functions."
The reality? The president can deploy troops whenever he feels like it. President Bush did just this in response to the the Los Angeles riots. On April 29, 1992, the jury released its verdict in the Rodney King trial. A wave of riots followed. On May 1, 1992, California asked the president for aid; Bush responded with an executive order allowing the secretary of defense to call out the Army.
* DoD Directive 3025.12.

@_date: 2001-10-06 18:26:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gun show friggin loophole 
on Fri, Oct 05, 2001 at 06:42:25PM -0400
References: <3BBE3751.2A42B910
As you can probably guess, I had nothing to do with the "gun show
loophole" article; I was in Ohio speaking at a conference and first
learned of it when it appeared on Wired's website.
If you would like to respond and politely suggest other approaches the
article could have taken, I would encourage you to email:
  newsfeedback at wired.com

@_date: 2001-10-07 20:28:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Another precious moment from shrub... 
References: <3BC0E8E0.9030601 <3BC08C38.5232.2AD50195
Often transcripts are done phonetically and touched-up by hand. Or,
if the repasted quote came from an article, well, CNN reporters have
been known to make mistakes on occasion, just like anyone else.

@_date: 2001-10-07 22:40:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Another precious moment from shrub... 
References:  <3BC0E8E0.9030601 <3BC0F013.5040508
"More than two weeks ago, I gave Taliban leaders a series of clear and
specific demands: Close terrorist training camps; hand over leaders of
the al Qaeda network; and return all foreign nationals, including
American citizens, unjustly detained in your country."

@_date: 2001-10-08 01:43:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What color are anthrax spores anyway? 
References:  Hint: This isn't the style AP uses.
The biggest problem would-be hoaxers have is crafting articles in the
appropriate style -- very, very few can pull it off.

@_date: 2001-10-08 08:44:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Hoax Articles Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Sun, Oct 07, 2001 at 11:54:50PM -0700
References: <20011008014331.A14907
  <5E835924-BBB9-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
Almost. The most obvious sign that this is a hoax is your inclusion
of the state in the dateline. For major cities, it's usually not included.

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:05:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet Hoax Articles Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Mon, Oct 08, 2001 at 09:17:07AM -0700
References: <20011008084414.B14907
Right. That's why I said "major cities." Everyone knows where Philadelphia
is; I have no idea where "Knob Noster" would be without a bit of a hint.

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:09:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What color are anthrax spores anyway? 
>; from reeza on Sun, Oct 07, 2001 at 08:46:44PM -1000
References: <4.3.2.7.2.20011007190449.02e0d2f0
  <5.1.0.14.2.20011007231914.046a7970
  <4.3.2.7.2.20011007202409.02c2ceb0
Not so. Driving back from Arlington a moment ago, I heard it on NPR (or on the NPR affiliate's pickup of the BBC feed, close enough).
Second Case of Anthrax in Florida
Oct. 8, 2001 10:25 ET
Second anthrax case in Florida
Oct. 8, 2001 10:10 ET
Local News - The Cincinnati Enquirer
Oct. 8, 2001 05:04 ET
Second Floridian, Workplace Test Positive for Anthrax (Update8)
Oct. 8, 2001 15:05 ET

@_date: 2001-10-08 23:22:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
tcmay on Mon, Oct 08, 2001 at 05:06:46PM -0700
References: <58627396-BC23-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
  <8742EEE4-BC49-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
Time to take extra precautions when opening suspicious packages in
the Wired News DC mailroom.
Anyone who really wants to reach me will send email, anyway.

@_date: 2001-10-09 01:05:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on Anthrax cases at publishing company in Florida 
xeni on Mon, Oct 08, 2001 at 09:07:32PM -0700
References: <8742EEE4-BC49-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
Of course it's probably Fox News that would be targeted first, with
the "Indicted Terrorist" or similar label slapped alongside ol'OBL at
every possible opportunity.

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:20:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House appointment: Officer of Cyber-security 
xeni on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 09:40:50AM -0700
References: LA Times reported it in today's paper:
Clarke is correct. He's a Clinton admin holdover. Rather hawkish:
A letter that Tauzin sent Clarke last year:
Google will have more on Clarke. But this isn't that terribly
interesting, IMHO.

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:29:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 10:09:25AM -0700
References: <3BC307C9.F300BDDE
  <63E073AE-BCD8-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
There is a tiny bit of room for negotiations. You could agree to do the
interview on condition that they read you back the quotes (or email you
back the quotes) that they're going to use in the article.
Note I'm not saying you should give interviews to the press -- none
of my business, really -- but there is a way to do it and avoid being

@_date: 2001-10-09 14:30:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: White House appointment: Officer of Cyber-security 
on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 02:20:05PM -0400
References:   <20011009142005.A18392
Just to be clear: The fellow is Richard Clarke. Roger Clarke is the
Australian cryptographer/academic/engineer:

@_date: 2001-10-09 20:04:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
nobody on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 11:40:14PM +0200
References: <910ab3ffda50b37fd079c10a14793d46
Not necessarily. Anyone who wants to post something controversial and
deny it later will hide it behind a cgi script or something Google
won't index.
Google caches catch only those who didn't take precautions.
Sounds great. Good luck in starting it. I'm sure you've estimated
how much this will cost -- and what market demand will be.
(online since early 1980s, on the Internet since 1988, who still
thinks FAQs are a great way to find info)

@_date: 2001-10-09 22:04:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
References: <20011009142908.B18392
  <63E073AE-BCD8-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
  <3BC307C9.F300BDDE
  <63E073AE-BCD8-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
Agreements similar to this that sources make with media organizations have been held by courts to be enforceable, yes. I suspect this one would be too.
Too late? How about damages.
No, reporters will want to ask questions on the phone, or, more rarely, in person for audio or video taping. (There are many good reasons for this.) An essay by Tim isn't good enough for those reasons and also, frankly, for more parochial reasons of "exclusivity."

@_date: 2001-10-09 22:59:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011009220302.00a70d10
  <3.0.6.32.20011009183151.009a4100
  <20011009142908.B18392
  <63E073AE-BCD8-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
  <3BC307C9.F300BDDE
  <63E073AE-BCD8-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
That's always an engineer's problem. :)
Tech may be a partial solution. Tim could tape-record the conversation (or, if there were sufficient market demand, conference in a neutral party to do the recording) and damage the reporter's reputation capital by posting the audio clip if he ends up misquoted.
This obviously requires more effort than he appears willing to spend. But some PR flacks do record conversations with journalists for precisely this reason. (Less so damaging reputation capital, more so obtaining a clarification/editor's note if something goes awry.)

@_date: 2001-10-09 23:18:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 07:33:58PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011009220302.00a70d10
  <423F1008-BD27-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
Come, now. There are different grades of journalist: Some are reasonably
clueful and write frequently about these topics, and others are dilettantes
told by their editors to "find something new about P2P to write about."
I remember that Steven Levy from Newsweek went out to interview you,
the content of which made its way into a chapter of his Crypto book,
which you've recommended.

@_date: 2001-10-09 23:23:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
honig on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 06:50:40PM -0700
References: <910ab3ffda50b37fd079c10a14793d46
  <3.0.6.32.20011009185040.0099be20
Huh? There's little to search with when it comes to images, unless
you pull from the surrounding content, which Google does.
There are several orders of magnitude difference between storing web
page-size content and the kind of filename-size content that would
appear in image titles and descriptions.
In other words, an index of just JPG image titles would be far
smaller than an index of the same number of web pages (though the
binary files themselves, which won't be indexed, would likely consume
more space).

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:12:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 08:22:50PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011009225616.02680cb0
  <1555FC69-BD2E-11D5-B568-0050E439C473
I've been doing semi-regular appearances on CNN for about four years.
They'll send a car for you if you ask, no need to drive.
But I suppose I fall into the above category. I do TV interviews
primarily because, in no particular order: (a) it's good experience;
(b) it raises my profile and the profile of my employer; (c)
management likes it; (d) I can try to inject some substance into what
are typically superficial discussions. Not saying I generally succeed,
of course. I find that radio shows are better for more in-depth
discussions. Usually, with the exception of NPR, you can do them
from home.
I did NBC network evening news not long ago. I didn't feel like going
into their bureau (about 15-20 minutes away),l so I had them come to
my home. It took them about four hours from the time they arrived to
the time they left, mostly lighting and setup. A large portion was
B-roll of me typing dummy entries into Microsoft Passport, punctuated
by me talking to their reporter in NYC via a speakerphone sitting on a
chair while I pretended to look straight ahead, as if I were looking
her in the eye. Sigh. They used about 7 seconds of what I said.

@_date: 2001-10-10 09:14:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
tcmay on Tue, Oct 09, 2001 at 09:23:03PM -0700
References: <20011010001203.A6096
  <7F6D52E4-BD36-11D5-8912-0050E439C473
I go on CNN about once every month or two. Usually "Morning Edition."

@_date: 2001-10-10 09:20:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: who wants to be a millionaire 
References: No, I've written about "mattd" in the past, and, unless the Australian
news media is lying to us, he's a self-professed anarchist who got in
legal trouble for vandalizing a McDonalds on May Day, I recall. He's
also entertained himself -- and us -- by taunting cops around the
globe with AP-threats on indymedia sites. Now he's found the
cypherpunks list and is apparently here to stay. At least until his

@_date: 2001-10-10 12:11:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OK, folks, the Bert-Osama connection is for real 
xeni on Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 08:46:35AM -0700
References: See also:
   WASHINGTON -- Evil Bert, meet Evil Osama.
   Right now, the two appear to be inseparable -- at least on ubiquitous
   posters carried by pro-Taliban protesters.
Wired News has confirmed with Reuters that the Bert image is in the
original photo.

@_date: 2001-10-10 12:14:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: OK, folks, the Bert-Osama connection is for real 
xeni on Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 08:46:35AM -0700
References: A small point of netiquette: Xeni, you've been sending posts to some
"talk at strangelove.cc" list, and copying cypherpunks. When cypherpunks
subscribers reply to all, they get this message:
        : Sorry, only subscribers may post.
Perhaps it would be possible to send two messages, one to "talk" and
the other to cypherpunks, instead of copying cypherpunkes on messages
sent to a private list?

@_date: 2001-10-10 18:23:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
References: <008f01c151c7$db535d60$6b8d1d18
On Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 04:12:13PM -0400, Elyn Wollensky forwarded:
The trouble has nothing to do with the Internet. It has everything
to do with shoddy journalism.
I like the way the "retraction" still argued, pitifully and
implausibly, that the alleged secret meeting "may" still have

@_date: 2001-10-10 18:29:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
References: <008f01c151c7$db535d60$6b8d1d18
 <20011010182303.B17892
Well, no. If folks no longer worked at their respective firms, and if they were seen in public thousands of miles away the same day, I think it seems pretty clear that the Register's "secret meeting" report is hokum.
Don't need no conspiracy theory to explain this kind of shoddy reporting.

@_date: 2001-10-10 20:31:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Documented criminal/terrorist uses of cryptography? 
on Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 08:03:18PM -0400
References:   <3BC4E1C6.FA5EFFBF
I agree. One of two obstacles likely stands in the way of documented
criminal use of stego or crypto:
1. The terrortypes haven't used it yet
2. Revealing it in enough detail to count as "documentation"
   would compromise sources and methods
But that hasn't stopped the leaks and such:
   WorldNetDaily Reports WTC Terrorists Used Encryption

@_date: 2001-10-10 23:36:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bert-Bin Laden: Declan explains it all 
gbnewby on Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 09:01:09PM -0400
References:   <20011010210109.A27986
Don't these map to the same URL? In any case, both look identically
Bertful to me.

@_date: 2001-10-10 23:43:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Documented criminal/terrorist uses of cryptography? 
drevil on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 03:19:17AM -0000
References: <3.0.6.32.20011010195424.007c8650
  <20011011031917.16250.qmail
I would have predicted that on the evening of Sep. 11. I've documented
Freeh's calls in the past for just this. I was concerned enough about
this prospect years ago that I convinced some nonprofit groups to
include "protect Net anonymity" in their annual handbooks that go to
congresscritters. But it hasn't happened in Congress yet, and now's a
pretty good time to get this stuff through.
That's the good news. The bad news is that the Senate is preparing to
vote as early as Thurs morning on their USA Act (text at
leahy.senate.gov), and the amendments being proposed by Feingold are
decent but pretty weak. I'll probably put up the text at
wartimeliberty.com soonish.

@_date: 2001-10-10 23:44:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Larry Ellison pushes national ID registry in WSJ 
from mixmaster on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at
  02:15:01AM +0200
References:

@_date: 2001-10-11 02:07:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NYT:At U.S. Request, Networks Agree to Edit Future bin 
hseaver on Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 11:37:08PM -0500
References:   <3BC52196.6FBB9725
Um, right. I'm sure the White House will be overjoyed. Besides, how could
you tell it's an accurate transcript?
See also an excerpt from a WH briefing Wed:

@_date: 2001-10-11 02:40:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDT: congressional action call - before Friday morning, 
citizenQ on Wed, Oct 10, 2001 at 11:14:37PM -0700
References: CDT is on the right track, but I'd be hesitant to call my senators and
endorse Feingold's amendments until I knew what they said. The CDT
alert is silent on details. That's a shame, since they could have
easily included a summary of the amendments (which I really will put
online soon, along with their text).

@_date: 2001-10-11 09:16:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Talking to the Press Considered Harmful 
References: <20011010001203.A6096 <7F6D52E4-BD36-11D5-8912-0050E439C473 <878zeimr44.fsf
Obviously you don't understand the media biz. If you really were
doing PR for CCC, they had a pretty poor excuse for a flack.

@_date: 2001-10-11 10:00:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bert-Bin Laden: Declan explains it all 
gbnewby on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 09:38:14AM -0400
References:   <20011010210109.A27986
  <20011010233623.B22187
  <20011011093814.C15371
Ack, you're right!
Time for a petition drive: "Bring Back Bert!"

@_date: 2001-10-11 10:34:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NYT:At U.S. Request, Networks Agree to Edit Future bin 
References:   <3BC52196.6FBB9725
  <20011011020706.A4135
I believe that qualify as taunting Happy Fun Fed.

@_date: 2001-10-11 11:12:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Freedoms Curtailed In Defense Of Liberty 
10:00:14AM -0400
References: In that particular story, art is not imitating life, but quoting from it.
The Onion story:
    "all Americans -- not just outspoken talk-show hosts like Bill Maher
  -- must watch what they say"
The WH spokesman's real quote:
  "There are reminders to all Americans that they need to watch
   what they say, watch what they do, and this is not a time for remarks
  like that; there never is."

@_date: 2001-10-11 11:46:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How civil liberties groups split over Senate wiretap bill 
...
   Civil liberties groups have split over how to react to the impending
   vote on the most important wiretapping and eavesdropping bill in a
   generation.
   The American Civil Liberties Union has taken a hard-line approach,
   asking its members to reject the entire bill. An alert calls the USA
   Act "a bill that would significantly undermine many of the freedoms
   that Americans hold dear."
   The Electronic Frontier Foundation of San Francisco has taken a
   similar position, saying that "Sen. Feingold is expected to offer some
   amendments, but they will not address all of the concerns with this
   legislation."
   Feingold's amendments rewrite only a tiny portion of the vast bill.
   Even with them, the USA Act would still allow police to conduct
   Internet eavesdropping without a court order in some circumstances,
   allow federal prosecutors to imprison non-citizens indefinitely, and
   extend the duration of an electronic surveillance order issued by a
   secret court from 90 to 120 days.
   The Washington-based Center for Democracy and Technology is taking a
   noticeably milder approach.
   CDT is not urging the activists who populate its e-mail alert lists to
   tell their senators to oppose the USA Act. Instead, in an alert dated
   late Wednesday, CDT says: "Call your senators in Washington right away
   and let them know that you think civil liberties should be part of the
   balance as we move forward to protect our country from terrorism. Urge
   them to support the Feingold privacy amendments."
   ...

@_date: 2001-10-11 11:47:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feingold amendment text URL (was Re: CDT: congressional 
Fortunately, I have other things to do in my life than please you. I placed the text online as soon as I could, which was this morning:

@_date: 2001-10-11 15:23:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feingold amendment text URL (was Re: CDT: congressional 
on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 11:57:57AM -0400
References: Indeed you guys were (and are) on top of things. But the factsheet
( has
been deleted.

@_date: 2001-10-11 17:54:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tracking the RIAA Source 
jya on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 11:08:26AM -0700
References: <200110111514.LAA18038
Naturally this is incorrect. I had all day yesterday to check with
folks who were supposedly there, and I've satisfied myself that the
"meeting" was a fiction.
Face it, John: You and Cryptome got suckered. Now everyone knows all
they have to do to post some document on your site is to come up with
a reasonably plausible forgery sent from a hotmail.com address or the
equivalent. Maybe some Feds will send you "leaked cypherpunk grand
jury investigation" documents that the fine friendly folks in Seattle
wrote over drinks and giggles last evening.
Now, I'm not really faulting you, since you never claimed that the
document was real, as the Register did. In fact, Cryptome's policy, as
I understand it, has not been to vouch for the authenticity of
information. Post what you get, we love it, it's a wonderful
experience in online bottom feeding, a tour of the muck and mud,
and an unprecedented lure for Feds, journalists, and cypherpunks alike.
But, my friend, if what you post turns out to be a malicious forgery,
don't get huffy about it.

@_date: 2001-10-11 18:09:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI: More Attacks Soon 
from dmolnar on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 04:51:17PM -0400
References: <200110112021.f9BKLNH04289
Here's the explanation:

@_date: 2001-10-11 18:40:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feingold amendment text URL (was Re: CDT: congressional   
References: <20011011152324.A4267
  <20011011152324.A4267
Ah, understood.
The problem is that the Senate is going to be debating the bill -- and the amendments -- in an hour or two. :)

@_date: 2001-10-11 20:17:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: American IRA website terrorized by FBI, closed on threats 
Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 04:16:23PM -0700
References: <3BC62847.95F8053E
Are you sure you believe this report?
I'm not sure I'd take it as face value, especially what Mr. Towle says.

@_date: 2001-10-11 22:23:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senate debate right now on CSPAN2 
The debate over Feingold's amendments started around 9pm. One got overwhelmingly defeated, and Feingold has given up on another. That leaves two privacy-protective amendments to go (don't hold your breath).

@_date: 2001-10-11 22:34:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tracking the RIAA Source 
jya on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 08:29:08PM -0700
References: <200110111514.LAA18038
  <200110111514.LAA18038
  <20011011175436.A8696
  <200110120035.UAA25477
John, we all adore you, but you gotta decide whether you're going to
stand behind what you post or not. Either way -- you say it's legit or
you disclaim all knowledge of its validity -- is fine with me, and, I
suspect, the bulk of your readers.
But right now you seem to want to have it both ways. You want to be
able to claim credit for when what you post is legit, and you want to
be able to slink away from what you post that's a fucking lying hoax,
to use your words.
Otherwise you'll just be used by fucking lying hoaxers, and worse.
Let me put this another way. Based on my conversations yesterday, I
have every reason to believe that the hoax was, well, a hoax. If you
have a shred of evidence to the contrary that your hoax-report was in
fact true, please do post it.
No? You don't? I see.
Your fan,

@_date: 2001-10-11 23:55:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feingold amendment 
schear on Thu, Oct 11, 2001 at 08:40:42PM -0700
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011011203505.03e0fdf8
All three Feingold amendments have been killed by votes of about 90-10
each time. So much for that idea.
I'm going to be writing tomorrow about the conference committee. I wouldn't
be too optimistic about the prospects there.
Face it, folks, Congress is now dysfunctional.*
* Maybe it was before, but it's just so glaringly obvious now.

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:29:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feingold amendment 
References: <20011011235525.A14834
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011011203505.03e0fdf8
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011011203505.03e0fdf8
Yeah. The sequence went as follows, starting at 9 pm:
1. Feingold introduced amendment to the USA Act
2. Feingold, Wellstone, Cantwell spoke in favor of it
3. Just about everyone else led by Hatch, Leahy, Daschle opposed it
4. Daschle moved to table
5. Everyone voted to table
6. Goto Line 1
The votes were:
83-13 to table the trespasser snooping amendment
90-7 to table roving wiretap limits
89-8 to table subpoena limits
Feingold did a reasonable enough job, but he did wimp out and not introduce the "secret search ban" amendment. Would have been good to have some debate on that. Debate ended around midnight.

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:39:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: FBI posts "skyfall" terrorism alert, says, oops, we'll 
References: <20011011175727.A9199
Nah. Right now the executive branch is more worried about spooking the public than lobbying Congress over a fight they've already won. Also, senators' minds were made up long before the late-afternoon news of this "skyfall" release got out. Besides, how much more support do they need? A vote of 94-3 instead of 90-7?

@_date: 2001-10-12 13:08:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Update on anti-terror bill: House about to vote on a *new* bill 
Here's what's happening right now (turn on CSPAN):
1. The House Judiciary committee approved the "PATRIOT Act" 36-0, with a two-year expiration date for wiretapping:
2. The Senate voted last night 96-1 for the USA Act without Sen. Feingold's privacy amendments:
3. The House Rules committee met early this morning to set a rule that specified what bill would go to the floor:
4. According to the speaker's office, the bill is the "base Senate text" of the USA Act with five or six changes that Rep. Conyers had wanted. One of those is that the wiretap sections expire in December 2004 -- unless the president decides it is in the "national interest" to continue them, which would expire them in December 2006.
4. The House voted 211-205 midday today (along party lines) on a preliminary procedural step allowing the bill to be considered.
5. Now they're about to vote on the rule. The rule does not allow amendments, just provides for an up-or-down vote on the USA Act v2.0. CSPAN is carrying this debate.
5. When the House approves the USA Act v2.0 -- I say "when" because I think it's very likely -- it'll be sent back to the Senate for approval. Because the changes (besides the expiration date) are minor, the Senate may vote for it unchanged and send it to the president, something Rep. Senenbrenner predicts will happen.
6. That means no conference committee is necessary.
7. You can find the USA Act v2.0 here:
 (525 KB)
 (a mirror site)
-Declan

@_date: 2001-10-12 19:53:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House update on anti-terror bills: Look out 
on Fri, Oct 12, 2001 at 01:26:08PM -0400
References: <3BC72299.B14EFEA0 <3BC727B0.65D347AC
Ron Paul is extraordinarily reliable.
For comparison, see below.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                           CONTACT: Brian Walsh FRIDAY OCTOBER 12, 2001                                           202-225-2931; (877) 836-1325 Barr Supports Compromise Anti-Terrorism Bill
Legislation Passes House with Bipartisan Majority
        WASHINGTON, D.C. -- U.S. Representative Bob Barr (GA-7), a
senior Member of the House Judiciary Committee, today issued the
following statement after supporting House passage of a comprehensive
anti-terrorism bill, which contains a five-year sunset provision.
        "I supported the anti-terrorism legislation today, not because
I thought it to be a perfect bill or that it may have prevented the
attacks of September 11th.  Rather, I supported the legislation
because it is a necessary step to take at this time,and it is an
appropriate compromise reached between many competing interests.  I'm
not happy with every provision in the bill, nor will I relent in my
defense of our civil liberties in the coming days, but this represents
a meaningful step to prevent future terrorist attacks.  As America
sets-out to find those responsible for the acts of war perpetrated on
us, my determination to accomplish this goal will be matched only by
my continued determination to protect the Bill of Rights."
Barr, a former federal prosecutor, represents Georgia's Seventh
District.  He serves on the House Financial Services, Judiciary, and
Government Reform Committees.

@_date: 2001-10-13 10:37:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House votes 339-79 to approve USA Act v2.0 "anti-terror" bill 
You can tell how your congresscritter voted on the unsuccessful
attempt to send back to to committee -- a good idea -- which failed 73-345:
The 339-79 final roll call vote to approve the USA Act v2.0:
Text of USA Act v2.0:
Background on debate:
   House Endorses Snoop Bill
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Oct. 13, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- The House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly Friday
   afternoon to hand unprecedented surveillance powers to police.
   Just hours after the Senate approved its version of the anti-terrorism
   bill, House legislators followed suit by voting 339-79 to ease limits
   on wiretapping and Internet monitoring.
   The big difference: The House attached an expiration date to the "USA
   Act" (PDF). The wiretap sections expire in December 2004 -- unless the
   president decides it is in the "national interest" to extend them
   until December 2006.
   During the five-hour debate, legislators complained that House leaders
   had forced a vote before anyone had a chance to review the 175-page
   bill. Early in the morning, top House Republicans met privately and
   abruptly agreed to use the Senate's anti-terrorism bill instead of a
   more moderate one that their colleagues had expected.
   Democrats were the most strident critics of that decision. Barney
   Frank (D-Massachusetts) said: "What we have today is an outrageous
   procedure: A bill, drafted by a handful of people in secret, comes to
   us without a committee review and immune to amendment."
   Frank was talking about a rule handed down from GOP leaders on Friday
   morning that banned any changes to the USA Act before the vote.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-10-13 21:41:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: bush wheels out the nukes 
auto301094 on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 03:13:06PM -0700
References: <200110132213.f9DMD6v88721
Is it just me, or does anyone else not see the word "nuclear" in
this reported conference report?

@_date: 2001-10-14 10:23:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Safeweb Hotmail Question 
saeq on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 03:32:00PM -0700
References: <200110131411.KAA29044
  <3BC86716.5040108
  <5.1.0.14.2.20011013145602.00a3b940
This jibes with what I know (I've written about and spoken with
these blokes a few times, FWIW).

@_date: 2001-10-14 10:28:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: possession of brown sugar and envelopes illegal ? 
morlockelloi on Sat, Oct 13, 2001 at 10:12:38PM -0700
References: <20011014051238.33388.qmail
I think that's an interesting argument, but you'll note that the Florida
Anthrax case targeted a firm that was hardly in a "high density living"
situation. Apparently it was a nondescript suburb.
Throughout history people have congregated together, in family groups
and small tribes. It strike me as hardly likely that we'll give up
that pleasure because of some vague fear of anthrax. (Maybe huge
island cities like NYC, however, will see a sudden erosion of
residents.) Instead we'll take proper precautions and continue
This is a perfect market opportunity for a "mail opening and detoxification"
firm that would be employed by media groups and large, hated computer
companies as a contractor. Think food tasters, but different.

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:19:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on "new physics" 
tcmay on Sun, Oct 14, 2001 at 10:40:40AM -0700
References: <3BC9B9ED.1040802
  <95F357A4-C0CA-11D5-9467-0050E439C473

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:30:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: You Can Have Your Rights Back When We're Done 
on Mon, Oct 15, 2001 at 12:24:28PM -0400
References:   <3BCB0DBC.3A50D08B
It might not be malice or incompetence but simple vindictiveness. The
WashPost article reports this is happening in NYC, where there's no lack
of angry police and government prosecutors around. Not saying this kind
of secret detention is right, of course, but if you're looking
for explanations...

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:33:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: RIAA wants to be able to hack "online pirates" 
on Mon, Oct 15, 2001 at 10:24:28AM -0700
References: <20011015102428.A15424
That is an excellent summary, better than the one at the top of my
article. You can find the text of the proposed, unsuccessful
amendment to the USA Act here:

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:38:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | First Steganographic Image Found In The Wild 
References: <3BCB3F37.C27C3605
This is a misleading Subject: line and misleading Slashdot post.
Here's what I wrote about it last week:
A better Subject: line would be "it took a rigged demo of stego
prepared for ABC News and later posted on a stego-firm's website for
the stego-detection folks to finally claim they found stego."

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:44:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20011015174709.01e54c40 <731F1F24-C1D3-11D5-9C6B-0050E439C473 <5.1.0.14.2.20011015184303.01e5ab40
On what grounds? What arguments would you lodge against the eavesdropping
and wiretap sections? Fourth Amendment?
This is not an idle question; I'd actually be interested in pointers to
analysis on the subject. But just as the Supremes have failed to strike
down many unconstitutional laws, I suspect they can find a way to avoid
having to do that (so much jurisprudence is devoted to how striking down
laws by the judiciary should be a measure of last resort).

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:49:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada slaughters civil rights 
tcmay on Mon, Oct 15, 2001 at 09:05:15PM -0700
References:  <00D929EE-C1EB-11D5-9C6B-0050E439C473
Right. Terrible customer focus, to use some buzzword phrase. Even putting
political issues aside, I'd have a very tough time recommending their
products to anyone after this week-or-two discontinuation.
It would be like the Well abruptly deciding to kill my well.com address
with a week's notice, after I've had it since 1995, and rely on it for
professional and personal reasons.
Maybe, maybe not. I've had numerous reports from reliable sources who
have said that the change was in the works before Sep.11. Maybe the attacks
speeded it up.
Some possible good news, for a change. Sen. Judd Gregg, who said he
was introducing legislation to restrict crypto, seems to have a change
of heart. My article will be up at wired.com tomorrow.

@_date: 2001-10-17 00:53:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada slaughters civil rights 
References: <00D929EE-C1EB-11D5-9C6B-0050E439C473
Or yanking its network connections, which I wrote about a while back.
And here's what one professor of international law at Georgetown says:
"I suspect we could blow them out of the water, although I wouldn't
recommend that, and if they were in fact propagating illegal material
I bet nobody would really care. There would be few consequences if
nobody is interested."

@_date: 2001-10-17 01:01:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Martial law supposedly implemented in the US 
jya on Tue, Oct 16, 2001 at 08:06:59PM -0700
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20011016155542.045a0ba0
  <5B4EB71E-C28E-11D5-B48C-0050E439C473
  <200110170013.UAA19304
Yeah, here's what I sent to Politech:
It seems that the TLJ article played up the AP link far too much,
which is why I tried to set it straight. I know the TLJ editor, a
DC lawyer, and I'm a little surprised he'd do that.

@_date: 2001-10-17 11:11:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Gregg changes his mind, won't introduce anti-encryption 
Senator Backs Off Backdoors
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Oct. 17, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Sen. Judd Gregg has abruptly changed his mind and will
   no longer seek to insert backdoors into encryption products.
   A spokesman for the New Hampshire Republican said Tuesday that Gregg
   has "no intention" of introducing a bill to require government access
   to scrambled electronic or voice communications.
   "We are not working on an encryption bill and have no intention to,"
   spokesman Brian Hart said in an interview.
   Two days after the Sept. 11 attacks, Gregg strode onto the Senate
   floor and called for a global prohibition on data-scrambling products
   without backdoors for government surveillance. Gregg said that quick
   action was necessary "to get the information that allows us to
   anticipate and prevent what occurred in New York and in Washington."
   A few days later, Gregg told the Associated Press that he was
   preparing legislation "to give our law enforcement community more
   tools" to unscramble messages in hopes of fighting terrorists.
   [...]

@_date: 2001-10-17 15:00:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems 
gil_hamilton on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 05:47:25PM +0000
References: There's a long tradition of former spook-fed-law-enforcement-prosecutor
types being hired by the private sector. A few years ago Baker was
being paid to fill out export applications for Netscape etc. Now he's
doing this. No surprise.

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:44:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress in action! Catfish feed! 
While anthrax-terror stalks the halls of power in Washington, and the House shuts down amid fears of spores in the air, top politicians are busy gulping down fried catfish with protectionist lobbyists. I can't make this stuff up, folks. This just-announced "feed" happened at noon today. --Declan
and the Catfish Farmers of America
First annual "Bipartisan Catfish Feed," to showcase the U.S. farm raised
catfish industry which is threatened by fraudulently labeled Vietnamese
fish imports.
Participants: Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln, D-Ark.; Sen.
     Tim Hutchinson, R-Ark.; Sen. Thad Cochran,
     R-Miss.; Sen. Trent Lott, R-Miss., Minority
     Leader=; Sen. John Breaux, D-La., chairman,
     Special Committee on Aging=; Sen. Mary Landrieu,
     D-La.; Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., and Sen.
     Jeff Sessions, R-Ala.
Location: 325 Russell Senate Office Building. 12 noon
Contact: RSVP to Jeretta Walker, 202-312-1084; Craig
     Brownstein, 202-326-1799

@_date: 2001-10-17 16:53:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
anonymous on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 12:55:00PM -0700
References: <200110171955.MAA17672
Naturally the thin legal fiction of having a lawyer technically
representing you, no matter whether you've been able to speak with him
or exchange any useful information, makes any brutal prison regime
an acceptable one. No matter that the Washington Post article, which
started this thread, did not say that all post-Sep.11 detainees have
lawyers, and there is reason to believe some do not.

@_date: 2001-10-17 17:38:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
tcmay on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 01:59:28PM -0700
References: <20011017165321.B15005
Right. The Post, to its credit, has featured this story prominently.
I escaped the CNNMSNBCFOX pit for a few days and made the mistake of tuning back in today. The poor saps all seem to be doing an imitation
of Headline News (a valuable service) but without realizing it.
Not American journalism at its finest.

@_date: 2001-10-17 18:32:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
anonymous on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 02:40:00PM -0700
References: <200110172140.OAA25734
Yawn. I never claimed to do original research in this area; I've been writing about other stuff for the last five weeks. My comments were based
on news reports and statements by groups like the ACLU.
Of course it's easy for "Anonymous" to rant and spew. Doesn't mean we
should listen.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:54:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Kill Killfile 
jya on Wed, Oct 17, 2001 at 07:20:23PM -0700
References: <200110172236.SAA21373
  <200110172326.TAA25526
Oh, you're being too generous in Fedpraise. Only one cypherpunk
subscriber that I know of is currently in gaol, that's Jim Bell of
course, and this list was just one of many fora he frequented. CJ now
appears to be on the loose again, showering us with his, um,
inimitable prose. Mattd/proffr or a tentacle has plead guilty but is
still here.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:59:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Detainees, Personal Libertarianism, and Vengeance 
nobody on Thu, Oct 18, 2001 at 01:00:12AM +0200
References: I remember that post Tim made. I hope it was, and expect it was,
Torturing and murdering the innocent children of someone who may --
let's even stipulate a moment of malice -- have written an article
that misquoted you is not exactly behavior that civilized society
should applaud.

@_date: 2001-10-18 07:51:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congressional "homeland defense" hearings postponed 
*************** SENATE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE
Homeland Security
Full committee hearing on "The role of the Department of Defense in
homeland security." (Rescheduled to October 25.)
Witnesses: Paul Wolfowitz, deputy Defense secretary;
     Gen. Peter Pace, vice chairman, Joint Chiefs
     of Staff; Gen. William Kernan, commander in
     chief, U.S. Joint Forces Command; Gen. Ralph
     Eberhart, commander in chief, U.S. Space Command/North
     American Aerospace Defense Command
Location: 216 Hart Senate Office Building. 9:30 a.m.
Contact: 202-224-3871 **POSTPONED** SENATE BANKING, HOUSING AND URBAN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE
Gilleran Nomination
Full committee hearing on the nomination of James Gilleran, of California,
to be director of the Office of Thrift Supervision in the Treasury
Department. (Rescheduled to October 23.)
Location: 538 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 2:30 p.m.
Contact: 202-224-7391 **POSTPONED** SENATE BUDGET COMMITTEE
Economic Stimulus
Full committee hearing on economic stimulus. (No new date announced.)
Witnesses: William Gale, senior fellow, Brookings Institute;
     Peter Orszag, senior fellow, Brookings Institute;
     Wayne Angell, chief economist, Bear, Sterans,
     Inc.
Location: TBA Senate Office Building. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-224-0642 **POSTPONED** SENATE HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR AND PENSIONS COMMITTEE
Economic Security
Full committee hearing on hearing on "Economic Security: Helping Working
Americans and Those Out of Work." (No new date announced.)
Location: 430 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-224-5375   HOUSE ENERGY AND COMMERCE COMMITTEE
Digital Television
Telecommunications and the Internet Subcommittee hearing on "Transition
to Digital Television: Progress on Broadcaster Buildout and Proposals
to Expedite Return to Spectrum." (No new date announced.)
Location: 2123 Rayburn House Office Building. 9:30 a.m.
Contact: 202-225-2927 **POSTPONED** HOUSE FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE
Capital Markets, Insurance and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee
hearing on "Protecting Policyholders from Terrorism: Private Sector
Solutions." (No new date announced.)
Witnesses: Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill; Richard Hillman,
     director, Financial Markets and Community
     Investment, GAO; Marjorie Nordlinger, senior
     attorney, Office of the General Counsel, Nuclear
     Regulatory Commission; Constantinos Iordanou,
     senior executive vice president, Group Operations
     and Business Development, Zurich Financial
     Services Group; Scott Harrington, professor,
     Insurance and Finance, Moore School of Business,
     University of South Carolina; David Cummins,
     Harry Loman professor, Insurance and Risk
     Management, The Wharton School, University
     of Pennsylvania; Nigel Easton, insurance specialist,
     United Nations; David Keating, senior counselor,
     National Taxpayers Union; Patrick Ryan, chairman/CEO,
     Aon Corporation; Roy Williams, director of
     aviation, Louis Armstrong New Orleans International
     Airport
Location: 2128 Rayburn House Office Building. 1 p.m.
Contact: 202-225-7502 **POSTPONED** HOUSE SMALL BUSINESS COMMITTEE
EPA Rulemaking
Regulatory Reform and Oversight Subcommittee hearing on "EPA Rulemaking:
do bad analyses lead to irrational rules?" (No new date announced.)
Location: 2360 Rayburn House Office Building. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-225-5821 **POSTPONED** HOUSE WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE
SSA Response/Terror Attacks
Social Security Subcommittee hearing on the Social Security Administration's
response to the September 11 terrorist attacks. (No new date announced.)
Witnesses: Larry Massanari, acting commissioner, Social
     Security, SSA; Beatrice Disman, regional commissioner,
     SSA; Laurie Watkins, acting regional commissioner,
     SSA; James Huse, Jr., inspector general, Office
     of Inspector General
Location: B-318 Rayburn House Office Building. 10 a.m.
Contact: 202-225-3625

@_date: 2001-10-18 08:04:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gov. Gilmore and anti-terror panel call for FISAlike "cyber 
House committee press release:
   Governor Calls for 'Cyber Court'
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Oct. 18, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Malicious hackers, look out.
   A government anti-terrorism commission will recommend that Congress
   create a shadowy court to oversee investigations of suspected computer
   intruders.
   Gov. James Gilmore (R-Virginia), the commission's chairman, said
   Wednesday that federal judges have been far too sluggish in approving
   search warrants and eavesdropping of online miscreants.
   Instead, Gilmore told the House Science committee, the commission will
   recommend that a "cyber court" be created with extraordinary powers to
   authorize electronic surveillance and secret searches of suspected
   hackers' homes and offices.
   Police investigations are currently hamstrung by a lack of "effective
   procedures and understanding by many in the judiciary concerning the
   nature and urgency of cyber security," Gilmore said.
   [...]
   Gilmore offered few details on the proposal to create a hacker-court.
   A House press release says only that the commission will recommend the
   "establishment of a special 'Cyber Court' patterned after the court
   established in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act."
   [...]

@_date: 2001-10-18 15:48:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
"FBI requires ISPs to permit easy surveillance; EFF founder agrees"
"Stu Baker replies to Politech post on ISPs and EFF founder"

@_date: 2001-10-18 17:34:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
drevil on Thu, Oct 18, 2001 at 09:08:15PM -0000
References: <200110181940.f9IJeL013812
  <20011018210815.4302.qmail
May be a hoax. Most former NSAers don't advertise the fact. And
the "Bert-and-bin-Laden" image as a seekret coded message? Hardly.

@_date: 2001-10-18 17:37:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
I haven't read the CALEA text in a long time, but I think the answer may be yes and no. Stu is a very smart guy, one of the experts on this section of the law, but he could conceivably be overstating the case for his own purposes.

@_date: 2001-10-19 00:54:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
from gbroiles on Thu, Oct 18, 2001 at 05:43:22PM -0700
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20011018144500.036871c0
  <20011019001238.19F0325A11
  <5.1.0.14.2.20011018171714.036c5a40
Greg makes an excellent point. Think of it as an early warning.

@_date: 2001-10-19 01:41:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: What info does Zero Knowledge collect on users of Freedom 3.0? 
[I agreed to delete Anonymous' name before posting, but it is fair to point out that Anonymous works for a company that is in some areas a competitor to ZKS. I offered ZKS the opportunity to reply; their response follows. My own thoughts: If ZKS wants to display tailored ads, it makes sense that Freedom clients will communicate with the mother ship on a more-or-less regular basis. This is what Eudora and Opera do, and what Freedom 3.0 apparently does (I haven't used it). The question is whether users are aware of the potential privacy risks. --Declan]

@_date: 2001-10-19 01:58:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stu Baker on CALEA and the Net 
18, 2001 at 10:06:58PM -0700
References: <3BCFB4F2.9BBF6B88
Huh? I've known Stu for years. I've been on panels with him
and have debated him (
I'm hardly being "generous" to say that even evil trial balloons are
ueful to know about.

@_date: 2001-10-19 02:36:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What info does Zero Knowledge collect on users of Freedom 
References: <20011019015011.A29487
They're pulling the plug on the Freedom anon-network. They're now using the name Freedom 3.0 to refer to a different, new product that does stuff like cookie blocking.

@_date: 2001-10-19 09:28:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Slashdot | EFF speaks out against MAPS 
References: <3BD01E84.2611794
And probably hundreds of other online cranks have been ranting against
MAPS and its brethren for years as well. Doesn't mean that anyone of
substance notices, or cares.

@_date: 2001-10-20 12:13:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
kmself on Fri, Oct 19, 2001 at 04:13:19PM -0700
References: <20011019022144.A2024
  <20011019151302.H17102
  <20011019161318.O17102
Dare I say it? Another reason to use just 7-bit ASCII. I'm not particularly religious on this issue, but for text-based discussions like the ones we have here, anything else just doesn't
seem necessary, and can lead to strange results like what we just saw.

@_date: 2001-10-20 13:36:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Explosives found at Greyhound bus terminal 
References: <3BD09928.43D4EC66 <20011019172743.C24596
A longer report from the local paper:

@_date: 2001-10-20 13:42:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
schear on Fri, Oct 19, 2001 at 05:35:53PM -0700
References: <00e601c158e4$70b40bc0$01000001
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0
When I speak of globalization, I mean removing barriers imposed by government
to voluntary exchanges between consenting people. Sounds good to me.
You seem to think of liberal global trade as a zero-sum game. This is
an elementary error. Instead, liberal global trade is what economists
would call an "expanding pie" where additional wealth is created.

@_date: 2001-10-20 23:27:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
Sat, Oct 20, 2001 at 11:07:24PM -0400
References: <3.0.6.32.20011009185040.0099be20
  <910ab3ffda50b37fd079c10a14793d46
  <3.0.6.32.20011009185040.0099be20
  <3.0.6.32.20011009211043.009a7a00
But dynamic sites are a problem. Search engines are often
reluctant to index through cgi scripts because of the possibility
of infinite loops of on-the-fly generated pages with unique URLs.
Some folks call this the hidden web.

@_date: 2001-10-21 22:02:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
References: <20011020134200.B18679
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0
  <00e601c158e4$70b40bc0$01000001
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0
I'm actually surprised to see Steve launch into a critique of laissez-faire capitalism here on cypherpunks, of all places. One can admit that globalization has ill effects (mostly, bricks through windows of Starbucks thrown by bored, upper-middle-class, college-age protesters), certainly. But when responding to claims that factory workers in poorer countries are only being paid $2/hour or whatnot, it makes sense to ask: Is this worse than their other alternatives, like mud huts in villages?
To argue against people voluntarily entering into market-based transactions with each other is so a-economical and contrary to cypherpunk philosophies*

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:11:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
References: <65A8B6DA-C6AA-11D5-8673-0050E439C473 It's remarkable to see such contradictory views side-by-side and called "free market economics." Ah, Choatian beliefs are a many-
splendored thing.

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:39:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
hseaver on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 03:38:41PM -0500
References:   <3BD4644D.95C0AF5D <3BD46A4B.AB07AD02
  <3BD47B14.C083DE15
  <3BD48396.7327D406
Now if only some handy, self-effacing volunteer would come along and
repost your ill-formatted message wrapped at 72 columns, perhaps with
a severe admonition about the proper forms of netiquette, my day
would be complete.

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:49:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: fanaticism, left anarchists, and CACLing 
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011020130355.03dac308 <20011020134200.B18679 <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0 <00e601c158e4$70b40bc0$01000001 <5.1.0.14.0.20011019162608.038b25a0 <5.0.2.1.0.20011021215710.01fe91d0 <5.1.0.14.2.20011021221329.021c4910
Alas, it also happens to be accurate. I've covered these protests in
three cities so far, and generally the protesters have done little in
the way of coherent thinking, are more united in their negative
statements about capitalism and free trade and such than in their
positive statements about what they wish to see happen, condemn
capitalism while using the fruits of capitalism like cell phones and
Palm pilots to organize their protests, and so on.
Some photos:
Example of one of the well-thought-out messages:
There are exceptions, of course. But by and large, my summary was accurate.

@_date: 2001-10-22 18:05:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another 
tcmay on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 10:34:37AM -0700
References: <178AF14C-C69D-11D5-8673-0050E439C473
  <10C03712-C713-11D5-8673-0050E439C473
I just got back to DC today (was out of state for the weekend), and I'm
sad to admit that out of all the 400K+ population cities I can imagine,
Washington is particularly ill-suited to deal with anthrax, let alone
prepare a reasonable response.
The mail arrived today, but I fear that packages (I'm expecting a 1 GB
IBM microdrive to be shipped via the post) will be delayed for a

@_date: 2001-10-22 18:10:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Additional Anthrax Deaths Suspected 
emc on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 02:52:52PM -0700
References: <20011022143658.B5970
  <200110222152.f9MLqqP01988
And sometimes not even then. From something I wrote in 1999:
The note and others like it have spread like the plague. A group of 23
sailors on the USS Theodore Roosevelt aircraft carrier refused to take
their shots and were demoted, the Pentagon said Thursday. The day
before, the Air Force kicked out a recalcitrant airman. Some officers
have resigned rather than take the vaccine.  Officials blame the
Internet for infecting the rank and file. At a recent press briefing,
Pentagon spokesman Mike Doubleday decried "misinformation which is
available to people on various Web sites regarding anthrax, and also
the anthrax vaccine."

@_date: 2001-10-22 22:33:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
References: <005701c15b67$15c4c260$03d36b3f Yep. It's going to be a hard political sell to insist that yes, this
indicted hijacker who was caught trying to bring down another plane
and was captured with detailed plans of a planned nuclear bomb attack
in the next three hours shouldn't be, um, strongly encouraged to turn
over the passphrase to "nuke-location-gps-coordinates.txt.gpg"

@_date: 2001-10-23 10:55:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 11:02:03PM -0400
References:   <3BD4DDAB.59A7D300
If any U.S. politician qualifies for that title, two high-profile
senators and a man who came closer than anyone else in history to
being vice president certainly would.

@_date: 2001-10-23 11:00:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
tcmay on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 08:50:01PM -0700
References: <20011022223335.A20951
  <08E9EFC6-C769-11D5-8673-0050E439C473
Neither can I. My intention was not to suggest that it's acceptable to
rip out the accused's toenails, slowly, but to suggest that this is
the kind of scenario that we may hear politicians talking about in short
order.

@_date: 2001-10-23 11:02:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
Jon.Beets on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 09:04:44PM -0500
References: <72a787729e6e65b8169aff017d3bdb2d
  <005701c15b67$15c4c260$03d36b3f
Yes, journalists like those at the Times and the Washington Post are
commonly in the habit of fabricating interviews. Um, no. Such a thing
may of course happen -- remember that Pulitzer-winner a while back --
but when you weigh it against the likelihood of an FBI trial balloon,
all becomes clear.

@_date: 2001-10-23 11:05:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: eWe Won't Have CJ Parker and Richard NIxon To Kick Around 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 11:32:19PM -0400
References: <002601c15b63$09069200$5f0da2cd
  <3BD4E4C3.3412AAAC
Um, no. Many are there because they're (gasp) "drug criminals."
1.6 million drug arrests made last year:

@_date: 2001-10-23 11:07:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ananova - US researchers discover artificial sperm 
on Mon, Oct 22, 2001 at 11:12:33PM -0400
References: <3BD4DDCE.7945117B <3BD4E021.EFEFE74F
It is, of course, unfair to paint Nadine Strossen with the same brush
you'd use with Andrea Dworkin.

@_date: 2001-10-24 13:17:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: lne down? 
hseaver on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 09:38:29AM -0500
References:   <3BD6D262.F37AD056
Lne.com, at least based on what I saw, sent no outgoing messages from
about 7 pm ET yesterday until 12 noon today.

@_date: 2001-10-24 15:47:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: George Mason U. adopts a free-market philosophy to an 
grocha on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 10:34:11AM -0700
References: <20011024103411.C31325
I skimmed the article, and it seems decent, but entirely anticlimatic.
Any institution that would embrace IHS and the Mercatus Center is
"unusually" free-market.

@_date: 2001-10-24 19:11:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A champion of liberty speaks about privacy, cash smuggling 
Debate last evening:
   Mrs. ROUKEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.
Oxley) for yielding the time. I rise in strong support of this
legislation today.
   Many of us in this Chamber have worked for a number of years to
provide the law enforcement tools that we need to fight the drug trade,
money launderers, and terrorists; and in the wake of September 11, the
terrorist attacks, this has never been more important. And indeed, we
may soon learn that the anthrax attacks are financed by the same money
sources. We do not know that yet.
   The point is that, as has already been outlined, particularly by the
gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), I want to commend him for
stating some of the specifics of this legislation. He has been a
leader, and we have [[Page H7203]] worked together on this, and whether we are talking about the bill
prohibiting correspondent banking privileges for offshore shell banks
and authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to take special measures
if a foreign country or bank is deemed to present a money laundering
threat, the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce) went into great
detail on that, and I want to associate myself with his remarks.
   The bill is not perfect. I am sorry that, for example, we excluded
making it a crime to smuggle over $10,000 interstate. We included it
for overseas, but it was not included for interstate. Nevertheless,
this is an excellent bill.
   I would like to say to some of the nay sayers that complain about the
provisions, as to whether or not they deny due process or whatever, the
question has been asked are we endangering the rights and privacy of
innocent Americans. The answer is no, but it does give our law
enforcement officials the requirements that they need for their careful
investigation. It gives our regulators and law enforcement officials
what they need to get the job done.
   May I say that in this brave new world of terrorists, we must cripple
this demonic network. Let me just have a couple of additional seconds
to say that unless we have this strong provision in the bill, it would
make a mockery of the legislation; and it is an absolutely essential
core of anti-terrorist legislation.

@_date: 2001-10-24 23:51:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
drevil on Tue, Oct 23, 2001 at 03:06:29AM -0000
References: <20011023030629.5849.qmail
I happened to hear from Lee Caplin of Starium today. They've
apparently (I'm looking at Lee's email message while typing this, but
I don't wish to speak for them) abandoned plans to sell the
bump-in-a-wire device. Now they're thinking of marketing a small
RJ11'd cryptophone an executive would carry around. Also, Lee says
Starium has filed for patents on a desk phone, answering machine and
conference phone.

@_date: 2001-10-24 23:54:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
drevil on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 01:31:34AM -0000
References: <001801c15ce3$70a8d950$ea3a080a
  <20011025002338.680.qmail <3BD7645B.D0EC8DFB
  <20011025013134.17929.qmail
Right. I have a pair of Starium betas. They work. I'd recommend them.
But the problem is that the purchaseable product doesn't exist. I went
down to Carmel a few months ago and checked out the company. I love
the ideas and the tech, but I wouldn't expect to see a product in the
very near future.

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:12:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: First, brand all the children 
keyser-soze on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 04:05:04PM -0700
References: <200110242305.f9ON54A81248
K-S has the right of it. The only drama left before the Senate votes
on the "anti-terrorism" wiretap bill Thursday is whether the final vote
on this ever-growing, 400KB bill will be 99-1 (Feingold) or 100-1. Two weeks ago, the House approved (
the bill by a 339 by 79 vote with a five-year expiration date.
Then the Senate decided to get persnickety and demanded that all these
anti-financial privacy "money laundering" sections must be added, and
insisted that the expiration date be shortened, and so on.
The doughty defenders of liberty in the House reponded by approving the
rewritten, expanded bill today by -- a 357 to 66 vote.
So making the bill more Draconian, onerous, and nasty convinced
precisely 13 *more* 'critters to vote for the revised version. Right.
With the exception of folks like Ron Paul (who, I'm pleased to say,
voted nay), there seems to be little hope left for our legislative
system.  When you have 99-1 votes in the Senate
( can anyone seriously say
that either the Democrats or Republicans can be trusted to preserve
our privacy and follow the demands of the Constitution?

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:17:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Money transmitting businesses (Was: "A champion of liberty 
from john on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 07:48:03PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011024191059.02020b30
The bill has been in flux, and nobody has had time to read it in detail.
You can scroll through it yerself:
      ``(b) Domestic Coin and Currency Transactions Involving
     Nonfinancial Trades or Businesses.--No person shall, for the
     purpose of evading the report requirements of section 5333 or
     any regulation prescribed under such section--
       ``(1) cause or attempt to cause a nonfinancial trade or
     business to fail to file a report required under section 5333
     or any regulation prescribed under such section; [...]
  ``(3) structure or assist in structuring, or attempt to
     structure or assist in structuring, any transaction with 1 or
     more nonfinancial trades or businesses.'. [...]
     (1) In general.--Whoever, with the intent to evade a
     currency reporting requirement under section 5316, knowingly
     conceals more than $10,000 in currency or other monetary
     instruments on the person of such individual or in any
     conveyance, article of luggage, merchandise, or other
     con     transport or transfer such currency or monetary instruments
     from a place within the United States to a place outside of
     the United States, or from a place outside the United States
     to a place within the United States, shall be guilty of a
     currency smuggling offense and subject to punishment pursuant
     to subsection (b).
See also:
     ``(a) Whoever knowingly conducts, controls, manages,
     supervises, directs, or owns all or part of an unlicensed
     money transmitting business, shall be fined in accordance
     with this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.
       ``(b) As used in this section--
       ``(1) the term `unlicensed money transmitting business'
     means a money transmitting business which affects interstate
     or foreign commerce in any manner or degree and--
       ``(A) is operated without an appropriate money transmitting
     license in a State where such operation is punishable as a
     misdemeanor or a felony under State law, whether or not the
     defendant knew that the operation was required to be licensed
     or that the operation was so punishable;
I wonder how this would affect various alternative currency systems:
    ``(2) the term `money transmitting' includes transferring
     funds on behalf of the public by any and all means including
     but not limited to transfers within this country or to
     locations abroad by wire, check, draft, facsimile, or
     courier; and

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:44:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
References: <20011024235428.B30386
Did you read the page carefully? See:
NOW TAKING PRE-ORDERS FOR DELIVERY IN DECEMBER 2001/JANUARY 2002
Very Limited Quantity Available
That said, I'm surprised to see the units advertised. As I said in
another message, Starium's chairman (I think that's his current title)
indicated to me today they've switched directions.

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:44:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House chairman doesn't want "parochial" issues to stop wiretap 
Parochial issues like privacy, maybe?
News Advisory
For immediate release                                                           Contact: Jeff Lungren
October 24, 2001 House Passes Anti-terrorism Legislation
Sensenbenner Urges Senate Action Today
WASHINGTON, D.C. - The House today passed anti-terrorism legislation by a 357-66 margin.  H.R. 3162, introduced by House Judiciary Committee Chairman F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr. (R-Wis.), is expected to be considered by the Senate today or tomorrow and then sent to President Bush for his signature.
"Today, the House came together in a bipartisan manner to pass landmark anti-terrorism legislation which provides federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies the tools they need to combat the scourges of international and domestic terrorism.  Our country remains vulnerable to terrorism and our President needs this bill to fight the clear and present danger posed by Al Queda and other terrorist organizations," said Chairman "I have heard that certain Senators have placed holds on this anti-terrorism bill to press their own parochial issues.  This is the time to dispense with business as usual.  It is time for leadership; I urge the Senate to pass this legislation today."

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:54:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Clarence Parker enjoyed the perks of his prison guard job 
FORMER INS GUARD AT FEDERAL DETENTION FACILITY
PLEADS GUILTY TO SEXUAL ACT WITH FEMALE DETAINEE MIAMI, FL. --
The Public Integrity Section of the Justice Department announced today that Clarence Parker, a former guard at the Krome Service Processing Center (Krome) in Miami, Florida, pled guilty today to knowingly engaging in, and attempting to engage in a sexual act with a female detainee at Krome in October 2000.  "As soon as we learned of the possible actions of this individual, we immediately removed him from Krome," said INS Acting District Director John M. Bulger. "The investigation went forward with our full support.  Our commitment to removing and prosecuting anyone who commits these types of acts is stronger than ever." For the past three years, Parker was a contract employee with the Immigration and Naturalization Service at Krome.  Parker was assigned to the attorney visiting area where he monitored the detainees who were waiting to visit with their attorneys.  As a result of the investigation, Parker was suspended in June 2001. Parker's plea was accepted by the Honorable Federico A. Moreno, United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida.  His sentencing for the conviction is scheduled for
December 20, 2001.  This matter is being handled by Trial Attorney Scott Dahl of the Public Integrity Section.  The investigation is being conducted by Department's Office of Inspector General in Ft. Lauderdale and by the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Miami Office.   01-551

@_date: 2001-10-25 09:33:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: House chairman doesn't want "parochial" issues to stop 
kmself on Wed, Oct 24, 2001 at 11:06:41PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011025004358.02083680
  <20011024230641.B13558
Yes, a filibuster won't stand much chance, but bringing the bill to
the floor on unanimous consent won't work either. The Senate is still
somewhat gentlemanly (when reducing our legal rights), and they try to
find ways to avoid forcing a vote when there are holds on a bill. I
recall the holds can no longer be secret, though, so I should be able
to find out.

@_date: 2001-10-25 10:08:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Corporate welfare, the end of competitive bidding, or both? 
10.  Pentagon under pressure to delay or divide Joint Strike Fighter contract
By Brody Mullins, CongressDaily
Supporters of the Boeing Co., bracing for yet another big loss, are pressuring the Pentagon to delay or divvy up a massive new contract for next-generation fighter jets to replace the military's existing wing of Allies of the aerospace giant fear that granting rival Lockheed Martin Corp. the entire $200 billion joint strike fighter contract would deal a devastating blow to Boeing, even as its commercial aircraft business continues to reel from last month's terrorist attacks.
Republican Sen. Christopher (Kit) Bond and Democratic Sen. Jean Carnahan, both of Missouri, back a proposal to force the Pentagon to award the loser of the fighter jet contract with one- third of the project's manufacturing.
Full story:

@_date: 2001-10-25 15:22:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Cost of Oil 
schear on Thu, Oct 25, 2001 at 11:15:56AM -0700
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011025111434.039607f0
Though the article was somewhat silly, or partisan, or both, in places.
Republicans opposing "all taxes?" Right. Whatever.

@_date: 2001-10-25 22:17:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: James Glassman wants national IDs: "We have to give up" privacy 
[You can see James Glassman's bio here:  His column is not merely poorly-reasoned, but poorly researched as well: He makes some factual errors, such as saying the lack of a national ID card makes the U.S. "almost unique."  Try Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Ireland, the Nordic countries, Sweden, Mexico, and so on. --Declan]

@_date: 2001-10-25 23:22:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senate approves USA Act, sends to Bush, Ashcroft vows "newera" 
References: <3BD8CF0C.4D7CC185
Put another way, if the Feds seriously believe someone to be a
terrorist, for chrissakes, arrest 'em! We've seen that habeas corpus
is no deterrent, after all.
There may be limited reasons to keep an honest-to-goodness terrorist
under surveillance, but the new law won't help there -- the FBI already
has the power it needs.

@_date: 2001-10-26 08:33:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Anti-terrorism bill's "expiration date" may not mean much 
Text of USA Act, which President Bush will sign today:
   Terror Bill Has Lasting Effects
   By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
   2:00 a.m. Oct. 26, 2001 PDT
   WASHINGTON -- Legislators who sent a sweeping anti-terrorism bill to
   President Bush this week proudly say that the most controversial
   surveillance sections will expire in 2005.
   Senate Judiciary chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) said that a
   four-year expiration date "will be crucial in making sure that these
   new law enforcement powers are not abused." In the House, Bob Barr
   (R-Georgia) stressed that "we take very seriously the sunset
   provisions in this bill."
   But the Dec. 2005 expiration date embedded in the USA Act -- which the
   Senate approved 98 to 1 on Thursday -- applies only to a tiny part of
   the mammoth bill.
   After the president signs the measure on Friday, police will have the
   permanent ability to conduct Internet surveillance without a court
   order in some circumstances, secretly search homes and offices without
   notifying the owner, and share confidential grand jury information
   with the CIA.
   Also exempt from the expiration date are investigations underway by
   Dec. 2005, and any future investigations of crimes that took place
   before that date.
   [...]
   Other sections of the USA Act, which the House approved by a 357 to 66
   vote on Wednesday, that do not expire include the following:
     * Police can sneak into someone's house or office, search the
       contents, and leave without ever telling the owner. This would be
       supervised by a court, and the notification of the surreptitious
       search "may be delayed" indefinitely. (Section 213)
     * Any U.S. attorney or state attorney general can order the
       installation of the FBI's Carnivore surveillance system and record
       addresses of Web pages visited and e-mail correspondents --
       without going to a judge. Previously, there were stiffer legal
       restrictions on Carnivore and other Internet surveillance
       techniques. (Section 216)
     * Any American "with intent to defraud" who scans in an image of a
       foreign currency note or e-mails or transmits such an image will
       go to jail for up to 20 years. (Section 375)
     * An accused terrorist who is a foreign citizen and who cannot be
       deported can be held for an unspecified series of "periods of up
       to six months" with the attorney general's approval. (Section 412)
     * Biometric technology, such as fingerprint readers or iris
       scanners, will become part of an "integrated entry and exit data
       system" with the identities of visa holders who hope to enter the
       U.S. (Section 414)
     * Any Internet provider or telephone company must turn over customer
       information, including phone numbers called -- no court order
       required -- if the FBI claims the "records sought are relevant to
       an authorized investigation to protect against international
       terrorism." The company contacted may not "disclose to any person"
       that the FBI is doing an investigation. (Section 505)
     * Credit reporting firms like Equifax must disclose to the FBI any
       information that agents request in connection with a terrorist
       investigation -- without police needing to seek a court order
       first. Current law permits this only in espionage cases. (Section
       505)
     * The current definition of terrorism is radically expanded to
       include biochemical attacks and computer hacking. Some current
       computer crimes -- such as hacking a U.S. government system or
       breaking into and damaging any Internet-connected computer -- are
       covered. (Section 808)
     * A new crime of "cyberterrorism" is added, which covers hacking
       attempts causing damage "aggregating at least $5,000 in value" in
       one year, any damage to medical equipment or "physical injury to
       any person." Prison terms range between five and 20 years.
       (Section 814)
     * New computer forensics labs will be created to inspect "seized or
       intercepted computer evidence relating to criminal activity
       (including cyberterrorism)" and to train federal agents. (Section
       816)

@_date: 2001-10-26 08:52:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Democrats' new "bio" bill links police to SABRE, Amtrak systems 
A more detailed summary of the Bioterrorism Protection Act is available here --- final bill has not been written yet -- though the pages are not sequential, so it's only for the brave:
Excerpts from that summary:
* "Evaluate need to vaccinate first responders against smallpox"
* "Utilize biometric techniques to identify suicide-biological-bombs"
* "Increase surveillance through development of sentinel strain. Create a network of interconnected databases for near-real time integration of threat indicator data"
* "Establish a perception management and economic market mitigation plan and resources"
* "Ensure isolated, genetically diverse pools of seed and livestock to replenish stocks destroyed in disease containment"
* "Assess and harden physical security of water-bottling facilites"
* "The handoff between intelligence and law enforcement agencies must be made smoother"
* "Use GPS and wireless identification systems to monitor commercial traffic in high-risk and border areas"
* "Ensure that private databases (SABRE, Amtrak reservations, etc.) are able to interface with law enforcement information stores immediately"
    Dems Ready Bioterrorism Bill
    By Declan McCullagh and Ben Polen
    2:00 a.m. Oct. 26, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- In an attempt to differentiate themselves from their GOP
    counterparts, House Democrats are preparing legislation they say will
    shield America from biological terrorism.
    As anxieties about anthrax mushroomed on Capitol Hill -- with the
    deadly bacteria discovered in five congressional office buildings so
    far -- House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt (D-Missouri) said
    Thursday that new spending and police powers are necessary to protect
    the public.
    At a press conference held in the open air away from any of the
    polluted buildings, Gephardt said his "Bioterrorism Protection Act"
    would earmark $7 billion for homeland security -- including $1.4
    billion on vaccines and antibiotics -- and provide police with instant
    access to private databases such as the airline's SABRE system and
    Amtrak reservations.
    [...]
HOMELAND SECURITY TASK FORCE CHAIRMAN MENENDEZ ANNOUNCES BIOTERRORISM WASHINGTON, DC - Rep. Bob Menendez (D-NJ), Vice Chair of the Democratic Caucus and Chairman of the House Democratic Task Force on Homeland Security, joined by Democratic Leader Richard Gephardt and Members of the Task Force, today announced the Democratic proposal to protect communities throughout America against future bioterrorist threats or attacks.
The Democratic Bill, the Bioterrorism Protection Act (BioPAct) of 2001, seeks to eliminate biological threats, secure our borders on land and at sea, protect our food and water, equip our communities with the resources to prevent and respond to bioterrorism, and strengthen our Intelligence through full coordination, using our most advanced technology to fight Menendez made the following remarks:
"I'm Bob Menendez, the Chairman of the House Democratic Task Force on Homeland Security, and I first want to thank the chairs and vice chairs of the working groups that helped write this plan: Bill Pascrell, Sanford Bishop, Bobby Scott, Jane Harman, Ike Skelton, Bob Borski, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Ellen Tauscher, Sheila Jackson-Lee, Mike Honda, Jim Turner, and Jerry Costello - and I want to thank the incredible work of over 80 Members of our Task Force on this bill. These aren't just Members of Congress, they're husbands and wives, mothers and fathers, working to make our country and their communities safe and secure. And I think they've done a great job.
"What we've learned in the last few weeks is that no matter what we as a people are confronted with, we will overcome and defeat our adversaries. No attack, no threat, no evil will undermine our resolve and our strength. America stands proud and firm - our country and our people have served as an example to all of humanity. America has reacted to this unspeakable inhumanity with resiliency & humanity - humanity in the face of evil.
"We call the Bioterrorism Protection Act "BioPAct" because we know that every American needs to be a part of the fight, part of a pact to protect our Homeland. And if we're asking the public to be 'vigilant', then they need and deserve to be informed in full and given the chance to be a part of a dialogue with the officials who work for them. This bill does that.
(more) "BioPAct is a pact between the American people and their government, working together, called to national service, marshaling our vast resources, to keep America safe from bioterrorism. The plan doesn't just draw on government programs, but on the American spirit, intellect & creativity, breaking new frontiers, setting an example the world can follow in this new age.
"We're here to tell our fellow citizens that we can beat this foe - and we can protect our Homeland.
"The BioPAct will proactively assess the new threats and risks we face, so we make sure we target our funding where it's needed most. It will eliminate biological threats at the source, by helping countries like Russia and the other former Soviet states prevent their biological agents from getting into our enemies' hands. We will secure our borders on land and at sea by adding thousands of new border agents and by putting our most advanced technology at work to screen out terrorists and the weapons they might try to bring with them - whether they try to enter our nation at airports, on ships, by foot, or in a car. And BioPAct will keep our food and water supply safe and secure by putting a comprehensive new inspection protocol in place.
"We will make sure our local communities have all the resources they need - from greater hospital capacity, to police and firefighters trained in "We can prevent disease outbreaks through early and rapid detection; and can save lives by making sure we have the vaccines and medicines to treat people - and a plan in place to get them where they need to go on a moment's notice. This bill does that. And BioPAct strengthens our Intelligence by ensuring our many government agencies coordinate information and planning. We need one comprehensive strategy - not a dozen different ones.
"This bill is a commitment to do all this, and a lot more - because we know there is nothing more important than keeping American families safe.
"This is the first in a series of proposals this Task Force and we Democrats in the House are putting forward to address Homeland Security. My colleagues and I look forward to working with the President and the Republicans to get the job done - in fact we met with Director Ridge yesterday, and I'm confident we can work together as one American team.
"And as part of that team effort, we also call on the President to use the funding already allocated to fight terrorism to begin a national threat assessment; to help local communities cover the unexpected overtime costs they have already borne in response to the new threat environment since September 11th; and to rapidly dedicate new resources to our Coast Guard, our border security, and our postal service. We can and will protect our "I'm now proud to introduce our Democratic Leader, Dick Gephardt, who had the foresight early on to work with our Caucus Chairman, Martin Frost, to create this Task Force - bringing so many Members together to work on an issue that's on the mind of every American. He's been an inspiration to this Congress and to our nation - Ladies and Gentlemen: Dick Gephardt -
"Thank you."
Executive Summary of the BioPAct:
HOUSE DEMOCRATIC CAUCUS  HOMELAND SECURITY TASK FORCE THE BIOTERRORISM PROTECTION ACT (BioPAct) of 2001
A $7 Billion Pact with America
Public Health Infrastructure and Response to Bioterrorism ($3.5 billion)
Improving Community Emergency Response Capacity and Preparedness -- $1 billion
Increasing hospital capacity, educating medical personnel, increasing nursing and clinical lab personnel, and providing training to first Ensuring an Adequate Supply of Vaccines and Treatments for All Americans -- $1.4 billion
Increasing the national stockpile of anthrax antibiotics, developing and acquiring additional doses of smallpox vaccines, researching and developing new vaccines and antibiotics, training and equipping health professionals to provide antibiotics and vaccines, and expediting FDA approval of new Enhancing Community Planning and Intergovernmental Coordination -- $600 million
Providing planning grants to local communities and health care providers to develop emergency response plans that meet certain minimum federal guidelines, requiring states to submit medical response plans to the federal government, funding state trauma care systems, and strengthening intergovernmental coordination.
Enhancing Surveillance, Improving Communications, and Strengthening Technology Infrastructure -- $500 million
Improving state and local surveillance, training health care personnel in the detection of illnesses related to biological attacks, upgrading laboratories, ensuring a 24-hour public health system is available to local providers, improving and expanding CDC surveillance capabilities, building local technology and communication systems, enhancing communications among agencies, and requiring state and federal agencies to share with first responders important information about the potential dangers of an emergency site.   Protecting Our Food And Water ($800 million)
Keeping Our Food Safe -- $725 million
Protecting crops and livestock through increased surveillance and research, strengthening both physical and information security at key agricultural facilities, increasing inspections of imported food shipments with additional inspectors, increasing the inspections of domestic production plants, coordinating and testing federal emergency response plans, and helping states track foodborne agents.
Keeping Our Water Supply Safe -- $75 million
Reviewing emergency preparedness and vulnerabilities of water systems, providing resources to address deficiencies in security, developing improved monitoring systems to track water quality, improving security of information systems, improving security of water-bottling facilities, and implementing background checks for quality testers at treatment plants and bottling facilities.
Enhancing Law Enforcement's Ability to Protect the Nation ($870 million)
Providing the right tools to law enforcement agencies -- $275 million
Expanding federal authority over biological agents and toxins; establishing new criminal offenses involving the possession and unsafe handling of biological agents; developing and deploying new screening hardware, software, computer infrastructure, and training to support biometric technology; creating new COPS grants to local communities for counter-terrorism training and equipment; giving grants to local governments for strategic planning and intergovernmental coordination related to terrorism preparedness and response; providing funds to eliminate the backlog of convicted offender DNA samples yet to be entered in the FBI database.
Securing Our Borders at Land and Sea -- $345 million
Increasing the size of the United States Border Patrol Force and the number of INS and Customs Inspectors at ports of entry; implementing biometric scanning techniques at border checkpoints; funding development and deployment of scanning technology capable of detecting explosive devices, biological and chemical contaminants; mandating better INS tracking of visas and integrating visa monitoring with federal watch lists; providing Coast Guard with enhanced training and equipment.
Addressing Threats to Mail Delivery Services -- $250 million
Developing and deploying faster scanning technologies, implementing improved mail tracking abilities to track suspicious packages to their source, and investigating procedures to treat mail and mitigate threats posed by contaminated mail.
Strengthening Our Intelligence Through Full Coordination ($1.1 billion)
Improving Organization and Coordination of Intelligence Community -- $270 Conducting a threat assessment to identify vulnerabilities and provide a basis for a national strategy for homeland security; removing barriers to efficient information sharing between intelligence collection and information use by law enforcement and first responders; conducting a public education campaign to alert Americans to the threat and appropriate responses for biological weapons.
Improving Intelligence Capabilities -- $850 million
Deploying biological and chemical detectors for site analysis, continual surveillance of fixed sites, and improved identification of foreign biological agent possession; increasing language translation skills and improving usage of language resources across agencies; increasing human intelligence assets.
The Military:  Preparing, Responding & Assisting Communities ($720 million)
Initial Crisis Response and First Responder Support -- $420 million
Increasing military domestic crisis response teams, creating and training additional Civil Support Teams, and training and equipping military and civilian emergency responders with interoperable communications equipment.
Interagency Crisis and Consequence Management Exercises -- $100 million
Implementing a uniform government-wide evaluation system to ensure proficiency and achievement of military domestic crisis response, increasing training of military personnel for response to weapons of mass destruction incidents, and increasing resources for military involvement in consequence and crisis management exercises.
Research and Development -- $100 million
Accelerating technology development in chemical and biological research (prevention and treatment), advanced sensors, and other promising technologies.
Cooperative Threat Reduction (Nunn-Lugar) -- $100 million
Securing the supply of biological and chemical weapons-grade material from the former Soviet Union, improving Russian and former Soviet Union border and export controls, and increasing support for the Material Protection, Control and Accounting Program.

@_date: 2001-10-29 13:52:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FBI wants to have Internet Off-switch 
anonymous on Sat, Oct 27, 2001 at 10:51:00AM -0700
References: <200110271751.KAA25407
You may want to look at Baker's denial I sent to Politech today.

@_date: 2001-10-30 11:56:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Password Spy 
Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 10:23:33AM -0600
References: <3BDE7FA5.28221.2B19FE
Not new -- there are categories for such 'ware at Google and Yahoo, last
I checked. As for the serial connection, the FBI claimed that's exactly
what they weren't looking at -- instead, they were snatching his keystrokes.

@_date: 2001-10-30 15:17:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Military proclaims "warrior spirit" year 
AMC proclaims fiscal year 2002 'Year of the Warrior Spirit'

@_date: 2001-10-30 18:36:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Napster execs needing culling 
kmself on Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 02:59:26PM -0800
References: <3BDEB9D5.A9EBDF3E
  <20011030145926.K14098
It all depends on your view of intellectual property.
I license photos to news organizations and other publishers. I've
licensed about $250 worth of them in three (admittedly relatively
low-value each) transactions today. If forced by the government to
license my photos at a certain rate, in principle I wouldn't be
thrilled. In practice it would depend on the per-photo rate, but
somehow I think I can do a better job of negotiating on my own. Also I
would not expect to be able to influence the Copyright Office to see
things my way in the first place.

@_date: 2001-10-31 14:09:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Quarantines, hospital seizures: Powergrab 2001 
from gbroiles on Tue, Oct 30, 2001 at 09:56:10PM -0800
References: <3BDF17E6.9B71927F
  <5.1.0.14.2.20011030214555.039365d0
It would be interesting to compare the provisions you describe in this
bill (I have not yet read it) with existing powers that federal and
state authorities have when an "emergency" is declared. Seems to me
that much if this authority is already on the books.

@_date: 2001-09-04 12:38:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
tcmay on Sun, Sep 02, 2001 at 12:34:31PM -0700
References: <3B92258B.22440.158837BA
  <200109021938.f82JcQf23312
In the next five years or so, I would not be suprised to see a call
for federal licensing of remailers. Some of the more mainstream
remailer operators might even go along with it, eventually, calling
for a "voluntary-mandatory" code of conduct and industry self-
regulation. This code of conduct might mean refusing packets from some
countries, keeping logs for a certain amount of time, etc. (Identity
escrow, ala key escrow. Key escrow died because of business
pressure. No similar pressure exists against identity escrow.)
In practice, it will naturally have limited effect, since it's easy
enough to send mail to an offshore remailer, and any U.S. law will
spur development and deployment of non-U.S. services. And bin Ladin
can probably figure out how to get an AOL account. Then again, other
countries, at least the larger OECD ones, may follow suit.
Probably in those other nations, there will be few if any
constitutional safeguards prohibiting legislatures from enacting such
laws. Even in the U.S., I'm not sure why it would be immediately
obvious that such a law would be found to be unconstitutional. The
usual cites, such as McIntyre, deal with the most protected form of
anonymous communication, political speech about elected officials, not
the multiple horsemen who can be relied on to trot about during debates.
I can envision a legal situation that is close to the Napster-Gnutella
controversy, where the entry points to the network are targets for the
RIAA/MPAA lawyers. Similarly, the entry points to the remailer network
may be targets under such a legal structure. Underground remailers
will always exist, and will be used for high-value transactions (let's
hope enough remailers would exist to provide enough security), but a
robust system that's also mainstream may not.
I'm not saying this is especially likely, but it is a scenario that's
worth contemplating as a long-term possibility.

@_date: 2001-09-04 12:57:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
from gbroiles on Fri, Aug 31, 2001 at 06:48:24PM -0700
References:  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
Right. Selling the same products to the Feds that are available to the
general public is not generally objectionable, and I don't see what the
issue is with ZKS here.
One might as well complain about the NSA buying symbolic debuggers.

@_date: 2001-09-04 13:03:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tim's Tips on Avoiding Prosecution 
tcmay on Sat, Sep 01, 2001 at 09:01:56AM -0700
References: <3.0.6.32.20010831181443.00867460
  <200109011605.f81G51f18011
I suspect you may be right as a general rule. But if a federal prosecutor
(or a state one, for that matter), is going to bring charges against
someone for incitement or conspiracy in a case where some people have been
killed, I suspect that a "should be killed" line may be enough to garner
a conviction if you knew or should have known that folks would act on
what you say. In other words, your thought processes at the time and
your expectation of success matters.
This is just a hunch; I haven't researched the caselaw here.

@_date: 2001-09-04 13:11:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How strong Can I? 
tcmay on Sat, Sep 01, 2001 at 11:19:43PM -0700
References: <007401c1338c$132ae1e0$28279eac
  <200109020624.f826ODf21066
Also, if by "free distribution" you mean putting it on a web site, I
recall you are technically required to inform the Export Authorities
(aka the Department of Commerce BXA). Probably a felony if you don't,
depending on whether you're distributing source or object code, though
I doubt you'd be prosecuted, but you may want to check into this
rather than relying on my hazy recollection.

@_date: 2001-09-04 13:21:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gnutella remailers 
schear on Mon, Sep 03, 2001 at 10:42:19PM -0700
References: <65a9be17a1236f6260aa16a77ae46faa
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010903223344.031f7730
Maybe, but it's vulnerable to a few things, I'd wager, if you're talking
about writing a client that would log in to a web-based mail service
and then send mail from within it:
* Automated monitoring by Hotmail/Yahoo/Lycos Mail/etc. If an account
usually sends 10 messages/day, look for spikes in traffic two standard
deviations above the mean and temporarily block access to that account.
Or require human intervention to re-enable that account.
* Anti-spam monitoring, similar to the above. What a remailer (who
logs into the service and and sends mail from within it, rather than
forging the From: line) would do is what a lot of spammers would like
to do too.
* Contractual arrangements by the web-based mail operator that could,
theoretically, make the remailer operator liable in some cases.
Sorry to be such a downer today, but that doesn't seem like a wonderful
solution -- at least after web-based mail services realize what you're
doing and employ suitable technological/legal countermeasures. Perhaps
an automated registration process might work,using a large number of
accounts and automatically creating them as needed and discarding them
when necessary. Though to escape (theoretical, in my hypothetical)
legal liability, the initial setup and message-dumping would have to be
done anonymously, raising the cost and hassle factor.

@_date: 2001-09-04 14:17:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
References: <20010904123852.A12545
  <3B92258B.22440.158837BA
  <200109021938.f82JcQf23312
  <20010904123852.A12545
Certainly not now, which is why I said I was talking about five years or so in the future. Going through the "work" can be something as simple as an attachment to a spending bill; unless it's controversial, it's truly not that difficult to do.
Your point about ISPs as the targets for a "code of conduct" is a reasonable one, but the same analysis applies. Offshore ISPs will continue, at least at first, to host remailers, then perhaps be pressured into abandoning that plan if governments in other jurisdictions get sufficiently Another point of attack, although more far-fetched, is restricting the sites to which network providers can carry traffic. A restriction like "knowingly providing connectiviting to a service that provides anonymous re-mailing capabilities." Then the helpful Feds will provide daily lists of offshore remailers.

@_date: 2001-09-04 14:31:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gnutella remailers 
on Tue, Sep 04, 2001 at 10:28:59AM -0700
References: <65a9be17a1236f6260aa16a77ae46faa
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010903223344.031f7730
  <20010904132116.C14093
  <20010904102859.B30958
True, that's a possibility. But as anti-spam technology improves and
social pressure increases (maybe not tomorrow, but certainly over the
next few years), those sites will be far less useful than they are
today. Open relay owners will close 'em up and RBLish block lists
(perhaps more carefully targeted) will become more useful.
I'd say that relying on open relays as a long-term solution to act as
the exit point from a remailer chain is a poor strategy.

@_date: 2001-09-04 14:59:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: <20010904125751.A13920
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
It seems to me that John is taking the first steps toward a general argument: That police should not be allowed to do undercover work. His argument, taken to its logical conclusion, would prevent police from infiltrating criminal organizations in meatspace (let's assume, for the moment, that we're talking about serious criminal acts against property and person, not victimless crimes).
I propose that all anonymizers adopt a code of practice that
What happens when Anonymous Software Inc. sells its prepaid 300-minutes of anonymous browing kit through CompUSA and PC Warehouse? And, as others have pointed out, the people you most want to catch with this rule would have the strongest incentive to evade it.
Anonymous remailers and browsing technology is user- and value-neutral. As a practical matter, it makes sense to assume that the Feds are using it.

@_date: 2001-09-04 19:33:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
References: <20010904102133.A30958
Let me play Devil's Advocate a bit and try to challenge this conventional cypherpunk wisdom.
Unlike remailers, publishers exercise editorial discretion over what they print or distribute or broadcast. They do this by considering the content of the communication and judge, among other things, whether it is timely, newsworthy, informative, accurate, complete, relevant, interesting -- in other words, whether the content will succeed in the marketplace or not.
A remailer does none of those things. Instead of a person judging articles, books, or multimedia clips as worthy of being published, a remailer simply forwards. To that end, it is far more like a mechanical device: a conveyor belt that moves an item from one place to another, perhaps taking off a layer of packaging along the way.
Another analogy (though polluted because of the U.S. Mail regs) might be like a Mailboxes Etc.-type service that opens an envelope and forwards the extracted contents to you at another address. Even if that service *only* used FedEx and UPS (to avoid at least in part the postal regs), what court would strike down regulations enacted by legislatures or Congress? Seems to me the Supreme Court (wrongly) would say the First Amendment interests are limited, and it's a just exercise of the Commerce Clause.
Much would depend on the details, I'd imagine, of such a hypothetical law. Is it a flat ban, or (at first) brief identity-escrow periods?
Obviously I'm not trying to argue that Congress *should* enact such a law

@_date: 2001-09-04 19:53:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
References: <20010904143321.A2385
  <200109041749.NAA26560
  <5.1.0.14.2.20010831183757.03a22020
  <20010904125751.A13920
  <200109041749.NAA26560
Let me try to restate John's proposal, which has some very attractive qualities. There are a few questions, it seems to me:
1. Should we require by law that government employees never act under cover of anonymity? (In practice, what does that mean? Does that mean they can't lie about their truename, or does it mean that they have to affirmatively volunteer their employment status?)
2. Since the people enforcing this hypothetical law are the same people with the greatest incentives to violate it, what makes a disinterested observer believe that it will be effective? If we're not interested in effectiveness, why don't we just pass a law saying "no more police brutality" or "no cop shall violate someone's civil liberties?"
3. Since the people regulated by this hypothetical law who would object to it have innumerable allies in the legislatures of this fair nation, what makes a disinterested observer believe that this proposal could ever be anything more than a thought experiment?
4. Should privacy-providing companies pledge to disclose the identities of their .gov purchasers? Do we think that .govs will follow this rule, or use cutouts? Will it be effective when the tools can be freely downloaded or bought at CompUSA?
Me, I tend to think that federal agents shouldn't be infiltrating U.S. political parties, that the extent of undercover police work could be profitably scaled back quite a bit, that the IRS has few if any reasons to send its agents undercover, and that intelligence agencies have no business running operations domestically. Contrary to what John says, I'm happy to look critically at "homeland defense plans" -- what I've said is simply that this HD campaign has not yet eroded our civil libertes to the point where we have none. Be concerned, but not terrified.
I think John has a valid point when he says that we should look askance at anonymity firms that help government spy on us. Companies would be well-advised to make their practices (we sell to Feds, we refuse to sell to Feds) public. But the market being what it is, the tools so well-discussed in so many circles, and the switch from .mil or .gov to .org or .com so easy, that I suspect such promises might give us only a false sense of

@_date: 2001-09-04 20:11:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ...considered boring 
mattd on Wed, Sep 05, 2001 at 07:36:20AM +1000
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20010905072724.009da890
BTW for those of you who aren't on Politech, here's some other
stuff that mattd has written (and a link to an article about the Ohio cops investigating him):

@_date: 2001-09-04 20:15:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PRI event 9/5 in DC: A "free choice approach" to privacy 
This report takes a libertarian, almost cypherpunkish, approach to privacy,
and highlights some cypherpunk-developed tools as an alternative to
federal legislation.
----- Forwarded message from Declan McCullagh  -----

@_date: 2001-09-04 21:54:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
from juicy on Tue, Sep 04, 2001 at 05:47:33PM
  -0700
References: Anonymity allows people to evade laws. Governments don't like that.
Read the archives.

@_date: 2001-09-04 23:03:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
from juicy on Tue, Sep 04, 2001 at 07:26:15PM
  -0700
References: <19966c888a47446b2fd297f8bdab15ac
Sigh. Read the archives. Tim's cyphernomicon (I think that's what he
called it) is a good start. --Declan

@_date: 2001-09-05 08:23:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc 
SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE Bioterrorism Full committee hearing on the treat of bioterrorism and the spread of infectious diseases. Witnesses: Sam Nunn, co-chairman/CEO, Nuclear Threat Initiative; James Woolsey, former director, CIA, partner, Shea and Gardner; D.A. Henderson, director, Center for Civilian Biodefense Studies, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD; David Heymann, executive director, Communicable Diseases, World Health Organization, Geneva, Switzerland; Fred Ikle, distinguished scholar, Center for Strategic and International Studies; Frank Cilluffo, senior policy analyst, Center for Strategic and International Studies Location: 419 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 10 a.m. Contact: 202-224-3953 SENATE HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR AND PENSIONS COMMITTEE Stem Cell Research Full committee hearing to examine stem cell research issues. Witnesses: Sen. Arlen Specter, R-Pa.; HHS Secretary Tommy Thompson; Douglas Melton, Ph.D., Thomas Dudley Cabot Professor in the Natural Sciences, chairman, Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Harvard University; Karen Hersey, senior counsel, Intellectual Property, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; James Childress, Ph.D., Edwin Kyle Professor of Religious Ethics, University of Virginia; Kevin FitzGerald, SJ Ph.D., Georgetown University; John Chute, head, Hematopoietic Stem Cell Studies Section, NIDDK/Navy Transplantation and Autoimmunity Branch at NIH/Bethesda Naval Medical Center Location: 106 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 9:30 a.m. Contact: 202-224-5375  **REVISED**

@_date: 2001-09-05 08:39:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
nobody on Wed, Sep 05, 2001 at 09:50:38AM +0200
References: <0dffd49964f5e7725c25b58f9206334b
This is incorrect on at least two points: My artcle did not say such a
law was particularly likely, so it hardly deserves to be characterized
as "sky is falling." (My position is only that folks should consider
what would happen if such a law were to be passed.) Second, someone
else brought up anti-spam legislation.

@_date: 2001-09-05 08:44:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References: <200109042301.XAA20853 What's new here? *Possession* of child porn has been illegal for at
least a decade. Obscenity prosecutions for writing what people find
objectionable have a long history: Joyce, Miller, etc.
Take a longer view.

@_date: 2001-09-05 12:17:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
jya on Wed, Sep 05, 2001 at 09:49:12AM -0700
References:   <200109042301.XAA20853
  <20010905084400.B29327
  <200109051356.JAA07974
No, this isn't new. You didn't read my earlier message carefully.
Mere possession (not creation) of visual depictions of child
pornography has been a federal felony for at least a decade.
Someone who's a "collector" who did not publish the material would
be a felon.
Note I'm not defending the law, and there are plenty of problems with
the Ohio prosecution, but it is not something that folks here should
be particularly surprised about.

@_date: 2001-09-05 12:53:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
jya on Wed, Sep 05, 2001 at 12:22:41PM -0700
References: <200109051356.JAA07974
  <200109042301.XAA20853
  <20010905084400.B29327
  <200109051356.JAA07974
  <20010905121758.B387
  <200109051629.MAA31130
John, my ill-mannered, surly, and lovable friend, you may have
read it, but you sure didn't understand it.
My point, such as it is, is that the Ohio case is a natural expansion
and mild evolution of "child porn" laws in the U.S. If y'all are going
to get upset about the Ohio statute and prosecution, then you should
be looking critically at state and federal obscenity laws and child
porn laws as well. John, to his credit, seems to be doing that.

@_date: 2001-09-05 15:27:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
References: Your analogy is wrong. You should compare the number of meatspace
publishers and their political clout to the number of anonymous
remailer operators and their political clout.

@_date: 2001-09-05 17:26:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010904191520.02172770
[I'm not saying I believe these arguments, of course.]
The flaw in your analogy is that there is human selection involved in even a vanity press. The publisher will weigh, among other factors, whether the work is libelous, whether it contains any trade secrets or other potentially illegal items that could get him in trouble, whether the work is too controversial ("The Misunderstood Hitler") to publish, whether the writer will pay on time, consult with the writer over fonts, cover art, and so on.
Since a remailer, on the other hand does not exercise any independent editorial judgment about the content of the work, the burden should properly be on you to argue that a law restricting it is unconstitutional.
A better analogy: Remailers are like a robotic Mailboxes Etc.-type service that opens a FedEx envelope and forwards the extracted contents to you at another address via FedEx. The robot arm, like a remailer, does not consider the content of the communication and acts like any other machine. Since this robot-mailer is by its very nature implicating interstate commerce and serves a compelling state interest of the highest order, the law is presumptively constitutional.
But I know of no publisher who would publish a truly anonymous letter. Newspapers and magazine request truenames. If given someone's truename, a publisher may anonymize the letter, but a subpoena or other legal means should be able to extract the information after the fact. Also, publishers are legally liable for what they print, so they make content-based judgments about its quality -- again, unlike your remailer analogy.
I'm not as familiar with the rules governing radio, but I suspect that radio hosts are liable for slander and so on if they keep a defamation-spewing guest on the line. Your argument proves too much: Do you really want remailers to be treated the same way -- and held liable for what people say through them?
To the contrary, a smart staffer can write legislation that only applies to remailers. I'll leave the details to my hypothetical legislative counsel, but identity-escrow-for-12-hour restrictions could apply only to "a computer hardware and/or software device that receives an electronic mail message sent through SMTP or a similar protocol, decodes the contents through its private key, and forwards the decoded contents to a recipient." Adjust as broadly or narrowly as you like.

@_date: 2001-09-06 20:35:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Who does the First Amendment protect? 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 120 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-06 22:58:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
keyser-soze on Thu, Sep 06, 2001 at 05:30:19PM -0700
References: <200109070030.f870UJS68852
I'm confused about "Fedgov" references. This was a state law and
a state prosecution and a state judge. Doesn't make it right, but it
has little to do with "Fedgov."

@_date: 2001-09-07 21:22:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
Text of SSSCA draft bill:
Politech archive on DMCA:
    New Copyright Bill Heading to DC
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    4:19 p.m. Sep. 7, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- Music and record industry lobbyists are quietly readying
    an all-out assault on Congress this fall in hopes of dramatically
    rewriting copyright laws.
    With the help of Fritz Hollings (D-S.C.), the powerful chairman of the
    Senate Commerce committee, they hope to embed copy-protection controls
    in nearly all consumer electronic devices and PCs. All types of
    digital content, including music, video and e-books, are covered.
    The Security Systems Standards and Certification Act (SSSCA),
    scheduled to be introduced by Hollings, backs up this requirement with
    teeth: It would be a civil offense to create or sell any kind of
    computer equipment that "does not include and utilize certified
    security technologies" approved by the federal government.
    It also creates new federal felonies, punishable by five years in
    prison and fines of up to $500,000. Anyone who distributes copyrighted
    material with "security measures" disabled or has a network-attached
    computer that disables copy protection is covered.
    Hollings' draft bill, which Wired News obtained on Friday, represents
    the next round of the ongoing legal tussle between content holders and
    their opponents, including librarians, programmers and open-source
    advocates.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-09-07 21:24:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Text of draft Security Systems Standards and Certification Act 
Wired News article on SSSCA:
    Text of Security Systems Standards and Certification Act
      Sponsors: Sen. Fritz Hollings (D-S.C.), chairman of the Senate
      Commerce committee, and Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska). Draft dated
      August 6, 2001. This bill has not been introduced as of September
      7, 2001.
      Keystroked by Declan McCullagh, all typos his. Comments in
      [brackets] are his. The bill is 19 pages long; much of the text is
      summarized and placed in brackets.
      _________________________________________________________________
    Title I -- Security System Standards
    Sec. 101: Prohibition of Certain Devices
      (a) In General -- It is unlawful to manufacture, import, offer to
      the public, provide or otherwise traffic in any interactive digital
      device that does not include and utilize certified security
      technologies that adhere to the security system standards adopted
      under section 104.
      (b) Exception -- Subsection (a) does not apply to the offer for
      sale or provision of, or other trafficking in, any previously-owned
      interactive digital device, if such device was legally manufactured
      or imported, and sold, prior to the effective date of regulations
      adopted under section 104 and not subsequently modified in
      violation of subsection (a) or 103(a).
    Sec. 102: Preservation of the Integrity of Security
      An interactive computer service shall store and transmit with
      integrity any security measure associated with certified security
      techologies that is used in connection with copyrighted material or
      other protected content such service transmits or stores.
    Sec. 103: Prohibited Acts
      (a) Removal or Alteration of Security -- No person may --
      (1) remove or alter any certified security technology in an
      interactive digital device; or
      (2) transmit or make available to the public any copyrighted
      material or other protected content where the security measure
      associated with a certified security technology has been removed or
      altered.
      [Summary: Personal TV/cable/satellite time-shifting copies normally
      must be allowed by certified security technologies]
    Sec. 104: Adoption of Security System Standards
      [Summary: The private sector has 12 months to agree on a standard,
      or the Secretary of Commerce will step in. Industry groups that can
      participate: "representatives of interactive digital device
      manufacturers and representatives of copyright owners." If industry
      can agree, the secretary will turn their standard into a
      regulation; if not, normal government processes apply and NTIA
      takes the lead. The standard can be later modified. The secretary
      must certify technologies that adhere to those standards. Also:
      "The secretary shall certify only those conforming technologies
      that are available for licensing on reasonable and
      nondiscriminatory terms." FACA, a federal sunshine law, does not
      apply, and an antitrust exemption is included.]
    Sec. 108: Enforcement
    The provisions of section 1203 and 1204 of title 17, United States
    Code, shall apply to any violation of this title as if --
      (1) a violation of section 101 or 103(a)(1) of this Act were a
      violation of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code; and
      (2) a violation of section 102 or section 103(a)(2) of this Act
      were a violation of section 1202 of that title.
    Sec. 109. Definitions
      In this title:
      (1) Certified security technology -- The term "certified security
      technology" means a security technology certified by the Secretary
      of Commerce under section 105.
      (2) Interactive computer service -- The term "interactive computer
      service" has the meaning given that term in section 230(f) of the
      Communications Act of 1984 (47 U.S.C. 230(f)).
      [Note: According to 47 U.S.C. 230(f), an "interactive computer
      service" means "any information service, system, or access software
      provider that provides or enables computer access by multiple users
      to a computer server, including specifically a service or system
      that provides access to the Internet and such systems operated or
      services offered by libraries or educational institutions."]
      (3) Interactive digital device -- The term "interactive digital
      device" means "any machine, device, product, software, or
      technology, whether or not included with or as part of some other
      machine, device, product, software, or technology, that is
      designed, marketed or used for the primary purpose of, and that is
      capable of, storing, retrieving, processing, performing,
      transmitting, receiving, or copying information in digital form."
      (4) Secretary -- The term "Secretary" means the Secretary of
      Commerce [Takes effect at the date of enactment, except for
      sections that wait for federal standard.]
    Title II -- Internet Security Initiatives
      [Summary: Creates 25-member federal "Computer Security Partnership
      Council." Funds NIST computer security program at $50 million
      starting in FY2001, increasing by $10 million a year through
      FY2006. Funds computer security training program starting at $15
      million in FY2001. Creates federal "computer security awards."
      Requires NIST to encourage P3P and similar privacy standards]
      _________________________________________________________________
    Penalties summarized (by Declan):
    Criminal penalties apply to violations of sec. 102 or 103(a)(2). That
    includes the "interactive computer service shall store and transmit"
    without removal section, and the distribute "any copyrighted material
    or other protected content where the security measure associated with
    a certified security technology has been removed or altered."
    The criminal penalties are: "(1) shall be fined not more than $500,000
    or imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both, for the first
    offense; and (2) shall be fined not more than $1,000,000 or imprisoned
    for not more than 10 years, or both, for any subsequent offense." Only
    someone who violates the law "willfully and for purposes of commercial
    advantage or private financial gain" can be convicted.
    Civil penalties apply to violations of sec. 101 or 103(a)(1). That
    includes the section talking about how it's unlawful to make systems
    without security measures, and how nobody may "remove or alter any
    certified security technology in an interactive digital device."
    The civil penalties include injunctions in federal court, actual
    damages, and statutory damages.

@_date: 2001-09-08 10:21:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References: <20010905121758.B387 Your snotty message notwithstanding (I now regret taking you seriously
in the past, and I'll try not to make that mistake again), my point
was not to defend the law, as I made clear in the portion of my post
you conveniently neglected to include.
(In fact, since 1996 and the "morphed child porn" law in effect, Photoshop-
created fantasies have been illegal to possess, and people have been convicted
under that law, and their convictions (mostly) upheld.)
My point was that this is a natural outgrowth of existing child porn and
obscenity laws, and if you're upset at this, you should naturally be upset
at the entire framework.

@_date: 2001-09-08 12:02:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References: <20010908102128.A9509 I don't understand what you mean. Perhaps you can quote the relevant
section of the U.S. Constitution you're talking about, and follow it
up with some Slashdot URLs? Some week-old wire service articles would
be a big help too.
Your fan,

@_date: 2001-09-08 12:25:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Request for SSSCA mirror help 
I've put the complete SSSCA draft text in a PDF file here:
Can I talk some folks who can spare the bandwidth into mirroring it and sending me the URL? The file's 2.5 MB, and I don't want to overload the Well's poor servers. Then I'll distribute a list of the original and the mirror sites.
Please disregard this message after 3 pm ET Saturday.

@_date: 2001-09-08 13:19:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Request for SSSCA mirror help 
declan on Sat, Sep 08, 2001 at 12:25:18PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010908122504.00ab3e10
Looks like we're set. Thanks, folks.

@_date: 2001-09-08 19:07:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References: <20010908120204.A10705 Hahahahahaha. Choate is a special case.

@_date: 2001-09-09 11:40:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Naughty Journal Author Denied Plea Change 
References: <20010908190703.A18720
I have no interest what you call "politically correct" or not. But Choate has shown over a period of many years that he's not willing to engage in serious discussions here, and therefore is not worthy of serious replies. You, my friend, seem to be intent on following the same path, albeit a bit more snottily and quickly.

@_date: 2001-09-10 20:33:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: federal bureaucrats, frequent fliers? 
Somehow this just seems really wrong...
3. Frequent flier legislation passes Senate committee By Tanya N. Ballard An amendment to the Defense authorization bill (S. 1155) allowing military personnel and federal workers to keep the frequent flier miles they earn while traveling on the government's dime, was approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee Friday. Senate Governmental Affairs Committee Chairman Joseph Lieberman, D-Conn., sponsored the amendment along with Sen. John Warner, R-Va. In August Warner introduced S. 1369, a Senate bill that would have extended the benefit to federal employees. The Defense authorization amendment would allow military personnel, foreign service members, their families and others who travel on official government business to keep their frequent flier miles. "Soldiers, sailors, pilots, and Marines are on call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, prepared to go into harm's way," Lieberman explained. "Letting them take advantage of frequent flier programs--which cost the taxpayer absolutely nothing--is a small gesture, but one that can mean a lot for morale." The Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355) prohibits federal employees from accepting promotional items they receive while traveling at government expense. Those items included frequent flier miles, upgrades and access to carrier clubs or facilities. Full story:

@_date: 2001-09-12 08:42:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
jya on Tue, Sep 11, 2001 at 10:49:49PM -0700
References: <200109120256.WAA07019
There are a *lot* of generals in the Pentagon. Any attack that takes
out hundreds of linear feet of the building is likely to kill some.
As for the F16, could be disinformation. The Pittsburgh newspapers
quote lots of eyewitnesses, but no mention of a missile:
Also, if you were a pilot held hostage and wanted to crash the plane
somewhere, farmland that's a former coal mine would be a good bet.

@_date: 2001-09-12 12:16:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
nobody on Wed, Sep 12, 2001 at 06:00:46PM +0200
References: <4be50f9bc3262e18de859461637c7cfe
This is nonsense. I suspect the bin Laden want the U.S. to stop
handing Israel billions of dollars a year in aid and weapons. Not
bombing pharmecutical plants and lifting an embargo that kills
hundreds of thousands (allegedly) of Iraqi women and children might be
a nice move too.

@_date: 2001-09-12 12:34:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Coordination, maximizing terror, hypotheses (fwd) 
At 06:03 PM 9/12/01 +0200, Eugene Leitl forwarded:
It was one of the worst places to hit; the offices were under construction and not everyone had moved in yet.
This is nonsense, and shows how seriously we should take the rest of the message. I was at the Pentagon yesterday; the plane did not hit the south side. (Photos at mccullagh.org).
I pulled a transcript from Lexis-Nexis. Here's what Armey said in response to the Pennsylvania question, (AUDIO GAP) in the original:
ARMEY: Well we learned some things about that.  At this point the information
is classified.  It is clear that we to have had a good investigation going
forward.  We are gathering information, there is a (AUDIO GAP) confidentiality
on what we know, but we do know that this is a serious premeditated crime, and I can say without any doubt or hesitation it's an international crime.
Did he 'fess up? I doubt it. Armey is a savvy political operator and gets classified briefings probably once a week or so. It's unlikely he'd cough up confidential material now (he hasn't before) -- it was ~12 hours after the attack happened, so he had time to reflect and digest it.
(a MOTM)

@_date: 2001-09-12 14:23:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Coordination, maximizing terror, hypotheses (fwd) 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010912122316.0213e7a0
Fair enough.
 > and shows how seriously we should take the rest of the
Of course there's a south (or very close to a south) side to a building that has five of them. I put some photos I took yesterday up at mccullagh.org; the attack hit on the north (maybe you could call it northeast) side.
After Armey allegedly told this to CNN's largest audience in a decade? I doubt it.

@_date: 2001-09-12 16:32:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
02:59:57PM -0400
References: Another explanation: Could they be following a usual flight corridor
to deflect suspicion? I have no idea if this is the case, but it would
make sense to have such corridors above water, if only not to annoy
residents overmuch. That's what National does, more or less.
Agreed, if they were flying small one or two engine planes. Not sure
if that translates as well to a large, modern jet aircraft.
Maybe I'm being a little suspicious, but why in the world would a
terrorist who doesn't want to be caught and doesn't need the videotape
(can't watch it on the plane, realistically, I presume) any more take
it on the plane with him?

@_date: 2001-09-12 21:08:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
nobody on Thu, Sep 13, 2001 at 02:20:09AM +0200
References: It is beyond silly to talk about a mailing list that has probably had
tens of thousands of subscribers over its lifetime as having only two
primary philosophies of substance.
In fact, the "dark anger" we're likely to see will grace the tip of Tomahawk and other missiles en route to their targets.

@_date: 2001-09-12 22:47:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
-0400
References:  You appear to be making the mistake of listening to American broadcast
media, and expecting it to tell you that answer, rather than looking
for the answer yourself.

@_date: 2001-09-13 00:57:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
References: <20010912224722.A6221
If you look at the links from that page, you'll see it's actually an extraordinary lengthy interview that details bin Ladin's "demands." Basic searches will turn up far more information; my point was that information is out there and people should not be expect to be fed it.

@_date: 2001-09-13 10:01:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
schear on Wed, Sep 12, 2001 at 10:28:24PM -0700
References:   <5.1.0.14.0.20010912222341.035b89f0
I believe after a Washington Post expose a few months ago (or perhaps
it was just concidental) this rule was changed.

@_date: 2001-09-13 12:02:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
References: <20010913100139.A14583
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010912222341.035b89f0
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010912222341.035b89f0
This is what I vaguely recall -- I didn't write about it myself. I recall it was a GAO investigation that the Post wrote about. --Declan

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:58:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress mulls crypto restrictions in response to attacks 
Congress Mulls Stiff Crypto Laws
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    1:45 p.m. Sep. 13, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- The encryption wars have begun.
    For nearly a decade, privacy mavens have been worrying that a
    terrorist attack could prompt Congress to ban
    communications-scrambling products that frustrate both police wiretaps
    and U.S. intelligence agencies.
    Tuesday's catastrophe, which shed more blood on American soil than any
    event since the Civil War, appears to have started that process.
    Some politicians and defense hawks are warning that extremists such as
    Osama bin Laden, who U.S. officials say is a crypto-aficionado and the
    top suspect in Tuesday's attacks, enjoy unfettered access to
    privacy-protecting software and hardware that render their
    communications unintelligible to eavesdroppers.
    In a floor speech on Thursday, Sen. Judd Gregg (R-New Hampshire)
    called for a global prohibition on encryption products without
    backdoors for government surveillance.
    "This is something that we need international cooperation on and we
    need to have movement on in order to get the information that allows
    us to anticipate and prevent what occurred in New York and in
    Washington," Gregg said, according to a copy of his remarks that an
    aide provided.
    President Clinton appointed an ambassador-rank official, David Aaron,
    to try this approach, but eventually the administration abandoned the
    project.
    Gregg said encryption makers "have as much at risk as we have at risk
    as a nation, and they should understand that as a matter of
    citizenship, they have an obligation" to include decryption methods
    for government agents. Gregg, who previously headed the appropriations
    committee overseeing the Justice Department, said that such access
    would only take place with "court oversight."
    [...]
    Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy, a hawkish think tank
    that has won accolades from all recent Republican presidents, says
    that this week's terrorist attacks demonstrate the government must be
    able to penetrate communications it intercepts.
    "I'm certainly of the view that we need to let the U.S. government
    have access to encrypted material under appropriate circumstances and
    regulations," says Gaffney, an assistant secretary of defense under
    President Reagan.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:00:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
nobody on Thu, Sep 13, 2001 at 09:10:13PM +0200
References: <8c2b38b80588587f64cdbcb85eae4dc1
Now we see "Nomen's" true colors.
The Internet as we know it did not exist 10 years ago.
Cell phones as we know them did not exist 10 years ago.
Cable TV as we know it did not exist 10 years ago.
Lots of things can be banned under this facist-leaning thinking.

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:14:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CNN Using 1991 Footage of Celebrating Palestinians? 
on Thu, Sep 13, 2001 at 01:46:16PM -0700
References:   <3BA11B18.573ED501
I agree with Liz. This violates journalistic principles (old footage
can be used but must be labeled "file footage" or similar) and would
expose CNN to withering criticism from its competitors and other
Worth ignoring.

@_date: 2001-09-13 18:15:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
References: <200109132136.f8DLaF003594
I assume you wrote this before you saw my Wired article on the topic.

@_date: 2001-09-14 00:16:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: chefren 
jmalcolm on Fri, Sep 14, 2001 at 03:58:03AM +0000
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010913192001.02141e20
  <200109140340.f8E3eYf20890
  <15265.32843.518825.551642
Rob Carlson is a Linux geek and open-source type who is pretty
cypherpunkly, as things go. Had dinner with him and some other DC
folks this evening.
I think you're right about chefren.

@_date: 2001-09-14 10:33:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Ending States That Support Terrorism" 
tcmay on Thu, Sep 13, 2001 at 08:58:05PM -0700
References:   <200109140359.f8E3xZf21109
Yeah, you thought (most) tech reporters in general were friends
of liberty and privacy? Heh.
I did TechTV yesterday morning around noon ET. The segment before
mine had the host quoting Louis Freeh like our former FBI director
was the latest prophet; The segment, of course, was on restricting
strong crypto.

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:03:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cnet blaming Declan 
from shamrock on Thu, Sep 13, 2001 at 10:30:25PM -0700
References: Yikes, I don't watch the show. I assume you're serious?

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:10:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carnivore use 
Text of the Hatch-Feinstein "Combating Terrorism Act of 2001":
Discussion of the amendment:
    Senate OKs FBI Net Spying
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    12:55 p.m. Sep. 14, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- FBI agents soon may be able to spy on Internet users
    legally without a court order.
    On Thursday evening, two days after the worst terrorist attack in U.S.
    history, the Senate approved the "Combating Terrorism Act of 2001,"
    which enhances police wiretap powers and permits monitoring in more
    situations.
    The measure, proposed by Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and Dianne Feinstein
    (D-California), says any U.S. attorney or state attorney general can
    order the installation of the FBI's Carnivore surveillance system.
    Previously, there were stiffer restrictions on Carnivore and other
    Internet surveillance techniques.
    Its bipartisan sponsors argue that such laws are necessary to thwart
    terrorism. "It is essential that we give our law enforcement
    authorities every possible tool to search out and bring to justice
    those individuals who have brought such indiscriminate death into our
    backyard," Hatch said during the debate on the Senate floor.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-09-15 01:11:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: resend: re: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps 
citizenQ on Fri, Sep 14, 2001 at 04:11:53PM -0700
References:  > Please
indicate the wider circumstances, particularly the warrantless
circumstances, that this amendment allows cybertapping under, for
those of us without your time or acumen in editing the existing Title
III language.
To achieve enlightement, you must consider how this bill amends existing
wiretap law. This will take some time, it is true, but it is The Path.

@_date: 2001-09-15 03:17:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Material support to terrorists "concealing or disguising?" 
Sep 14, 2001 at 05:26:52PM -0700
References: <3BA2A04C.B41E8321
Looks like you already know the answer to *that* question...
(who may be becoming overly pessimistic)

@_date: 2001-09-15 03:18:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Bugged" calling cards? 
drevil on Sat, Sep 15, 2001 at 12:16:59AM -0000
References: <20010915001659.13621.qmail
Or the contents of the conversations. Read up on your wiretap laws first,

@_date: 2001-09-15 11:11:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: RE: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carn ivoreus e (fwd) 
References: I'll have the entire exchange, including my next response to Stu,
up on politechbot.com in a few hours.

@_date: 2001-09-15 12:05:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Debate over warrantless Carnivore bill with Stu Baker 
Stewart Baker is the former general counsel to the National Security Agency and now a partner at the Washington law firm of Steptoe and Johnson:
Below is a few rounds of a debate we had on Dave Farber's IP list in response to my article ("Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carnivore use"):

@_date: 2001-09-16 11:03:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: No Subject 
Clearly you have missed the path to enlightenment.

@_date: 2001-09-16 16:42:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: RE: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carn ivoreus e (fwd) 
References: <20010915111121.B30540 The debate is now posted here:

@_date: 2001-09-16 19:04:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Frank Sudia's proposal: Let's revive encryption key escrow 
Frank Sudia's bio says that he is a programmer, a lawyer, a public policy analyst, and a co-founder of the CertCo encryption company, formerly part of Bankers Trust. He is also the creator of the "Bankers Trust Corporate Key Escrow System."
His paper (see the link below)  is a suggestion for a route for Congress to take if they "decided to require all encryption systems to be readable by authorized legal authorities."
Saturday: September 15, 2001 02:14 AM
       "Dorothy Denning"        "Stewart Baker" Dear Policy Professional,
In response to the Attack on America, I have drawn upon my extensive work in
secure banking systems, key escrow systems, and patent licensing to bring
you the following white paper (about 10 pages of text).
Frank W. Sudia, JD, "Encryption and the Restoration of National Sovereignty:
Proposal for an Escrow Patent Pool Corporation," September 14, 2001.
     While at Bankers Trust (1991-98) I designed one of the largest encryption
systems in the world, the Global Trust Organization.  Chartered in 1999 as
Identrus LLC ( it now includes 50 of the world's largest
In my view, encryption policy options are poorly understood.  The power of
government to protect the nation should not be in doubt, yet the debate has
been skewed by the claims of opponents that such systems will not or cannot
In reality, it would be straightforward to build a system that is much more
secure than the current banking system.  However, this has not been done,
and cannot be done, because complex patent problems must be resolved.
Before anything serious and believable can ever be built, even on a test
basis, we must aggregate the required patents into product pools, using
government money and eminent domain powers, if necessary.  And we must fund
the development of prototypes.  Only after viability has been established
can the commercial sector move forward with products that are highly secure
and credible.
For further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.  If you are a
contact or friend of mine, I would appreciate comments, which will be
acknowledged in any future version.
Frank Sudia

@_date: 2001-09-16 23:23:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
References: <200109170028.f8H0SEf11555 <200109170159.f8H1xiv08248
I once looked into this for an article I coauthored for Liberty magazine.
I'd appreciate such a roundup, complete with cites.
Remember that we're always in a state of national emergency; thats what's
required for crypto exports to be controlled.

@_date: 2001-09-16 23:27:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: your mail 
citizenq on Sun, Sep 16, 2001 at 03:06:59PM -0700
References: <200109162206.f8GM6x894924
half-information or reporting that's packaged just like an SUV ad
except it's for the socalled digiscenti.  The issue is that we need
the best information that we can get and Declan's superficial
reportage of the Congressional debate does NOT fulfill the need.
Fool. I linked to the transcript and posted the text of the bill myself.
I offered in-depth coverage. Compare and contrast to wire coverage of
the same legislation to achieve enlightenment.

@_date: 2001-09-17 00:53:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: deconstructing legislation 
Unfortunately for "citizenq"'s tender sensibilities, sometimes it actually makes sense to call a fool a fool. This is one of those times. "citizenq" clearly does not understand the difference between a news article written by the general public that does not permit line-by-line analysis of the bill and more technical commentary that it suitable for other fora. I did write a detailed description of the bill for Politech, where such an analysis is appropriate:
"citizenq" has proven itself someone who needs killfiling.

@_date: 2001-09-17 09:47:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Suspending the Constitution 
bill.stewart on Sun, Sep 16, 2001 at 09:33:32PM -0700
References: <20010915031700.B6275
  <200109151500.IAA2767901
  <5.0.2.1.1.20010916212901.03209200
Actually the media behavior in this case isn't that terrible. We're pretty
much talking to the same folks we usually do. Look at the guests on
yesterday's AM shows: Armey, McCain, Gephardt, Cabinet members. These same
folks go on every week.

@_date: 2001-09-17 09:58:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Schoolyard arguments 
citizenQ on Sun, Sep 16, 2001 at 10:37:45PM -0700
References: I raised few policy objections. Instead I laid out what the bill would do.
It sounds like you're what Tim would call a simp-wimp apologist for
using Carnivore without court orders who is actively trying to sabotage
Never said it was.

@_date: 2001-09-17 23:26:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
The following excerpts come from Monday's Hotline, a daily political newsletter read by just about everyone in DC. This message should be read in a non-proportional typeface like Courier. If your mail reader can't do that, go to the politechbot.com archives and read it there.
Unfortunately for the clarity of debate here, the ban-crypto-without-backdoors question is poorly worded ("Should Encryption Laws Be Reduced To Aid CIA/FBI Surveillance?"), but then again I suspect most people figured it out. This poll is noteworthy not only for what it found, but that the pollsters included the crypto question in the first place. It shows that, all of a sudden, this has become a serious debate in Also note that 72 percent of those surveyed said anti-encryption laws would be "somewhat" or "very" helpful in preventing similar terrorist attacks.
Conducted 9/13-14/01 by Princeton Survey Research Associates; surveyed 1,001 adults aged 18 and over; margin of error +/- 3% (release, 9/15).
Favor Or Oppose The Following?
                                           Favor Oppose
Attack suspected terrorists like bin
Laden even if we're not sure they're
responsible for last week's attack          54%   40%
Attack terrorist bases and countries
that support them even if there is a
high likelihood for civilian casualties     71     21
Fav/Unfav Ratings ----Fav---- ---Unfav---
                   Very Mostly Mostly Very
Military         58%   36%      2%  2%
FBI                37     48       9   3
CIA                28    44       9   6
How Confident That National And Local Law Enforcement Can Stop
Terrorist Plots In The U.S.
Very Somewhat Not Too Confident Not At All
  32%      42%            17%        7%
How Much Would The Following Prevent Similar Terrorist Attacks?
                       Very Somewhat Not Too Much Not At All
Reduce encryption to
aid CIA/FBI             35       37          12         9
Should Encryption Laws Be Reduced To Aid CIA/FBI Surveillance?
    Yes No
    54% 39%
U.S. Put Arabs and Arab-Americans Under Special Surveillance?
    Agree Disagree
    32%   62%
Headline inflammatory
2001-09-17 05:45:23
I hope, in light of this terrible tragedy, that Dan Gillmor will cease his whining about personal privacy and recognize that our national security and the safety of our citizens override his concern about privacy, ``We have been tested before and survived: Don't let criminals shut down our freedoms'' (Aug. 12). The government absolutely must have the ability to monitor all encrypted messages, and anyone sending or receiving encrypted messages on our soil that cannot be decoded by the appropriate federal agency must be subject to arrest and seizure of the encryption equipment. We are at war, and we all, including Gillmor, need to recognize that.
Al Colby

@_date: 2001-09-18 10:52:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Tragedy sparks renewed interest in public service" 
Tragedy sparks renewed interest in public service
By Kellie Lunney
Many federal employees who have retired from public service are eager to return to work in the wake of last week's terrorist attacks, according to officials at the Office of Personnel Management. Other agencies, including the CIA and Coast Guard, have also reported a surge in interest among retirees and other people people eager to go to work for the government. "We have been getting a number of phone calls throughout our Employment Service Office from individual retirees interested in coming back to work to help out if they are needed," said Ellen Tunstall, assistant director for employment policy at OPM. Tunstall said OPM did not have specific numbers yet on how many people have offered to return. OPM has set up an e-mail address for federal retirees who are interested in returning to government service. Interested retirees can e-mail OPM at patriot at opm.gov. Those interested in applying for jobs with the federal government should refer to the USAJOBS Web site, OPM officials said. Under normal circumstances, re-employed federal retirees are required by law to take a reduction in pay or benefits if they want to return to government employment, but OPM announced last week that it is prepared to give agency heads the authority to grant waivers, and will respond to such requests Full story:

@_date: 2001-09-18 13:59:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Saudis detained photographing dam 
Two Saudis detained in Fresno Co.    The Fresno Bee  (Published Monday, September, 17, 2001 4:55AM)    Two Saudi men were detained Sunday by federal and local authorities for failing to carry proper immigration documentation, the Fresno County Sheriff's Department reported.  The two men, who were not identified, were seen taking photographs of the Shaver Lake reservoir and dam Sunday afternoon by a resident in the mountain community. While driving toward Fresno, the men were stopped for questioning by sheriff's deputies along Highway 168 near Pine Ridge just before 7 p.m.

@_date: 2001-09-18 15:06:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Sep 18, 2001 at 11:46:06AM -0700
References: <3BA7966E.A77F9FDA
Probably not worth the effort. They'll do what they want, no matter
what the crypto mavens say.
I wonder what's going to be in the emergency anti-terrorism bill that
Bush will send Congress on Wed or Thurs. Maybe not crypto restrictions,
but the language will likely bear a close read.

@_date: 2001-09-18 16:08:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Sep 18, 2001 at 01:00:48PM -0700
References: <3BA7966E.A77F9FDA
  <20010918150645.A16675 <3BA7A7F0.B95441F5
Gotcha. Also I posted a transcript of the Ashcroft-Mueller press conf
on the bill at politechbot.com.

@_date: 2001-09-18 16:34:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Transcript of today's Ashcroft press conf 
Attorney General Remarks
Press Briefing
FBI headquarters
September 17, 2001
ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: While the investigation is ongoing and still moving forward vigorously, we are beginning to learn
more about the attack last Tuesday and the plot to make it happen.
      As we have said before, we do believe that there are associates of the hijackers that have connections to terrorist
organizations that may still be in the United States. The tips we have received and the leads developed in the FBI field offices
have been extremely helpful in helping us assemble a list of individuals that might have information about these associates, or, in
fact, be among the associates. We are looking at the possibility that there may have been more than four planes targeted for
hijacking. But we are not able at this time to confirm that.
      To date the FBI has received more than 96,000 tips and potential leads: more than 54,000 on the website, nearly 9,000 on
the hot line, the toll_free WATTS line, and more than 33,000 leads that were generated in the FBI field offices. Obviously there
is still a great deal of information to be collected in order to understand the full picture of how last Tuesday's attack was
planned and the full extent of damage that the terrorists intended to cause is understood.
      Our effort includes talking to the numbers of people that may have information related to the case. That's why we have
forwarded a list of more than 190 people to national, state and local law enforcement agencies across the country and other
organizations that could be helpful in this effort, organizations like the airlines. We also have a responsibility to use every legal
means at our disposal to prevent further terrorist activity by taking people into custody who have violated the law and who may
pose a threat to America.
      The details that we have learned in the enormous destruction and devastation that was caused by last Tuesday's attack have
brought us to a turning point in our country's fight against terrorism and the preservation of the safety and security of our
society. On that morning last Tuesday the forces of terrorism attacked the citizens of our country with a ferocity that was
nothing short of a declaration of war against the people of America. The President of the United States has announced that we
will meet that declaration with a full commitment of resources and with a firm resolve to rid the world of terrorism.
      The fight against terrorism must be an overriding priority of the Department of Justice. I have talked this week about
possible legislative changes that we would need in order to be able to fight effectively against terrorism. And I'm pleased with
the cooperation from members of Congress and their ideas, their comments, their suggestions and their support for a package
which we would hope to have ready in the next few days. But this new effort requires more than just legislation.
      There are actions the Department of Justice can take now on its own to make sure the prevention of terrorism is a high
priority. That's why last night at my direction Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Jim Ziglar signed an
administrative revision to the current INS regulations regarding the detention of aliens. The regulation previously allowed the
Immigration and Naturalization Service only 24 hours in which to decide whether to charge an alien that had been taken into
custody because of a violation. The revision announced last night expands the 24_hour time period to 48 hours, or to an
additional reasonable time if necessary under an emergency or in other extraordinary circumstances. This rule change will apply
to the 75 individuals who are currently detained by the INS on immigration violations that may also have information related to
this investigation.
      In addition, every United States attorney's office has reviewed the office's resources and structure in light of the growing
threat of terrorism. As a part of the new counterterrorism strategy, every United States attorney and every district of such an
attorney that hasn't already done so has been asked to establish an antiterrorism task force. At my direction last week, each
U.S. attorney's office identified an experienced prosecutor who will serve as the antiterrorism coordinator for that district. That
coordinator is to convene a meeting of representatives from the federal law enforcement agencies, and that would be the FBI,
the INS, the DEA, the Marshals Service, Customs, Secret Service, the ATF, or Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms.
      Together with those federal officials there would be the invitation to primary state and local police forces in that district. That
group, headed by the U.S. attorney, would be the antiterrorism task force in that U.S. attorney's district. These task forces will
be a part of a national network that will coordinate the dissemination of information and the development of a strategy to
disrupt, dismantle and punish terrorist organizations throughout the country.
      First, the task forces will serve as a conduit for information about suspected terrorists between federal and local agencies,
so that local police forces can be part and parcel of an effort to prevent terrorist attacks by having access to the information
available to federal agencies. Intelligence about terrorist networks obtained by federal agencies will be disseminated through
these task forces to the local police officials who can help monitor any terrorist network in their locality. Also, intelligence
developed by local police will be conveyed through this collaboration to the federal agencies. This information highway will not
be a one_way street.
      Second, the antiterrorism task force in each district will serve as a coordinating body for implementing the operational plan
for the prevention of terrorism. Once substantial credible information is received indicating that individuals or groups in a
particular district may be terrorists or abetting terrorism or aiding terrorism, the members of the antiterrorism task force in
conjunction with the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice will determine and implement the most effective strategy for
incapacitating any terrorist activity on their part.
      Third, the antiterrorism task force in each district will serve as a standing organizational structure for a coordinated response
to any terrorist incident in that district.
      In sum, the implementation of the task force coordinated by the U.S. attorney in each district, working with the FBI, will
provide the operational foundation for a concerted national assault against terrorism. This system will provide law enforcement
with a comprehensive, seamless approach to attack terrorism within our       Now, I understand that this is an aggressive and an ambitious agenda, that it represents a more preventative approach to
doing business in the U.S. attorney's offices together with the FBI than perhaps has been the case in the past. We must all
recognize that our mission has changed. It has been changed by the events of this last week.
      The threat that seemed fairly remote to most Americans seven days ago is now felt in every heart and every home in the
United States. And if we are to dispel this threat, we must meet it with ingenuity and with determination. I want to thank all of
the hard_working individuals in the Federal Bureau of Investigation and all of the United States attorneys across the country,
and state and local law enforcement officials who have joined together with us for their quick action in this important mission.
Let me just address you on another matter that I think may be of concern to       As you all may be aware, a new Internet infection designed NIMDA __ some people say that's "ADMIN" backwards __ it
is, but I'm not sure if that's consequential __ was noted this morning. It may have started as early as yesterday, and it infects
computers on the Internet worldwide. The computers that are infected then scan the Internet in search of other computers. And
this very substantially expands the traffic load on the Internet. The scanning activity thus far indicates that this could be heavier
than the July activity with Code Red. Our government together with the private sector __ which is, incidentally, a very strong
and powerful partnership when we work together __ is assessing the problem. And we'll try and provide more information from
the FBI to you about this later today.
      In the meantime, I'm pleased to say that I understand that most of the antivirus companies have posted the files needed to
protect unprotected computers, and those files obviously are available at this time.
      There is no evidence at this time which links this infection to the terrorist attacks of last week.
      Thank you very much.
      Q What evidence is there, Mr. Attorney General, at this point that might connect this case to the Iraq government? And
secondly, has the FBI scuttled any other planned attacks that you're aware of?
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: Let me take those in inverse order, if you will. Obviously, as the FBI and other law
enforcement agencies elevate their security, we would hope if there were other attacks in the making, that those would be
deterred. And that's the reason we are asking people around the country to not only work, but to watch, and law enforcement
and security agencies to elevate their concerns.
      I wouldn't be in a position to discuss evidence in regard to questions about other responsible parties.
      Q Two weeks ago __ a few weeks ago, I should say, the FBI questioned flight schools in Minnesota and in Oklahoma about
a man who we now know is in custody because of suspicions about his flight training requests. Did the FBI or any federal
officials warn airlines or FAA to be on the watch for this individual? And if not, why not?
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: I'm not able to make a comment on that.
      Yes, ma'am.
      Q Mr. Ashcroft, earlier this year, you had a series of meeting with a bipartisan group from Congress in an effort to try and
repeal the use of secret evidence, evidence that is not shared with the defendants, so_called classified information. Courts have
repeatedly struck down the use of secret evidence against possible criminal aliens. You also had assured Congress a while
back that to the best of your knowledge, secret evidence is not being used by this administration against possible criminal aliens,
including alleged terrorists, and that you would not use secret evidence until Congress decided what to do. Given the situation,
will that change you opinion and also Congress' move, which I thought was imminent this month, to try and repeal the use of
secret evidence?
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: Well, your question brings us really to a point about the extent to which we will respect the
constitutional rights of individuals. And we will not yield in our determination to protect the constitutional rights of individuals.
Very frankly, those who attack the United States would attack the constitutional rights as well as the safety of individuals.
      We're going to do everything we can to harmonize the constitutional rights of individuals with every legal capacity we can
muster to also protect the safety and security of individuals.
      It's with that in mind that we would evaluate any potential changes in the law.
      Yes?
      Q Are any of the 71 being held __
      Q (Inaudible) __ system to track visa over_stays? No one even knows how many people are in the U.S. now without a visa.
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: Would you want to repeat that question?
      Q No one would ever have found these people if there hadn't been a catastrophe, because there's no way to track people
who are out of status or whatever way you want to call it.
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: The president of the United States recognized a very broad set of deficiencies in our
Immigration and Naturalization services that related to very many people out of status, and suggested and has called for a
reformation in INS. Plans to make the Immigration and Naturalization Service a better service agency and a better enforcement
agency are under way. And I can only hope that when we do that, it will result in an elevated capacity to secure the safety of
the American people.
      Yes, sir?
      Q General Ashcroft __ (off mike) __ information that there were more than five planes or six planes? You said you're unable
to confirm it.
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: We are unable to confirm that there are additional planes, but we have not ruled that out in our
evaluation. And we are pursuing an examination and investigative potentials that might help us be more certain about that
particular matter.
      Yes?
      Q Are you assuming wartime powers?
      Q (Inaudible) __ possible tips, how is it possible to check all of them? And how many are actually proving to be helpful?
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: (Chuckles.) Well, that's a very good question. Obviously, many of them are redundant and
many of them are mutually exclusive. And so we sort through them as best we can. We try to prioritize them. And pursuing an
investigation like this is a little bit like selling insurance; it doesn't matter how many bad ones you get, it's a matter of how many
times you finally find a situation where the answer is yes, and you pursue it. When we get to a good lead, then we follow it.
      Q Are any of (these suspects ?) considered prisoners of war? Are you assuming wartime powers in any way?
      ATTY GEN. ASHCROFT: No.
      Thank you.

@_date: 2001-09-18 19:42:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Sep 18, 2001 at 01:00:48PM -0700
References: <3BA7966E.A77F9FDA
  <20010918150645.A16675 <3BA7A7F0.B95441F5
I managed to get an outline of the emergency anti-terrorism bill.
Wiretap, FISA, immigration, court procedure, etc.
But no encryption restrictions listed.

@_date: 2001-09-18 19:43:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Transcript of today's Ashcroft press conf 
jya on Tue, Sep 18, 2001 at 05:41:05PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010918163235.02368310
  <200109182147.RAA21199
The copy I got had the date wrong, but it did happen today.

@_date: 2001-09-19 02:01:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: crypto law survey questions 
Sep 18, 2001 at 05:40:27PM -0700
References: <3BA7966E.A77F9FDA
  <20010918150645.A16675 <3BA7A7F0.B95441F5
  <20010918194241.B25800 <3BA7E97B.B5293DAB
Depends on whether you believe politicotalk or not. Gregg's comments
were heartfelt, IMHO. Sad that the only principles politicos seem to have
nowadays is the principle of limiting crypto, privacy.
Maybe. Then again, this would have been the time to do it, in this bill.
The fine print will bear reading.
Also, keep an eye out for Sen. Kyl, who complained about crypto last week.

@_date: 2001-09-19 02:04:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || Combating Terrorism Act of 2001 - Analyzed 
References: <3BA7ED93.CB024F83
Relying on kuro5hin for political and legislative analysis is like relying
on the broadcast networks for in-depth reporting.

@_date: 2001-09-19 03:24:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Subject: Re: kuro5hin.org || Combating Terrorism Act of 
citizenq on Tue, Sep 18, 2001 at 11:48:22PM +0000
References: <200109182348.f8INmM723927
The analysis, such as it is, was superficial. Some kuro5hin articles
are worthwhile and thought-provoking; this, alas, was not in that
Some problems with the article:
First, the bill did not pass "the legislature," just the Senate.
Second, the vote on the amendment was Thursday, not Friday. Third, it
was one session, not multiple "sessions." Fourth, it is hardly
"admirable that in this time of need partisan politics was [sic] put
aside" -- that's precisely what leads to bad legislation. Fifth, the
bill not not "been in the pipeline for two months" -- it was debated
in committee for far longer during hearings early this year. Sixth,
it does not "broadens the definition of wiretaps to mean monitoring of
communications over the Internet" -- Carnivore has already been used
under existing legal authority. Seventh, the constitutional analysis
is wrong -- the broadest protection of privacy found in the BoR is in
the Fourth Amendment, which isn't even mentioned, and which would be
used in a constutional attack on Carnivore.
The conclusion of this so-called analysis:
 "If we grant great powers to men of principle who we have trusted to
 lead us in times of national turmoil, and they don't loose [sic] sight
 of the righteous goal in front of them; then perhaps true good will
 come of this."
When "men of principle" are in the Senate? Leahy, who wrote CALEA?
What's this "righteous goal" -- supporting Bush in carpet-bombing
missions? What "true good" can come of this? What nonsense.
This is not a personal attack on the author, who I don't know and bear
no ill will toward. But if you really find simpleminded commentary
"mature," you're beyond contempt.

@_date: 2001-09-19 11:02:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bush's anti-terror bill appears not to include crypto 
Bush Bill Rewrites Spy Laws
    By Declan McCullagh (declan at wired.com)
    2:00 a.m. Sep. 19, 2001 PDT
    WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration will ask for more power to
    eavesdrop on phone calls, the Internet and voicemail messages,
    according to an outline of a bill obtained by Wired News.
    In response to last week's catastrophic terrorist attacks, President
    Bush plans to ask Congress to approve far-reaching legislation that
    rewrites U.S. laws dealing with electronic surveillance, immigration
    and support for terrorists.
    "We will call upon the Congress of the United States to enact these
    important anti-terrorism measures this week," Attorney General John
    Ashcroft said Monday. "We need these tools to fight the terrorism
    threat which exists in the United States, and we must meet that
    growing threat."
    According to the two-page outline -- which lacks key details and could
    change before it's sent to Capitol Hill -- police would be able to
    conduct more wiretaps and use the Carnivore surveillance system in
    more situations without court orders. That section of the bill appears
    to mirror an amendment the Senate approved last Thursday evening.
    No restrictions on encryption products, a prospect feared by some
    civil libertarians, appear in the outline.
    The bill hands prosecutors a courtroom edge, saying that accused
    terrorists should stay in jail by default, that detention of suspected
    terrorists is "mandatory," and that the Immigration and Naturalization
    Service will have more authority to kick immigrants suspected of being
    terrorists out of the United States.
    [...]

@_date: 2001-09-19 23:35:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Text of "Mobilization Against Terrorism Act" now online 
Text of the "Mobilization Against Terrorism Act":
    Text of President Bush's Anti-Terrorism Bill Now Online
    posted by declan on Wednesday September 19,     from the be-sure-to-read-the-fine-print dept.
    For the last week, Washington has been buzzing about what may
    -- or may not -- be in the "Mobilization Against Terrorism Act." We
    now have a draft copy of MATA online that you can find at
     or
     (Alas, it's in a series of JPG
    files, but if someone wants to take the large version and OCR it,
    please post a link in the comment thread below.) The Bush
    administration sent a draft of MATA to Congress late Wednesday, with
    the House Judiciary committee pledging "a legislative hearing followed
    by a full committee markup as soon as possible" once they receive the
    final version. We'll let you look through the bill yourself, but note
    how this would expand the utility of the Net's two favorite
    surveillance systems: Carnivore and Echelon. If you want to crib from
    a summary, see the outline we posted on Tuesday. EFF's press release
    on MATA is attached below.
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
For Immediate Release: September 19, 2001
Shari Steele, EFF Executive Director, ssteele at eff.org,
   +1 415 436-9333 x103
Lee Tien, EFF Senior Staff Attorney, tien at eff.org,
   +1 415 436-9333 x102 (office),
   +1 510 290-7131 (cell)
DOJ's Anti-Terrorism Law Would Dismantle Civil Liberties
Legislate to Improve Security Not Eliminate Freedoms
San Francisco, California - The Electronic Frontier
Foundation (EFF) today criticized the "Mobilization Against
Terrorism Act" proposed by the US Department of Justice
because many provisions of the law would dramatically alter
the civil liberties landscape through unnecessarily broad
restrictions on free speech and privacy rights in the
United States and abroad.
EFF again urged Congress to act with deliberation in
approving only measures that are effective in preventing
terrorism while protecting the freedoms of Americans.
Attorney General John Ashcroft distributed the proposed
Mobilization Against Terrorism Act to members of
Congress after Monday's press conference at which he
indicated that, among other measures, he would ask
Congress to expand the ability of law enforcement officers
to perform wiretaps in response to the terrorist attacks
on the United States on September 11, 2001. Ashcroft
asked Congress to pass anti-terrorism legislation
including "expanded electronic surveillance" by the end of
this week.
EFF believes this broad legislation would radically tip the
United States system of checks and balances, giving the
government unprecedented authority to surveil American
citizens with little judicial or other oversight.
One particularly egregious section of the DOJ's analysis of
its proposed legislation says that "United States
prosecutors may use against American citizens information
collected by a foreign government even if the collection
would have violated the Fourth Amendment."
"Operating from abroad, foreign governments will do the
dirty work of spying on the communications of Americans
worldwide. US protections against unreasonable search and
seizure won't matter," commented EFF Senior Staff Attorney
Lee Tien.
Additional provisions of the proposed Mobilization Against
Terrorism Act include measures which:
* Make it possible to obtain e-mail message header
information and Internet user web browsing patterns without
a wiretap order
* Eviscerate controls on roving wiretaps
* Permit law enforcement to disclose information obtained
through wiretaps to any employee of the Executive branch
* Reduce restrictions on domestic investigations under the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA)
* Permit grand juries to provide information to the US
intelligence community
* Permit the President to designate any "foreign-directed
individual, group, or entity," including any United States
citizen or organization, as a target for FISA
* Prevent people from even talking about terrorist acts
* Establish a DNA database for every person convicted of
any felony or certain sex offenses, almost all of which
are entirely unrelated to terrorism
EFF Executive Director Shari Steele emphasized, "While it
is obviously of vital national importance to respond
effectively to terrorism, this bill recalls the McCarthy
era in the power it would give the government to
scrutinize the private lives of American citizens."
Ashcroft's proposed legislation comes in the wake of the
Senate's hasty passage of the "Combating Terrorism Act"
on the evening of September 13 with less than 30 minutes
of consideration on the Senate floor.
About EFF:
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is the leading civil
liberties organization working to protect rights in the
digital world. Founded in 1990, EFF actively encourages and
challenges industry and government to support free
expression, privacy, and openness in the information
society. EFF is a member-supported organization and
maintains one of the most linked-to websites in the world:
The proposed Mobilization Against Terrorism Act:
EFF analysis of the Mobilization Against Terrorism Act
[coming soon]:
Attorney General John Ashcroft remarks on response to
terrorism from FBI headquarters on September 17, 2001:
The Combating Terrorism Act (S1562) passed by the Senate:
Senator Leahy's testimony on the Combating Terrorism Act:
EFF analysis of the Combating Terrorism Act:
Why "backdoor" encryption requirements reduce security:

@_date: 2001-09-20 01:05:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft's Plans to Shred the Constitution 
References: <200109200231.f8K2Vbp11192
This is correct. See the text posted at wartimeliberty.com
I didn't catch that based on a quick read. Got a section

@_date: 2001-09-20 07:57:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft's Plans to Shred the Constitution 
References: <20010920010526.A5633
Ah, thanks. I'll look for it in the analysis, which is on wartimeliberty.com.

@_date: 2001-09-20 16:05:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why the Palestinian Candy Story Was Believed 
freematt on Thu, Sep 20, 2001 at 12:56:26PM -0400
References: It's also bias against the mainstream media -- the person who circulated
the lie and the apparent originator both talked about evil corporations
or what not -- that may in some cases be justified, but often is not.
Certainly this "CNN file footage" was a lie, and a nasty one at that.

@_date: 2001-09-20 16:25:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Special for John Young -- homeland defense 
"In order to best protect our country and address the security needs of the American people, I'm proud to announce that we are converting the Working Group on Terrorism and Homeland Security into a full subcommittee, which will be part of the House Intelligence Committee.

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:13:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress 
from nobody on Thu, Sep 20, 2001 at 06:06:03PM
  +0200
References: Actually Congress is calming down just a little. I'm not saying they're
going to do the right thing -- just look at them taking the Echelon-
anti-4A bill seriously -- but there is opposition to the most radical

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:25:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: a libertarian approach to airport security: suggestions 
auto301094 on Thu, Sep 20, 2001 at 11:47:31AM -0700
References: <200109201847.f8KIlV860473
On Thu, Sep 20, 2001 at 11:47:31AM -0700, auto301094 at hushmail.com
 > -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- > approach to airport security technology and policy? For example, if
someone asked you to contribute to a policy point paper to brief the
White House, what would you recommend?
That they don't waste their time?
Nobody in DC is going to want to take a libertarian approach to airport
security at the best of times, let alone right now.
If you were to suggest something, let airlines choose whether to bring
private security aboard, whether to build high-security cockpit doors,
and so on. Let them compete for "safest airline" award from Consumer Reports.

@_date: 2001-09-20 22:27:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: somewhat encouraging... 
on Thu, Sep 20, 2001 at 07:34:13PM -0400
References: <20010920193413.A4704
I suspect that only at MIT, and certain places in the east bay in California,
are where you'll find peace marches right now. I read a lot of mainstream
news, and haven't come across much coverage of them...

@_date: 2001-09-21 01:03:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an argument 
Crypto Op-Ed: Privacy No Longer an Argument
   posted by admin on Thursday September 20,    M. W. Guzy has a provocative and not entirely coherent essay
   in Wednesday's St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Excerpt: "(Then-Senator
   John) Ashcroft wrote that mandating deciphering tools was tantamount
   to requiring 'individuals to surrender the keys to their house... to
   the FBI just in case they are someday suspected of breaking the law.'
   Somehow, that argument rings a little hollow when viewed through the
   smoldering ruins of the World Trade Center... Now, the landscape has
   changed. National sovereignty is at stake, and defeat is not an
   option..." Note that Guzy's essay is part condemnation of modern
   capitalism, part criticism of business for its support of market
   liberalism, and entirely inspired by wartime rhetoric.

@_date: 2001-09-21 10:13:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: WorldNetDaily on crypto, Paul Zimmermann, 116-digit keys 
E-mail encryption made easy
2001-09-21 05:36:13
E-mail encryption made easy
information. It is perhaps worth noting that while there was some
discussion of pursuing PGP's creator, Paul Zimmerman, for the
violation of U.S. export controls a few years ago, there is no law
banning the personal use of encryption software.
The question of PGP's security is
the occasion for much debate among the sort of folks who have pale
green "monitor tans" and a virulent passion for Gillian Anderson. It
is an interesting world full of real, if esoteric, concerns about
"backdoors," Van Eck freaking and brute force attacks.
time and expense needed to crack your key. Given that it took 400
MIPS-years by an array of parallel processors to crack a 116-digit
key, the amount of computing power required to break a 1024-bit key
appears to be tremendous, even more so for the 4096-bit protection
provided by PGP.

@_date: 2001-09-21 12:02:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Avoid hard targets tomorrow 
I think I may take a brief away-from-DC trip...
 >From the London TImes
 >
 >THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 20 2001
 >
 >Weekend alert as FBI warns of new attack
 >
 >BY DOMINIC KENNEDY AND DAMIAN WHITWORTH
 >
 >AMERICA and the West are bracing themselves for another potential
 >"Day of Infamy" this Saturday, when accomplices of the hijackers are
 >suspected of having plotted new outrages.
 >
 >The most solid evidence so far is the discovery that five associates
 >of the suicide gang had booked seats on two internal passenger
 >flights, taking them from Texas to California, in two days' time.
 >
 >FBI agents are trying to capture as many key operatives as possible
 >before any plot can be put into action.
 >
 >Water, gas and electricity suppliers, bridges, tunnels and
 >underground railways have increased security because of the perceived
 >threat of biological, chemical or physical attacks.
 >
 >In a dramatic development, three Arab airport workers in Detroit were
 >arrested after FBI agents found them in a house with handwritten
 >sketches of an airport, aircraft and runways. They had a notebook
 >containing information about the "American base in Turkey", "Alia
 >Airport" in Jordan and the "American foreign minister", legal
 >documents state. The three, Ahmed Hanna, 33, Karim Koubriti, 23, and
 >Farouk Ali-Halmoud, 21, from Morocco and Algeria, worked at Detroit
 >Metropolitan Airport preparing food for airlines.
 >
 >FBI agents stumbled across the trio while searching the address of
 >Habil al-Marabh, a suspected associate of the World Trade Centre
 >hijackers. The Arabs said that they did not know him. They have been
 >charged with conspiracy and having false immigration papers.
 >
 >The FBI is concentrating its energies on deterring more attacks this
 >Saturday. "Yes, we have heard something about September 22 but
 >nothing specific," an investigative source told America's Knight
 >Ridder news service.
 >
 >"We have information that leads us to believe that there could be
 >more attacks very soon. The same murky sources that indicated
 >something might be happening in the weeks before the attacks have
 >indicated something may be happening this weekend."
 >
 >Bob Graham, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said that
 >the New York and Washington suicide strikes were "part of a larger
 >plan with other terrorism acts, not necessarily the hijacking of
 >airplanes".
 >
 >The FBI has issued a "watch list" of 223 people suspected of being
 >associates of the hijackers. Nearly a quarter of the people on the
 >list are able to fly aircraft.
 >--

@_date: 2001-09-21 12:53:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: somewhat encouraging... 
citizenq on Fri, Sep 21, 2001 at 09:00:33AM +0000
References: <200109210900.f8L90XF41562
Washington Post ran an article near the front of the A section yesterday.
Perhaps that's not mainstream?

@_date: 2001-09-21 13:43:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Conservative Forum: Threat is not FBI, cops need crypto-access 
[Norm works on privacy topics for Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas), a libertarian- leaning kind of fellow. --DBM]

@_date: 2001-09-21 18:15:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: WorldNetDaily reports WTC-Pentagon terrorists used encryption 
WorldNetDaily Reports WTC Terrorists Used Encryption
    posted by admin on Friday September 21,     There must be something about encryption and terrorists in
    the same graf that makes levelheaded journalists go nutty. Just take a
    compelling -- if only because it's so strange -- article posted
    Thursday on the conservative WorldNetDaily news site. It claims,
    implausibly, that Osama bin Laden "has the NSA beat on the employment
    front, hiring the best computer experts on the market." One allegedly
    is Nabil Khan Kani, a Syrian living in Barcelona. Kani's supposedly
    the author of some data-hiding steganography products that have been
    giving U.S. spies fits. An excerpt: "Computer and terrorism experts
    suggest that the missing Syrian computer whiz was the author of the
    technology known as steganography... This technology enables users to
    bypass electronic monitoring by hiding messages randomly in seemingly
    innocent digital files, such as music files, those of the popular
    online marketplace eBay, pornographic files or even e-mail headers...
    U.S. intelligence has been unable to trace their authors and
    recipients in the three years since first detecting evidence of their
    existence in the files of the bin Laden organization. U.S. agencies
    now believe that the attacks in New York and Washington were
    coordinated through those encrypted electronic messages, which were
    opened by 'key' holders. They also believe that terrorists are in
    possession of all or part of the codes used by the Drug Enforcement
    Administration, the National Reconnaissance Office, Air Force
    Intelligence, Army Intelligence, Naval Intelligence, Marine Corps
    Intelligence and the intelligence offices of the State Department and
    Department of Energy." Watch for Sen. Judd "Anti-Crypto" Gregg to
    cite this report in a floor speech.

@_date: 2001-09-21 18:25:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: WorldNetDaily reports WTC-Pentagon terrorists used encryption 
See also:
----- Forwarded message from Declan McCullagh  -----

@_date: 2001-09-21 19:00:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Worried about new anti-terror laws? 
Folks worried about future anti-terror laws may want to read up on existing laws first. --Declan
US Code as of: 01/23/00
Sec. 798. Disclosure of classified information
7	(a) Whoever knowingly and willfully communicates, furnishes, transmits, or otherwise makes available to an unauthorized person, or publishes, or uses in any manner prejudicial to the safety or interest of the United States or for the benefit of any foreign government to the detriment of the United States any classified information -
7	(1) concerning the nature, preparation, or use of any code,
cipher, or cryptographic system of the United States or any
foreign government; or
7	(2) concerning the design, construction, use, maintenance, or
repair of any device, apparatus, or appliance used or prepared or
planned for use by the United States or any foreign government
for cryptographic or communication intelligence purposes; or
7	(3) concerning the communication intelligence activities of the
United States or any foreign government; or
7	(4) obtained by the process of communication intelligence from
the communications of any foreign government, knowing the same to
have been obtained by such processes -
Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or 7	(b) As used in subsection (a) of this section -
The term ''classified information'' means information which, at the time of a violation of this section, is, for reasons of national security, specifically designated by a United States Government Agency for limited or restricted dissemination or distribution;
The terms ''code,'' ''cipher,'' and ''cryptographic system'' include in their meanings, in addition to their usual meanings, any method of secret writing and any mechanical or electrical device or method used for the purpose of disguising or concealing the contents, significance, or meanings of communications;
The term ''foreign government'' includes in its meaning any person or persons acting or purporting to act for or on behalf of any faction, party, department, agency, bureau, or military force of or within a foreign country, or for or on behalf of any government or any person or persons purporting to act as a government within a foreign country, whether or not such government is recognized by the United States;
The term ''communication intelligence'' means all procedures and methods used in the interception of communications and the obtaining of information from such communications by other than the intended recipients;
The term ''unauthorized person'' means any person who, or agency which, is not authorized to receive information of the categories set forth in subsection (a) of this section, by the President, or by the head of a department or agency of the United States Government which is expressly designated by the President to engage in communication intelligence activities for the United States.
7	(c) Nothing in this section shall prohibit the furnishing, upon lawful demand, of information to any regularly constituted committee of the Senate or House of Representatives of the United States of America, or joint committee thereof.
7	(d)
7	(1) Any person convicted of a violation of this section shall forfeit to the United States irrespective of any provision of State law -
7	(A) any property constituting, or derived from, any proceeds
the person obtained, directly or indirectly, as the result of
such violation; and
(B) any of the person's property used, or intended to be used,
in any manner or part, to commit, or to facilitate the commission
of, such violation.
7	(2) The court, in imposing sentence on a defendant for a conviction of a violation of this section, shall order that the defendant forfeit to the United States all property described in paragraph (1).
7	(3) Except as provided in paragraph (4), the provisions of subsections (b), (c), and (e) through (p) of section 413 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 853(b), (c), and (e)-(p)), shall apply to -
7	(A) property subject to forfeiture under this subsection;
7	(B) any seizure or disposition of such property; and
(C) any administrative or judicial proceeding in relation to
such property, if not inconsistent with this subsection.
7	(4) Notwithstanding section 7	524(c) of title 28, there shall be deposited in the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601) all amounts from the forfeiture of property under this subsection remaining after the payment of expenses for forfeiture and sale authorized by law.
7	(5) As used in this subsection, the term ''State'' means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States.
US Code as of: 01/23/00
Sec. 793. Gathering, transmitting or losing defense information
7	(a) Whoever, for the purpose of obtaining information respecting the national defense with intent or reason to believe that the information is to be used to the injury of the United States, or to the advantage of any foreign nation, goes upon, enters, flies over, or otherwise obtains information concerning any vessel, aircraft, work of defense, navy yard, naval station, submarine base, fueling station, fort, battery, torpedo station, dockyard, canal, railroad, arsenal, camp, factory, mine, telegraph, telephone, wireless, or signal station, building, office, research laboratory or station or other place connected with the national defense owned or constructed, or in progress of construction by the United States or under the control of the United States, or of any of its officers, departments, or agencies, or within the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, or any place in which any vessel, aircraft, arms, munitions, or other materials or instruments for use in time of war are being made, prepared, repaired, stored, or are the subject of research or development, under any contract or agreement with the United States, or any department or agency thereof, or with any person on behalf of the United States, or otherwise on behalf of the United States, or any prohibited place so designated by the President by proclamation in time of war or in case of national emergency in which anything for the use of the Army, Navy, or Air Force is being prepared or constructed or stored, information as to which prohibited place the President has determined would be prejudicial to the national defense; or
7	(b) Whoever, for the purpose aforesaid, and with like intent or reason to believe, copies, takes, makes, or obtains, or attempts to copy, take, make, or obtain, any sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, document, writing, or note of anything connected with the national defense; or
7	(c) Whoever, for the purpose aforesaid, receives or obtains or agrees or attempts to receive or obtain from any person, or from any source whatever, any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, or note, of anything connected with the national defense, knowing or having reason to believe, at the time he receives or obtains, or agrees or attempts to receive or obtain it, that it has been or will be obtained, taken, made, or disposed of by any person contrary to the provisions of this chapter; or
7	(d) Whoever, lawfully having possession of, access to, control over, or being entrusted with any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, or note relating to the national defense, or information relating to the national defense which information the possessor has reason to believe could be used to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of any foreign nation, willfully communicates, delivers, transmits or causes to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted or attempts to communicate, deliver, transmit or cause to be communicated, delivered or transmitted the same to any person not entitled to receive it, or willfully retains the same and fails to deliver it on demand to the officer or employee of the United States entitled to receive it; or
7	(e) Whoever having unauthorized possession of, access to, or control over any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, or note relating to the national defense, or information relating to the national defense which information the possessor has reason to believe could be used to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of any foreign nation, willfully communicates, delivers, transmits or causes to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted, or attempts to communicate, deliver, transmit or cause to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted the same to any person not entitled to receive it, or willfully retains the same and fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the United States entitled to receive it; or
7	(f) Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note, or information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to his superior officer -
Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or 7	(g) If two or more persons conspire to violate any of the foregoing provisions of this section, and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of the conspiracy, each of the parties to such conspiracy shall be subject to the punishment provided for the offense which is the object of such conspiracy.
7	(h)
7	(1) Any person convicted of a violation of this section shall forfeit to the United States, irrespective of any provision of State law, any property constituting, or derived from, any proceeds the person obtained, directly or indirectly, from any foreign government, or any faction or party or military or naval force within a foreign country, whether recognized or unrecognized by the United States, as the result of such violation. For the purposes of this subsection, the term ''State'' includes a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.
7	(2) The court, in imposing sentence on a defendant for a conviction of a violation of this section, shall order that the defendant forfeit to the United States all property described in paragraph (1) of this subsection.
7	(3) The provisions of subsections (b), (c), and (e) through (p) of section 413 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 853(b), (c), and (e)-(p)) shall apply to -
7	(A) property subject to forfeiture under this subsection;
7	(B) any seizure or disposition of such property; and
(C) any administrative or judicial proceeding in relation to
such property, if not inconsistent with this subsection.
7	(4) Notwithstanding section 7	524(c) of title 28, there shall be deposited in the Crime Victims Fund in the Treasury all amounts from the forfeiture of property under this subsection remaining after the payment of expenses for forfeiture and sale authorized by law.

@_date: 2001-09-21 20:51:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Zimmermann\'s shameful display... 
citizenq on Fri, Sep 21, 2001 at 04:37:36PM -0700
References: <200109212337.f8LNbab34929
So you're new to the list?

@_date: 2001-09-21 22:08:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Judd Gregg is drafting anti-encryption legislation 
More on renewed interest in regulating crypto:
    Senator Judd Gregg Prepares Anti-Encryption Bill
    posted by admin on Friday September 21,     Sen. Judd Gregg (R-New Hampshire), who called for global
    backdoors in encryption products in a floor speech last week, is
    readying legislation.
    [...remainder snipped...]

@_date: 2001-09-21 23:44:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Preparedness 
Some brief thoughts in response:
* It's not just getting hit by an attack that we citydwellers may need to worry about, but the disruption afterward. It seems, based on news reports, that many thousands of New Yorkers were left without basic water-gas-electricity-phone service after last week's attacks. Water, food, warm clothes -- lucky it wasn't winter -- can be vital. Better than a Red Cross handout shelter.
* Folks in DC are starting to think through this. My intern told me today he has a gas mask (not new, he's had it a while). It's sorta a nervous joke

@_date: 2001-09-24 16:44:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
References: You're pretty much right.But the Times has some very decent reporters, and get more national security and defense scoops
than the Post.

@_date: 2001-09-24 16:46:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ID cards+law history; 
xeni on Sun, Sep 23, 2001 at 10:08:24PM -0700
References: <2CVN4RT1ZOYHCQNKUGFIEG0RJLBICQ2FAH545Y3M
I've written a bit about "national ID card" proposals. This link
may eventually work:

@_date: 2001-09-25 01:49:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
nobody on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 03:22:34AM -0000
References: <07a7490e8edd15ee662eb5858b160cae
Difference: Cypherpunks distrust democracy, at least unfettered from its
democratic republic roots in the U.S., because it has proven an uncertain
safeguard of liberty. Bin Laden & co distrust democracy because it permits
too much liberty.

@_date: 2001-09-25 02:03:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [texas-hpr] ATF letter (fwd) 
References: Not Found
The requested URL was not found on this server.
Please check the filename requested and/or the link that you followed.

@_date: 2001-09-25 20:37:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
References: <004001c145e4$189fcb30$2d010a0a
Try next week...

@_date: 2001-09-26 01:05:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
References: <00ff01c14623$9be74830$2d010a0a
 <004001c145e4$189fcb30$2d010a0a
 <20010925203731.A11984
 <00ff01c14623$9be74830$2d010a0a
They won't wait that long. Folks in Congress mostly seem to be making the right noises so they won't be accused of being anti-civil liberties. But there's a big difference, as I say in Wednesday's Wired article on the topic, between raising criticisms in committee and voting against it whilst live on CNN.

@_date: 2001-09-26 10:42:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
References: <004001c145e4$189fcb30$2d010a0a <4.3.2.7.2.20010925203022.00d87f00
I reported it in an article I wrote Monday; Monday's hearing where
chairman Sensenbrenner announced this was covered live on CSPAN; the
committee web site was updated to reflect this; the wire service
daybooks were updated to reflect this.

@_date: 2001-09-26 10:47:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MIME-encoded PGP / GPG signatures (again) 
References: <20010925224951.A29055
Well put. This reflects my sentiments as well. Many of us use lne.com,
a well-run service, and enjoy how its policy of stripping MIME attachments.
Feel free to subscribe to another cypherpunks node and merrily be
as MIMEful as you like, but don't be surprised if everyone else ignores you.

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:13:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
aimee.farr on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 11:03:03PM -0500
References: The FBI is responsible for counterterrorism efforts in the U.S. They
have received billions in this area, one of the most rapidly-growing
in their budgets. They have failed miserably. It makese sense, as I said
in a BBC interview last week, not to hold them in "disdain," but not to whitewash their failure either.
That said, it's hardly unreasonable for Americans to help the FBI
(a flight school instructor who recognizes the names of some of his
former students in the media might well want to phone the FBI). But
cypherpunks can't be blamed for being critical of the FBI's counterrorist efforts so far.

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:17:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
tcmay on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 10:07:49PM -0700
References:  <200109260511.f8Q5Bqf08670
There's an entertaining aside that happened in Hawaii during WWII
during a conflict between civilian and military law. The US Marshals,
on behalf of the civil courts, tried to serve a military commander
with a subpoena. The officer ordered troops to block the marshal from
walking onto the porch, while he escaped through a side exit to a
waiting car.

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:32:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
tcmay on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 10:12:29AM -0700
References: <200109261550.LAA29643
  <200109261716.f8QHGSf12114
A relative of mine works in midtown Manhattan and lives in the
city. He has a 20 minute subway commute each morning, which is what I
had when I worked at Time and other jobs in downtown DC. Perfectly
reasonable, by city standards.
A friend emailed me this yesterday:
My relative added this:
I spoke with a cpunk today on the phone, who told me that one of the
two tunnels (Lincoln or Hudson, don't remember which) connecting
Manhattan with the rest of the world to the west was still closed to
all but emergency vehicles. That leaves one tunnel and the GW bridge
to the west, with the Brooklyn bridge closed to the east. Couple that
with serious car searches and the resulting delays, and you've got a
very good reason to move far away.
In DC, things aren't that bad. Road closings near the Pentagon (I-395)
have snarled traffic in the area and led to Metro opening at 4:30 am
to get people to work on time. But coming in and out of the city
through other routes outside of rush hour, which I've done twice this
week, is same as usual.

@_date: 2001-09-26 18:18:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reason's C. Young: Encryption is "scary," put up with 
September 24, 2001
    Civil liberties may take a hit
    By Cathy Young
    [...]
    The movements of foreign visitors will be scrutinized more closely.
    Perhaps most alarming to many civil libertarians, it's likely that the
    government will expand its ability to monitor electronic mail, which
    has been a controversial issue for some time.
    Do I like the idea of the government intercepting e-mail? No. But, as
    long as there's judicial oversight and due process, that's no
    different from its longstanding power to intercept regular mail.
    Do I like the idea of people being able to encrypt electronic
    communications so that they are beyond surveillance? Frankly, I found
    it scary even before Sept. 11 - precisely because of the threat of
    terrorism.
    It is said that there are no atheists in foxholes; perhaps there are
    no true libertarians in times of terrorist attacks.
    Even in the Declaration of Independence, the right to liberty is
    preceded by the right to life.

@_date: 2001-09-26 18:38:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limit encryption 
[This article no longer appears to be online, but I've verified that the below excerpt is accurate. --DBM]
Montreal Gazette
September 25, 2001 Tuesday
Page 14
Ottawa to try to freeze terrorist funds: Tougher rules and changes to criminal code expected to make it easier to track monies
By ELIZABETH THOMPSON
OTTAWA -- Canada will move to follow the American lead and shut down funding for terrorists, Secretary of State for International Financial Institutions Jim Peterson said yesterday. [...]
Peterson said the government plans to adopt tough new weapons to combat the financing of terrorism, possibly through an omnibus bill. Among the possible measures is extending the system that combats money-laundering to tracking terrorist funds, he said. While Peterson said the new rules are almost ready and should be introduced soon, neither he nor Justice Minister Anne McLellan could pinpoint a date. [...]
McLellan said the legislation she is preparing will also deal with such issues as lawful access, encryption, decryption and electronic surveillance. [...] McLellan said she will meet with a number of European counterparts today and
U.S counterparts next week to try to co-ordinate Canada's legislation with theirs. [...]

@_date: 2001-09-26 18:56:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
References: <20010926181359.A13196 Jim, you forgot to include the links to last week's Slashdot threads and
the X10 website! Perhaps you'll be so kind as to follow up in multiple
additional messages.
Yours truly,

@_date: 2001-09-26 18:59:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Muslims and Christians Stand United 
elyn on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 05:00:03PM -0400
References: <000b01c1467a$8a3b96c0$3a0da2cd
  <02f301c146ce$39bed6e0$6b8d1d18
* Read the Flippin' Archives. CJ, though we have no idea whether it's him or not posting, is one of the more colorful cypherpunk characters.

@_date: 2001-09-26 19:04:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reason's C. Young: Encryption is "scary," put up with 
tcmay on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 03:28:02PM -0700
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010926181812.022f5150
  <200109262232.f8QMW3f15348
Like most good publications, Reason gives columnists wide latitude
Cathy Young has written some excellent articles in certain areas in
the past. Now she's branching out to anti-terror responses, which
shows that she's not a libertarian across the board.
Reason asked me to write a piece for them on civil lib after 9-11,
which I finished last night, so the editors seem to want a variety of

@_date: 2001-09-26 19:17:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limit 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010926183800.02313cd0
Ah, yes, Canada, land of the free. Didn't you know that Montreal is an entirely hospitable place for libertarian anarcho-capitalists?
Perhaps there will be an exemption in this (admittedly, entirely fuzzy) proposal for companies that voluntarily escrow their keys with the RCMP.

@_date: 2001-09-26 20:07:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limit 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010926191337.02317520
  <5.1.0.14.0.20010926160413.03772a38
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010926183800.02313cd0
Ah, I was joking. But they'll have to find some way to comply (if the bill becomes law, hardly a certainty).

@_date: 2001-09-26 20:34:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: ACTION: SUCCESS!  Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 
alan on Tue, Sep 25, 2001 at 08:47:37PM -0700
References: <004001c145e4$189fcb30$2d010a0a
  <20010925203731.A11984
  <00ff01c14623$9be74830$2d010a0a
  <20010926061506.0AB486E42
Nah, they'll remove a few sections, claim a reasonable "compromise"
was reached that preserves civil liberties, and say this bill is
a necessary measure to thwart terrorism.
Standing up for civil lib now gives them political cover later.

@_date: 2001-09-26 23:13:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
tcmay on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 07:32:57PM -0700
References: <168.178e579.28e3d7aa
  <200109270237.f8R2b1f17320
"Several?" A Lexis search on this phrase turns up 149 items:
("bin laden" or "bin ladin") and ("encryption" or "steganography") and date aft 9/10/2001
And that's not counting most web-based news services, such as CNET or Salon.

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:33:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
References:  <00df01c14708$d6107dc0$6b8d1d18
Federal agents said in sworn testimony that they monitor cypherpunks.
No speculation required. I wrote about this in a cluebot.com article
after the Bell trial.

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:38:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reason's C. Young: Encryption is "scary," put up with 
declan on Wed, Sep 26, 2001 at 06:18:15PM -0400
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010926181812.022f5150
In case any of y'all actually care, my response (and others) to Young's
essay is here:

@_date: 2001-09-27 11:12:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking 
10:29:42AM -0400
References: Agreed. That kind of nasty rant would seem to be authored by an agent
provocateur, or a very juvenile flamer. It's hardly representative of
discussions here.

@_date: 2001-09-27 13:02:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Man With Bin Laden Tattoo Being Held in SoCal 
Sep 27, 2001 at 09:48:19AM -0700
References: <3BB35853.BCFB2CE2
This is hysterical. I can imagine hundreds of sleeper agents rushing
to tattoo parlors and having their chestglyphs changed to "bomb Laden"
or something appropriately patriotic.

@_date: 2001-09-27 15:11:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Are Plea Agreements Always Accurate 
emc on Thu, Sep 27, 2001 at 10:34:19AM -0700
References: <200109271734.MAA08451
Feel free to read the plea agreement (politechbot.com) yourself and
draw your own conclusions.
Yes, federal prosecutors may go on fishing expeditions and file
thoughtcrime charges. We've discussed many such cases here. But it
does not logically follow that all charges filed by federal
prosecutors are abuses of power.

@_date: 2001-09-27 15:17:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congresscritters with gas masks 
Roll Call is one of the two major papers (along with the Hill) covering Capitol Hill... --Declan
Protective masks for every House Member and floor staffer were placed in an area readily accessible to lawmakers in the Capitol roughly a year ago to guard against a chemical or germ warfare assault, according to senior House "There were plenty of meetings where this was discussed and it was put in place," a knowledgeable House GOP aide said.
Another House staffer added that masks are available in multiple places within the Capitol building.

@_date: 2001-09-28 00:57:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: No DNA eartags for the sheep? 
citizenq on Thu, Sep 27, 2001 at 07:58:39PM -0700
References: <200109280258.f8S2wd617739
See wartimeliberty.com.

@_date: 2001-09-28 11:32:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Brian West 
jya on Fri, Sep 28, 2001 at 10:38:09AM -0700
References: <2B2EE6398DC4D411903500B0D079111A21D90D
  <200109281446.KAA25384
This is incorrect. My article was based on conversations with defense
counsel and supporters, including an off-the record conversation that
I could not use in the article, conversations with the Feds, a review
of earlier correspondence
( in the
case, a review of the statute in question here, a review of affidavits
filed in the case, and the plea agreement that West signed.
It's easy to flame on a mailing list. Knowing what you're talking about
it a bit more difficult.

@_date: 2001-09-28 14:01:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Feds adopt first-ever quality standards for their own work 
2. OMB to agencies: Get it right before you put it out
By Jason Peckenpaugh The Office of Management and Budget Wednesday issued its first-ever
guidelines to ensure information delivered by federal agencies-from
census data to weather forecasts-meets standards of quality and
integrity. The OMB guidelines require agencies to make information quality a
performance goal and to develop a review process to ensure the integrity
of information before it is released. Agencies must also develop their
own standards for information quality that conform to OMB's guidelines. Under the guidelines, citizens can ask for corrected versions of any
information that violates these guidelines, but OMB told agencies to
make certain the correction process does not bog down their operations. "Agencies, in making their determination of whether or not to correct
information, may reject claims made in bad faith or without
justification," said John Graham, administrator of the Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs at OMB. Full story:

@_date: 2001-09-28 18:53:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
A Michigan congressman is looking into launching a federal investigation of the problem of toxic mold in the United States,
         Michigan Lawyers Weekly has learned.
Meanwhile, a number of state legislators are about to introduce a bill in Lansing to address toxic mold in this state, a problem that was first reported in a recent issue of
           Michigan Lawyers
         Weekly. ("Toxic Mold Litigation Takes Hold In Michigan," July 30.)
So-called "toxic molds" infest porous building materials like wood and drywall inside homes and other buildings. The molds release poisonous mycotoxins that can have grave health effects, especially on children, the elderly and those with compromised immune systems. Experts say that remediation is often difficult, hazardous and expensive. Health effects can be permanent.
Read here for more.

@_date: 2001-09-28 19:34:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
Eric: I forward stuff to cypherpunks that I find relevant and interesting. If you don't like the items, feel free to delete them or whatnot. *shrug*
If Congress were to do nothing about toxic mold, somehow, I suspect the republic would survive. There are many, many problems in this world. Somehow, humans usually manage without politicians' help.

@_date: 2001-09-28 22:07:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Alert! Congress to target "TOXIC MOLD!" 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010928193025.00a962f0
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010928185253.00aa0090
  <20010928162625.A30369
  <5.0.2.1.0.20010928193025.00a962f0
Eric, I appreciate your contributions to and support of the list, but, again, if you don't like a post, you know what to do...

@_date: 2001-09-30 11:17:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
References: The Washington Times ran a stratfor.com article (as a news article, like
the paper would run Reuters or AP) yesterday. I haven't visited their
website, but what I read yesterday is quite interesting.

@_date: 2002-08-12 10:29:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Washington DC evacuation plan... for federal employees 
1. Government creates new Washington evacuation plan
By Jason Peckenpaugh
The federal government has created a new procedure for evacuating federal employees in Washington in the case of possible terrorist attacks on the nation's capital.
The protocol, which took effect in May, tells who can decide to evacuate federal employees from agencies and how the government will communicate the decision to employees and to city and state agencies that would be affected by a mass exodus of civil servants from Washington. It is an attempt to improve on the ad hoc process used on Sept. 11, when the Office of Personnel Management closed federal agencies without first notifying state and transit officials in the Washington area.
"Basically the only emergency plan that was available that this area had [on Sept. 11] was the snow emergency plan," said Scott Hatch, OPM's director of communications. The new protocol was designed to handle federal evacuations in Washington, but could be used to make evacuation decisions for civil servants in other cities, he said.
Full story: Return to Top

@_date: 2002-12-09 10:52:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Drug czar" McCaffrey cashes in as homeland-security lobbyist 
Seeing Green. The latest person to take the well-traveled path from Capitol Hill to greater riches on K Street is Dan Turton, floor assistant for outgoing House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt (D- Mo.).
Turton has singed up with Timmons & Co., which has also snapped up Alan Hoffman, chief of staff to Sen. Joseph Biden (D-Del.).
At a grave time for the airline industry, meanwhile, American Airlines has tapped Daniel Elwell to serve as managing director of international and governmental affairs. Taking a more unconventional path to the lobbying industry, Elwell is a veteran company pilot. That led to the inevitable quip in a company press release that he is "equally at ease navigating a bill through Congress as he is a 767 across the country."
Fleishman-Hillard, meanwhile, has signed up the former drug czar, retired Gen. Barry McCaffrey, to launch a new homeland security practice at the public relations behemoth. Three members of the firm's international advisory board - former Defense Secretary William Cohen, ex-Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) and former Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan - will provide "strategic counsel"to the new practice.
And Thomas Wheeler, president and CEO of the Cellular Telecommunications & Internet Association, has been elected president of the board of directors of the Foundation for the National Archives.

@_date: 2002-01-03 00:17:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Illusional delusions 
tcmay on Tue, Dec 25, 2001 at 05:51:01PM -0800
References: <20011225163806.A22507
  <03C14CEA-F9A3-11D5-A90A-0050E439C473
Just skimming the list after coming back from vacation... Dan Klein has written a nice book titled "Reputation" which I frequently
recommend. Looks at some of these examples in detail from a self-
regulatory, free-market perspective.

@_date: 2002-01-04 10:43:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
10:19:52AM -0500
References: Actually, has mattd/proffr ever claimed to be an "informed poster?" :)
At least, as I think you said yesterday, CJ had much more flair,
and a better understanding of things cypherpunkly. Ah well. Procmail
makes things much better.

@_date: 2002-01-05 18:32:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FOI- Arizona Stadium Tax Nazis 
References: Thanks for posting. I've forwarded it and copied the board members,
as a courtesy:

@_date: 2002-01-07 23:36:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Detweiler, Vulis, Toto, John Young, and mattd 
tcmay on Sun, Jan 06, 2002 at 10:15:03AM -0800
References:   <4E213D27-02D1-11D6-9841-0050E439C473
Or there's something about the cypherpunks list that attracts 'em,
which I tend to think is the case.
I really dislike procmail filters because even wossname and wossname
post something reasonable once in a very long while, but I had to resort
to it a few weeks ago. Too much crud.

@_date: 2002-01-07 23:44:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Eudora filters for mattd 
from andrew on Mon, Jan 07, 2002 at 04:04:21AM -0800
References: <8fed0c132d2436b0c4f7b81e429f7ff6
  <5.1.0.14.2.20020107040120.00ae10f8@
You may also want to choose "delete from server" as well. Though I use
procmail for cypherpunks, not Eudora.
Also, some From: lines weren't matching properly so I turned up the
wildcards a bit and all was well.

@_date: 2002-01-07 23:48:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
References: <20020108011003.29368.qmail It seems pretty clear from the court documents that the Scarfo keyboard
logger only recorded keystrokes. We don't have details ("classified,"
"national security," "CIPA") but the exhibit introduced as evidence
shows backspaces, up-down arrows, and other functions you'd normally
associate with keyboard entry only.

@_date: 2002-01-07 23:52:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
tcmay on Mon, Jan 07, 2002 at 04:46:02PM -0800
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20020107161115.03bb81c8
  <176FA769-03D1-11D6-9841-0050E439C473
Except when the local firefighters show up when your house is on fire,
you're away, and the gun is rigged...
Actually, the warrant in the Scarfo case was signed by a federal magistrate judge. That doesn't mean it's constitutional, but the
judge had exactly this in mind.
investigative means, Judge Haneke's Order permitted law enforcement
officers to "install and leave behind software, firmware, and/or
hardware equipment which will monitor the inputted data entered on
Nicodemo S. Scarfo's computer in the TARGET LOCATION so that the
F.B.I. can capture the password necessary to decrypt computer files by
recording the key related information as they are entered."

@_date: 2002-01-08 00:00:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: End of the IRS?? 
mean-green on Mon, Jan 07, 2002 at 06:41:24PM -0800
References: <200201080241.g082fOj76178
I've never quite understood how the amendment-not-ratified-properly-in-1913
argument is supposed to play out.
If this were 1915 and we suddenly realized that there was some funny
business going on, that would be one thing. But much has changed in the last 90 or so years. Courts have allowed
the federal government to seize power not granted by the Constitution
(and, in some cases, strictly prohibited by it). Booze prohibition
required a constitutional amendment; drug prohibition wouldn't.
So even if someone were to prove that the 16th Am. wasn't quite kosher,
what would stop the courts from saying -- it wasn't necessary?

@_date: 2002-01-08 17:46:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
References: <3C3B6453.51C97C98
I'm naturally skeptical of this claim (until I can verify it for
myself), but I do not believe the claim is "we can encode random data
at 100:1."  They seem to be talking about 100:1 lossless compression
of real-world data, which is generally not random.

@_date: 2002-01-11 00:00:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Killfiling??? naw thats too easy!! 
from measl on Thu, Jan 10, 2002 at 10:19:48PM -0600
References: Well, FWIW, I interviewed him by calling an Australian telephone
number when the Ohio cops were on his trail; an Australian journalist
confirms mattd/proffr lives there (
the Australian press had some coverage (though no photos) of his
problems with the local constabulary.
A Secret Service agent reportedly showed up at one of mattd/proffr's
Cypherpunks should take up a collection to post this video on cryptome.
("Sen-Constable Nicholas Conte told the court he obtained photographs
and video footage of Mr Taylor committing acts of vandalism")

@_date: 2002-01-11 18:37:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
04:24:09PM -0500
References: I just did a lexis-nexis search on:
"Jewish people control America and the Americans know it" AND date aft 9/10/2001
Eric Cordian's claim is false. There is a discussion of that alleged
quote in what appears to be the editorial pages ofthe Omaha
World-Herald on October 1, 2001 -- two days before Cordian claims
Sharon said it. Did Cordian's source get the date wrong but the quote right? Well,
here's an excerpt from that discussion:
With reference to Bruce Malina's question (Oct. 27 Pulse) as to why
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's statement to Foreign Minister
Shimon Peres wasn't reported in the U.S. media: The answer is that it
is difficult to believe that any Israeli leader could be so stupid as
to say, "We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans
know it." Mr. Malina uses a very suspect source, the Washington Report
of Oct. 3. The Washington Report is a monthly magazine influenced by
Andy Kilgore, who had been U.S. ambassador to several Arab
countries. This magazine provides the most obsessive pro-Arab and
anti-Israeli reading in the United States. An example of its bias is
an article in its April-May 1992 issue that suggests that John F.
Kennedy was assassinated by the Mossad so that Lyndon Johnson, who was
considered to be pro-Israel, could become president.
The quote also appears in an Oct. 13 bylined article in The
Tallahassee Democrat:
So how does Israel, in turn, show its reliability as a friend to the
United States? To answer that question, we turn to an Oct. 3 report
from the Palestinian Information Center in occupied
Jerusalem. According to this report, an argument broke out during a
recent Israeli Cabinet session between Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and
his foreign minister, Shimon Peres. Peres had warned Sharon that if
they didn't heed America's request for a cease-fire with the
Palestinians it would endanger Israeli interests and turn the United
States against them.  At which point, a furious Sharon reportedly told
Peres, "Every time we do something, you tell me that America will do
this or do that. I want to tell you something very clear. Don't worry
about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control
America, and the Americans know it."
No other newspapers matched that search phrase.
Whatever Sharon's true feelings, the provenance of that quote
seems especially dubious. If you believe otherwise, I have some
1,000:1 compression software to sell you.

@_date: 2002-01-11 18:39:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
emc on Fri, Jan 11, 2002 at 02:10:57PM -0800
References:  <200201112210.g0BMAvu13698
Widely reported? Two smallish newspapers is widely reported?*
* based on a lexis-nexis search of the phrase you supplied

@_date: 2002-01-11 18:55:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Israel's control of the U.S. -- and debunking rumors 
References: <20020111183755.A24696
See the followup message with the exact text of the articles that I sent do you and the list. It's over 40KB, so while you received it, majordomo bounced it (perhaps the lne.com admin will approve).
True, but it's a pretty extraordinary quote that seems to have allegedly taken place in a private meeting; extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof, no?
Your faith in the American small-town journalistic establishment is heartening, but probably misplaced.

@_date: 2002-01-11 23:32:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ariel Sharon's Alleged Faux Pas 
emc on Fri, Jan 11, 2002 at 07:26:21PM -0800
References:   <200201120326.g0C3QbS14306
Well, yes, but so are plenty of urban legends, myths, and rumors.
The only two sightings in any newspaper, magazine, newsletter, radio
station, cable channel, or broadcast outlet archived by Lexis-Nexis
(and there are thousands) were two smallish newspapers. Hardly worth a
serious attempt at debunking. They may even have gone unnoticed by the
Weisenthal Center and their allies.
Not that I'm a huge fan of what the Weisenthal Center has done
in terms of Internet regulation, but I'm also insufficiently credulous to accept all extraordinary statements as fact.

@_date: 2002-01-13 23:31:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Rogue terror state violates Geneva Convention 
References: <5.0.0.25.0.20020114011309.00a669f0 <3C41C045.135DA029
This is the heart of the matter. If the detainees are determined
to be POWs, that triggers a certain level of legal protection.
So far, it seems as though the U.S. is saying they are not but
we'll extend them some of the benefits because we're nice guys.

@_date: 2002-07-14 23:22:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: fast, nimble, efficient dept of homeland security is born 
2. House panel backs civil service protections in homeland bill
By Molly M. Peterson, National Journal News Service
During a marathon markup session that dragged into the Thursday night and Friday morning, the House Government Reform Committee voted to ensure civil service protections for federal employees slated to move into the proposed Department of Homeland Security.
Committee Chairman Dan Burton, R-Ind., offered an amendment to restore collective bargaining rights, health and retirement benefits and whistleblower protections that the new homeland security secretary would have been allowed to waive under the president's bill (H.R. 5005).
Burton's amendment also would modify the bill's procurement provisions and ensure that certain sunshine laws, such as the 1972 Federal Advisory Committee Act would apply to the new department.
Full story:

@_date: 2002-07-16 18:26:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
Ross.Anderson on Wed, Jul 10, 2002 at 05:50:04PM +0100
References: Removing the article after a few weeks is consistent with MSNBC.com's
long-standing article expiration policy. Some articles stay around for
years, while others disappear within a month. MSNBC.com reporters have
told me there's no logic to this -- and that they're personally
frustrated too.
Anyway I wouldn't read too much into the link no longer working (not
saying that Ross is, but others may).

@_date: 2002-07-17 21:46:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: RIAA escalates attack on music piracy, wants "broadcast flag" 
Photos from event:
    RIAA talks tough on Web radio copying
    By Declan McCullagh
    July 17, 2002, 4:50 PM PT
    WASHINGTON--The Recording Industry Association of America said
    Wednesday that it has begun pressing for anti-copying technology in
    future digital radio standards.
    Mitch Glazier, the association's top lobbyist, said the RIAA is
    contacting IT and consumer electronics groups to ask them to consider
    a "broadcast flag" for digital music sent through the Internet,
    satellite or cable.
    [...]
    The idea is straightforward: Future hardware and software would treat
    music differently if it were designated as broadcast-only, preventing
    users from saving it or uploading it. Currently programs like
    StreamRipper or StreamCatcher can record streaming music distributed
    through Webcasting.
    But because people might not use these new kinds of music receivers if
    given a choice, new federal laws likely would be necessary to compel
    software and hardware manufacturers to abide by the broadcast-only
    designation.
    [...]

@_date: 2002-07-17 21:46:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Free software activists disrupt Commerce Dept. DRM roundtable 
Photos are here:
More on roundtable:
    Tech activists protest anti-copying
    By Declan McCullagh
    July 17, 2002, 5:55 PM PT
    WASHINGTON--Enthusiasts of free software disrupted a Commerce
    Department meeting Wednesday, insisting on their right to debate the
    entertainment industry over anti-copying technologies.
    About a dozen vocal tech activists in the audience challenged
    speakers, including Jack Valenti, head of the Motion Picture
    Association of America (MPAA), who equated piracy with theft and
    applauded digital rights management.
    "I'm going to accord you the utmost respect," Valenti said. "I'm going
    to listen to you, but let me finish...The first thing we ought to
    exhibit is good manners."
    The activists, mostly from New Yorkers for Fair Use, interrupted
    Valenti with hoots and jeers from the back of the room until the
    former presidential aide offered them the chance to reply.
    [...]

@_date: 2002-07-19 08:18:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: How much will they claim CSS is worth? 
[TRADE SECRETS]
California Court Says Trade Secrets Theft Can Get Jail Time
      The California Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the theft of
trade secrets worth more than $50,000 can trigger a state statute
requiring a minimum county jail sentence as a condition of probation. The
ruling arose in a matter involving an electrical engineer charged with the
theft of confidential design specifications for computer chips.
      Read the article: law.com @

@_date: 2002-07-30 09:27:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: today in dc 
no, not a joke. yes, this is clearly an important thing for our congresscritters to be doing.
SENATE COMMERCE, SCIENCE AND TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEE
Consumer Protection
Consumer Affairs, Foreign Commerce, and Tourism Subcommittee hearing
on improvement in consumer choice with regard to automobile repair
Witnesses: Sen. Paul Wellstone, D-Minn.; Bill Haas, vice
     president, Technical Division, Education and
     Training, Automotive Service Assn., Bedford,
     TX; John Cabamiss, Jr., director, Environment
     and Energy, Assn. of International Auto Manufacturers,
     Arlington, VA; Dale Feste, Dale Feste Automotive,
     Hopkins, MN; Josephine Cooper, president,
     Alliance of Automotive Manufacturers; John
     Nielson, director, Automotive Services and
     Repair Network, AAA; John Vallely, president,
     McLean Marathon Service, Elgin, IL
Location: 253 Russell Senate Office Building. 2:30 p.m.
Contact: 202-224-5115

@_date: 2002-07-31 11:43:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
remailer on Mon, Jul 29, 2002 at 03:35:32PM -0700
References: <21c2b1fa881cdf27375fb175816f2ef0
I imagine there's a world of difference between "will" and "would."

@_date: 2002-05-25 07:22:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Jim-Bell-in-prison update 
Jim Bell update: Way back in the 1980s, entrepreneur Jim Bell owned a
    company that sold computer storage devices.
    Now Bell works in a California prison, demolishing computers and their
    monitors at the handsome wage of 46 cents an hour. "I've taken a day
    job destroying computer monitors," Bell said in a phone call from
    prison this week. "I've gone through about 100 so far."
    Bell is the infamous author of Assassination Politics, an essay that
    discusses ways to eliminate bothersome IRS agents. That captured the
    attention of the feds, who charged him with stalking federal agents.
    Last year, a jury found Bell guilty and he's been sentenced (PDF) to
    10 years.
    Bell says that it's easy to destroy a monitor without making it
    implode. "That almost never is impressive, particularly if you do it
    right," he says. "There's a little nib at the end of the CRT that if
    you hit it just right with the hammer it creates a small hiss. There's
    an ooomph if someone drops the monitor, but other than that it's
    pretty innocuous."
    He gets paid by Unicorp, the Justice Department-affiliated business
    that markets prison labor to federal agencies. Eventually, Bell says,
    he'll be making $1.07 an hour. "Some day."

@_date: 2002-05-31 08:37:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Public support for federal workers falls to pre-Sept. 11 level 
3. Public support for federal workers falls to pre-Sept. 11 level
By Brian Friel
Americans support federal workers and trust the government less today than they did immediately after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, a new survey shows.
The survey, issued Thursday by the Brookings Institution's Center for Public Service, found that support for federal workers had fallen to its pre-Sept. 11 level. The percentage of Americans who said they had a favorable opinion of federal workers fell from 76 percent in October 2001 to 69 percent this month, the same percentage that reported a favorable opinion in July 2001.
The percentage of Americans who said they trust the federal government to do what is right just about always or most of the time fell from 57 percent in October 2001 to 40 percent this month. In July 2001, 29 percent of survey respondents said they had high levels of trust in the government.
Full story:

@_date: 2002-11-12 23:52:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Hollings loss is our gain 
schear on Mon, Nov 11, 2002 at 11:00:55AM -0800
References: <20021107214212.GW18214
  <5.1.0.14.2.20021107122327.04624e90
  <20021105214937.A26440
  <5.1.0.14.2.20021107122327.04624e90
  <5.1.0.14.2.20021107140951.041eefc0
  <5.1.0.14.2.20021111105538.044a4eb0
Unless something really strange happens, McCain takes over the
commerce committee. He's not as bad as Hollings on DRM, which is
damming with faint praise, but hardly laissez-faire in general. He was
one of the backers of the change-stock-options-accounting bill, quick
to campaign against social issues, and not even as good as some of his
fellow GOPers on fiscal issues.

@_date: 2002-11-20 00:40:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: News: House votes life sentences for hackers (fwd) 
Fri, Nov 15, 2002 at 10:48:37PM -0500
References:   <20021115121135.A17061
  <20021116034837.GB1508
Thanks for the details about the hobby listening. I looked through
the bill quickly again, and couldn't find the prohibitions you describe.
The bill as passed by the House is here, with the Senate version near-
Got a page number?

@_date: 2002-11-21 22:27:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Onion Self-Censorship 
tcmay on Wed, Nov 20, 2002 at 11:46:20PM -0800
References:   <53273934-FD25-11D6-9027-0050E439C473
It was, and as of an hour or two ago it was still on the Onion's
mobile.theonion.com wireless site.

@_date: 2002-09-03 11:40:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Note to FBI, NSA, CIA: How to get your bill through Congress 
Upcoming Conferences:
Location: Washington, D.C.
Event Name: Drafting Effective Legislation and Amendments
Event Sponsor: TheCapitol.Net
Event Description: Drafting Effective Federal Legislation and Amendments -- A "how to" program for federal agency staff. This one-day conference is designed to help you write and revise your agency's bills and amendments effectively and concisely. In addition to discussing the role of the OMB and examining the different formats and deciding how to choose the best one to highlight your agency's issue, we will discuss how to: - Define your audience and broaden the appeal of your measure. - Assess existing law and policy objectives before putting pen to paper. - Structure bills and amendments and streamline the drafting process. - Ensure that your legislative draft is interpreted exactly as intended. - Comply with style, grammar, punctuation guides and the U.S. Code rules of construction. - Use different drafting styles to work in your favor. -- TheCapitol.Net is a non-partisan, women-owned firm that is the exclusive provider of Congressional Quarterly Executive Conferences.
Contact Information:
Name: Sophia Lo
Phone number: 202-678-1600
E-Mail: govexec at TheCapitol.Net
Web site:  0

@_date: 2002-09-17 01:40:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: White House draft plan wants new Internet role for Feds 
I'm going to try to put part of the report online before I leave in
about five hours for the Internet Law and Policy Forum conference in
Seattle. (I'm speaking on Wednesday and will be in Seattle through
Saturday.) See: I don't have a great way to scan in and OCR large documents, so I
may post efax files and ask for a volunteer to OCR 'em.
   White House preps cybersecurity plan
   By Declan McCullagh    September 16, 2002, 6:58 PM PT
   WASHINGTON--The White House's cyberspace security plan, scheduled to
   be released Wednesday, envisions a broad new role for the federal
   government in maintaining Internet security.    While couching many concepts as mere suggestions, a draft of the plan
   seen by CNET News.com says the government should improve the security
   of key Internet protocols and spend tens of millions of dollars on
   centers to recognize and respond to "cyber attacks."
   [...]
   It says the executive branch should consult with privacy groups and
   attempt to preserve civil liberties, but concludes that in some cases,
   privacy could be limited. "Allowing completely anonymous
   communications on a wide-scale basis, with no possibility of
   determining the source, could shelter criminal, or even terrorist
   communications," the draft says.
   [...]

@_date: 2003-04-10 14:28:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
on Thu, Apr 10, 2003 at 09:18:36AM -0700
References: <20030410033540.GB25749
  <200304100414.26508.sfurlong
  <3E9536EC.24091.81C187
Fish and I would disagree politically if we ever met in person, I'd
wager, and I have no brief to defend his political views. But from the
perspective of a fellow journalist, well, we sometimes make honest
mistakes at the best of times, and probably even more so in
wartime. You're accusing him of intentionally telling a lie, and to
agree I'd have to at the very least look at the wording of his report.
Disagreeing with a reporter's political views does not mean that all
their claims of fact are wrong and maliciously so.

@_date: 2003-04-10 14:32:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Patriot Act to become permanant? 
elyn on Thu, Apr 10, 2003 at 01:56:28PM -0400
References: <005101c2ff8a$83c216a0$0202a8c0
Yep. A longer version:

@_date: 2003-04-10 18:20:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
on Thu, Apr 10, 2003 at 02:24:55PM -0700
References: <"from <20030410142812.A1645
  <3E957EB7.15465.19A3602
I find Fisk's writing tedious and his comments about Americans lying
juvenile. Yet even the two articles juxtaposed does not prove Fisk was
lying; the New York Times article was posted on 4/4 -- Fisk's article
could have been (and probably was) written days earlier.

@_date: 2003-04-10 22:58:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ask two cops for help fixing a flat tire, get raped? 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASECRM
THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 2003(202) 514-2008
WWW.USDOJ.GOV TDD (202) 514-1888
TWO FORMER EL PASO, TEXAS POLICE OFFICERS PLEAD GUILTY TO POLICE MISCONDUCT
WASHINGTON, D.C.- Two former deputies of the El Paso County Sheriff's
office pleaded guilty to police misconduct, the Justice Department
announced today. The plea agreement was filed in federal District
Court in San Antonio, Texas today along with a criminal information.
The defendants, Michael Duran and Peter Calzada, pleaded guilty to one
count of willfully depriving an individual of their civil rights. The
plea agreement states that in January of 1998, the defendants sexually
assaulted a female victim. The victim was stranded on a county road
with a flat tire at the time of the assault.
The plea agreement states the defendants placed her in their patrol
car and threatened her with arrest for driving under the influence of
alcohol if she did not comply with their demands. The plea agreement
further states that the defendants drove the victim to a secluded
area, threatened her by telling her the state would sever custody of
her children and then sexually assaulted her.
"This type of egregious abuse of power undermines the mission of law
enforcement officers to uphold the law and protect our citizens," said
Ralph F. Boyd, Jr., Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights
Division. "Such behavior is illegal and intolerable. We will prosecute
offenders to the fullest extent of the law."
If convicted, the defendants could face a maximum of 10 years in prison.
This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI) and was prosecuted by attorneys from the U.S. Attorney's for the
Southern District of Texas and the Criminal Section of the Civil
Rights Division.

@_date: 2003-04-11 00:12:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
on Thu, Apr 10, 2003 at 08:31:14PM -0700
References: <"from <20030410182034.A6071
  <3E95D492.297.2E99556
You are incorrect. As I said, I read the article. It was reposted from
another site and it is anything but clear when it was filed. The New York
Times has a timestamp and datestamp; the reposted one did not. Perhaps I'm missing something obvious here, but I'm not interested in
defending this fellow further. My only points, which I trust has been
made emphatically enough at this point, are: Don't attribute to malice
what can be explained by honest mistakes; and journalists rarely have
the full story at the best of times.

@_date: 2003-04-11 10:23:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
k.brown on Fri, Apr 11, 2003 at 01:12:22PM +0100
References: <"from <3E95E6CE.2543.33132D9
  <3E96B126.4F38F326
Yes. This is fine reporting. Not sure I agree with his conclusions, but
it's sobering stuff.

@_date: 2003-04-11 14:11:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
jya on Fri, Apr 11, 2003 at 11:03:38AM -0700
References: <3E96B126.4F38F326 <"from
  <3E95E6CE.2543.33132D9 <3E96B126.4F38F326
  <20030411102358.E15303
I had no idea. Now I feel silly for taking photos of the surface without
knowing (or asking) what lies underneath.

@_date: 2003-04-16 19:04:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reason's Cathy Young complains of post-9-11 "panic-mongers" 
Should we be on guard against sacrificing civil liberties to national security? Yes. But despite the panic-mongering, this is still America, and we still have checks and balances. Journalist Steven Brill, whose book After examines post- Sept. 11 America, notes in a Salon interview that judges and legislators, including Republicans, have curbed some of the excesses of John Ashcroft's Justice Department.
Measures such as limiting terror suspects' communications with their lawyers in order to prevent potential terrorist acts are controversial, and rightly so. But they are a far cry from Stalinism.
Yes, this is a different America than it was on Sept. 10, 2001. But it wasn't Ashcroft, President Bush, or the Republican Congress who conspired to rob us of our freedom; it was the terrorists.

@_date: 2003-04-17 08:08:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Kill MS, again, but sideways 
shaddack on Wed, Apr 16, 2003 at 07:21:20PM +0200
References: <3E9D7835.AD28533D
It's a rare lawyer that will criticize his own cartel...

@_date: 2003-04-24 00:01:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: Speaking to MIT Tech/Eros group today (Thursday, 4/24) 
Join the Tech/Eros group for an informal discussion with renowned technology policy journalist Declan McCullagh. McCullagh is the chief political correspondent for CNET's News.com and moderator of the Politech List ( Among other topics, McCullagh will be talking about how current government cyber-policies affect sexual expression on the Internet.  McCullagh is a frequent guest on national news shows and was formerly the Washington correspondent for Wired News. He is also a Come meet McCullagh Thursday, April 24, 5PM in the conference room at E32-300 on the MIT campus.
The Tech/Eros Group is made possible by a generous grant from the Initiative on Technology and Self at MIT. Tech/Eros ( is a research group of scholars, scientists and writers devoted to analyzing the connection between technology and sexuality. If you would like more information about Tech/Eros, write to Annalee Newitz at godzilla at mit.edu.

@_date: 2003-04-24 11:05:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Give money to Iraq charities, go to jail 
NEWS RELEASE
Glenn T. Suddaby, United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York, announced today that OSAMEH ALWAHAIDY has entered a plea of guilty in U.S. District Court, Syracuse to a prosecutor's Information charging him with violating the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) by sending money to Iraq in violation of the sanctions imposed on that country.
In entering his guilty plea, ALWAHAIDY, age 41, Fayetteville, New York, admitted that he assisted others at "HELP THE NEEDY" in sending money to Iraq, notwithstanding his knowledge that sanctions had been imposed on that country since 1990 prohibiting such transactions.  Specifically, ALWAHAIDY admitted allowing RAFIL DAHFIR to use checks from an account on which ALWAHAIDY was a signatory to transfer money from HELP THE NEEDY'S account to the private accounts of another indicted defendant, MAHER ZAGHA.   ALWAHAIDY further admitted that on October 25, 1999, November 9, 1999, and February 23, 2000, he helped transfer $20,000, $50,000, and $30,000 respectively to MAHER ZAGHA's business account in Jordan knowing those funds would be forwarded to individuals in Iraq.
ALWAHAIDY stated in the plea agreement that he believed that the money was intended to help needy people, especially needy people in Iraq. The government noted in Court, however, that the purpose of the prohibitions on transfers of money into Iraq is to prevent money sent for any purpose from being misused once in Iraq and that it's investigation into the use of that money once it was sent to Jordan is still under investigation.
ALWAHAIDY had previously been charged with conspiracy to violate IEEPA in an Indictment that was made public on February 26, 2003.  Conspiracy to violate IEEPA is a charge that carries a maximum possible penalty of five years incarceration.  As a result of today's guilty plea, ALWAHAIDY faces a maximum possible penalty of ten years incarceration when he is sentenced.  In addition, he faces a maximum possible fine of $250,000.  A special assessment of $100 is also mandatory in a case of this type.
The plea agreement filed today provides that the conspiracy charge pending against ALWAHAIDY will be dismissed at the time of his sentencing and he will not be furthered charged in connection with this case.  Finally, the plea agreement contemplates that he will cooperate with the government in its ongoing investigation.
The Honorable Norman A. Mordue, U.S. District Court Judge, presided over today's proceeding.
The entry of this plea is a result of the continuing investigation undertaken by agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the Internal Revenue Service; the Social Security Administration, Office of Inspector General; the Defense Criminal Investigation Service; the New York State Police; the United States Customs Service; the Immigration and Naturalization Service; the U.S. Postal Service; the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General; and the United States Marshals Service.
Although additional information concerning this case will be limited at this time, further inquiries can be directed to  First Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph A. Pavone at (315) 448-0672.

@_date: 2003-04-26 23:37:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
from emc on Sat, Apr 26, 2003 at 12:04:10PM
  -0700
References: <200304261904.h3QJ4AQv025621
Yes, that may be the case. It certainly is here. But let's not forget
the fact that this incident has drawn sharp criticism from other

@_date: 2003-04-28 09:28:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Thanks for the living hell, and question about OpenSSL 
from emc on Sat, Apr 26, 2003 at 11:41:02AM
  -0700
References: <927D46A5-7773-11D7-B966-000A956B4C74
  <200304261841.h3QIf2r0025389
Right. But there's still a difference between:
* I trust that my computer has not been black-bagged (because I've
checked, or have steps to prevent that, or it would require more effort
from my adversary than I'm worth)
* I trust that the current state of the art in terms of factoring in
the public literature is within several orders of magnitude of what's
in the classified literature.
* I trust Paypal or Microsoft Hotmail to guard my privacy at all costs
when faced with an urgent, secret request from John Aschroft.

@_date: 2003-04-28 09:31:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Anonglish (was: Re: Authenticating Meat) 
shaddack on Sun, Apr 27, 2003 at 03:54:19AM +0200
References: <3EAAC6C0.67F224C3
I thought it was called "wire service reporting style." :)

@_date: 2003-04-29 08:52:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Secret hearing today on "critical infrastructure" 
HOUSE SELECT HOMELAND SECURITY COMMITTEE
Critical Infrastructure
Infrastructure and Border Security Subcommittee hearing on critical
infrastructure issues.
Witnesses: Robert Liscousky, assistant secretary for
     infrastructure protection, Homeland Security
     Department
Location: 2456 Rayburn House Office Building. 3 p.m.
Contact: 202-225-5611

@_date: 2003-04-29 20:41:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
camera_lumina on Tue, Apr 29, 2003 at 03:10:31PM -0400
References: Last I checked, treason has specific evidentiary requirements as defined
(unusually) in the Constitution. My read of the state policeman's affidavit
in the Hawash case suggests that the evidence the Feds say they have on
Hawash would be insufficient to permit a conviction on a treason charge.

@_date: 2003-04-29 20:44:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
timcmay on Tue, Apr 29, 2003 at 04:12:40PM -0700
References: <3EAEEA04.11EC6ED9
  <1357218F-7A98-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
You're forgetting the many anonymous tipsters, including his neighbors
(at least one in the pay of the Feds, I recall) who reported on
Hawash. One alleged he was wearing "eastern" garb and had let his beard
grow after 9-11. Other evidence included one of the "Portland Six" having
Hawash's telephone number written on a business card or something similar.

@_date: 2003-04-29 20:48:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
kvanhorn on Tue, Apr 29, 2003 at 05:44:03PM -0500
References:   <3EAF0033.2080800
If you give "aid" to the "enemies" of the U.S., that would qualify as
treason even absent a declaration of war, in my opinion. Note I'm
obviously not saying what Hawash (allegedly) did would qualify as
such, and let's remember the DOJ did not file that charge.
"Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War
against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and
Comfort. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the
Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession in
open Court."

@_date: 2003-04-30 12:36:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
References:   <3EAF0033.2080800 <20030429204855.D25473
My reading is the opposite. That's why there's an "or" instead of an "and" there. --Declan

@_date: 2003-04-30 20:21:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
References:   <3EAF0033.2080800 <20030429204855.D25473
  <5.2.0.9.0.20030430123607.0113ca08
Style tip: the phrase "unconstitutionally vague" is typically used to refer to laws that violate various sections of the Constitution, not sections of the actual Constitution. It would be hard for the Constitution to violate itself. :)

@_date: 2003-08-05 13:13:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Trouble at HavenCo? 
11:03:25AM -0400
References: Actually the best link for my stories is the News.com site:
They include relevant links; they include better formatting; they include
photographs; they are updated faster. News.com syndicates may not include
those features.

@_date: 2003-08-09 18:11:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: R.I.P. (was: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for 
s.schear on Fri, Jul 25, 2003 at 08:40:33AM -0700
References: <20030725001110.GC9659
  <523133AB-BE43-11D7-8D66-0003930F2360
  <5.2.1.1.0.20030725081344.048dac40
That's a useful roundup, thanks.
I think the cypherpunk goal of anonymity is still alive and well --
it's just that the folks involved in efforts like Freenet don't
necessary consider themselves cypherpunks or subscribe to this list.
Defcon featured a good number of anon projects; most dealing with
publishing/web browsing/email than anon digital cash, unfortunately (though the interest is there).

@_date: 2003-12-02 12:20:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Chaum's hand? 
30, 2003 at 10:26:32AM -0800
References: <3FCA3657.41E06789
David's hands are normal. Perhaps he was holding something in that

@_date: 2003-12-02 12:23:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: People getting high == "threat to homeland security" 
Query: What, nowadays, is *not* a "threat to homeland security?"
1. Airport drug bust heightens debate over non-federal forces
By Chris Strohm
A recent drug bust at Kennedy International Airport shows that the use
of workers from private companies in sensitive security jobs poses a
substantial risk, federal airport screeners argued Monday.
Government agents arrested 20 baggage and cargo handlers at Kennedy last
Tuesday and charged them with slipping tens of millions of dollars worth
of cocaine and marijuana past security checkpoints during the last
decade. Authorities said the workers were employed by American Airlines,
Delta Airlines, United Airlines and five smaller companies: Globe Ground
North American, Evergreen Eagle, Hudson General, Swissport USA and
Flying Foods.
The operation represented "a potential threat to homeland security,"
said Michael Garcia, acting head of the Bureau of Immigration and
Customs Enforcement.
Full story:  <  >

@_date: 2003-12-08 15:09:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Type III Anonymous message 
morlockelloi on Mon, Dec 08, 2003 at 09:34:24AM -0800
References: <3FD3F519.2080704
  <20031208173424.83436.qmail
I think I've been guilty of this too, but (as someone else in this thread
pointed out), it's not a terribly useful suggestion. The archives are
not well-organized, and a URL would be helpful.
Does anyone have a reasonably complete cypherpunks archive available
for FTP?  Perhaps I could host them on my server and let Google index
them. That might be useful.

@_date: 2003-12-08 15:15:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow" 
timcmay on Sat, Dec 06, 2003 at 01:59:26PM -0800
References: <6.0.0.22.2.20031205092507.02d7d7f0
  <3EFD45E8-277E-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <8A858E4E-2785-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <20031206015356.GC4450
  <7564DC7B-2837-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
I was reading some of David Friedman's articles over the weekend and
noticed that he also used the same trichotomy, predating Lessig.
When did Don Fredderickson write this?

@_date: 2003-12-08 19:53:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
on Mon, Dec 08, 2003 at 04:27:38PM -0800
References: <3FD37C38.4228.58DC70C
  <65130C7E-2932-11D8-9AB2-000A956B4C74
  <3FD4A67A.1339.A1AD969
The latest issue of Liberty Magazine (which I have started reading again) has an excellent article by Bradford about the death of the
Libertarian Party. Uses the California election as a tool for analysis,
or dissection.

@_date: 2003-12-08 20:04:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
timcmay on Mon, Dec 08, 2003 at 01:45:43PM -0800
References: <167.2951791c.2d063797
I disagree. I went to a Reason gathering in Washington last Thursday
and found the staffers there definitely not statist.
But they were Cato-type libertarians. This is not meant to be critical
of the Cato Institute. What I mean is that the folks at the Reason
event worked at Cato and other groups like IHS, CEI, AEI, and so on --
groups that have adopted a mode of advocacy that is more academic and
scholarly than activist.
Instead of saying:
Fuck big government.
They'll say:
As decades of scholarly work in the public choice arena has shown,
government entitlement programs at the federal level result in
continued inefficiencies and rent-seeking.
It's a matter of how you say it. I don't know if that crowd is as
interested in the edgy kind of state-wrecking disruptive technologies
(that will have a greater long-term impact).

@_date: 2003-12-09 09:45:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
on Mon, Dec 08, 2003 at 04:27:38PM -0800
References: <20031208020624.D05FF2323C9
  <3FD4A67A.10295.A1ADB68
I'm not sure I'd agree that big corporations are oppressive. How?
I once worked at Xerox and had a splendid time. Didn't feel "oppressed"
at all.
As for bureaucratic and inefficient, perhaps, but I've seen 50-people
organizations devolve quite well. I suppose it all depends on your
frame of reference. If you mean, "I can find perceived
inefficiencies," I'm sure you can. But if they become too inefficient,
well, over time competitors will rise to take advantage of those
inefficiencies. Xerox can be an example here as well. This is just
common sense.

@_date: 2003-12-09 16:20:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: (No Subject) 
nobody on Tue, Dec 09, 2003 at 12:47:27AM +0100
References: We have anonymity in Web browsing (more or less, thanks to Lance &
co). It's not NSA-proof, but it's probably subpoena-proof.
We have anonymity in email thanks to remailers (to the extent they're
still around).
We have anonymity in publishing, and to some extent, document
retrieval, thanks to Freenet.
We have anonymity in one-way communications/dead drops thanks to
remailers gatewayed to Usenet newsgroups (if any still even do that).
We do not have anonymity in financial transactions. In fact, we have
less anonymity than we did a decade ago, thanks to amendments to the
Bank Secrecy Act and the USA Patriot Act. And the OECD's efforts in
this area too. Instead of a Chaum or Brands payment system, we ended
up with ebay/Paypal -- which has made clear its policy of intimate
cooperation with police.
Strong anonymity in online financial transactions is something like a
linchpin in deploying better strong anonymity solutions in other areas
because people like to get paid for developing and maintaining such
systems, especially if they are in any way controversial. The problem
IMHO is obtaining an interface with the banking/financial system,
probably the most-regulated industry in the U.S.

@_date: 2003-12-10 08:41:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: whitehouse.gov/robots.txt 
on Wed, Dec 10, 2003 at 02:59:07PM +0200
References: <20031210115624.GN4452
  <20031210125907.GA19742
This robots.txt issue was exaggerated by leftist crtitics of the
administration. (This is not a general defense of the White House,
just a statement of fact.) The Bush WH.gov server has a special Iraq
section where press releases, speeches, etc. are reposted in a
different HTML template. The WH only wants the "master" copy indexed
and not the duplicate copy in the second template. Hence the apparent
weirdness in robots.txt.
I have not found any skullduggery going on, though I suppose it
wouldn't hurt to keep a copy of the Iraq section for "diff" purposes
just in case.

@_date: 2003-12-11 09:45:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Speaking of Reason 
on Wed, Dec 10, 2003 at 10:37:27AM -0800
References: <171.27763a24.2d079198
  <3FD6F767.18539.3154D2
I don't know what "entryist" means. It might be helpful to define
your terms.
If that is true, why can't it simply be called "capitalist?"
I suspect because actual capitalists would have some problems with it.

@_date: 2003-12-29 10:31:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
camera_lumina on Sun, Dec 28, 2003 at 07:16:47PM -0500
References: For all the violations of the Constitution that the Bush administration
has countenanced, it has not been nearly as repressive of political opinions
after Sept. 11 as previous regimes did in previous "wars."
There are many reasons to worry about Bush being reelected, but
political speech doesn't seem to have been tremendously impacted.

@_date: 2003-12-29 10:32:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: lne.com CDR to close 
on Tue, Dec 23, 2003 at 05:42:26PM -0800
References: <20031223174226.A23853
Thanks, Eric, for keeping the lne.com node up and running for the last
few years. It's (mostly) a thankless task and you did a great job.

@_date: 2003-02-01 12:12:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Passenger rail is for adventurers and bums 
tcmay on Fri, Jan 31, 2003 at 10:44:50AM -0800
References: <20030131155845.GA17191
  <147D4F08-354C-11D7-9DBF-0050E439C473
Right. One Democratic "anti-terror" proposal would link police to Amtrak
databases: Even before Sept 11, Amtrak was sharing passenger info with the DEA
for drug prosecutions:
Come on, folks -- Amtrak is a federal government entity. It will be in the
vanguard of the next big push to advance the national security state.

@_date: 2003-02-01 18:14:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Encrypted hard drive enclosure for $139 
Interesting, but I'm confused about the "Real-time 64-bit/ 40-bit DES (Data Encryption Standard) Encryption/ Decryption with throughput of 712Mbit/ sec"
Does anyone know about a stronger version of a similar device?

@_date: 2003-02-02 00:48:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: punk and free markets 
References: "Jocks enforcing ideology" seems to me to be a concept coterminous
with "flaming the clueless."

@_date: 2003-02-02 15:15:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: punk and free markets 
Well, my response was meant to be somewhat tongue-in-cheek, of course, and I'm sure I deserved whatever polite reprimand lurked within John Young's, um, reply.
But no subscriber, at least to a first approximation, has the power to shut others up here ("come on out and enforce whatever ideology it is desired we bow down to").
If you think that Tim is being critical, well, that's the way that Tim is sometimes. Go ahead and killfile him. I routed two subscribers to my trash folder years ago on the account I use to subscribe to cypherpunks and do not regret it. Not only is complaining not going to work, it's not a very cypherpunkly thing to do (to the extent that there is any commonly-held understanding of cypherpunkly duties, you know). :)

@_date: 2003-02-03 10:13:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gullible Journalists 
References: You're not very far off the mark. Be too critical and lose your sources.
Happens at the White House and every federal agency, and is one of the
tragedies of modern political journalism. I've written about this before
in the context of the Justice Department antitrust suit.
"Washington Babylon" is a good book that hits on this topic, I recall.

@_date: 2003-02-04 21:14:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gullible Journalists 
References: <3E3F8F1E.7941.17A907
Right. See what I sent to Politech today:
Does Richard Clarke know what he's talking about?
More on Richard Clarke and root servers misstatement
Richard Clarke misstates Canadian elections cancelled?
Anyone think that Clarke is going to return my phone calls anytine soon?
It's human nature not to like criticism, and to shun (or, if sufficiently
annoying, to attack) your critics.
As another example, I got a call today from one of the popular Sunday
morning talk shows. They wanted my advice on whom to invite on. I
recommended someone, and they reminded me, "Um, didn't you watch the
program recently? Our host has been critical of that [person]. There's
no way we'll get someone from [that organization] on the program."

@_date: 2003-02-04 21:18:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: mail weirdness 
bill.stewart on Tue, Feb 04, 2003 at 08:53:58AM -0800
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030203102127.02e1c690
  <20030203161904.GA29570
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030203102127.02e1c690
  <20030203194119.GA29733
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030204084957.02cc2008
Yep. I use Eudora and mutt and haven't changed my mail setup in quite
a while. (For Politech, I use majordomo and have had FC: prepended
since 1996 or so.) Suspect, self-defensively, that I'm not the source
of any weirdness. :)

@_date: 2003-02-09 13:39:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ worried about domestic-int'l terror links 
The limitation to international terrorism in existing law is an impediment to the effective use of national security letters because it may not be apparent in the early stages of a terrorism investigation-or even after it has continued for some time-whether domestic or international terrorism is involved. The Oklahoma City bombing and the anthrax letter incidents illustrate this point. Moreover, in the current circumstances, domestic terrorists who attempt to ally with or are inspired to emulate international terrorists are an increasing concern. The dangers posed to the national security by such persons may be comparable to those posed by international terrorists, and national security letters should likewise be an available tool in the investigation of their criminal activities.

@_date: 2003-02-09 14:13:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DOJ quietly drafts USA Patriot II w/crypto-in-a-crime 
gbnewby on Sat, Feb 08, 2003 at 10:36:35PM -0500
References: <20030207221053.B14262
  <20030209033634.GA23201
I always thought that breathing during the commission of a crime should
result in an extra five to ten years in prison.
At least.

@_date: 2003-02-24 19:00:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The next time you see someone on TV in a "newsroom" 
tcmay on Mon, Feb 24, 2003 at 02:43:37PM -0800
References: <5.1.1.6.0.20030224151909.01604088
  <69DC5056-4849-11D7-8BAF-0050E439C473
Heh. I went on CNN Headline News last week around 7:20 am ET. They put
me in a studio I hadn't been in before, with a remote-controlled
camera and a photo of the monuments in the background. After my brief
segment was over, a camera operator came in and rolled down the
background a few inches -- apparently it hadn't been adjusted correctly
and all you could see was the sky. They have another background (a
continuous loop, on rollers) for daytime, night, etc. Will try to
remember to take a photo the next time I'm there.
PS: The newsroom itself:

@_date: 2003-01-03 12:41:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Using Brin to thwart ISP subpoenas 
06:16:48PM -0500
References: Hmm. Why couldn't any corporate officer of an ISP be served at home,
on the golf course, in a car on the way to work, at a grocery store,
etc.? And why couldn't the court order say "be silent?" If cypherpunks
and the general pubilc know about such security practices, the TLAs
would as well.

@_date: 2003-01-15 22:17:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: RIAA turns against Hollings bill 
References: I have a news analysis up at News.com that, perhaps, may shed some
light on what's actually going on:

@_date: 2003-01-21 13:35:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Forget VOA -- new exec order creating Global Communications 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                          Office of the Press Secretary
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                      January 21, 2003
             New White House Office Coordinates Global Communications
The President understands the importance of conveying America
's message to the
world. Better coordination of our international communications will help convey
the truth about America and the goals we share with people everywhere. He knows
we need to communicate our policies and values to the world ? with greater
clarity and through dialogue with emerging voices around the globe. Created by
Executive Order of the President, this new office within the White House
coordinates strategic communications with global audiences, integrating the
President's themes into new and ongoing programs.
The New Office of Global Communications
The Office of Global Communications (OGC) advises on the strategic direction and
themes that United States government agencies use to reach foreign audiences.
The Office assists in the development of communications programs that
disseminate truthful, accurate, and effective messages about the American and their government. With State Department Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs
remaining at the frontlines of international communications, Global
Communications coordinates the work of many agencies and Americans to convey a
few simple but powerful messages. These will be aimed to prevent
misunderstanding and conflict, build support for and among United States
coalition partners, and better inform international audiences.
Lessons learned from the temporary Coalition Information Centers (CIC) have applied to the new Office. Created to react to our adversaries' misinformation,
CIC quickly proved that White House-led efforts could facilitate strategic,
proactive communications in the war on terror. Last year's focus on the
liberation of women in Afghanistan is a prime example. Working closely with the
communications office of the Assistant to the President for National Security
Affairs, Global Communications recently coordinated communications about the
Administration's Ramadan activity and the President's views on Islam.
Recognizing the value of remotely deployed coalition information centers, the
President has authorized the new Office to coordinate with the appropriate
agencies the creation of teams of communicators to work in areas of intense
global media interest. No such team is currently operating, but OGC is to move swiftly in cooperation with other US government agencies and coalition
America's Message to the World
This  new office assists the President in communicating his message to the

@_date: 2003-01-26 12:33:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: DoD badly protected web form lets "users" administer .mil 
bill.stewart on Fri, Jan 24, 2003 at 07:05:45PM -0800
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030124185835.02c58ba0
The company may be incorporated overseas, but Thomas lives not that
far up the street from me. I'm not sure what having an overseas HQ
gains him if some of the Feds choose to pursue legal action (a very
small chance, though, I'd wager).

@_date: 2003-01-29 23:59:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: the news from bush's speech...H-power 
tcmay on Wed, Jan 29, 2003 at 04:08:08PM -0800
References:  I'm with Tim on this (though I've always found Eugene to be one of
the most interesting and valuable contributors to discussions here). The only thing I'd add is that many folks in the technology community
or computer industry who are otherwise libertarian have a bit of a blind
spot when it comes to government funding of "basic research": they like it.
More than that, in fact, they'll argue that it's necessary. I suspect
much of this comes from the reward structure of grad programs in CS (and
I presume other disciplines), where you win if you get DARPA etc. grants.
The government is seen as a benign force at worst, a boon at best.
By now, everyone's used to it and find its difficult to imagine life
without the tax largesse.
Also, professional associations like ACM and IEEE argue for more
tax handouts...

@_date: 2003-07-02 09:35:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist? 
bill.stewart on Sat, Jun 21, 2003 at 11:24:30AM -0700
References: <3EF494B4.9AE84FC4
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030621111348.03329eb0
I was in Salt Lake City just after the Olympics (and during the
Paralympics) last year and, like you, didn't have any problem getting
a beer with dinner. But late at night? Everything seemed to close
around 10-11 pm.

@_date: 2003-07-02 09:36:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist? 
camera_lumina on Sat, Jun 21, 2003 at 03:40:35PM -0400
References: To go back to the Subject: line of this thread, I recall that Hatch is
a former Mormon bishop.

@_date: 2003-07-02 09:55:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: test please ignore 
bill.stewart on Wed, Jul 02, 2003 at 02:04:28AM -0700
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030702020307.02e3d550
Pretty quiet. I'm going through back messages now and only saw I think
three from July 1.

@_date: 2003-07-02 16:09:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reporter writing article on proffr/mattd and threats 
I received a phone call today from a newspaper reporter who's writing an article on mattd/proffr and wanted background on the cypherpunks group or movement, as he put it. The reporter -- who covers crime, law enforcement, and the courts -- wanted to know whether mattd/proffr was representative of the group or an outlier, and stressed that two other cypherpunks have been imprisoned for their actions in this area.
Apparently mattd/proffr has been saying on cypherpunks that some federal prosecutors need killing. Then that post was indexed by Google, and now it is a prominent hit for the name of said prosecutor. (I say apparently because, thanks to the good graces of procmail, I haven't read any mattd/proffr posts in ages. This is what I gathered solely from the phone Anyway, the Feds apparently are neither confirming nor denying that an investigation is in progress, except to say that they are "aware" of mattd/proffr's post.
This is what I learned from the phone call. I have no firsthand knowledge.

@_date: 2003-07-02 17:55:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reporter writing article on proffr/mattd and threats 
declan on Wed, Jul 02, 2003 at 04:09:02PM -0400
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20030702160220.039d55b8
While we're on this topic, some Supreme Court cases...
This is an indictment under the Espionage Act of June 15, 1917, c. 30,
tit. 1, 3, 40 Stat. 219, as amended by the Act of May 16, 1918, c. 75,
1, 40 Stat. 553 (Comp. St. 1918, 10212c). It has been cut down to two
counts, originally the third and fourth. The former of these alleges
that on or about June 16, 1918, at Canton, Ohio, the defendant caused
and incited and attempted to cause and incite insubordination,
disloyalty, mutiny and refusal of duty in the military and naval
forces of the United States and with intent so to do delivered, to an
assembly of people, a public speech, set forth. The fourth count
alleges that he obstructed and attempted to obstruct the recruiting
and enlistment service of the United States and to that end and with
that intent delivered the same speech, again set forth. [conviction upheld]
Petitioner's remark during political debate at small public gathering
that if inducted into Army (which he vowed would never occur) and made
to carry a rifle "the first man I want to get in my sights is
L. B. J.," held to be crude political hyperbole which in light of its
context and conditional nature did not constitute a knowing and
willful threat against the President within the coverage of 18 U.S.C. 871 (a).
Appellant, a Ku Klux Klan leader, was convicted under the Ohio
Criminal Syndicalism statute for "advocat[ing] . . . the duty,
necessity, or propriety of crime, sabotage, violence, or unlawful
methods of terrorism as a means of accomplishing industrial or
political reform" and for "voluntarily assembl[ing] with any society,
group or assemblage of persons formed to teach or advocate the
doctrines of criminal syndicalism." Neither the indictment nor the
trial judge's instructions refined the statute's definition of the
crime in terms of mere advocacy not distinguished from incitement to
imminent lawless action. Held: Since the statute, by its words and as
applied, purports to punish mere advocacy and to forbid, on pain of
criminal punishment, assembly with others merely to advocate the
described type of action, it falls within the condemnation of the
First and Fourteenth Amendments. Freedoms of speech and press do not
permit a State to forbid advocacy of the use of force or of law
violation except where such advocacy is directed to inciting or
producing imminent lawless action and is likely to incite or produce
such action. Whitney v. California, 274 U.S. 357 , overruled.
Appellant was convicted of violating that part of Cal. Penal Code 415
which prohibits "maliciously and willfully disturb[ing] the peace or
quiet of any neighborhood or person . . . by . . . offensive conduct,"
 for wearing a jacket bearing the words "Fuck the Draft" in a corridor
of the Los Angeles Courthouse. The Court of Appeal held that
"offensive conduct" means "behavior which has a tendency to provoke
others to acts of violence or to in turn disturb the peace," and
affirmed the conviction. Held: Absent a more particularized and
compelling reason for its actions, the State may not, consistently
with the First and Fourteenth Amendments, make the simple public
display of this single four-letter expletive a criminal
offense. Pp. 22-26.

@_date: 2003-07-02 18:40:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SF meet: future of feta, port, sherry, gorgonzola at stake 
COMMERCE UNDER SECRETARY ROGAN TO OPEN USPTO/WIPO CONFERENCE EXPLORING
              USE OF GEOGRAPHIC NAMES TO DESCRIBE FOOD AND WINE
        Use of Terms Bologna, Parmesan, Chablis, and Burgundy Could Be
         Prohibited, Adversely Affecting U.S. Food and Wine Industry
   Wednesday, July 9, 2003
9:30 a.m.
   The Palace Hotel
   2 New Montgomery Street
   San Francisco, CA.
Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property James E. Rogan will
make opening remarks at a three-day symposium (July 9-11) on the use of
geographical indications (GIs) to describe food and wine.  The symposium,
which is being co-hosted by the Department of Commercebs U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (USPTO) and the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), will feature an international array of experts in the field from
WIPO member states and the food and wine industries.  The symposium is
being held in anticipation of a World Trade Organization (WTO) meeting on
GIs scheduled for Cancun, Mexico in September.  It is expected that at the
Cancun meeting, the European Union will call for terminating the use of
certain generic terms to describe food and wine unless those products come
from a specific geographic region.  If the EU is successful, use of terms
such as feta and gorgonzola for cheese, and port and sherry for wine - now
considered generic in many WTO member nations - could be prohibited in the
United States, resulting in consumer confusion and potentially injuring
U.S. domestic and international commerce in food and wine.
     The symposium agenda is available at

@_date: 2003-07-07 10:35:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Secret nanotech spy agency meeting 
National Academies
Meeting of the Committee on Nanotechnology for the Intelligence Community.
Closed session summary posted after the meeting
Location: Keck Center of the National Academies, 500
     5th St., NW, Washington, D.C..
Contact: James Killian, 202-334-1758;

@_date: 2003-07-07 17:03:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Denver Post article on mattd/proffr/AP/Jim Bell/cypherpunks 
The development of digital money, and encryption software restricting government's ability to monitor Internet activity, are common goals among the online anarchists and libertarians known as "cypherpunks."
The ultimate purpose of Assassination Politics is to deter people from working for government agencies, corporate media outlets or institutions "beholden to the violence of the state," Taylor said.
Professor Rat also has threatened a University of Ottawa law professor, a columnist for The Boston Globe and a Cincinnati police officer.
The Post is withholding the names of the subjects of posts by Professor Rat to avoid promoting any specific threats.
Eugene Volokh, a law professor at the University of California-Los Angeles and a First Amendment specialist, said the threats were probably criminal, given Taylor's description of the purpose of Assassination Politics.

@_date: 2003-07-12 15:09:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: defcon kwy signing party 
netkita on Sat, Jul 12, 2003 at 02:27:24PM -0400
References: <3F101ACC.20649.639FFC1
I dunno how many folks on the list are going to Defcon (if previous
years that I've been are any indication, not a whole heck of a lot).
But if there's a gathering, I'll show up.

@_date: 2003-07-22 09:22:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: old encryption paper 
proclus on Sat, Jul 19, 2003 at 04:33:37PM -0400
References: <20030719203350.3A74F99AA5
Well, no. This kind of commentary made folks on mailing lists like
these feel warm and fuzzy and made some other tech types realize what
was at stake. But Sen. Judd Gregg's proposal failed because of lack of
support from his colleagues and opposition from well-connected
industry lobbyists, not people writing about "GNU-Darwin" (probably
not one congresscritter knows what that means anyway, or cares).

@_date: 2003-07-24 09:08:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congresscritters want to be more... permanent 
News conference to announce bipartisan legislation for a constitutional
ammendment to increase the term of House members from 2 years to 4
Participants: Rep. Charles Stenholm, D-Texas, and Rep. Roscoe
     Bartlett, R-Md.=
Location: House Radio/TV Gallery, U.S. Capitol. 3:30 p.m.
Contact: Anne Keller, 202-225-6605 or 202-225-2721

@_date: 2003-06-01 23:51:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: BIS Disk Full 
anonymous on Sat, May 31, 2003 at 01:34:00PM -0700
References: <20030531203426.F17E29D332
Is it this?
Email to crypt at bis does not bounce, at least not immediately.

@_date: 2003-06-20 09:27:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: I love announcements like this 
SURVEILLANCE MATTERS
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) (F.R. Page 35631)
Closed meeting to discuss surveillance matters.
Location: 1155 21st St., NW, 9th Floor Conference Room,
     Washington, D.C.. 11 a.m.
Contact: Jean Webb, 202-418-5100

@_date: 2003-06-20 09:32:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress & the intelligence community 
Location: Washington, D.C.
Event Name: Congress and the Intelligence Community
Event Sponsor: The Government Affairs Institute at Georgetown University
Event Description: Open to Civilian and uniformed employees (GS-11 and above or military equivalent) from any department or agency with an interest in the intelligence area, the purpose of this four-day workshop is to increase the participant's understanding of the various ways that Congress interacts with the intelligence community, and therefore increase their effectiveness in this environment. Topics covered may include the politics of defense legislation; the role and operation of the House and Senate committees that authorize and appropriate funds for the intelligence community; the issue of intelligence and homeland security; and the influence of the media and special interests.
Contact Information:   Joan Milan   [ gai at georgetown.edu ]   202-333-4838
Web site:

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:16:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
timcmay on Wed, Apr 30, 2003 at 10:45:03AM -0700
References: <01a801c30f07$addc75c0$c71121c2
  <78FEFA6E-7B33-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
Yes. Falsely saying "I love you" is, last I checked, constitutionally
protected. Political speech is by definition intended for political gain
and courts have said that lies at the heart of the 1A. As for financial
gain, the Supremes will have a chance to weigh in on this -- they heard
oral arguments in the Nike case last week -- let's hope they do the right

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:36:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
timcmay on Tue, Apr 29, 2003 at 10:16:21AM -0700
References:  <4C69C844-7A66-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
Right. The ones I'm familiar with are the Society of Professional
Journalists and the Online News Association. They have ethical codes
their members pledge to adhere to. (In fact, this week is SPJ's
national ethics week.)
There's the Freedom Forum in Arlington, which serves a related role,
and of course many publications have ombudsmen and permanent critics
like FAIR and its conservative adversary, whose name I can't remember
right now. Catching news organizations in errors is high sport for the
competing network or cross-town newspaper. Remember the CNN/Time flap
over Operation Tailwind?
Professional organizations folks on this list may be familiar with
(IEEE, ACM) seem to act like unions in many cases: They argue for
protectionist laws, government licensing. Basically creating a cartel
and raising barriers to entry. Fortunately, news organizations haven't
gone in the same direction.

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:39:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
DaveHowe on Wed, Apr 30, 2003 at 10:40:27AM +0100
References: <4C69C844-7A66-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
  <017401c30f03$86d30240$c71121c2
Are you sure that all "church types" are in it for the good of their
faith? Not one preacher or evangelist, in the history of mankind, has
secretly become an athiest but concludes: Hey, this is a pretty good
gig; I'm going to lie...
Prosecuted? Put in prison? What the hell are you thinking?
You're a bit of a censorial twit, aren't you?

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:42:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
shaddack on Wed, Apr 30, 2003 at 11:09:29AM +0200
References: <04f1b0f3a7ccb7467379ba65cf308a57
How about Indymedia? How about a student newspaper collective? How
about Slashdot and its editors? How about the New York Times' editorial page?

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:42:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
hseaver on Wed, Apr 30, 2003 at 09:28:25AM -0500
References: <04f1b0f3a7ccb7467379ba65cf308a57
  <20030430142825.GB3480
You need to actually read the case and understand what's at issue in it.

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:48:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
timcmay on Tue, Apr 29, 2003 at 07:06:11PM -0700
References: <20030429204451.C25473
  <507C8598-7AB0-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
Tim, come now. He was able to have one phone call a week of up to ten
minutes (or something like that) with his lawyer. I'm SURE it wasn't
monitored. I'm SURE that was sufficient time to discuss legal strategy.
Truly, your hostile comments do the hard working prosecutors at the
U.S. Department of Justice a grave disservice in their brave fight
against domestic terrorists.

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:52:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
References: <200304300621.50434.njohnsn
Also keep in mind that the evidence against Hawash re: his China trip
largely came from Chinese government functionaries, who as we know
from SARS are reliable exemplars of truthtelling at all times.

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:55:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
References: <00B000C5-7B33-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
Actually, the judge seems better than many other members of the
federal judiciary. Unlike other "material witness" cases in which
judges permitted prisoners to be held for over a year without a trial,
the judge gave the DOJ a deadline (this week) to decide what to do
with Hawash.  Well, now we know.

@_date: 2003-05-01 10:04:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: patriotism considered evil 
adam on Wed, Apr 30, 2003 at 09:54:21PM +0100
References: <20030430071750.A8384419
  <20030430215421.A8373912
I think I'd largely agree with you about the bias in many news outlets.
But as for the French: Well, a lot of Americans just don't like the
French, and it has nothing to do with Bush. I took a bottle of French
hard apple cider with me to a family gathering over Easter and got a
round of boos for it, even though that part of the family is pretty
evenly divided between GOP/Dems.

@_date: 2003-05-01 13:43:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
References: <4C69C844-7A66-11D7-ADBC-000A956B4C74
  <017401c30f03$86d30240$c71121c2
  <20030501093942.C22466
 >> Nope. but they should be prosecuted if they front-page splash it as
First, it's "falsely shouting fire," and second, I wonder how you would draw a distinction between a newspaper saying that, someone saying that on this list, and someone saying it in a public park. Imprison all of 'em?
The problem is that if you create a rule that can be used to imprison the Holocaust deniers (a loathsome sort, I agree), it can be used to jail those who challenge the conventional orthodoxy, even if they believe they're right. More to the point, even if they *are* right.

@_date: 2003-05-02 18:17:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
matt on Fri, May 02, 2003 at 11:18:22AM -0700
References: <19163627-7CBD-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
  <200305021118.22797.matt
I don't think Tim is upset (not speaking for him of course but his message had more the tone of boredom and mild curiosity). Yes, this mailing list is for useful discussion. Remember, going over
the same old arguments does get stale after a while.
There is also an unspoken assumption that folks who hope to be
interesting list posters will share a common vocabulary and
literature. Books that seem to influence cpunks include Applied
Crypto, Heinlein's earlier stuff, Vinge, Ender's Game, Stephenson's
Cryptonomicon (a little recent, but still), Road to Serfdom, David
Friedman, some of Murray Rothbard and von Mises' work. Lately I've
been rereading some of the original public choice theory work out of
George Mason (and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Philosophy," a great
I'd guess that except in die-hard lefty cases, it's somewhat difficult
to read those kind of volumes and still remain enthusiastic about tax
rates that exceed, say, 50 percent and the accompanying regulatory
structure. Perhaps more to the point, this list has always been about
(at least I discovered it in late 1994) the social and political
impacts of crypto and related technologies, and those are probably not
incredibly friendly to a hyper-regulatory state.
So, yes, the "Klansmen, feminists, nazis, Libertarians of any sort,
Democrats, Greens, Republicans" are welcome. But may we ask in turn
that they appreciate the vocabulary and literature?

@_date: 2003-05-05 08:23:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Today in DC... 
National Academies
Meeting of the Committee to Review Proposals from former Soviet Biological
Weapons Scientists in the FSU, May 5-6. Highlights:  9 a.m. - Open
session: briefings by Defense Department, State Department and Civilian
Research and Development Foundation representatives
Location: National Academies, 500 5th St., NW, Washington,
     D.C..
Contact: Sara Gray, 202-334-2923; e-mail, sgray at nas.edu
Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations
News conference to release previously closed transcripts of executive
sessions held by the subcommittee during the McCarthy era.
Participants: Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, chairman, Governmental
     Affairs Committee; Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich.,
     and Donald Ritchie, associate Senate historian
Location: 325 Russell Senate Office Building. 9:30 a.m.
Contact: Bonnie Heald, 202-224-6134 or Kathleen Long,
     202-228-3685

@_date: 2003-05-05 21:19:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congresscritters get SARS briefing 
In preparation for the hearing beginning at 2:00 p.m. on May 7, 2003, the
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will hold a Member Briefing on
SARS at 1:30 p.m. in 2123 Rayburn House Office Building. Dr. David L.
Heymann, Executive Director, Communicable Diseases, World Health
Organization (WHO), will brief Members via videoconference hookup from
Geneva, Switzerland.
This even event will be open to the public and webcast live. For the latest
information, please visit

@_date: 2003-05-06 22:34:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
justin on Sat, May 03, 2003 at 08:50:12PM +0000
References: <200305022205.24810.sfurlong
  <26D2E932-7D8D-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
  <20030503205012.GP17685
To wit:
(Or E-Gold, or the other gold payment systems...)

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:00:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
; from alopata on Sat, May 03, 2003 at 09:00:08PM
  -0700
References: If a sufficiently repressive government doesn't like what you say, you end
up with your ears lopped off, or you're dead and your family is tortured.
If the Corporate Media Barons don't like what you say, you get to keep
saying it.
Hope that helps put things in perspective.
It is true that there are government-imposed barriers to entry that
aid in keeping the media megaliths in power. But it is also true that
a heck of lot of Americans like what they get from the MMs (which must
respond to market demand at some level, after all), and it is also
true that the claims of MM appear to be loudest from leftist quarters
that have little novel to say anyway.

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:02:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
matt on Fri, May 02, 2003 at 04:50:08PM -0700
References: <19163627-7CBD-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
  <200305021508.20397.matt
  <20030502231430.GC23232
  <200305021650.08716.matt
By that definition, various federal agents, narcs, and prosecutors
would qualify as ardent cypherpunks.

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:05:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
wmo on Fri, May 02, 2003 at 08:07:49PM -0500
References: <19163627-7CBD-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
  <200305021118.22797.matt
  <20030502181706.B11960
  <200305021652.10518.matt
  <20030503010749.GD23232
Right. There's an endless supply of list-newbies who are happy to post unintentional flame-bait. As Bill said, it gets old after a decade
or so.

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:10:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
kelsey.j on Mon, May 05, 2003 at 08:12:15AM -0400
References: <5.2.0.9.0.20030503091736.044ef0d0
  <20030502181706.B11960
  <3EB3A80A.11219.23A8502D
  <5.2.0.9.0.20030505073913.044e2030
I think this is right. I would not claim that a purely capitalist
state is most efficient at producing technology with warfighting
capabilities; I'd argue only that it's best at maximizing the
happiness (and therefore the total economic output) of people who
lived there. That could lead to technology with military applications
or it could just be some pretty funky immersion sim. :)

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:27:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Press Conduct 
from measl on Sat, May 03, 2003 at 06:18:35PM -0500
References: It's late and I'm not really that familiar with that case, so I won't
comment on it. But for a reporter, a guarantee of confidentiality is
(or at least should be) what a generation ago would have been called a
sacred trust. If you can't live up to your end of the bargain, don't
promise to preserve confidentiality.
The only person to whom I will reveal a confidential source is my
editor. This is standard and necessary journalistic practice: a news
editor has to be able to make an independent judgment about whether
the source is reliable or not. In practice, my editors have trusted me
enough not to ask for the source's identity (and they also may not
want to be burdened with that knowledge).
On my website, I guarantee confidentiality re: email tips but with
this addendum:
If you're interested, you may want to check out some of the poynter.org
forums on the topic. I imagine they're buzzing right about now.

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:37:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
timcmay on Tue, May 06, 2003 at 07:43:27PM -0700
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030506125544.02da0938
Remember what the freedom-loving Bush administration did today
in a deal inked with the freedom-loving Singaporean government:
The actual text is here:

@_date: 2003-05-06 23:40:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
timcmay on Tue, May 06, 2003 at 08:51:04PM -0700
References: <20030506223415.A32287
  <2094D372-803F-11D7-80A1-000A956B4C74
Well, Rep. Ron Paul spoke out against the bill. He was the only
'critter I recall doing that. Nowadays, "Congress shall make no
law..." is more and more observed only in the breach.

@_date: 2003-05-07 09:25:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Private meeting on privacy 
National Academies
Meeting on Privacy in the Information Age, May 7-9. Closed session
summary posted after the meeting
Location: National Academies, 500 5th St., NW, Washington,
     D.C..

@_date: 2003-05-08 07:27:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Overestimating your importance (Was: Re: CDR: Re: 
on Wed, May 07, 2003 at 01:12:49PM -0500
References:   <20030507181249.GI16535
Or mine? I only have two entries in my killfile at this point (and I
subscribe to the lne.com node, so reading the list is far more
pleasant than it was a few years ago). Jamie makes a good point:
Complaining about someone's killfile does not make for interesting
reading or compelling discussion. Give it up and move on or be
ignored, I'd say.

@_date: 2003-05-08 23:55:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
hseaver on Thu, May 08, 2003 at 01:04:50PM -0500
References: <20030508142147.GA27684
  <8A0E3087-8170-11D7-80A1-000A956B4C74
  <20030508180450.GA27737
were light out) one of Adams Morgans' once-lauded "community gardens."
It might have been a big deal in the 1970s, but now it's just a rocky
slope with a few scraggly corn stalks growing on it. I've never seen a
gardener actually garden there in the seven years I've lived in the

@_date: 2003-05-09 12:51:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
References: <20030506230024.B32287
Which is and should be illegal.
Your boss tells you not to do something and you do it anyway, and then get fired? Maybe your boss was stupid, but sheesh, this isn't the same thing as getting tortured, your family imprisoned and raped, and executed.
Hope you can see the difference.
Yep, that's about right. Teach me to respond to someone who's just trying to start a flamewar. Keep it up and you'll be the third candidate for my killfile! :)

@_date: 2003-05-09 18:00:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
bob.cat on Fri, May 09, 2003 at 06:00:21PM -0400
References: <539D4264-8243-11D7-80A1-000A956B4C74
  <004a01c31676$7e38f5c0$382f3ccc
Yep, it's a good counterexample to the general rule. But I recall that
when land acquisition began, that area near Lessburg was still
primarily farm country, which is easier to accumulate in terms of parcels.
Also it's unclear that it was entirely private -- the web page talks
about planning beginning after a 1988 state law was enacted...

@_date: 2003-05-10 09:45:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Dulles Greenway is not a private toll road (Was: Private toll 
timcmay on Fri, May 09, 2003 at 07:43:51PM -0700
References: <004a01c31676$7e38f5c0$382f3ccc
  <3BE852E0-8291-11D7-80A1-000A956B4C74
There are two roads: The Dulles Toll Road, which connects I-66 (near
the Beltway) with Dulles Airport, and the Dulles Greenway, which continues
northwest away from the city to end in Leesburg. We've been talking
about the Greenway.
There's a map here:
I take the Dulles Toll Road whenever I fly out of that airport, but have
only taken the Dulles Greenway once or twice (the only people I know in
the area are north of Leesburg, and it's easier to connect through
Point of Rocks in Maryland). So I'm not really all that familiar with it.
A quick search, though, turns up this, which shows that the Greenway
was a government project accomplished through eminent domain, that it
is run by a private contractor and will return to state control in a
few decades, and that it's subject to continued aggressive regulation
from local governments.
Not a good example of a privately-owned and privately-built road.

@_date: 2003-05-10 10:07:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
timcmay on Fri, May 09, 2003 at 08:00:46PM -0700
References: <20030509125934.GA30621
  <98A948CA-8293-11D7-80A1-000A956B4C74
Yep. The decrepit "community garden" that I can see from my window is
next to a shady area with park benches and picnic tables. That corner
would be pleasant except for the constant homeless presence. In the
spring and the fall, there are guaranteed to be homeless people
sleeping on the benches.  For whatever reason, in the summer they seem
to sleep about 50' downslope toward Rock Creek Park, and in the winter
they must find a warmer downtown grate to sleep on; I don't know.
This despite the fact that the park is supposed to be closed at 10-11
pm or so.
There's also a basketball court in the park, which during the summer
time is a magnet for the youth from the less-gentrified area a few
blocks away. The sound of a basketball bouncing and the assorted
whooping and yelling carries pretty far on a quiet summer night at 2
am. Again, so much for posted closing time.
There's also a soccer field, which because it's raining hard right now
is a muddy swamp that will take a week to drain. Thanks to modern
municipal efficiency, the grass has never been replanted and so it's
mostly dirt, unfit for a real soccer game. And this is just at the
beginning of the summer sports season too, so it'll just get worse.
In the mornings, the park is used as an offleash dog run by local
militant dog owners, with the predictable watch-where-you-step
results. This despite supposedly strict rules against having dogs off
leash in the city. The park is a convenient short cut from people
living on Rep. Gary Condit's old street and walking to the Metro to go
to work in the morning -- which overlaps with Dog Exercise Time. So
dogs inevitably run after and bark at the people trying to get to
work, which normally isn't a big deal, but you have some people who
are really afraid of dogs or you have a small person and a really big
dog, with the inevitable shouting matches and hard feelings arising
between pedestrians and dog owners who can't or won't control their
I've only seen the police drive by the park once during DET, which
prompted the dog owners to quickly leash their pets and then unleash
them about 10 minutes after the drive by was complete.
Anyway, I suspect these problems are hardly unique to this bit of our
nation's capital. To go back to the community garden discussion point,
yes, who would want to raise veggies in your "plot" when the area is
already spoken for by dogs looking for a place to take a dump, soccer
players stomping through your plants trying to find their ball, and
homeless men looking for a midnight snack?

@_date: 2003-05-11 09:05:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
hseaver on Sat, May 10, 2003 at 10:32:03PM -0500
References: <20030509125934.GA30621
  <98A948CA-8293-11D7-80A1-000A956B4C74
  <20030511033203.GB1140
I don't claim that all community gardens are decrepit, of course. If
a city chooses to spend enough money on high fences, security guards,
and locks on gates, they can pull it off.
The gardener-activists have every incentive to lobby for that because
of the standard public choice reasons: distributed costs and
centralized benefits -- hundreds of thousands or millions of people
have their taxes raised by perhaps a dollar, even though only a few
dozen or a few hundred at most people benefit from the garden.
And when that happens, because the small number of gardeners are
getting the garden plot at below market cost, they do have an
incentive to take advantage of it. Getting the government involved
interferes with the price signals that a market approach would have.
Because it's not their money, governments tend to funnel money
into politically-connected friends -- the fence-building contractor
will turn out to be the mayor's brother-in-law's son.
Once the garden is established, though, the municipality does not have
the same incentive to take care of it as a private property owner
does. The same with my muddy, dirt soccer field that's become an
illegal dog run (I can see three dogs there right now). Also, as the
political supporters of the garden move out of the city or retire from
activism, or their friends in government move on to cushy private
sector jobs, the garden tends to receive fewer resources. Politicians
prefer to campaign on bold platforms like "creating more community
gardens" as opposed to "maintaining status quo."
At the very least, it's reasonable to weigh the costs against the
benefits of community gardens. Where I grew up, my family had an acre
of land, more than enough for a garden, but for whatever reason one
year we used a community garden that was set up by a local large
manufacturing company on its own land. Worked out well, and was a nice

@_date: 2003-05-12 21:12:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
on Mon, May 12, 2003 at 11:05:41AM -0700
References: <20030512095729.A19565
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030512103557.02e1cae8
  <20030512110541.A20160
On Mon, May 12, 2003 at 11:05:41AM -0700, Eric Murray wrote,
quoting Bill Stewart:
First we should thank Eric for doing an absolutely spectacular job of
running his node. I've been running moderated and unmoderated lists
since 1994, and, take it from me, dealing with administrative stuff
is a thankless task. You're far more likely to deal with people who
are angry than thankful.
I like Bill's suggestion, and perhaps it's possible to use disposable
email addresses (cp-20030512 at lne.com?) for replies? But I don't understand why an extra 100 messages a day or even 1000
messages a day would be a big deal for a server with a fast Net connection.
If it's DSL or cable modems, that makes sense.
But if it's on a server with bandwidth charges, and that's the issue,
does it make sense to take up a collection to offest the cost? (I'm
thinking of asking for the same thing with Politech, since server
hosting is getting expensive.)

@_date: 2003-05-13 23:29:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
References:  <018801c31807$1f991670$0b01a8c0  <20030513131129.A26891
Greg is right, and raises a point I hadn't considered before. But then
again if I charge $.25 to send me mail in a hypothetical micropayment
system (and I'd hope a social custom would arise making it tacky to
retain the money if the mail were not spam), I'd be happy to let
everyone know I have a working email address.

@_date: 2003-05-14 10:59:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
References: <20030513232944.A19967
It is true that the notions of micropayments as applied to spam (that I'm familiar with, at least) would require that the email recipient check with the bank to detect doublespending. This would introduce an additional delay before delivery from unknown senders, yes, but I fail to see how it would impose an unacceptable cost in bandwidth or CPU usage.
Spammers could still try the same-micropayment-a-million-times route, just as they could try to spam without micropayments, but if their email is rejected in sufficient quantities, the cost to the spammer would outweigh the benefits. The key is achieving sufficient quantities.

@_date: 2003-05-14 11:40:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
timcmay on Tue, May 13, 2003 at 10:00:25PM -0700
References: <5.2.0.9.0.20030512173756.044d7ab0
Liability is an interesting idea, but then you'd have judges under a
tremendous amount of pressure never to declare anything
unconstitutional. ("Want a paycheck anymore, chief justice?" Or just
wet squads assigned to take care of the problem of recalcitrant judges.)

@_date: 2003-05-14 18:24:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
timcmay on Wed, May 14, 2003 at 11:05:26AM -0700
References: <20030514114011.B21188
Agreed... I'm not disagreeing about the problem, just the remedy. As
an example, Sen. Leahy thought his "morphed child porn" bill was
constitutionally problematic, but introduced it anyway:
Same with debate over other bills -- "let the courts figure it out."
And that's assuming the 'critters are being nominally honest instead
of mouthing protect-the-children and other FUD throwaway lines.
If the Congress must approve federal judges, pay their salaries on an
annual basis, and has the constitutional power to limit the
jurisdiction of the federal judiciary, all I'm saying is that the
remedy of Congress passing a law to hold themselves criminally liable --
and having that law enforced by federal judges is not realistic given
the current state of our political system.

@_date: 2003-05-15 00:16:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
timcmay on Wed, May 14, 2003 at 05:55:24PM -0700
References: <20030514182424.A29914
Yes. Leahy would fall into that category, actually. Congress enacted
the "morphed" child porn ban in I recall 1996, and the Supreme Ct struck
it down 7-2 as unconstitutional around a year ago. Within days Leahy,
Hatch, and the other usual suspects reintroduced nearly-identical We've seen the same silliness on campaign finance, on dial-a-porn
restrictions (something like three rounds before the Supremes), and on CDA->COPA.

@_date: 2003-05-15 00:24:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
shaddack on Thu, May 15, 2003 at 03:50:43AM +0200
References:  Yep, and I've never understood why someone would do that. I read email
using mutt/lynx and Eudora (with "Automatically download HTML
graphics" turned off). Heck, sometimes I'll use /bin/mail or cat. I'd
never register as having read the email. Guess I'm not the target
audience; the Outlook crowd is.

@_date: 2003-05-15 21:23:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Nmap is actually fast in the future. 
rah on Thu, May 15, 2003 at 04:20:25PM -0700
References: On Thu, May 15, 2003 at 04:20:25PM -0700, R. A. Hettinga forwarded
a message from gkm at petting-zoo.net (glen mccready):

@_date: 2003-05-16 22:58:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
timcmay on Fri, May 16, 2003 at 10:55:50AM -0700
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20030516100959.0457c340
All that is right, of course, and very concise. I guess I'm inefficient
because I wrote a piece recently that used many more words to say
the same thing. :) See below. It's on nanotech pork barreling and
public choice.
   The best case for a government subsidy of R&D is to fund vital
   research that the private sector would fail to do on its own.
   Proponents of government nanotech funding argue that, as in other
   "basic research" areas, corporations have only short-term profit
   horizons. They say that government must pay for basic research because
   that's not profitable--only applied research is.
   This point has some validity, but there are three counter-arguments.
   First, private sources will pay for basic research. It may not be at
   the level that all researchers would prefer, but if it can lead to
   applied research results, the private sector will still do some of it.
   Second, nanotechnology includes a mix of early-stage research and
   late-stage research.  Third, by having private funders, you avoid
   the public choice problems.
   Real-world subsidies rarely, if ever, follow the ideal found in
   economics textbooks. Instead, government-funded R&D in the real world
   is subject to the lobbying and rent-seeking that takes place whenever
   government dangles money. As the nascent world of nanotechnology
   develops, we have a chance to see how the political process steers
   research in political ways that need not parallel scientific goals.
   Bureaucrats, special interest groups, and members of Congress have
   strong incentives to channel nanotech funds to politically popular
   recipients or into trendy research areas that may or may not have
   legitimate scientific value. This has already lent itself to
   pork-barrel politics, as illustrated by a March 2002 speech by House
   Science Committee Chairman Sherwood Boehlert (R-NY) delivered in New
   York City. In it, Boehlert pledged to steer a disproportionate amount
   of cash to businesses and universities in his home state. "I will do
   everything in my power to ensure that nanotechnology research gets the
   funding it deserves," Boehlert said. "I will do everything possible to
   see that a significant portion of that research takes place right here
   in New York state."
   Without the traditional yardstick of profit and loss, there is no
   straightforward way to measure what is a wise course of spending.
   Rational economic calculations tend to be replaced by the routine of a
   guaranteed budget increase every year. Money often goes to favored or
   well-connected groups, and controversial but promising research may be
   ignored. Replacing market decisions with ones made on Capitol Hill
   could lead to highly-politicized results and inefficient allocation of
   nanotech funds.
   ...
   It's too early to predict what might happen in the case of
   nanotechnology, but early signals indicate Congress is eager to tie
   strings to funding. A bill introduced by Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Or.) would
   "ensure that philosophical, ethical, and other societal concerns will
   be considered alongside the development of nanotechnology." Last week,
   a House committee added an amendment to a nanotech funding bill that
   would require an evaluation of the racial diversity of organizations
   applying for nano-funding. During a presentation last year at a
   Foresight Institute conference, a former national security advisor for
   Vice President Al Gore predicted increased control. "These guys
   talking here act as though the government is not part of their lives,"
   said Leon Fuerth, now a professor of international affairs at George
   Washington University. "They may wish it weren't, but it is. As we
   approach the issues they debated here today, they had better believe
   that those issues will be debated by the whole country."
   Among groups that benefit from nanotech spending, we're starting to
   see a lot of unhealthy jockeying for position and rent-seeking going
   on. Rent seeking is obtaining wealth or power through government
   action. In general, it grants special interests short-term gains at
   the expense of the long-term economic health of a society.
   To bolster its rent-seeking abilities, the Nanobusiness Alliance trade
   group signed up former House Speaker Newt Gingrich as its chairman and
   Rep. Robert Walker, former House Science committee chairman, and
   former Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater as advisors.
   Corporations that hand over up to $25,000 a year to the alliance can
   be part of all "legislative tours at no charge" and receive "free
   access to legislative" lists of key members of Congress and their
   aides. Alliance members include both startups and the billion-dollar
   firms Lockheed Martin, Agfa, Gateway, and GE.
   If these CEOs viewed nanotech research as too risky to fund
   themselves, there might be more justification for government dollars.
   Instead, private investment is flourishing. According to a statement
   from the Nanobusiness Alliance: "Some of the world's largest
   companies, including IBM, Motorola, Hewlett Packard, Lucent, Hitachi,
   Mitsubishi, NEC, Corning, Dow Chemical and 3M have launched
   significant nanotech initiatives through their own venture capital
   funds or as a direct result of their own R&D."
   A venture capital company devoted exclusively to nanotech, Lux
   Capital, already exists. Lux Capital estimates that from 1995 to 2000,
   the number of news articles referencing nanotechnology jumped sixfold,
   and a billion dollars of venture capital flowed into the nanotech
   industry last year. A recent report from the firm said companies "are
   increasingly conducting pure or basic research to keep competitive...
   Private spending on pure research is supposed to surpass public
   spending in the next year. Other firms turn to partnerships with
   academia, essentially outsourcing R&D initiatives."
   Evidently, basic research in the case of nanotechnology can be funded
   privately. While a firm may not be able to capitalize on all the
   benefits of basic research it pays for itself, CEOs seem to believe
   that a sufficient understanding of the fundamentals leads to
   applications that can be profitable.

@_date: 2003-05-16 23:03:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IEEE and DMCA 
eresrch on Fri, May 16, 2003 at 08:16:39AM -0700
References: We covered this on Politech over a year ago, and I had understood
at the time that IEEE was going to remove that language:

@_date: 2003-05-18 23:07:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Economics of "Wanted" and "Unwanted" Messages 
sfurlong on Sun, May 18, 2003 at 07:45:44PM -0400
References:   <200305181945.44427.sfurlong
In a less aggressive vein, I've been waiting for a spamactivists.com
site to emarge with "Picket Spammers at Their Homes" days, calls to
family members, spammer creditors, etc. No harassment, just conveying
factual information in a non-threatening manner.
For verification purposes, most spam blacklists have records of past
spamming activity (SpamCop keeps a year or so). That shifts the trust
problem, but it doesn't seem insoluble.

@_date: 2003-05-21 09:28:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Extent of UK snooping revealed 
john on Tue, May 20, 2003 at 11:05:23AM -0700
References: <3ECA475D.50103
  <20030520104350.N96524-100000@
Well, it depends. If I'm browsing the web from home on DSL, a remote web
site is going to get something like:
If I go through my server, the remote site will see:
Your other points are well-taken, though! :)

@_date: 2003-05-21 09:33:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oregon says unlawful labelling of an MP3 is 'terrorism' 
justin on Wed, May 21, 2003 at 04:34:04AM +0000
References:   <20030521043404.GA10413
I glanced at it as well. I do not believe that the bill does what
the Subject: line claims it does (unlawful labeling of music is terrorism).

@_date: 2003-05-21 21:27:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why I Could Never Be a Lawyer 
timcmay on Wed, May 21, 2003 at 05:36:51PM -0700
References: <7B0D5AC4-8BED-11D7-B4E6-000A956B4C74
I agree. I've never understood why folks find the law to be "majestic."
Some theories:
* Some people thrill to the raw application of power. This may explain
the popularity of law and order and shows of that genre. It explains
why many people move to Washington, to be close to power and
eventually hope to become a deputy assistant undersecretary of petty
and generally inscrutable affairs.
* Law professors have spent too much time reading legal "rights
theory" and other assorted oppressed-class nonsense (I have in my
possession a law review article written about science fiction worlds,
which while entertaining is hardly what I would call an academic
pursuit). Using the law to implement your will can be majestic, perhaps.
* Still others view politics as an honorable profession, or are simply
intrigued by the change to do good in some way. I know a reporter at the
New York Times who has consciously dedicated her life to the pursuit
of "civil justice."
The common law, before Washington created a Napoleonic code of
thousands of pages of rules and exceptions and allowances for
well-connected lobbyists, may have had a better claim to being
majestic. No longer.

@_date: 2003-05-28 19:03:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Extent of UK snooping revealed 
john on Wed, May 28, 2003 at 10:36:23AM -0700
References: <3ED4C0AB.3010009
  <20030528102917.R70971-100000@
Well, it seems to me that a sufficiently smart Carnivoristic device
would be able to detect that and easily toss out all such bogus
searches and their progeny.
How about reading a bunch of news sites and following links? Maybe
posting trollish comments on Slashdot? :)

@_date: 2003-05-29 20:48:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Apple's "Rendezvous" bites "Itunes" 
on Thu, May 29, 2003 at 12:23:25PM -0500
References: <3ED61A54.743CAA38
  <20030529172325.GI4093
That's true at one level -- it was expected when security is breached
(or appears to have been breached; I haven't looked at the details myself).
But then again when you have millions of people affected, that's generally
a solid news story, in my experience.

@_date: 2003-11-05 17:01:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] FBI visits John Young, asks about anti-government activity [fs] 
John Young is a longtime supporter of open government and public access to government information. See:
4 November 2003
Cryptome received a visit today from FBI Special Agents Todd Renner and Christopher Kelly from the FBI Counterterrorism Office in New York, 26 Federal Plaza, telephone (212) 384-1000. Both agents presented official ID and business cards.
SA Renner said that a person had reported Cryptome as a source of information that could be used to harm the United States. He said Cryptome website had been examined and nothing on the site was illegal but information there might be used for harmful purposes. He noted that information in the Cryptome CDs might wind up in the wrong hands.
SA Renner said there is no investigation of Cryptome, that the purpose of the visit was to ask Cryptome to report to the FBI any information which Cryptome "had a gut feeling" could be a threat to the nation.
There was a discussion of the purpose of Cryptome, freedom of information, the need for more public information on threats to the nation and what citizens can do to protect themselves, the need for more public information about how the FBI functions in the field and the intention of visits like the one today.
SA Kelly said such visits are increasingly common as the FBI works to improve the reporting of information about threats to the US.
Asked what will happen as a result of the visit. SA Renner said he will write a report of the visit.
Cryptome said it will publish a report of the visit, including naming the agents. Both agents expressed concern about their names being published for that might lead to a threat against them and/or their families -- one saying that due to copious personal databases any name can be traced.
Cryptome said the reason for publishing names of agents is so that anyone can verify that a contact has been made, and that more public information is needed on how FBI agents function and who they are.
Cryptome noted that on a previous occasion FBI agents had protested publication of their names by Cryptome.
Cryptome did not agree to report anything to the FBI that is not available on the website.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2003-11-07 08:38:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bush grants pardons 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE	OPA
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 2003	(202) 514-2008
WWW.USDOJ.GOV 							  			TDD (202) 514-1888
WASHINGTON, D.C. - President George W. Bush granted pardons to the following four individuals:
Brianna Lea Haney				Kamloops, BC, Canada
Offense:					Failure to report monetary instruments, 31 U.S.C. '' 5316 and Sentence:					November 8, 1991; Western District of Washington; four and one-half months' community confinement and two years' supervised release.
David Custer Heaston			Las Vegas, Nevada
Offense:					False statement, 18 U.S.C. ' 1001.
Sentence:					April 22, 1988; District of Nevada; three years, probation, $1,000 fine.
Bruce Louis Bartos				Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Offense:					Transportation of a machine gun in foreign commerce, 18 U.S.C. '' 922(a)(4) and 924.
Sentence:					July 10, 1987; Southern District of Florida; two years' Michael Robert Moelter			Jim Falls, Wisconsin
Offense:					Conducting an illegal gambling business; 18 U.S.C. ' 1955.
Sentence:					September 15, 1988; Western District of Wisconsin; three years' probation, conditioned upon sixty days' residence in a community treatment center, $5,000 fine.

@_date: 2003-11-07 08:49:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Commerce Department, still at it 
Deadline to submit comments to the Department of Commerce's (DOC) Bureau of Industry and Standards (BIS), which is also known as the Bureau of Export Administration (BXA) regarding its proposal to amend its rules to "expand the availability of license exceptions for exports and reexports of computer technology and software, and microprocessor technology on the Commerce Control List (CCL) of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) under Export Classification Control Numbers (ECCNs) 3E002, 4D001 and 4E001. These ECCNs control technology and software that can be used for the development, production, or use of computers, and development and production of microprocessors." Comments are due by November 24, 2003. See, notice in the Federal Register, October 24, 2003, Vol. 68, No. 206, at Pages

@_date: 2003-11-07 09:56:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 30-second "knock notice" case in California 
THE PEOPLE, Plaintiff and Respondent, v. JEAN MICHEL RABADUEX, Defendant and Appellant.
COURT OF APPEAL OF CALIFORNIA, THIRD APPELLATE DISTRICT
November 4, 2003, Filed
PRIOR HISTORY:  [*1]  APPEAL from a judgment of the Superior Court of San Joaquin County No. TF030882A. Richard Guiliani, Judge.
DISPOSITION: Affirmed.
CORE TERMS: knock-notice, Fourth Amendment, knock, privacy, homeowner, motion to suppress, occupant, door, infringed, announce, search warrant, waited, bedroom, wait, deputy, electronic surveillance, destruction of property, refused admittance, conversation, suppression of evidence, execute, seizure, morning, search and seizure, privacy interest, police entry, destruction, invaded, violent, right to privacy
COUNSEL: Peter Dodd, under appointment by the Court of Appeal, for Defendant and Appellant.
Bill Lockyer, Attorney General, Robert R. Anderson, Chief Assistant Attorney General, Jo Graves, Senior Assistant Attorney General, Susan Rankin Bunting, Acting Supervising Deputy Attorney General, Patrick J. Whalen, Deputy Attorney General, for Plaintiff and Respondent.
JUDGES: ROBIE, J.; Blease, Acting P.J., and Davis, J., concurred.
OPINIONBY: ROBIE
OPINION: Defendant Jean Michel Rabaduex was charged with 199 offenses arising out of his sexual acts with and electronic surveillance of his live-in girlfriend's daughter. Defendant moved to suppress evidence obtained from a search of his house because "the police did not comply with knock and announce principles, particularly by failing to wait a sufficient period of time after 'knock-notice' to infer a constructive refusal to enter." The court denied defendant's motion. He subsequently pled guilty to all counts and was sentenced to 35 years in prison.
On appeal, defendant contends the trial court erred in denying his motion to suppress. [*2]  Defendant argues that because police had reason to know the only person at home was asleep, it was unreasonable for them to enter the house only 30 seconds after first announcing their presence.
Because the only person home at the time of the entry was defendant's girlfriend, we conclude defendant failed to show the violation of his Fourth Amendment rights necessary to require suppression of the evidence against him. Accordingly, the trial court did not err in denying defendant's motion to suppress, and we will affirm the judgment.
FACTUAL AND PROCEDURAL HISTORY
In September 2001, Deborah S. was living at a house in Tracy with her 14-year-old daughter C.S. and defendant. Defendant had lived with Deborah S. for about eight years but was not married to her and was not C.S.'s father.
In late September 2001, defendant's nephew Richard moved into the house. During his stay, Richard saw defendant touching C.S. inappropriately. Richard also discovered that hidden cameras had been installed in C.S.'s bedroom and bathroom. Richard found videotapes in defendant's bedroom depicting defendant and C.S. engaging in sexual intercourse. Richard then contacted [*3]  the Tracy Police Department.
A search warrant was issued for the house, and the resulting search, which was conducted on September 20, 2001, led to the seizure of numerous items, including two computers and various videotapes. The two computers contained over 1,000 images depicting child pornography. Police also determined that the video surveillance cameras set up in C.S.'s bedroom and bathroom were connected to a monitor in defendant's room.
Several days after the search, officers interviewed C.S. C.S. initially told officers that she began having sex with defendant when she was about 12 years old. At the preliminary hearing, C.S. testified that she began having sex with defendant when she was 14. She stated that she loved defendant and that he was the only father she had ever known.
Suppression Hearing
Deborah S. is employed as a nurse and had worked the night shift before the morning of the search. On the morning of the search, Deborah S. arrived home at 8:30 a.m. and went to bed about 10:30 a.m. Before going to bed, she spoke with defendant three or four times by telephone. The last call she received from defendant that morning was at 9:43 a.m.
Deborah [*4]  S. testified that she sleeps in the master bedroom at the top of the stairs with the door closed and that her dog sleeps in the room with her and barks whenever someone knocks on the door. There is a sign taped over the doorbell which reads, "Day sleeper. Do not ring doorbell."
Deborah S. claimed that on the day police executed the search warrant, she neither heard the police knocking nor her dog barking. She awoke from the sound of her home alarm system and opened the bedroom door to find police officers on the landing outside her bedroom.
A defense investigator testified that she went to the house with Deborah S. and waited inside the bedroom with the dog while defendant's lawyer rang the doorbell and knocked on the door. The investigator testified that the dog barked in response to both the knock and the doorbell.
The parties stipulated that C.S. had given officers the key to the house on the morning the warrant was executed. The parties also stipulated that the police asked C.S. if anyone was home, and C.S. said, "'My mom, she's sleeping.'" The prosecutor did not argue that C.S. gave the police consent to enter the house.
Detective Daniel Schnepple of the Tracy Police Department [*5]  testified that on September 20, 2001, at approximately 11:30 a.m., he and more than one-half dozen other officers approached defendant's two-story house. Detective Schnepple recalled noticing a sign about a day sleeper. Detective Shawn Steinkamp knocked on the door very loudly with his bare hand and yelled, "Tracy Police Department. Search warrant. Demand entry." Detective Steinkamp waited approximately five to eight seconds and then knocked again and repeated the announcement. The officers waited approximately 20 more seconds before entering the house with the key C.S. had given them. Detective Schnepple testified that the total time from the first knock to entry was roughly 30 to 35 seconds.
After entering the house, the officers looked around downstairs for approximately 35 to 45 seconds, maybe longer, then continued upstairs to find Deborah S. coming out of the master bedroom wearing a T-shirt and removing a sleep mask from her face. Detective Schnepple testified that Deborah S. appeared to be fumbling with earplugs; however, he never actually saw any earplugs. Deborah S. testified that she never wears earplugs because she needs to hear the phone ring in case of emergency.  [*6]
The trial court found that officers waited approximately 30 to 35 seconds after knocking and announcing their presence before entering the house and concluded this was a sufficient wait during the middle of the day. The court observed, "it may be that the officers constructively at least should have known that there was a sleeping person there," but the court concluded the officers did not have to wait longer based on that fact. The court stated: "Should the police have . . . waited five minutes because that's how much time it takes a sleeping person who happens to sleep in a certain clothing configuration to get downstairs? No. You know, it's the reasonableness of the police conduct to meet the policy generally of noticing people that police are about to come into their house. Not of this person specifically."
The trial court expressed reservation about allowing more time for people with "do not disturb" or "day sleeper" signs to respond to police seeking to execute search warrants, noting that drug dealers might place such signs on their doors to buy themselves more time to destroy the evidence of their crimes. The court concluded that the police "have to wait the appropriate [*7]  time" and that "the cases have fixed that somewhere around 30 seconds," which the court found was the amount of time the police waited in this case. Accordingly, the court denied defendant's motion to suppress.
Defendant contends the trial court erred in denying his motion to suppress because the court improperly concluded officers waited a reasonable time after knocking and giving notice of their presence and purpose before entering the house to execute the search warrant. Defendant contends that waiting only 30 to 35 seconds was unreasonable because officers knew the occupant of the house was likely to be asleep and they had no reason to make a quick entry. We conclude, however, that because the person who was at home at the time of the entry was defendant's girlfriend, and not defendant himself, the alleged knock-notice violation did not provide any basis for suppressing evidence against defendant. Therefore, the trial court did not err in denying defendant's motion to suppress.
Standard of Review
In reviewing a trial court's ruling on a motion to suppress, we defer to the trial court's findings of fact, both express and implied, if supported by [*8]  substantial evidence. However, we independently apply the pertinent legal principles to those facts to determine as a matter of law whether there has been an unreasonable search or seizure. (People v. Miranda (1993) 17 Cal.App.4th 917, 922.)
The Knock-Notice Rule
Penal Code section 1531, which applies to the execution of search warrants, provides: "The officer may break open any outer or inner door or window of a house, or any part of a house, or anything therein, to execute the warrant, if, after notice of his authority and purpose, he is refused admittance." "[A]n entry effected in violation of the provisions of this statute renders any following search and seizure unreasonable within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment." (Garcia v. Superior Court (1973) 29 Cal. App. 3d 977, 980, 106 Cal. Rptr. 98.) As the United States Supreme Court has declared, "the common-law knock and announce principle forms a part of the Fourth Amendment reasonableness inquiry." (Wilson v. Arkansas (1995) 514 U.S. 927, 930 [131 L. Ed. 2d 976, 980, 115 S. Ct. 1914].) There is no dispute in this case that the officers [*9]  seeking to search defendant's house gave notice of their authority and purpose, or that they "broke" into defendant's house within the meaning of Penal Code section 1531 when they used the key C.S. gave them to open the door. (See People v. Flores (1968) 68 Cal.2d 563, 567, 68 Cal. Rptr. 161, 440 P.2d 233 [entry by means of a key constitutes a "breaking" within the meaning of Penal Code section 1531], overruled on other grounds in People v. De Santiago (1969) 71 Cal.2d 18, 28, fn. 7, 76 Cal. Rptr. 809, 453 P.2d 353.) The issue here is whether, when the police entered the house, they had been "refused admittance."
"Section 1531 permits an officer executing a search warrant to break into the premises only if he is refused admission after announcing 'his authority and purpose.' Even where the police duly announce their identity and purpose, forcible entry is not permitted under the statute if the occupants of the premises are not first given an opportunity to surrender the premises voluntarily." (Jeter v. Superior Court (1983) 138 Cal. App. 3d 934, 937, 188 Cal. Rptr. 351, italics added.  [*10]  )
There need not be an explicit refusal of admittance before officers are entitled to enter a house to execute a search warrant. "The failure to respond within a reasonable time under the circumstances may constitute a refusal within the meaning of the statute." (People v. Gallo (1981) 127 Cal. App. 3d 828, 838, 179 Cal. Rptr. 662.) "There is no convenient test for measuring the length of time necessary to support an implied refusal." (People v. Neer (1986) 177 Cal. App. 3d 991, 996, 223 Cal. Rptr. 555.) "[T]he test is whether 'the circumstances were such as would convince a reasonable man that permission to enter had been refused.'" (United States v. Bustamante-Gamez (9th Cir. 1973) 488 F.2d 4, 11, quoting McClure v. United States (9th Cir. 1964) 332 F.2d 19, 22; see also People v. Neer, supra, 177 Cal. App. 3d at p. 996 [question is whether there are "specific facts, such as shouting or running, to support an objectively reasonable belief the occupants had refused entry"].)
Defendant's Right to Raise the Alleged Knock-Notice Violation
Because it was Deborah S., not [*11]  defendant, who was at home when the police allegedly entered the house without waiting to be refused admittance, we asked the parties to brief the issue of whether defendant had "standing" to challenge the alleged failure of the police to comply with knock-notice requirements. Defendant contends the "standing" issue cannot be raised for the first time on appeal and, in any event, "a temporarily absent resident [has] 'standing' to object to an unannounced entry into the premises." The People contend that phrasing the issue in terms of "standing" "only confuses the analysis." According to the People, "the pertinent inquiry is whether this particular search . . . was reasonable as to defendant, an absent resident with no ownership interest in the property." n1
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
n1 The record of the suppression hearing is actually silent as to whether defendant had an ownership interest in the house. Deborah S. testified the mortgage on the house was in her name, and she qualified for the mortgage based on her income alone. While this evidence supports the inference that Deborah S. alone owned the house, it does not compel that conclusion. In any event, for reasons set forth below, the ownership issue is irrelevant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - [*12]
For the reasons set forth below, we conclude that because the alleged knock-notice violation in this case was not a violation of defendant's Fourth Amendment rights, his motion to suppress was properly denied.
"'Fourth Amendment rights are personal rights which . . . may not be vicariously asserted.'" (Rakas v. Illinois (1978) 439 U.S. 128, 133-134 [58 L. Ed. 2d 387, 394, 99 S. Ct. 421], quoting Alderman v. United States (1969) 394 U.S. 165, 174 [22 L. Ed. 2d 176, 187, 89 S. Ct. 961].) "[S]ince the exclusionary rule is an attempt to effectuate the guarantees of the Fourth Amendment [citation], it is proper to permit only defendants whose Fourth Amendment rights have been violated to benefit from the rule's protections." (Rakas, at p. 134 [58 L. Ed. 2d. at p. 395].) Thus, the question in a case such as this is "whether the challenged search . . . violated the Fourth Amendment rights of [the] criminal defendant who seeks to exclude the evidence obtained during [the search]. That inquiry in turn requires a determination of whether the disputed search and seizure has infringed an interest of the defendant which the [*13]  Fourth Amendment was designed to protect." (Id. at p. 140 [58 L. Ed. 2d. at p. 399].)
With the question before us properly framed, we reject defendant's assertion that the issue cannot be raised for the first time on appeal. The issue we confront -- whether the challenged search violated defendant's Fourth Amendment rights -- is not new; it is the fundamental issue presented by defendant's motion to suppress. Subdivision (a)(1)(B)(iv) of Penal Code section 1538.5 authorizes a defendant to "move . . . to suppress as evidence any tangible or intangible thing obtained as a result of a search or seizure" when "[t]he search or seizure with a warrant was unreasonable because . . . [P] [t]he method of execution of the warrant violated federal or state constitutional standards." As the moving party, it was defendant's burden to prove the police entry violated his constitutional rights. (See People v. Moreno (1992) 2 Cal.App.4th 577, 582.) If he failed to carry this burden, then the motion to suppress was properly denied, regardless of the reason for the trial court's ruling. "'"No rule of decision is better or more firmly [*14]  established by authority, nor one resting upon a sounder basis of reason and propriety, than that a ruling or decision, itself correct in law, will not be disturbed on appeal merely because given for a wrong reason. If right upon any theory of the law applicable to the case, it must be sustained regardless of the considerations which may have moved the trial court to its conclusion." [Citation.]'" (People v. Zapien (1993) 4 Cal.4th 929, 976, 846 P.2d 704, quoting D'Amico v. Board of Medical Examiners (1974) 11 Cal.3d 1, 19, 112 Cal. Rptr. 786, 520 P.2d 10.)
Under the foregoing rule, "a respondent [on appeal] may assert a new theory to establish that an order was correct on that theory 'unless doing so would unfairly prejudice appellant by depriving him or her of the opportunity to litigate an issue of fact.'" (Bailon v. Appellate Division (2002) 98 Cal.App.4th 1331, 1339.) Relying on this exception, defendant contends "this court does not have all the facts necessary to make a determination as to whether [he] lacked 'standing' to object to the failure of the police to comply with knock-and-announce rules" [*15]  because "trial counsel was not put on notice of the 'standing' issue so as to be able to develop whether [defendant] was within earshot or 'eyeshot' of the We disagree. In his written motion to suppress, defendant vaguely asserted that the police entry into the house violated knock-notice requirements because police entered "without giving adequate notice to the resident therein." In its written opposition to the motion, the prosecution asserted the search occurred "while the defendant was at work" and while Deborah S. was at home. At the subsequent hearing, defendant offered no evidence to dispute the assertion that he was at work. Instead, defendant's motion was premised on the ground that police did not give Deborah S., the "sleeping occupant [who] they knew or should have known was present in that home and asleep time to get down and answer the door." Furthermore, the evidence showed that from the time she arrived home from work at about 8:30 a.m. until 9:43. a.m., when she started to get ready for bed, Deborah S. received several telephone calls from defendant -- suggesting he was nowhere near the house. Under these circumstances, defendant's belated suggestion [*16]  that he might have been able to prove he was "within earshot or 'eyeshot' of the home" when the police arrived about 11:30 that morning does not persuade us that defendant was denied a fair opportunity "to develop the pertinent facts" before the trial court.
Having concluded the issue is properly before us, we turn to the question of whether defendant's Fourth Amendment rights were violated by the police conduct in this case.
Four primary reasons underlie the knock-notice rule in California: "'"(1) The protection of the privacy of the individual in his home [citations]; (2) the protection of innocent persons who may also be present on the premises . . . [citation]; (3) the prevention of situations which are conducive to violent confrontations between the occupant and individuals who enter his home without proper notice [citations]; and (4) the protection of police who might be injured by a startled and fearful householder."'" (People v. Hoag (2000) 83 Cal.App.4th 1198, 1203.) Additionally, the privacy interest underlying the knock-notice rule has several aspects. "First, [the knock-notice rule] protects the homeowner from the outrage of having his ' [*17]  castle' suddenly and violently broken into. [Citations.] . . . [P] Second, the rule may prevent embarrassing circumstances resulting from the unexpected exposure of private activities. [Citations.]" (United States v. Bustamante-Gamez, supra, 488 F.2d at pp. 11-12.) Third, because officers must wait to be refused admittance even under circumstances where immediate entry will not require the destruction of property, the "refused admittance" aspect of the knock-notice rule gives the homeowner an opportunity to consent to the entry of his or her home, rather than suffering the indignity of having law enforcement officers both enter and search without his or her permission. n2
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
n2 By referring to the homeowner's consent, we do not mean to suggest that the search pursuant to the warrant is transformed into a search pursuant to the homeowner's consent. The consent to which we refer is the homeowner's consent -- or rather, his opportunity to consent -- to the officers' entry to the property not to the search of it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - [*18]
As we have explained, the alleged knock-notice violation here was the failure of police to wait a reasonable time before entering the house. Assuming for the sake of argument the police did not wait a sufficient amount of time, and their premature entry into the house infringed on the privacy interests protected by the knock-notice rule, those interests were not those of defendant, because he was not home at the time and therefore was in no position either to be embarrassed by a premature entry or to let the police into the house in response to their demand. The only occupant of the house at the time of the search was Deborah S. The infringement on Deborah's rights to avoid embarrassing circumstances and to have a reasonable opportunity to let the police in, however, provides no basis for the suppression of evidence to be used against defendant. To successfully suppress evidence against him, defendant had to show that his Fourth Amendment rights were violated by the actions of the police. He failed to do so.
We note that our conclusion is at odds with the conclusion in People v. Hoag on the same point. In Hoag, the court noted the rule that a defendant moving [*19]  to suppress evidence "may not vicariously challenge the alleged violation of another's interests." (People v. Hoag, supra, 83 Cal.App.4th at p. 1203.) Nonetheless, under circumstances similar to those in this case, n3 the court concluded that the defendant, who was not home at the time of the police entry, had the right to challenge the alleged knock-notice violation that occurred in his absence. (Id. at pp. 1203-1207.) The court based its conclusion on the defendant's "personal interest in the safety of the mother of his child, who was present when the officers entered his residence," and on the defendant's "right to be protected from the unnecessary destruction of his property." (Id. at p. 1205.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
N3 In Hoag, sheriff's deputies served a search warrant on the defendant's home one evening while he was away. (People v. Hoag, supra, 83 Cal.App.4th at p. 1202.) A deputy knocked and announced, "'Sheriff's Department, search warrant, we demand entry.'" (Ibid.) After hearing no response following a second knock and announcement, a second deputy turned the door handle and the deputies entered. (Ibid.) The entry occurred approximately 15 to 20 seconds after the deputies' first knock. (Ibid.) Deputies found the defendant's fiance inside studying. (Id. at pp. 1201-1202.) They searched the residence and found marijuana in the garage. (Id. at p. 1202.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - [*20]
We disagree with the Hoag court that the right to be protected from the unnecessary destruction of property provides a basis for a suppression motion based on a knock-notice violation where no such destruction occurs. To the extent knock-notice requirements protect a homeowner's right to avoid the unnecessary destruction of his property, that right is not even implicated -- let alone infringed -- when police entry occurs through an unlocked door (as in Hoag) or, as here, through a locked door opened with a key. Of course, such an entry may infringe the homeowner's right to privacy, or some other interest protected by knock-notice requirements. If that is the case, however, then the analysis properly focuses on whether the infringement of those other interests justifies the suppression of evidence. We can perceive no valid basis for holding that a person whose property is not damaged in the slightest by a premature entry in violation of knock-notice requirements is nonetheless entitled to the suppression of evidence seized following the entry because one of the purposes of knock-notice requirements in the abstract is the protection against the unnecessary destruction of property. [*21]
We find the decision of the Arizona Court of Appeals in State v. Papineau (1985) 146 Ariz. 272 [705 P.2d 949] persuasive on this point. In Papineau, "officers waited five to ten seconds after knocking and announcing before entering, and . . . they entered [through an unlocked door] only after hearing 'rustling' movements within," while the defendant was not home. (Id. at p. 950.) In concluding the defendant had no "standing" to assert  "Only one whose own rights have been violated may seek the remedy of exclusion. [Citation.] 'The right which knock and announce rules provide occupants is the right to be warned that their privacy is about to be legally invaded.' [Citation.] Also important are avoidance of violent confrontations attendant to unannounced entries, prevention of destruction of property, and preventing unexpected exposure of private activities. [Citations.] Entry through an unlocked door involves no destruction of property. While those present may have felt their privacy unjustifiably invaded and while the entry may have heightened the risk of violent confrontation, only [*22]  those present would have rights that would be violated. One not present at the entry would lose nothing. No rights of the defendant having been invaded, he has no standing to assert the illegality of the entry." (Id. at pp. 950-951, italics omitted.)
As we have noted, the question in a case such as this is "whether the disputed search and seizure has infringed on an interest of the defendant which the Fourth Amendment was designed to protect." (Rakas v. Illinois, supra, 439 U.S. at p. 140 [58 L. Ed. 2d. at p. 399].) An entry that does not destroy any property does not infringe on the defendant's right to avoid the unnecessary destruction of his property. Therefore, if such an entry is to provide a basis for the suppression of evidence, suppression can be justified only because the entry infringed on some other interest protected by knock-notice requirements.
We also disagree with the Hoag court's conclusion that an absent defendant's "personal interest in the safety of [another] who was present when the officers entered his residence" provides a valid basis for a suppression motion based on a knock-notice violation. (People v. Hoag, supra, 83 Cal.App.4th at p. 1205.) [*23]  In reaching that conclusion, the Hoag court relied on the decision of the Arkansas Supreme Court in Mazepink v. State (1999) 336 Ark. 171 [987 S.W.2d 648]. In Mazepink, the court concluded that because "at least one person was present to comply with the officers' request for entry so that they could execute their search warrant," "[i]t seems irrelevant . . . that Mazepink was not actually present at the time of entry; his standing to seek exclusion of the evidence obtained after the search is grounded in his right to exclude others and to be free from illegal police invasion of his privacy in his residence. Furthermore, Mazepink's legitimate expectation of privacy in his residence encompasses the right to expect not only privacy for himself, but for his family and invitees, including his live-in girlfriend . . . and her daughter." (Id. at p. 652.) Thus, the Mazepink court concluded that the defendant's legitimate expectation of privacy for himself and for his family and invitees in his home gave him the right to assert that a knock-notice violation that occurred in his absence violated his Fourth Amendment rights.
In support of its conclusion,  [*24]  the Mazepink court cited the United States Supreme Court's decision in Alderman v. United States, supra, 394 U.S. 165, 179, fn. 11 [22 L. Ed. 2d at p. 190]. (Mazepink v. State, supra, 987 S.W.2d at p. 652.) Alderman, however, did not involve a knock-notice violation, but instead involved illegal electronic surveillance. In Alderman, the court reiterated that "Fourth Amendment rights are personal rights which, like some other constitutional rights, may not be vicariously asserted," and went on to conclude that a defendant "would be entitled to the suppression of government evidence originating in electronic surveillance violative of his own Fourth Amendment right to be free of unreasonable searches and seizures . . . if the United States unlawfully overheard conversations of [the defendant] himself or conversations occurring on his premises, whether or not he was present or participated in those conversations." (Alderman v. United States, supra, 394 U.S. at pp. 174, 176 [22 L. Ed. 2d at pp. 187-188].) The court explained that the defendant's presence was not necessary to render the electronic surveillance [*25]  a violation of his Fourth Amendment rights because "[t]he rights of the owner of the premises are as clearly invaded when the police [illegally] enter and install a listening device in his house as they are when the entry is made to undertake a warrantless search for tangible property; and the prosecution as surely employs the fruits of an illegal search of the home when it offers overheard third-party conversations as it does when it introduces tangible evidence belonging not to the homeowner, but to others." (Id. at pp. 179-180 [22 L. Ed. 2d at p. That the Fourth Amendment protects a person against the unlawful electronic surveillance of his house, even when he is absent, does not mean, as the Mazepink court concluded, that the person has "the right to expect . . . privacy . . . for his family and invitees," (Mazepink v. State, supra, 987 S.W.2d at p. 652) such that a knock-notice violation that occurs in the person's absence necessarily constitutes a violation of his Fourth Amendment rights. Again, we point out that the pertinent question in a case such as this is "whether the disputed search and seizure has infringed [*26]  an interest of the defendant which the Fourth Amendment was designed to protect." (Rakas v. Illinois, supra, 439 U.S. at p. 140 [58 L. Ed. 2d at p. 399], italics added.) The court in Alderman did not hold that a defendant has a legitimate interest in the privacy of others present in his house. Rather, the court held that unlawful electronic surveillance of a house violates the homeowner's legitimate right to privacy in his own house, even when the "fruit" of the unlawful search is a conversation that occurs between two other people when the homeowner is not even home.
Furthermore, the legitimate expectation of privacy a person has for himself in his own house -- which was the interest at issue in Alderman -- is not implicated by a knock-notice violation that occurs when the person is absent. The Alaska Court of Appeals offered a cogent explanation of this point in State v. Johnson (Alaska.Ct.App. 1986) 716 P.2d 1006. In Johnson, the appellate court concluded the trial court had erred in suppressing evidence against two defendants (Robert Johnson and Michael Davey) who were not present when the knock-notice violation occurred.  [*27]  (Id. at p. 1010.) In explaining its conclusion, the court noted "the purposes of knock and announce requirements [are] as follows: [P] '(1) to protect the occupant's right to privacy . . .; (2) to safeguard the police who might be mistaken for prowlers and be shot . . .; and (3) to protect other persons who might be injured by violent resistance to unannounced entries. . . .'" (Id. at p. 1009, quoting Davis v. State (Alaska 1974) 525 P.2d 541, 544-545.) The court then explained: "Since Johnson and Michael Davey were not present, they were not vulnerable to injury as a result of any violent resistance [the occupant] might have interposed to the officers' entry. Johnson and Michael Davey had the same interest as any other citizen in preventing injury to the police officers. Thus, if the knock and announce rules were intended to protect them, it must be because of the first purpose announced in Davis, protection of the occupant's right to privacy. We assume, for purposes of this case, that Robert Johnson and Michael Davey had privacy interests protected by the fourth amendment in materials stored on the premises. Johnson argues [*28]  that this privacy interest is identical to the privacy interest protected by the knock and announce rules. We disagree. As the Oregon Supreme Court pointed out in State v. Valentine, 264 Or. 54, 504 P.2d 84 (1972), cert. denied, 412 U.S. 948, 93 S. Ct. 3001, 37 L. Ed. 2d 1000 (1973), 'The only right of privacy protected by the announcement requirement is the right to know who is entering, why he is entering, and a few seconds to prepare for his entry.' Id. at 87. The knock and announce rules are not intended to protect an absent co-tenant's possessory and privacy interests in items stored on the premises. The requirement that the police obtain a warrant and limit their search to the scope of the warrant protects these interests. Consequently, since the knock and announce rules were not enacted to protect the rights of those who are not present when a warrant is executed, it necessarily follows that they cannot complain of a violation of those rules." (State v. Johnson, supra, 716 P.2d at pp. 1009-1010.)
Johnson illustrates the proposition that the privacy interests infringed by a knock-notice violation are not [*29]  the same as the privacy interest infringed by an invalid search that should not have occurred at all. In determining whether a knock-notice violation warrants the suppression of evidence, it is critical to focus on the interests protected by knock-notice requirements and whether any of those interests belong to the defendant seeking suppression. The Mazepink court failed to do this, and the Hoag court adopted the Mazepink court's faulty reasoning. Thus, we cannot follow Hoag on this point.
In summary, we conclude the search of the house did not violate defendant's Fourth Amendment rights because defendant was not present when the police made their allegedly premature, but nondestructive, entry into the house, and therefore no interest of defendant was infringed by the entry. Accordingly, the trial court did not err in denying defendant's motion to The judgment is affirmed.
Blease, Acting P.J., and Davis, J., concurred.

@_date: 2003-11-12 11:01:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gun ownership == using it in crime, Texas court rules 
Toby Wade Beyer, Appellant Vs. State of Texas, Appellee
No. 11-02-00323-CR
COURT OF APPEALS OF TEXAS, ELEVENTH DISTRICT, EASTLAND
November 5, 2003, Filed
PRIOR HISTORY: Appeal from the 266th District of Erath County.
DISPOSITION: Affirmed.
COUNSEL: For Plaintiff or Petitioner: Andrew Ottaway, Attorney At Law, Granbury, TX.
For Defendant or Respondent: John Terrill, District Attorney, Stephenville, TX.
JUDGES: Panel consists of: Arnot, C.J., and Wright, J., and McCall, J.
OPINIONBY: TERRY McCALL
OPINION: Appellant pleaded guilty to the first degree felony offense of the manufacture of methamphetamine. The jury assessed punishment at 20 years confinement and found that appellant used or exhibited a deadly weapon during the commission of the offense. The trial court entered a deadly weapon finding in its judgment. See TEX. CODE CRIM. PRO. ANN. art. 42.12, ' 3g(a)(2) (Vernon Supp. 2003). We affirm.
In his sole point of error, appellant complains that the evidence was insufficient to support the jury's finding that he used or exhibited a deadly weapon in the commission of the offense. HN1To determine if the evidence is legally sufficient, we must review all of the evidence in the light most favorable to the verdict [*2]  and determine whether any rational trier of fact could have found the essential elements of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt. Jackson v. Virginia, 443 U.S. 307, 61 L. Ed. 2d 560, 99 S. Ct. 2781 (1979); Jackson v. State, 17 S.W.3d 664 (Tex.Cr.App.2000). To determine if the evidence is factually sufficient, we must review all of the evidence in a neutral light and determine whether the evidence supporting guilt is so weak as to render the conviction clearly wrong and manifestly unjust or whether the evidence supporting guilt, although adequate when taken alone, is so greatly outweighed by the overwhelming weight of contrary evidence as to render the conviction clearly wrong and manifestly unjust. Vasquez v. State, 67 S.W.3d 229, 236 (Tex.Cr.App.2002); Goodman v. State, 66 S.W.3d 283 (Tex.Cr.App.2001); Johnson v. State, 23 S.W.3d 1, 11 (Tex.Cr.App.2000); Cain v. State, 958 S.W.2d 404 (Tex.Cr.App.1997); Clewis v. State, 922 S.W.2d 126 (Tex.Cr.App. HN2The Court of Criminal Appeals has defined the terms "use" and "exhibit" as they are used in Article 42.12, section 3g(a)(2).  [*3]  Gale v. State, 998 S.W.2d 221, 225 (Tex.Cr.App. 1999); Patterson v. State, 769 S.W.2d 938, 941 (Tex.Cr.App.1989). The "use" of a deadly weapon during the commission of a felony offense extends to any employment of a deadly weapon, even its simple possession, if such possession facilitated the associated felony. Patterson v. State, supra. A defendant's use of a deadly weapon in the sense of protecting and facilitating his possession of a controlled substance constitutes "use" of a deadly weapon under Article 42.12, section 3g(a)(2). Gale v. State, supra; Patterson v. State, supra.
In this case, the evidence showed that law enforcement officers searched appellant's residence, pursuant to a search warrant, on December 12, 2001. Investigator Gerald Wayne Rogers of the S.T.O.P. Narcotics Task Force participated in the search. Investigator Rogers testified that, other than the officers, appellant was the only person present at the residence during the search. The officers discovered methamphetamine during the search. They also discovered a working methamphetamine laboratory in the residence and ingredients [*4]  necessary to manufacture methamphetamine.
Investigator Rogers said that appellant's residence was equipped with surveillance equipment. The officers saw their vehicles on the surveillance television in the living room to the left of the front door. The officers found a loaded sawed-off double-barreled shotgun on a couch that was near the television. Investigator Rogers said that a person sitting on the couch could watch the surveillance on the television and be ready to shoot the shotgun if anybody came in the front door. Investigator Rogers testified that, in his experience, individuals who are involved in manufacturing methamphetamine are generally well armed. Investigator Rogers said that the shotgun was a deadly weapon that was used in the commission of the offense of manufacturing the methamphetamine.
Appellant does not deny that the shotgun was a deadly weapon or that he was in possession of it. Rather; he argues that there was no evidence to support the jury's finding that his possession of the shotgun facilitated the associated felony of manufacturing methamphetamine. We disagree. Based on the evidence, a rational trier of fact could find that the shotgun facilitated appellant's [*5]  offense of manufacturing. The officers found the loaded shotgun on the couch near the surveillance television. The evidence was legally and factually sufficient to establish that appellant "used" the shotgun in the sense that it protected and facilitated his manufacturing of the methamphetamine. Gale v. State, supra; Patterson v. State, supra. Appellant's sole point of error is overruled.
The judgment of the trial court is affirmed.
TERRY McCALL

@_date: 2003-11-17 14:45:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Biting, probing questions of President Bush from WH press corps 
THE WHITE HOUSE
                         Office of the Press Secretary
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                               November 17, 2003
                           INTERVIEW OF THE PRESIDENT
                                       BY
                          TREVOR KAVANAGH OF "THE SUN"
                                The Oval Office
                               November 14, 2003
9:31 A.M. EST
     THE PRESIDENT:  Have you ever been in the Oval Office before?
     Q    Once, just once --
     THE PRESIDENT:  Okay.  The rug was designed by my wife.  Every President
gets to design his own rug.  You probably didn't know that.
     Q    Fabulous.
     THE PRESIDENT:  I wanted mine -- mine was designed by my wife, Laura.  And
I wanted people to have a sense of optimism  when they came in here, that this
is a guy who kind of sees a better world, not a worse world.  Sometimes the Oval
can be foreboding, and I wanted it to be cheery.  So I hope you felt that.
     This is called, "A Charge To Keep," it's based upon a Methodist hymn.  One
of America's great imports from England was John Wesley.  And it talks about
serving something greater than yourself, which speaks to my own personal faith;
as a President, it speaks to my need to capture the spirit of America and call
on people to serve.  You've probably followed some of my domestic policy, but
one of the things that's important is to call on people to serve their
communities by helping neighbors who hurt.   The de Tocquevillean view of
America at that point was just, kind of, a civic fabric of loving organizations;
part of my vision, as well, is to energize them.
     The paintings of Texas.  That's kind of what my ranch looks like, by a guy
named Onderdonk, he's a Texas landscape artist.  The blue bonnets are not quite
that big.  Blair and I -- well, he's been there, and he would recognize kind of
the look, if he were here.  This is West Texas, where my wife's family was
raised.  We were both raised in West Texas, but this is farther west than where
I was raised.  It's called El Paso.  But it's a famous Texas artist and
historian who painted that.
     More Texas.  The reason I have Texas up there is it's where I'm from.  And
in this job if you can't figure out who you are -- you better know who you are
because of the pressures and the decision making process and all the noise of
politics and all that (inaudible).
     Really quickly, this is a desk given to us by Queen Victoria.  A famous
desk called the HMS Resolute, and it's wood from the Resolute.  The door was put
on by Roosevelt to cover his infirmities.  Out of the door poked John Kennedy's
son --
     Q    Oh, yes, I remember.
     THE PRESIDENT:  I chose to use this -- Ronald Reagan put the bottom on to
make the desk high so it won't bump your knees.  I love the desk.  I love its
history.  It does speak to the great relationship between America and Great
Britain, I'm sitting at a desk given to our country by Queen Victoria.
     And, finally, the Churchill bust is on loan from the Brits.  Tony Blair
knew I was a great admirer of Churchill, so here he sits, along with Lincoln and
     That's it, welcome.
     Q    Fantastic.  Thank you very much, Mr. President.  Where would you like
     THE PRESIDENT:  Sit right here, take Vice President Cheney's seat.
     Q    I'm more than a little impressed by being here and by sitting in this
     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, you know, this is a shrine to democracy and we treat
it as such.  And it's an honor to serve here.
     Q    Well, I would like to thank you on behalf of our readers for giving
them and me the time to talk to you.
     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, I'm glad you're here, thanks.
     Q    We're a very pro-American newspaper, and our readers were shocked and
deeply moved by September the 11th.  And they supported what happened
subsequently in Afghanistan, and a little more reluctantly in Iraq, but, in
fact, the majority of our readers were behind the action.
     I think what they would like to know -- we've talked with them in a way
which is quite interesting, we actually spent a weekend with about 2,000 of our
     THE PRESIDENT:  Really?  (Laughter.)  Good marketing tool.  (Laughter.)
That's interesting.
     Q    Yes.  And the one question they wanted to ask you is, is the world a
safer place after the conflict than it was before?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes, much safer.  It's safer for a couple of reasons.  One,
the free world has recognized the threat.  In order to make the world safe
you've got to actually see reality.  And the reality is that there are
cold-blooded killers who were trying to intimidate, create fear, create
hostility and to shape the will of the civilized world.
     And a lot of countries have seen the threat for what it is.  So, therefore,
step one is recognizing the problem.  Tony Blair recognizes the problem, Jose
Maria Aznar recognizes the problem, Silvio Berlusconi recognizes the problem --
clearly, the United States recognizes the problem, after all, the clearest
indication that we were at war and that the stakes had changed dramatically was
September the 11th.  After all, we were a country which was able to sit back in
our -- kind of in our geographical posture and pick and choose where a threat
might emerge and say, we may have to deal with that or we may not deal with it;
we were pretty confident that we were protected ourselves by oceans.  That
     And one of my vows to the American people is I won't forget the lessons of
September the 11th, 2001.
     Secondly, the world is safer because the actions we have taken will
ultimately strengthen multi-national institutions.  Take the theater in Iraq.
The United Nations had recognized that Saddam Hussein was a threat, they
recognized it in not one resolution, but multiple resolutions -- and, yet,
didn't do anything about it.  And, therefore, the resolutions became weak,
became just words.
     And as a result of enforcing 1441, which said that you disarm or there will
be serious consequences, now when multi-national institutions speak, hopefully,
people will take them seriously.  And in order to win the war on terror, there
needs to be alliance and cooperation.  Because these are killers that are
capable of hiding in societies, they're patient, they're lethal, they pop up and
will destroy.  And, by the way, they don't care who they destroy.  There are no
rules for these people, they will kill children just as soon as they'll kill
somebody in a military uniform.
     Thirdly, the world is safer because there is a -- and, by the way,
multi-national forum doesn't necessarily mean U.N.  It can also mean
collaborations, like the collaboration that's now taking place with North Korea
in dealing with Kim Jong-il, who is a threat to peace.  And now it's not just
the United States dealing with Kim Jong-il, it's the United States, China, South
Korea, Japan and Russia in a collaborative effort.  Or the fine work -- the
initial fine work done by the foreign ministers of Great Britain, France and
Germany in telling Iran to get rid of its nuclear ambitions.  I say "initial
fine work" because the Iranians, in the past, have had clandestine operations.
And, therefore, in order to make sure that the words that have been issued to
them are true, there must be transparency.
     Fourthly, we dealt al Qaeda.  We are tough on al Qaeda.  Now, you know,
there are key figures still looming in caves and remote regions of the world,
but we're dismantling them.  If you were to look at al Qaeda as a business
organization, middle management is no longer.  That's not to say that they're
not grooming junior executives to take over certain roles.  But we're tough and
we're on their trail and we're still hunting them down.  Make no mistake about
it.  And as a result of dismantling al Qaeda, the world is safer.
     We've also dealt with the tyrants in Afghanistan, which is an incredibly
dangerous regime -- dangerous not only to the free world because they provided
housing, training, money, safe haven -- but also they were just tortuous and
barbaric to their own people.  And in Iraq, Saddam Hussein was clearly a threat
to peace.  And we can argue about the definition of "serious consequence," and I
respect the debate, but no one can justify this man's behavior to his people.
We've discovered mass graves with over 300,000 people there, rape rooms and
torture rooms.  He is paying suiciders to go kill innocent Israelis.  He had a
weapons program as discovered -- I promise you this is going to be a short
answer, eventually; I saw you looking at the clock, your glance can't escape me.
     This is an important question.  It is the question.
     Q    Of course, absolutely.
     THE PRESIDENT:  David Kay discovered a weapons program that was in material
breach of 1441.  In other words, it was in violation of precisely what the
United Nations had asked him not to do.  Saddam Hussein, in 1991, it was assumed
that he -- his nuclear weapons program would be active in the out years and, in
fact, the inspectors discovered he's got nuclear ambitions, not only real and
active, but his program was a lot farther along than we thought.  And had he
ever developed a nuclear weapon, had he been allowed to have a nuclear weapon,
he would have been the ultimate source of international blackmail.
     And so the removal of Saddam Hussein makes the world safer.  And, as
importantly, the removal of Saddam Hussein gives the Iraqis a chance to live in
freedom, which is the ultimate -- freedom is the ultimate route to security.  I
strongly believe that free nations are peaceful nations.  Free nations are not
terrorist havens, do not become terrorist havens.  Free nations won't create
conditions of strife and resentment that breeds anxiety and terror.
     And, therefore, the world is becoming safer, is safer and will be even more
safe when Iraq becomes free.  And Iraq will be free, and it'll be peaceful.  And
we need peace and freedom in that part of the world.
     Now, there's an interesting debate going on as to whether or not people,
like the Iraqis, will ever adapt the habits of freedom.  There's kind of an
elitism that takes place -- in our country, in your country and elsewhere,
feels, well, certain people can't be free, they can't adapt the habits of
democracy.  I strongly disagree.  I strongly disagree.
     And so, yes, the world is safer and the world is more peaceful.
     Q    Okay.  That answer will resonate with our readers.  Nonetheless, there
is concern about the events, particularly in the last week or so, when things
have escalated.  I think this causes concern everywhere.  Are we going to
increase military presence there?  Are we going to pull out?  There's a fear
that --
     THE PRESIDENT:  You don't have to worry about us pulling out.
     Q    There's a famous t-shirt, slogan, which shows the American flag and
the words, "these colors don't run."  Do you stand by that?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes, absolutely.  Absolutely.  Our will is being tested.
See, the tactics of the terrorists is to kill as many innocent people as
possible and, therefore, try to shape the will of the Iraqis.  As progress is
made -- and we're making interesting progress, and I'll cite some examples in a
minute that I think are fascinating.  But as the Iraqis begin to say, wait a
minute, life can be better, and their instincts kick in about what it means to
live in a free society, the terrorists want to shake that.  They want to scare
them.  They want the police not to become police.  And we've got over 118,000
people now, Iraqi citizens in uniform beginning to conduct operations for their
own security.
     They, of course, want to kill our own soldiers, and, therefore, try to
shake the will of the American people and the President and the command
structure.  They killed those Italians.  And they were hoping that Berlusconi
would say, oh, my goodness, this is too big a fight, we'll leave.  We're not
leaving.  We're staying there to get the job done.  Of course we mourn the death
of any citizen.  But I recognize that it is -- I still remember the death, what
happened to us on September the 11th, as well.  I was there at Ground Zero right
after the attacks and I remember this kind of haze and the smells and the death
and destruction.  I'll always remember that, of course.
     And, as I've told you, I vowed not to forget the lessons.
     Q    That changed everything?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Absolutely.  Look, what changed for me was sitting on Air
Force One and getting the reports that we were under attack.  And I made up my
mind then, right then, that we didn't need a bunch of legal briefs, I didn't
need a bunch of -- you know, let's kind of hold hands and hope to get the right
answer -- we were at war and we were going to win the war.  And I still feel
that same exact determination today that I did then.
     Q    So you'll stay in Iraq even --
     THE PRESIDENT:  We will do our job.
     Q    -- after there's an interim council, a government which is --
     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes.  There's a lot of talk right now about the political
process, as there should be.  And we are interested in the Iraqis assuming more
responsibility on the political side and on the security side.  And a political
process in which the Iraqis assume more responsibility will make the security
side come together quicker, as well, in our judgment.
     And, therefore, Bremer came here, he took instructions back from me to talk
to the Governing Council to find out what is feasible when it comes to the
passing of more power to the Governing Council.  That's where we are right
     On the security side, absolutely we're there.  The goal is for Iraq to be
peaceful and free.  I understand the consequences of a free and peaceful Iraq in
the midst of the Middle East.  We can have the debate all day long as to whether
the Middle East will ever adapt the habits of democracy and freedom.  I think
they will, obviously; and I'm confident they will.  I like to tell people in
this country, freedom is not America's gift to the world, freedom is not Great
Britain's gift to the world, Freedom is the Almighty's gift to everybody in the
     Q    And this is what you'll tell the demonstrators?  Or this is what you
would tell the demonstrators if you had five minutes with them?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Of course I would, absolutely.  I will say, you may
disagree with our tactics -- nobody likes war, war is my last choice -- if the
demonstrators are there as anti-war protestors; they may be there for other
reasons, as well, global trade, and I'd be glad to talk to them about that, as
well.  But in terms of war, I can understand why people are anxious about war.
I can understand why citizens in Great Britain, protestor or not, wonders about
why a President would commit to war.  Because nobody likes war.
     On the other hand, I would tell them, the skeptics and the critics, that I
have a job to protect the security of the United States of America, and that
Saddam Hussein was a security risk, as witnessed by the international community
speaking loudly on that subject 12 different times.  But I would tell those who
doubt our policy that we share a common goal, which is peace, and that free
societies are peaceful societies.  They may say, well, you can't possibly expect
a country like Iraq to be free -- and then we'd have an interesting,
philosophical debate, because I believe freedom exists in the heart of every
single human being.  It may take longer for people to accept freedom, if they've
been tortured and brutalized like Saddam Hussein did.
     Secondly, I would tell the skeptics that not only is the world more secure
as a result of the decisions we made, the Iraqi people now have a chance to live
in a society which is hopeful and optimistic, a society in which you're able to
speak your mind, a society in which you don't have to pay homage to a brutal
tyrant and his two brutal sons -- which is precisely how they had to live in the
     Q    So how do you respond to those people who were polled by the Europe
commission and found that America was alongside Iran, North Korea is the second
most powerful threat to world peace?
     THE PRESIDENT:  You just have to tell them watch what happens.  The world
is going to be more peaceful and the free world will be more secure as a result
of the decisions we've taken.
     Q    Can I ask you about the special relationship, the role the British
soldiers play in Iraq and are still playing?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Sure.
     Q    Would you like to tell me about you feel about our contribution?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes, I'll tell you about your troops.  They are well
trained, they are well motivated and they're really good at what they do.  And
our soldiers and our generals and our commanders really appreciate being
side-by-side with the Brits.  They trust them, and that's important.
     Secondly, in Basra, the Brits have brought an interesting strategy in
dealing in Basra because you have dealt in Northern Ireland.  In other words, it
was kind of a transfer of experience that has been incredibly useful and
important.  I am really proud of our -- not only our alliance, because it's
close now and I intend to keep it that way.  I've got a great personal
relationship with Tony Blair.
     Let me tell you something about him just real quick, because it relates
also to the trust of the troops.  He's a man who comes in here and he says he's
going to do something, and as I said -- as they say in Texas, you can book him
when he says he's going to do something, you can take it to the bank.  Because
every time he has said something, he has done it, and I appreciate that a lot.
It's not always the way it is in politics -- whether it be domestic or
international politics.  Sometimes they'll come and look you in the eye and say,
"Oh, don't worry, Mr. President, we're with you and behind you," and it turns
out they're way behind you, you can't find them when the heat gets on.  But
that's not the way Tony Blair is, and that's not the way the Brits' command
structure is, and that's not the way the soldiers in the field have been.
They've been tough and capable.
     And decent people.  That's the other thing about militaries, both our
militaries are full of compassionate people.  Because not only are we chasing
down people and bringing them to justice, as we say, but there are schools being
built, orphanages being opened, hospitals being supplied, thanks to
compassionate British troops, and American troops, as well, and other troops.
It speaks to the honor of our respective militaries, these are honorable people.
     Q    You're going to speak to some of the families of those who have
already died in Iraq, and also September the 11th.
     THE PRESIDENT:  Yes.
     Q    You're going to see them, I guess, on Downing Street.
     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, I'm not sure exactly where, but, you bet, I am going
to see them.
     Q    What are you going to say to them?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Well, I'm going to first of all ask for God's blessings,
because I understand how bad they hurt.  I can't imagine what it would be like
if I were a mother or a dad to have lost a child.  I'm a proud dad, it's got to
shatter a person's heart to lose a loved one.  And I will do the best I can to
provide some comfort.  I have done this here in America, as well.  It's part of
my duty as the leader of this country to comfort those who have sacrificed.
     I'll also explain to them as best as I can that the sacrifices that their
loved one has made is for a noble cause, and that's peace and freedom.  I
strongly believe that what we're doing today will make it easier for this
person's grandchild to grow up in a free world and a peaceful world.
     I'll tell you an interesting story, kind of dawned on me a while ago.  I
was talking to Prime Minister Koizumi of Japan in Tokyo -- we were having
dinner, actually.  And I kind of reflected on what it would be like -- during
our dinner, I reflected on what it would be like if America and the allies
hadn't done a good job in post-World War II, would I be sitting with a Prime
Minister of Japan, with whom I've got great relations, talking about how to deal
with Kim Jong-il and North Korea?  It's an interesting thought.
     Q    Very interesting.
     THE PRESIDENT:  Beyond that is whether or not somebody 50 years from now is
going to be sitting with a leader from Iraq, or any other country in that
region, saying, "Thank goodness George W. and Tony Blair held the line, because
I'm now able to deal with terrorist threats or potential terrorist threats with
an ally; I'm able to help bring more peace to the world."
     Presidents and Prime Ministers should never worry about their short-term
history, how they're viewed in short-term history.  There's no such thing as
short-term history, except for the musings of somebody who's not very objective
to begin with.  Because if you set big goals and work on big items, the
President or the Prime Minister won't be around to see the effects of those
policies.  And, therefore, I don't worry about the short-term history.  I think
in terms of long-term history I know what we're doing now is going to have an
effect, a positive effect on this world.
     Q    Can I just backtrack a little?
     THE PRESIDENT:  Sure.
     Q    You were talking earlier about the contributions countries like
Britain and Italy have made and others.
     THE PRESIDENT:  Spain, Poland, a lot of people.
     Q    You didn't mention France and Germany in that -- you seem very
critical of France.
     THE PRESIDENT:  Look, my attitude is the past is there, it's past, and now
let's go on.  I'll tell you one example of why that attitude is important, and
that is Germany's contribution in Afghanistan.  And it's a positive contribution

@_date: 2003-11-18 11:01:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PELOSI and DASCHLE--Photo Op/Meeting with Seniors on Medicare 
Exciting. My camera is already charged up and ready to go.

@_date: 2003-11-18 12:29:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
timcmay on Tue, Nov 11, 2003 at 09:01:00PM -0800
References: <53b5b1051cb213d8579fdafc02595be8
  <35B20BC1-14CD-11D8-9E9D-000A956B4C74
This is sound advice of course, as is the point about not inviting
federal police into your home.
When I was served with the Carl Johnson subpoena, I had had a party
the night before and one fellow (a 20something sysadmin from
Baltimore) was asleep on the couch in the front room. At the sound of
the doorbell, he opened the door and let the federal process server
into the front hallway. Moral of this story is to make sure your
houseguests know your house rules.
Even if you don't have a lawyer on retainer, and I suspect few folks
here do, saying you need to consult with one will provide you with
time to give the local ACLU affiliate a call. Also law school legal
clinics can be useful sources of free advice in a pinch.

@_date: 2003-11-19 11:38:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued photo ID 
PRESS GUIDANCE
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2003
ATTORNEY GENERAL
WASHINGTON, D.C.- Attorney General John Ashcroft will deliver welcoming remarks at the Department of Justice Fallfest at 11:10 A.M. EST.  Local farmers will offer herbs, jams, baked goods, and fresh-from-the-farm seasonal vegetables for purchase.  CFC charities that work to reduce hunger in our community will be present.  There will be no questions and answers.
     		WHO:		Attorney General Ashcroft
   		WHAT: 	Remarks at the Department of Justice Fallfest	
   		WHEN:	11:10 A.M. EST
NOTE: Media must enter the Department at the center entrance on Constitution Avenue, N.W., between Ninth and Tenth Street.  ALL media MUST PRESENT GOVERNMENT-ISSUED PHOTO ID (such as driver's license) as well as VALID MEDIA CREDENTIALS.  A mult-box will be available.  Press inquiries regarding logistics should be directed to Heather Cutchens at (202) 532-5403.
Attorney General John Ashcroft will hold a photo-op with Solicitor General of Canada Wayne Easter at 12:00 P.M. EST.  There will be no questions and

@_date: 2003-11-19 15:17:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 9th Cir. lets prisoners get books, rejects "encrypted" claim 
TODD LEWIS ASHKER, Plaintiff-Appellee, v. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS; JAMES GOMEZ; G. BONNIE GARIBAY; S. BONACCORSO; M. JENSEN; S. CAMBRA; S. STEINBERG, M.D.; WINSLOW; DR. ASTORGA; C. GOLLIHAR; S. RICCI, M.T.A.; K. BUTCHER; B. PATTON; M. BILLINGTON; B. GRINSTEAD; JOE MCGRATH, Warden, Defendants-Appellants.
No. 02-17077
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
October 7, 2003, Argued and Submitted, San Francisco, California
November 18, 2003, Filed
PRIOR HISTORY:  [*1]  Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. D.C. No. CV 97-1109 CW. Claudia Wilken, District Judge, Presiding.
TASHIMA, Circuit Judge:
Defendants-Appellants, the California Department of Corrections and various prison officials (collectively, "CDC"), appeal an order of the district court granting summary judgment in favor of Plaintiff-Appellee, Todd Lewis Ashker, and issuing a permanent injunction against CDC. Ashker, a state prisoner housed in the Security Housing Unit ("SHU") at Pelican Bay State Prison ("PBSP"), challenged a prison policy requiring books and magazines mailed to the prison to have an approved vendor label affixed to [*2]  the package. In a published opinion, the district court granted summary judgment in favor of Ashker because the policy unreasonably burdened Ashker's First Amendment rights and was not rationally related to a legitimate penological objective. Ashker v. Cal. Dep't of Corr., 224 F. Supp. 2d 1253, 1262 (N.D. Cal. 2002). The court further held that Ashker was entitled to injunctive relief and issued a permanent injunction enjoining PBSP from enforcing the book label requirement. Id. at 1263-64. Our jurisdiction is pursuant to 28 U.S.C. '' 1291 and 1292(a). n1 We affirm.
Glen Rodman, a sergeant at PBSP in Receiving and Release ("R&R"), explained that the majority of SHU inmates are involved in gang activity and are therefore likely to receive contraband in the mail, such as books containing drugs or encrypted with gang messages. All items received by PBSP are inspected for contraband and may further be inspected by a fluoroscope machine. Because such machines cannot detect encrypted material, the book label requirement is an additional security measure designed "to help ensure that reading material comes directly from the vendor, as opposed to passing through an unknown third party." According to Rodman, "an additional purpose served by the book label requirement is to reduce the amount of material that is required to be individually screened by" the three R&R staff members who are responsible for tracking the mail, searching it for contraband, and delivering approved materials to inmates.
We agree with the district court that the evidence submitted by both Ashker and CDC "refutes any common-sense connection between the book label policy and PBSP's legitimate goals of ensuring against contraband and providing prison safety." Ashker, 224 F. Supp. 2d at 1260. When the inmate presents such evidence, the state is required to "'present enough counter-evidence to show that the connection is not so remote as to render the policy arbitrary or irrational.'" Prison Legal News, 238 F.3d at 1150 (quoting Frost, 197 F.3d at 357). CDC has failed to do so.
First, CDC already [*12]  requires that books be sent directly from approved vendors. As the district court reasoned, prison staff can easily determine whether packages have been sent directly by vendors or have been sent to a third party first by checking address labels and invoices. See Ashker, 224 F. Supp. 2d at 1261. If the package had been sent to a third party, who then sent the package to the prisoner, the vendor's address label and invoice would indicate that fact. Requiring R&R staff to check the address label seems no more burdensome than requiring them to check for the vendor label and the vendor stamp in the appropriate box on the label. CDC has presented no evidence or argument to refute this reasoning.
Second, all personal property received by inmates in the mail is searched prior to delivery. CDC contends that these searches are not always effective, pointing out that contraband has been missed due to human error. However, "CDC [has] articulated no scenario in which the book label policy provides a measure of security not afforded by these routine and mandatory searches." Id. CDC further argues that the fluoroscope machine does not detect weapons or encrypted messages.  [*13]  That the lack of a book label can act as a sort of "red flag," alerting prison staff to books sent by non-vendors when their routine search may have missed this fact may be a legitimate concern, but it is a concern that is quite lacking in substantial evidentiary support. The district court pointed out that Sergeant Rodman "provided absolutely no specific facts regarding the alleged incident" in which drugs escaped the detection of the fluoroscope machine, id., and, on appeal, CDC has pointed to no evidence in the record regarding the efficacy of the book label policy.
Finally, at least with respect to contraband, there is no rational basis for CDC to impose an approved vendor label requirement on books, but not on tennis shoes, thermal clothing, or appliances. CDC has made no effort to explain why books are more susceptible to being used to deliver contraband than other items. "Common sense would dictate that PBSP's concern would extend to such items." Id. at 1262. Because the book label policy fails the first Turner factor, we do not address the other factors. n4 Morrison, 261 F.3d at 901.

@_date: 2003-11-19 20:37:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: 9th Cir. lets prisoners get books, rejects "encrypted" 
rah on Wed, Nov 19, 2003 at 05:31:24PM -0500
References: <6.0.0.22.2.20031119151624.02116a30
Yeah, I need to find a better way to strip those internal links
when forwarding.

@_date: 2003-11-19 20:42:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Freedomphone 
s.schear on Wed, Nov 19, 2003 at 12:59:36PM -0800
References: <20031119135757.GB60803
  <5.2.1.1.0.20031119125744.06ad0ff8
FYI I did a Q&A with the Skype folks when I was in Stockholm last month
that mostly focuses on privacy; it should be up on News.com within
the week. --Declan

@_date: 2003-11-21 15:00:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Congress about to pass anti-spam bill -- the details 
' 1037.
(a) IN GENERAL.Whoever, in or affecting inter- 23
state or foreign commerce, knowingly 24
November 21, 2003 (2:42 p.m.)
(1) accesses a protected computer without au- 1
thorization, and intentionally initiates the trans- 2
mission of multiple commercial electronic mail mes- 3
sages from or through such computer, 4
(2) uses a protected computer to relay or re- 5
transmit multiple commercial electronic mail mes- 6
sages, with the intent to deceive or mislead recipi- 7
ents, or any Internet access service, as to the origin 8
of such messages, 9
(3) materially falsifies header information in 10
multiple commercial electronic mail messages and in- 11
tentionally initiates the transmission of such mes- 12
sages, 13
(4) registers, using information that materially 14
falsifies the identity of the actual registrant, for 5 15
or more electronic mail accounts or online user ac- 16
counts or 2 or more domain names, and inten- 17
tionally initiates the transmission of multiple com- 18
mercial electronic mail messages from any combina- 19
tion of such accounts or domain names, or 20
(5) falsely represents oneself to be the reg- 21
istrant or the legitimate successor in interest to the 22
registrant of 5 or more Internet protocol addresses, 23
and intentionally initiates the transmission of mul- 24
November 21, 2003 (2:42 p.m.)
tiple commercial electronic mail messages from such 1
addresses, 2
or conspires to do so, shall be punished as provided in 3
subsection (b). 4
(b) PENALTIES.The punishment for an offense 5
under subsection (a) is 6
(1) a fine under this title, imprisonment for 7
not more than 5 years, or both, if 8
(A) the offense is committed in further- 9
ance of any felony under the laws of the United 10
States or of any State; or 11
(B) the defendant has previously been 12
convicted under this section or section 1030, or 13
under the law of any State for conduct involv- 14
ing the transmission of multiple commercial 15
electronic mail messages or unauthorized access 16
to a computer system; 17
(2) a fine under this title, imprisonment for 18
not more than 3 years, or both, if 19
(A) the offense is an offense under sub- 20
section (a)(1); 21

@_date: 2003-11-25 09:03:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Appeals court OKs no-knock warrant as perfectly appropriate 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Plaintiff-Appellee, v. ROBERT JUNIOR WARDRICK, No. 02-4494
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
September 24, 2003, Argued
November 20, 2003, Decided
OUTCOME: Defendant's convictions and sentence were affirmed.
As Judge Widener has recently recognized, the knock and announce requirement serves three purposes: "(1) protecting the safety of occupants of a dwelling and the police by reducing violence; (2) preventing the destruction of property; and (3) protecting the privacy of occupants." United States v. Dunnock, 295 F.3d 431, 434 (4th Cir. 2002) (quoting Bonner v. Anderson, 81 F.3d 472, 475 (4th Cir. 1996)).
We have recognized that, HN6[]under appropriate exigent circumstances, strict compliance with the knock and announce requirement may be excused. United States v. Grogins, 163 F.3d 795, 797 (4th Cir. 1998) (holding no-knock entry justified where officers had reasonable suspicion that entering drug "stash house" would be dangerous and drug dealer frequenting house could not be found elsewhere). When the authorities "have a reasonable suspicion that knocking and announcing their presence ...would be dangerous or futile, or that it would inhibit the effective investigation of []crime by, for example, allowing the destruction of the evidence," an entry without knocking [*13]  is justified. Richards, 520 U.S. at 394; see also United States v. Ramirez, 523 U.S. 65, 140 L. Ed. 2d 191, 118 S. Ct. 992 (1998) (upholding no-knock entry where suspect had violent past, access to weapons, and vowed not to do "federal time").
In this situation, the state court judge made a specific determination that the circumstances explained in the Overfield Affidavit justified the issuance of a no-knock search warrant. As the Overfield Affidavit recounts, Wardrick had a violent criminal history, including a battery conviction stemming from resisting arrest. Moreover, the affidavit suggested that Wardrick, a convicted felon, illegally possessed firearms. Indeed, Wardrick had threatened, in the presence of Det. Overfield, that he always carried a loaded gun and that he "never missed." Lastly, Det. Overfield reasonably believed that Wardrick would be present when the warrant was executed. As the Overfield Affidavit reflects, several records indicated that 1808 Division Street was Wardrick's primary residence, and two automobiles registered in his name had been parked outside the residence only days before the search warrant was secured.
Based on [*14]  our review of the Overfield Affidavit, we agree with the district court that it was reasonable for Det. Overfield and the state court to believe that execution of the search warrant would be dangerous. See Ker v. California, 374 U.S. 23, 40-41 n. 12, 10 L. Ed. 2d 726, 83 S. Ct. 1623 (1963) HN7[](determining lawfulness of entry depends on "what the officers had reason to believe at the time of their entry") (emphasis in original). In such circumstances, the issuance of the no-knock search warrant was justified, and the district court did not err in declining to suppress the evidence on this basis.

@_date: 2003-10-30 21:00:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: LOC DMCA Exemptions Posted 
billy on Tue, Oct 28, 2003 at 04:45:30PM -0500
References: <20031028214530.GA2950
I believe the previous LoC rulemaking exemption already permitted
the decryption of blocking sw blacklists. No change here.

@_date: 2003-09-24 11:57:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
References: <20030924133039.34929.qmail
Or restrict political spam.
Fat chance.

@_date: 2004-04-01 14:24:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, 
CC: politech at politechbot.com
Last year I found it almost impossible to adopt a kitten or cat that
didn't have an RFID tag implanted under its skin.  The city animal
shelter and the SPCA both "chip" all their animals -- and pet
hospitals who offer adoption get all their pets from these shelters.
The people we spoke with in the shelters were confused by our
opposition to their "safe, sane, and humane" policy of RFID-tracking
every animal that came within chip-gun range of them.  When a cat is
lost, they scan 'em like a bag of potato chips, pull 'em up in the
database, and call their owner.
Eventually by reading the bulletin boards in pet stores, we found a
local Mexican family who had two litters of kittens.  They had been
born at home and never subjected to "chipping".  Our kittens are now
grown and healthy (and untracked).
I would not be a bit surprised to see bureaucrats at any level
advocating RFID tracking of the homeless.  They're already taking
blood samples of every newborn, storing them away "just in case we
ever need to check their DNA".  And giving every infant their own
Social Security Number, just to make sure they get tracked from birth
to death.  A kitten or an infant who comes to the attention of the
authorities can't tell you who they are or where they belong.  So why
not chip the homeless, who frequently can't or won't answer the same
question?  It's a fair question.  What's YOUR answer?
PS:  If Larry Hiibel had had a chip implanted in him, Deputy Dove wouldn't
have had to arrest him.  This would have saved the Supreme Court some work.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-27 12:33:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] A criticism of Gmail and a call for encryption 
References: <4087CD30.5020800 at well.com>
Good Afternoon Declan,
topic since it was announced by Google, and until recently, I was also of
the opinion that this was a simple contractual choice between the user of
Gmail and Google.
following story to illustrate his point:
it.  What was different was that he installed it with all of the advanced
features (including the tracking options, which Google goes out of their
way to make crystal clear *is* tracking software).  He reasoning was
similar to the thoughts you expressed below: he had nothing to hide, he
believed Google really was stripping identity data from their observations
of his browsing habits, and he did not mind having them "watch".
and the person who was hosting it offered to put it on a "private" (i.e.,
unlinked) page for him to grab over HTTP.  He accepted, downloaded the
document, and promptly forgot about it - until this document, which had
extremely personal information on it (personal to the person *hosting* it,
not the person retrieving it) showed up on Google a short time later.  You
see, the toolbar had seen him go to a web page that Google did not have,
and so they indexed it right away.
violate the privacy of the person who went out of his way to keep this
document private.  This person knew nothing of the toolbar, and had no
agreement with Google, yet he became the unwilling participant in Google's
web cache.
position as our friend above: they know nothing of the agreement, they are
not participants in the Gmail program - they have never agreed to allow a
third party to access *their* private thoughts and utterances, yet they
too are caught in the middle.
Gmail has some very serious privacy implications, some of which almost
definitely fall under EU privacy laws.
suggested in the essay below: encryption.  But not by Google.  Encryption
by the senders.  The Cypherpunk cries of "Encryption Everywhere" lands
smack dab in the middle of the plate here - email stays private,
regardless of Google indexing, government snooping, or end user
negligence.  Pity that people will spend thousands of hours, and millions
of dollars arguing over the best way to protect us from ourselves, but
that we won't spend five minutes learning to use a simple encryption
system that could completely erase these very issues.
Alif Terranson
sysadmin at mfn.org
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-27 19:10:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap 
Fri, Apr 23, 2004 at 05:06:44PM +0200
References:   <20040423150644.GP1026
This might have a clue. Been a while since I read it, though.

@_date: 2004-04-30 00:24:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore's horrific, 
[I always learn something from John Gilmore, and this is no exception.
Although parts of his dystopia are already true: I travel with a cell
phone, 802.1x devices, and Bluetooth devices that broadcast my identity
(to a sufficiently savvy adversary) even more efficiently than an RFID
tag would... --Declan]
-------- Original Message --------
CC: politech at politechbot.com
References: <408F2D74.8040301 at well.com>
Nice hoax.  But the opposite is more likely to come true.  Rather than
shooting RFID chips into people, people with RFID chips already in or on
them will be shot.  People with RFID chips in their clothing, books,
bags, or bodies could be targeted by "smart projectiles" that will zero
in on that particular Smart.
Today's "smart bombs" already self-guide toward laser-identified or
RF-identified or heat-identified targets.
The technical challenges involved in guiding a missile toward an RFID
chip would probably relate to the speed of the missile compared to the
range at which the RFID chip can be made to respond and the agility
with which the missile can change course.
Such a missile could probably more easily be designed to *arm* or
*trigger* its explosion when a particular RFID chip is in range.  That
way, if fired at innocents, it would be a dud that would only cause
minimal damage, but if fired at the right person, it would blow up.
But we need not get so science-fiction about it.  Rather than bring
the mountain to Mohammed, let's let Mohammed come to the mountain.
Let's see what this technology would do for an everyday practice of
today's freedom fighters who are defending their country by opposing
one of the US Government's current wars of occupation.  In order to
comply with government labeling mandates resulting from the huge
Firestone tire recall, Michelin has announced that it plans to put
RFID chips in every tire it sells to car makers (and eventually
in every tire they sell).  Similar plans are afoot for many other
automotive and personal products.
Imagine being able to bury an explosive in a roadway -- that would
only go off when a particular car drove over it.  You could bury these
bombs months in advance, in any or every major or minor roadway.  You
could change the targeting whenever you liked (e.g. via driving a
radio-equipped car over it and transmitting new instructions to it).
You could give it a whole list of cars that it would explode for, or a
set of cars and dates.
If you put such bombs throughout a metropolitan area, a car could
drive through the area for months without triggering anything --
taking evasive routes, etc.  But on the appointed day, each the bombs
surrounding the area would know to go off when that same car passed.
Without the responsible parties having to visit the sites later than
days or weeks beforehand (making them hard to catch or deter).
Such explosives would be detectable by their radio emissions -- RFID
pings.  But in a world where RFID pings are being transmitted by
everything around you, including every cellphone and doorframe and cash
register and ATM machine and camera and car and computer and palmtop
and parking meter and cop car ... you won't even notice.  Places with
"congestion pricing" like central London, or any toll road anywhere, would
even have plenty of active RFID readers buried in the roadway already.
And I'm sure the cops anywhere would love to have them for tracking
where everybody is driving -- individually.
Welcome to automated personal death.  Courtesy of RFID and leading
shortsighted global corporations, with government encouragement.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-08-02 18:00:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TERRORISTS ARE AMONG US! (Was: A close look at John Kerry's 
References: <20040802103506.A19726
  <6.0.3.0.0.20040802135046.037c2810
Thanks for the cogent post. Of course this isn't an issue that would divide the Republicrat Party. Keep reading.
House Select Committee on
Homeland Security Democrats
JIM TURNER, Ranking Member
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 2, 2004
Contact: Moira Whelan
(202) 226-8827
  Turner: The Terrorists Are Among Us
Congressman Jim Turner, Ranking Member of the Select Committee on Homeland Security, issued the following statement regarding continued terror warnings in the Northeast and the President's announcements today:
The threats on New York, New Jersey and Washington DC serve as a reminder that the terrorists are among us here at home.  We have no idea how many more are still in this country surveying our ports, chemical plants and public transportation. We must assume there are other targets beyond the 5 buildings being protected today.
The President's announcement endorsing the creation of a Director of National Intelligence is a step in the right direction, but long overdue.  The recommendation was made over 18 months ago by the Congressional Joint Inquiry.  The 9/11 Commission report makes it clear that we have not moved fast enough to protect this country and have not closed the security gaps that threaten us today.
It is critical that we move forward to provide stronger homeland security and that we do it with great haste. Our terrorist enemies will not wait, and neither can we.

@_date: 2004-08-17 19:33:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MD5 collisions? 
rah on Tue, Aug 17, 2004 at 03:09:58PM -0400
References: The last eight messages I see on cypherpunks (sorted by date, threaded)
are forwards of messages from Perry's crypto list.
Perry's list is archived publicly on the web if anyone subscribing to
cypherpunks but not his list is interested in the discussion -- so let
me humbly suggest that might be possible not to forward each message.
One is enough. Less is more. Let's eliminate redundancy, thus eliminating
-Declan "TCM" McCullagh

@_date: 2004-08-17 20:58:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MD5 collisions? 
rah on Tue, Aug 17, 2004 at 09:06:20PM -0400
References:   <20040817193308.G25888
Oh, so it was RAH who was responsible for the repeated random useless
I hadn't noticed. How uncharacteristic of him. Never would have guessed.

@_date: 2004-08-17 22:03:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MD5 collisions? 
rah on Tue, Aug 17, 2004 at 10:17:55PM -0400
References:   <20040817193308.G25888
  <20040817205827.I25888
Sigh. RAH has descended to the level of a net.kook.
Never would have guessed.

@_date: 2004-08-18 01:40:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: MD5 collisions? 
References:    <20040817193308.G25888   <20040817205827.I25888   <20040817220359.J25888   <20040818000219.C51794
Since forever. Since before either of us joined the list (and I first started reading a decade ago).
It's a matter of politeness and degree. A pointer to a discussion archived on the web is more useful than dozens of forwarded messages.
Hey, I have an idea! Why don't I write a script crossposting everything from sci.crypt to cypherpunks! How about a few dozen other "on-topic" newsgroups and mailing lists too?

@_date: 2004-02-12 18:07:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Windows source leaked? 
on Thu, Feb 12, 2004 at 06:25:25PM -0500
References: <20040212182525.B24434
Why would it? There may be some problems on the margin, but for the
most part I think it's /. silliness.

@_date: 2004-02-25 00:56:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: GPS Goes to Court 
jya on Mon, Feb 16, 2004 at 03:04:19PM -0800
References: Whatever the merits of Jim Bell's arguments, it does appear that the
Feds who snooped on him had (sadly, not-difficult-to-obtain) court
authorization.  So I don't see how this ruling would make a
difference, even if it had happened before Bell's self-immolation on
the stand and subsequent conviction. --Declan

@_date: 2004-01-05 12:47:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
jya on Wed, Dec 31, 2003 at 04:38:04AM -0800
References: <20031231060154.GL32470
  <20031231060154.GL32470
  <83EFD866-3B5D-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
Perhaps it is more thetorically satisfying? I can't speak for Tim or
his writing process. But nowhere have I ever seen him support corporate
welfare, and in fact the logical flow of his argument made in the post
to which you replied would condemn that as well.
More importantly, your claims are incorrect. Defense is $379 billion
for FY2003, while social security, income security, medicare, health,
education and other social services, community development, housing
credits, and so on total over $1358 billion. That's not counting
"international affairs" (a category I take to include foreign aid),
agriculture, transportation, and other programs of dubious necessity
that total hundreds of billions more.

@_date: 2004-01-05 12:51:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
mkalus on Wed, Dec 31, 2003 at 10:23:27AM -0500
References:   <20031231060154.GL32470
  <83EFD866-3B5D-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
  <3FF2E9EF.4020400
This is trite nonsense that is not really interesting or responsive to
Tim's claims.
Obviously voluntary trade and other forms of economic cooperation in a large
marketplace, the more global the better, is the best way to create wealth.
Corporations like Tim's former employer Intel could not exist otherwise.
But the emphasis, which you missed, is on the phrase "voluntary."

@_date: 2004-01-05 12:58:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
timcmay on Wed, Dec 31, 2003 at 12:45:51PM -0800
References: <15c.2a35ab04.2d245176
  <5226A355-3BD2-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
One of my cousins is married to a private investigator who does work
for insurance companies. Over the Christmas holiday I chatted with him
for the first time in some detail about his work.
Turns out that many people (he says) take paid disability leave from
their company to work at a temporary under-the-table job or take
legitimate disability leave and then decide they like not working so
decide to make it permanent. He sits outside their houses in a van
with tinted windows and takes video and photos of them driving to
their temp job, cleaning gutters, going for a jog, and so on -- after
they claimed they are no longer to walk.
With that evidence in hand, the employer calls them up and tells them
to be at work the next day -- or be fired. If I were the employer, I
wouldn't even give them that second chance.

@_date: 2004-01-05 14:04:55
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sources and Sinks 
from mkalus on Fri, Jan 02, 2004 at 08:07:37AM -0500
References: <42C3EB67-3CCD-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
These questions have been asked and answered decades ago, before many
list members were born. Take a look at Machinery of Freedom and Anarchy,
State, and Utopia, which offer different conclusions.

@_date: 2004-01-05 14:06:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sources and Sinks 
from mkalus on Sat, Jan 03, 2004 at 08:09:18AM -0500
References: <42C3EB67-3CCD-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
  <09E34BE8-3DEE-11D8-B1A2-000A95B18462
Nowadays, yes. But your claim is false: it used to be done frequently.
Read Dan Klein's paper on the history of California toll roads.
Do your homework before posting. Otherwise you look silly.

@_date: 2004-01-05 15:33:35
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: progress 
jamesd on Mon, Jan 05, 2004 at 12:00:24PM -0800
References:  <3FF951D8.18711.24A6EBF4
This is a welcome step, assuming the pharms are legit. We still need
some form of reputation service.
But I'm not overly optimistic (I tend not to be, in the short run). I
do not know how resistant the e-gold corporate and technical
infrastructure is to U.S. federal government targeting. If the Feds
decided e-gold needed to be shut down and took very aggressive steps,
what would happen?

@_date: 2004-01-05 17:29:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: progress 
References:  <3FF951D8.18711.24A6EBF4
  <20040105153335.G6722
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040105135129.05d977f0
Undoubtably, over a period of years, you're right.
But then you have the next wave of attacks by the U.S. regulatory apparatus (again, assuming sufficient determination). The U.S. could pressure the Panama government to close Pecunix or apply direct or indirect sanctions and incentives. The U.S. could make it more difficult for U.S. residents to transfer money into a Pecunix account, perhaps through direct criminal sanctions or regulatory discouragement. The U.S. could mount a propaganda campaign against trusting Pecunix and similar operators, and so on.
The last point might even be a valid one. Without external validation or sufficient reputation, who will trust the operators of an offshore bank not to flee with the money once they're received enough cash to make the value of the gold outweigh the possibility of prison time? I see Pecunix has a gold certificate ( posted but I do not know anything about the Anglo Far-East Bullion Company, whether they are trustworthy or in cahoots, or what contract governs Pecunix executives' access to the gold apparently in the valut.
I have no reason to doubt Pecunix's honesty and they seem to have taken some measures to respond to the obvious criticisms. I suppose my point is that I'm optimistic in the long term but pessimistic about such services becoming widely opted in the short term because of the reaction by the U.S., the OECD's FATF, and so on. In this specific case of physical drug shipments, there's always interdiction at the physical border too.

@_date: 2004-01-06 09:19:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: progress 
on Mon, Jan 05, 2004 at 04:32:33PM -0800
References: <20040105153335.G6722
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040105135129.05d977f0
  <3FF991A1.1653.25A01526
You may be right, and it's an interesting point, though partially
inconsistent with the way the Feds have worked to date. Restraint has
never been their strong suit.

@_date: 2004-01-06 14:17:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Engineers in U.S. vs. India  
Moreover, it is found out that the Americans are shying away from the challenges of math and science. A recent National Science Foundation Study reveals a 5 per cent decline in the overall doctoral candidates in the US over the last five years.
The India side story: India produces 3.1 million college graduates a year, which is expected to be doubled by 2010. The number of engineering colleges is slated to grow 50 per cent, to nearly 1,600, over the next four years.

@_date: 2004-01-13 11:20:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
on Mon, Jan 12, 2004 at 12:55:18PM -0600
References:   <6.0.1.1.2.20040109173438.02e13ec0
  <20040110180219.R98144 <1073789622.21798.1.camel
  <20040111184252.V14657
  <1073933718.1134.27.camel
I believe the fellow who put up the site took it down in the last
year, according to his lawyer, saying the purpose was served. I'm
guessing he was probably tired of dealing with all the threats
from cops as well.

@_date: 2004-07-25 11:52:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
Tue, Jul 20, 2004 at 05:10:12PM -0500
References: <017630AA6DF2DF4EBC1DD4454F8EE2971616A0
  <20040720170623.X29547
A similar parking lot about the same distance north of the runway
of Washington Reagan National (and very close to the Pentagon) along
the Potomac River off the parkway is sitll open.
It's also used for a boat launch by politically influential
Washingtonians, which might explain why it hasn't been closed. No
double standards here, of course...

@_date: 2004-07-25 12:38:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
bill.stewart on Wed, Jul 07, 2004 at 01:11:58AM -0700
References: <20040706214743.5D26657E2A
  <6.0.3.0.0.20040706223732.044b3030
FYI here's something I wrote in April... --Declan
If Google wanted to veer in a more privacy-protective direction, it
could look to the intriguing model of Vancouver, Canada-based Hush
Communications, which runs the Hushmail Web mail system. Unlike
rivals, Hush encrypts mail sent between Hush users. It uses a
Java-based technique that allows for only its intended recipient--and
not Hush employees--to decrypt a scrambled e-mail message. If a
subpoena arrives, or if a security breach ever happens, disclosure
would be limited.
Hush offers 2-megabyte-limit free accounts and pay accounts, and it
said 900,000 accounts have been created since its May 1999 launch. The
company also lets users store files in an encrypted volume and this
week plans to announce a feature that permits encrypted volumes to be
shared among multiple users.
Hush's patent No. 6,154,543 covers some aspects of encrypted
e-mail. The company said it'd happy to license it to
Google. Originally, Hush Chief Technology Officer Brian Smith said,
the patent was quite broad, but "we have narrowed the patent to apply
only to e-mail and messaging systems. The modifications were accepted
but don't yet appear" on the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's Web
True, if the archived e-mail is encrypted, Gmail won't be able to
search message bodies very efficiently, but users might be willing to
give up that feature and even pay a monthly charge in exchange for
additional security.
"We'll think about it," said Google's Rosing. "We don't have any
explicit plans right now...If someone really needs to encrypt a lot of
e-mail, maybe they should be putting that on their laptop. We're
trying to provide a service that offers some utility to our users. If
you change the service to take away all the value of the service,
you're back where you started."
Maybe. But until that happens, would-be users of Gmail or any similar
service should recognize that their so-called free e-mail comes at a

@_date: 2004-07-25 12:54:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto 
18, 2004 at 10:35:19PM -0700
References: <40FB5D97.1103F6AB
FYI from a recent trip to the NSA crypto museum:
I think that was circa 1994 (I'd have to look at the high-res image
to see the date on the brass plaque to be sure).

@_date: 2004-07-25 13:44:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mexico Atty. General gets microchipped (fwd) 
13, 2004 at 10:20:44PM -0700
References: <40F4C2AC.827EEB2D
Do you have a good cite for that? One source attributes it to George
Bush I, not Bush II.

@_date: 2004-07-28 10:17:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mexico Atty. General gets microchipped (fwd) 
justin-cypherpunks on Mon, Jul 26, 2004 at 07:16:11AM +0000
References: <40F4C2AC.827EEB2D
  <20040725134439.D2578
  <20040726071611.GC22372
Just did a Lexis-Nexis search. One early reference is a Washington Times
article on July 27, 1989:
"I don't know that atheists should be considered citizens, nor should
they be considered patriots. This is one nation under God," said
Mr. Bush, as reported in the November issue of American Atheist
A LA Times letter to the editor in July 1990:
And what the head of his party, then-Vice President George Bush, told
a Chicago airport press conference in August, 1987: "I don't know that
atheists should be considered as citizens, nor should they be
considered as patriots. This is one nation under God."
A letter to the editor to the Post-Standard (Syracuse) in March 1989:
To President Bush:I understand that you are on tape saying, "I don't
know that atheists should be considered as citizens, nor should they
be considered as patriots. This is one nation under God."
UPI April 1990:
While campaigning in 1987, President Bush was quoted by a reporter for
an Atheist publication as saying, '''I guess I'm pretty weak in the
Atheist community. My belief in God is important to me,''' O'Hair
said. ''He said, and again this is verbatim, 'I don't know if atheists
should be considered citizens. ... This is one nation under God.'''
So there's no definitive reference in the database.

@_date: 2004-03-29 13:25:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Judge dismisses John Gilmore's ID-required lawsuit [priv] 
GILMORE v. ASHCROFT
JOHN GILMORE, Plaintiff, v. JOHN ASHCROFT, in his official capacity as
Attorney General of the United States; ROBERT MUELLER, in his official
capacity as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; NORMAN
MINETA, in his official capacity as Secretary of Transportation; MARION
C. BLAKEY, as Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration;
Admiral JAMES M. LOY, in his official capacity as Acting Undersecretary
of Transportation for Security; TOM RIDGE, in his official capacity as
Chief of the Office of Homeland Security; UAL CORPORATION, aka UNITED
AIRLINES; and DOES I-XXX, Defendants.
No. C 02-3444 SI
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA
March 19, 2004, Decided
March 23, 2004, Filed
Defendants have moved to dismiss plaintiff's complaint for failure to
state a claim upon which relief can be granted. Having carefully
considered the arguments of the parties and the papers submitted, the
Court GRANTS the motions to dismiss n1 and DENIES plaintiff's request
for judicial notice.
Plaintiff John Gilmore is a California resident who is suing the United
States n2 and Southwest Airlines for refusing to allow him to board an
airplane on July 4, 2002 without either displaying a government-issued
identification consenting to a search. Plaintiff alleges that these
security requirements imposed by the United States government and
effected by the airline companies violate several of his constitutional
rights, including his rights under the First and Fourth Amendments. n3
LEGAL STANDARD
The Court may dismiss a complaint when it is not based on a cognizable
legal theory or pleads insufficient facts to support a cognizable legal
claim. Smilecare Dental Group v. Delta Dental Plan, 88 F.3d 780, 783
(9th Cir. 1996).
Plaintiff's complaint alleges that as a result of the requirement that
passengers traveling on planes show identification and his unwillingness
to comply with this requirement, he has been unable to travel by air
since September 11, 2001. Plaintiff's complaint asserts causes of action
challenging the apparent government policy that requires travelers
either to show identification or to consent to a search which involves
wanding, walking through a magnetometer or a light pat-down. Whether
this is actually the government's policy is unclear, as the policy, if
it exists, is unpublished. However, this Court for the purpose [*6]  of
evaluating plaintiff's complaint, assumes such a policy does exist, and
reviews plaintiff's complaint accordingly.
Plaintiff asserts the unconstitutionality of this policy on the
following grounds: vagueness in violation of the Due Process Clause;
violation of the right to be free from unreasonable searches and
seizures; violation of the right to freedom of association; and
violation of the right to petition the government for redress of grievances.
The federal defendants and airline defendant both brought motions to
dismiss. As plaintiffs' claims are common to both sets of defendants,
this Court treats them collectively. While there are questions about the
private defendant's liability as a state actor and about the federal
defendants' liability for the private defendant's actions, as this Court
has not found plaintiff's complaint to have alleged a constitutional
violation, those issues need not be addressed at this time.
1. Standing
As a preliminary matter, the federal defendants have objected to all of
plaintiff's claims other than plaintiff's challenges to the
identification requirement. It is unclear from plaintiff's complaint
whether he intended to plead any [*7]  other claims, but he did allude
to the "government's plan to create huge, integrated databases by
mingling criminal histories with credit records, previous travel history
and much more, in order to create dossiers on every traveling citizen,"
including creation of "no fly" watchlists. Complaint, P8. He pointed to
newspaper and magazine articles and internet websites describing various
activities and directives issued by various federal agencies, including
the increased use of the Consumer Assisted Passenger Prescreening System
("CAPPS") in the wake of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.
Complaint, PP35-50.
The federal defendants argue that "as a threshold matter, plaintiff has
standing in this action solely insofar as he challenges an alleged
federally-imposed requirement that airlines request identification as
part of the screening process at airports. The complaint is devoid of
any allegation that plaintiff personally has suffered any injury that is
fairly traceable to any other practice, procedure, or criterion that may
be used by any defendant in screening airline passengers for weapons and
explosives." Motion to Dismiss at 2:21-25.
Accordingly, to the extent that plaintiff pleads causes of action beyond
those stemming from the identification requirement, those causes of
action are DISMISSED for lack of standing or jurisdiction.
2. Plaintiff's First Cause of Action: violation of the Due Process Clause
Plaintiff alleges that the identification requirement is
"unconstitutionally vague in violation of the Due Process Clause of the
Fifth Amendment because it is vague, being unpublished, and thus
provides no way for ordinary people or reviewing courts to conclusively
determine what is legal." Complaint, P52. This claim directly attacks
the policy, regulation, order or directive requiring production of
identification at airports.
In this case, the federal defendants refuse to [*10]  concede whether a
written order or directive requiring identification exists, or if it
does, who issued it or what it says. They contend, however, that to the
extent this action challenges an order issued by the TSA or the FAA, 49
U.S.C. ' 46110(a) vests exclusive jurisdiction in the Courts of Appeals
to decide the challenge.
Because this claim squarely attacks the orders or regulations issued by
the TSA and/or the FAA with respect to airport security, this Court does
not have jurisdiction to hear the challenge. As a corollary, without
having been provided a copy of this unpublished statute or regulation,
if it exists, the Court is unable to conduct any meaningful inquiry as
to the merits of plaintiff's vagueness argument. This argument would
better be addressed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals or to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, both of which
have jurisdiction to review these matters.
3. Plaintiff's Second Cause of Action: violation of the Fourth Amendment
right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures
In plaintiffs' case, he was not required to provide identification on
pain of criminal or other governmental sanction. Identification requests
unaccompanied by detention, arrest, or any other penalty, other than the
significant inconvenience of being unable to fly, do not amount to a
seizure within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment. Plaintiff has not
suggested that he felt that he was not free to leave when he was asked
to produce [*15]  identification. None of the facts submitted by
plaintiff suggests that the request for identification implicated
plaintiff's Fourth Amendment rights. Therefore, plaintiff's claim that
the identification requirement is unreasonable does not raise a legal
dispute that this Court must decide.
3. Plaintiff's Third and Fourth Causes of Action: violation of the right
to travel protected by the Due Process Clause
However, plaintiff's allegation that his right to travel has been
violated is insufficient as a matter of law because the Constitution
does not guarantee the right to travel by any particular form of
transportation. Miller v. Reed, 176 F.3d 1202, 1205 (9th Cir. 1999)
("Burdens on a single mode of transportation do not implicate the right
to interstate travel."); Monarch Travel Serv. Assoc. Cultural Clubs,
Inc., 466 F.2d 55 2(9th Cir. 1972). The right to travel throughout the
United States confers a right to be "uninhibited by statutes, rules and
regulations which unreasonably burden or restrict this movement." Saenz
v. Roe, 526 U.S. 486, 499 (9th Cir. 1973). This Court rejects
plaintiff's argument that the request [*20]  that plaintiff either
submit to search, present identification, or presumably use another mode
of transport, is a violation of plaintiff's constitutional right to travel.
4. Plaintiff's Fourth Cause of Action: violation of the right to freedom
of association protected by the First and Fifth Amendments
Plaintiff's allegation that his right to associate freely was violated
fails because the only actions which violate this right are those which
are "direct and substantial or significant." Storm v. Town of Woodstock,
944 F. Supp. 139, 144 (N.D. N.Y. 1996). Government action which only
indirectly affects associational rights is not sufficient to state a
claim for violation of the freedom to associate. To the extent that
plaintiff alleged plans to exercise his associational rights in
Washington, D.C., the Court finds that plaintiff's rights were not
violated as plaintiff had numerous other methods of reaching Washington.
For the foregoing reasons, plaintiff's complaint is dismissed.
Plaintiff's claims against the federal defendants and Southwest Airlines
are dismissed with prejudice; plaintiff's claims against United Airlines
are dismissed without prejudice. Plaintiff's request for judicial notice
is denied. [Docket  6, 8, 10, 22, 28].
IT IS SO ORDERED.
Dated: March 19, 2004
SUSAN ILLSTON
United States District Judge
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-03-30 23:23:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
Tue, Mar 30, 2004 at 04:18:29PM -0500
References: <200403302044.i2UKi3kp029106
  <4069E425.3070407
I sent excerpts from the decision to Politech earlier this week.

@_date: 2004-03-30 23:24:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
lloyd on Tue, Mar 30, 2004 at 06:01:57PM -0500
References: <200403301822.i2UIMaKK027296
  <6.0.3.0.0.20040330110126.0412ca88
  <7D1D9F64-829A-11D8-8C1F-000A95D02140
  <20040330230157.GA31084
That is still the case. I took Amtrak NYC-DC this week.

@_date: 2004-05-18 22:31:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Here's someone who actually likes political spam [sp] 
[One quibble: I got a russospam sent to an address that I've never used.
So it's not always sent to a "real address." --Declan]
-------- Original Message --------
I'd rather have the email than the postal mail.
1) I can more easily quote it in email. If you are for the candiate or
against, this is a good thing.
2) I can save it and search it. Nothing helps keep a politican honest than
their old promises.
3) It is more cheaply stored.
4) Of course, there's always Sanford Wallace's old 'save trees' benefit.
I don't really know what the problem is with political email.  This isn't
truly unsolicited in the sense of broadcast to bogus addresses, which is a
bane to ISPs. Rather, it is broadcast to a list of real addresses.  I
think the anti-spam radicals must be succeeding in getting people
conditioned against getting email.  This is a good segue into noting that
in January, 56% of the bulk emailers fully complied with CAN-SPAM, and
90something percent partially complied.  I haven't seen more recent
statistics, but there have also been some suits against real commerical
operators who haven't complied with CAN-SPAM. So why is almost none of the
spam compliant in my email box?  Could it be that someone is just sending
abuse in the hopes that it will annoy people? (I think the answer is yes)
But, I read a book recently on "Crypto-virology", which presented the
premise that by sending a lot of email from one infected host to another
and encrypting or encoding it at each hop, it was possible to create an
anonymous communication system that the author called a "mix-net". It went
on to describe the utility of mix-nets in extortion and information theft
via virus infection.  Whether this non-commercial junk mail represents a
mix-net or not I think is a testable hypotheses.  One just needs to go
back through the viruses that have been released or captured sending junk
mail, and see if they resend messages after some encyption steps. If they
do, then a mix-net is possible. If they don't, then this is just so much
But assuming that this 'mix-net' theory is true, then it certainly means
that we need to have much more attention from law enforcement on viruses
and virus operators.  Not only will this halt extortion and information
theft, but it will halt the deluge of junk email that isn't a real
commercial offer.  My expectation has been that these non-commerical
messages coming from viruses are just anti-spammers trying to annoy people
into banning spam.  Many of these messages appear at first glance to be
commercial, and appear unlikely to be coded.  But some messages contain
random words and character strings. It had been supposed that this is to
confuse Bayesian anti-spam filters, though I doubt it, because bayesian
filters shouldn't be confused--they are trying to distinguish wanted from
unwanted, not spam from non-spam.  But there is some increasing portion of
spam that could be suspected as containing coded messages in the random
words and characters.
But this is somewhat academic, though interesting.  In either case, it is
imperative to have more law enforcement attention on viruses and virus
operators. There really isn't any question of that. And that is the road
to spam solutions.  Just ignore what the anti-spammers tell you.
Dean Anderson
Av8 Internet, Inc
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2005-04-28 12:30:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Thumbprinting visitors at the Statue of Liberty 
Previous Politech message:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-04-28 23:28:22
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: [Politech] Thumbprinting visitors at the Statue of Liberty 
References: <20050428220450.GQ25963
  <792ce43705042815373b0c5122
I doubt the machine cares which finger visitors use.  Since most people
in this country are functionally illiterate, the average visitor may
well present a thumb rather than an index finger.

@_date: 2005-08-05 12:20:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Montana Supreme Court justice warns Orwell's 1984 has 
Montana Supreme Court justice warns Orwell's 1984 has arrived
August 5, 2005 12:13 PM PDT
Believe it or not, it's perfectly legal for police to rummage through
your garbage for incriminating stuff on you -- even if they don't have a
warrant or court approval.
The Supreme Court of Montana ruled last month that police could conduct
a warrantless "trash dive" into the trash cans in the alley behind the
home of a man named Darrell Pelvit. The cops discovered pseudoephedrine
boxes -- a solvent with uses including the manufacture of
methamphetamine -- and Pelvit eventually ended up in prison.
Pelvit's attorney argued that his client had a reasonable expectation of
privacy in his trash, but the court rejected the argument and said the
trash was, well, meant to be thrown away.
What's remarkable is the concurring opinion of Montana Supreme Court
Justice James C. Nelson, who reluctantly went along with his colleagues
but warned that George Orwell's 1984 had arrived. We reproduce his
concurring opinion in full:
Justice James C. Nelson concurs.
I have signed our Opinion because we have correctly applied existing
legal theory and constitutional jurisprudence to resolve this case on
its facts.
I feel the pain of conflict, however. I fear that, eventually, we are
all going to become collateral damage in the war on drugs, or terrorism,
or whatever war is in vogue at the moment. I retain an abiding concern
that our Declaration of Rights not be killed by friendly fire. And, in
this day and age, the courts are the last, if not only, bulwark to
prevent that from happening.
In truth, though, we area throw-away society. My garbage can contains
the remains of what I eat and drink. It may contain discarded credit
card receipts along with yesterday's newspaper and junk mail. It might
hold some personal letters, bills, receipts, vouchers, medical records,
photographs and stuff that is imprinted with the multitude of assigned
numbers that allow me access to the global economy and vice versa.
My garbage can contains my DNA.
As our Opinion states, what we voluntarily throw away, what we
discard--i.e., what we abandon--is fair game for roving animals,
scavengers, busybodies, crooks and for those seeking evidence of
criminal enterprise.
Yet, as I expect with most people, when I take the day's trash (neatly
packaged in opaque plastic bags) to the garbage can each night, I give
little consideration to what I am throwing away and less thought, still,
to what might become of my refuse. I don't necessarily envision that
someone or something is going to paw through it looking for a morsel of
food, a discarded treasure, a stealable part of my identity or a piece
of evidence. But, I've seen that happen enough times to
understand--though not graciously accept--that there is nothing sacred
in whatever privacy interest I think I have retained in my trash once it
leaves my control--the Fourth Amendment and Article II, Sections 10 and
11, notwithstanding.
Like it or not, I live in a society that accepts virtual strip searches
at airports; surveillance cameras; "discount" cards that record my
buying habits; bar codes; "cookies" and spywear on my computer; on-line
access to satellite technology that can image my back yard; and
microchip radio frequency identification devices already implanted in
the family dog and soon to be integrated into my groceries, my credit
cards, my cash and my new underwear.
I know that the notes from the visit to my doctor's office may be
transcribed in some overseas country under an out-sourcing contract by a
person who couldn't care less about my privacy. I know that there are
all sorts of businesses that have records of what medications I take and
why. I know that information taken from my blood sample may wind up in
databases and be put to uses that the boilerplate on the sheaf of papers
I sign to get medical treatment doesn't even begin to disclose. I know
that my insurance companies and employer know more about me than does my
mother. I know that many aspects of my life are available on the
Internet. Even a black box in my car--or event data recorder as they are
called--is ready and willing to spill the beans on my driving habits, if
I have an event--and I really trusted that car, too.
And, I also know that my most unwelcome and paternalistic relative,
Uncle Sam, is with me from womb to tomb. Fueled by the paranoia of
"ists" and "isms," Sam has the capability of spying on everything and
everybody--and no doubt is. But, as Sam says: "It's for my own good."
In short, I know that my personal information is recorded in databases,
servers, hard drives and file cabinets all over the world. I know that
these portals to the most intimate details of my life are restricted
only by the degree of sophistication and goodwill or malevolence of the
person, institution, corporation or government that wants access to my data.
I also know that much of my life can be reconstructed from the contents
of my garbage can.
I don't like living in Orwell's 1984; but I do. And, absent the next
extinction event or civil libertarians taking charge of the government
(the former being more likely than the latter), the best we can do is
try to keep Sam and the sub-Sams on a short leash.
As our Opinion states, search and seizure jurisprudence is centered
around privacy expectations and reasonableness considerations. That is
true even under the extended protections afforded by Montana's
Constitution, Article II, Sections 10. and 11. We have ruled within
those parameters. And, as is often the case, we have had to draw a fine
line in a gray area. Justice Cotter and those who have signed the
Opinion worked hard at defining that line; and I am satisfied we've
drawn it correctly on the facts of this case and under the conventional
law of abandonment.
That said, if this Opinion is used to justify a sweep of the trash cans
of a neighborhood or community; or if a trash dive for Sudafed boxes and
matchbooks results in DNA or fingerprints being added to a forensic
database or results in personal or business records, credit card
receipts, personal correspondence or other property being archived for
some future use unrelated to the case at hand, then, absent a search
warrant, I may well reconsider my legal position and approach to these
sorts of cases--even if I have to think outside the garbage can to get
I concur.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-12-05 07:47:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Weekly column: Tracking you wherever you drive -- GPS 
Perspective:  E-tracking, coming to a DMV near you
By Declan McCullagh
December 5, 2005, 4:00 AM PST
Trust federal bureaucrats to take a good idea and transform it into a
frightening proposal to track Americans wherever they drive.
The U.S. Department of Transportation has been handing millions of
dollars to state governments for GPS-tracking pilot projects designed to
track vehicles wherever they go. So far, Washington state and Oregon
have received fat federal checks to figure out how to levy these
"mileage-based road user fees."
Now that electronic tracking and taxing may be coming to a DMV near you.
The Office of Transportation Policy Studies, part of the Federal Highway
Administration, is about to announce another round of grants totaling
some $11 million. A spokeswoman on Friday said the office is "shooting
for the end of the year" for the announcement, and more money is
expected for GPS (Global Positioning System) tracking efforts.
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-14 08:00:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] E.U. Parliament votes to force "data retention" on 
Previous Politech messages:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-20 23:15:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Transcript of briefing on NSA surveillance by Alberto 
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                     December 19, 2005
PRESS BRIEFING
ATTORNEY GENERAL ALBERTO GONZALES
GENERAL MICHAEL HAYDEN,
PRINCIPAL DEPUTY DIRECTOR FOR NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE
James S. Brady Briefing Room
8:30 A.M. EST
MR. McCLELLAN:  Good morning, everybody.  I've got with me the Attorney
General and General Hayden here this morning to brief you on the legal
issues surrounding the NSA authorization and take whatever questions you
have for them on that.  The Attorney General will open with some
comments and then they'll be glad to take your questions.
And with that, I'll turn it over to General Gonzales.
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES:  Thanks, Scott.
The President confirmed the existence of a highly classified program on
Saturday.  The program remains highly classified; there are many
operational aspects of the program that have still not been disclosed
and we want to protect that because those aspects of the program are
very, very important to protect the national security of this country.
So I'm only going to be talking about the legal underpinnings for what
has been disclosed by the President.
The President has authorized a program to engage in electronic
surveillance of a particular kind, and this would be the intercepts of
contents of communications where one of the -- one party to the
communication is outside the United States.  And this is a very
important point -- people are running around saying that the United
States is somehow spying on American citizens calling their neighbors.
Very, very important to understand that one party to the communication
has to be outside the United States.
Another very important point to remember is that we have to have a
reasonable basis to conclude that one party to the communication is a
member of al Qaeda, affiliated with al Qaeda, or a member of an
organization affiliated with al Qaeda, or working in support of al
Qaeda.  We view these authorities as authorities to confront the enemy
in which the United States is at war with -- and that is al Qaeda and
those who are supporting or affiliated with al Qaeda.
What we're trying to do is learn of communications, back and forth, from
within the United States to overseas with members of al Qaeda.  And
that's what this program is about.
Now, in terms of legal authorities, the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act provides -- requires a court order before engaging in
this kind of surveillance that I've just discussed and the President
announced on Saturday, unless there is somehow -- there is -- unless
otherwise authorized by statute or by Congress.  That's what the law
requires.  Our position is, is that the authorization to use force,
which was passed by the Congress in the days following September 11th,
constitutes that other authorization, that other statute by Congress, to
engage in this kind of signals intelligence.
Now, that -- one might argue, now, wait a minute, there's nothing in the
authorization to use force that specifically mentions electronic
surveillance.  Let me take you back to a case that the Supreme Court
reviewed this past -- in 2004, the Hamdi decision.  As you remember, in
that case, Mr. Hamdi was a U.S. citizen who was contesting his detention
by the United States government.  What he said was that there is a
statute, he said, that specifically prohibits the detention of American
citizens without permission, an act by Congress -- and he's right, 18
USC 4001a requires that the United States government cannot detain an
American citizen except by an act of Congress.
We took the position -- the United States government took the position
that Congress had authorized that detention in the authorization to use
force, even though the authorization to use force never mentions the
word "detention."  And the Supreme Court, a plurality written by Justice
O'Connor agreed.  She said, it was clear and unmistakable that the
Congress had authorized the detention of an American citizen captured on
the battlefield as an enemy combatant for the remainder -- the duration
of the hostilities.  So even though the authorization to use force did
not mention the word, "detention," she felt that detention of enemy
soldiers captured on the battlefield was a fundamental incident of
waging war, and therefore, had been authorized by Congress when they
used the words, "authorize the President to use all necessary and
appropriate force."
For the same reason, we believe signals intelligence is even more a
fundamental incident of war, and we believe has been authorized by the
Congress.  And even though signals intelligence is not mentioned in the
authorization to use force, we believe that the Court would apply the
same reasoning to recognize the authorization by Congress to engage in
this kind of electronic surveillance.
I might also add that we also believe the President has the inherent
authority under the Constitution, as Commander-in-Chief, to engage in
this kind of activity.  Signals intelligence has been a fundamental
aspect of waging war since the Civil War, where we intercepted
telegraphs, obviously, during the world wars, as we intercepted
telegrams in and out of the United States.  Signals intelligence is very
important for the United States government to know what the enemy is
doing, to know what the enemy is about to do.  It is a fundamental
incident of war, as Justice O'Connor talked about in the Hamdi decision.
We believe that -- and those two authorities exist to allow, permit the
United States government to engage in this kind of surveillance.
The President, of course, is very concerned about the protection of
civil liberties, and that's why we've got strict parameters, strict
guidelines in place out at NSA to ensure that the program is operating
in a way that is consistent with the President's directives.  And,
again, the authorization by the President is only to engage in
surveillance of communications where one party is outside the United
States, and where we have a reasonable basis to conclude that one of the
parties of the communication is either a member of al Qaeda or
affiliated with al Qaeda.
Mike, do you want to -- have anything to add?
GENERAL HAYDEN:  I'd just add, in terms of what we do globally with
regard to signals intelligence, which is a critical part of defending
the nation, there are probably no communications more important to what
it is we're trying to do to defend the nation; no communication is more
important for that purpose than those communications that involve al
Qaeda, and one end of which is inside the homeland, one end of which is
inside the United States.  Our purpose here is to detect and prevent
attacks.  And the program in this regard has been successful.
Q    General, are you able to say how many Americans were caught in this
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES:  I'm not -- I can't get into the specific
numbers because that information remains classified.  Again, this is not
a situation where -- of domestic spying.  To the extent that there is a
moderate and heavy communication involving an American citizen, it would
be a communication where the other end of the call is outside the United
States and where we believe that either the American citizen or the
person outside the United States is somehow affiliated with al Qaeda.
Q    General, can you tell us why you don't choose to go to the FISA
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES:  Well, we continue to go to the FISA court
and obtain orders.  It is a very important tool that we continue to
utilize.  Our position is that we are not legally required to do, in
this particular case, because the law requires that we -- FISA requires
that we get a court order, unless authorized by a statute, and we
believe that authorization has occurred.
The operators out at NSA tell me that we don't have the speed and the
agility that we need, in all circumstances, to deal with this new kind
of enemy.  You have to remember that FISA was passed by the Congress in
1978.  There have been tremendous advances in technology --
Q    But it's been kind of retroactively, hasn't it?
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES:  -- since then.  Pardon me?
Q    It's been done retroactively before, hasn't it?
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES:  What do you mean, "retroactively"?
Q    You just go ahead and then you apply for the FISA clearance,
because it's damn near automatic.
ATTORNEY GENERAL GONZALES:  If we -- but there are standards that have
to be met, obviously, and you're right, there is a procedure where we --
an emergency procedure that allows us to make a decision to authorize --
to utilize FISA, and then we go to the court and get confirmation of
that authority.
But, again, FISA is very important in the war on terror, but it doesn't
provide the speed and the agility that we need in all circumstances to
deal with this new kind of threat.
Q    But what -- go ahead.
GENERAL HAYDEN:  Let me just add to the response to the last question.
As the Attorney General says, FISA is very important, we make full use
of FISA.  But if you picture what FISA was designed to do, FISA is
designed to handle the needs in the nation in two broad categories:
there's a law enforcement aspect of it; and the other aspect is the
continued collection of foreign intelligence.  I don't think anyone
could claim that FISA was envisaged as a tool to cover armed enemy
combatants in preparation for attacks inside the United States.  And
that's what this authorization under the President is designed to help
us do.
Q    Have you identified armed enemy combatants, through this program,
in the United States?
GENERAL HAYDEN:  This program has been successful in detecting and
preventing attacks inside the United States.
Q    General Hayden, I know you're not going to talk about specifics
about that, and you say it's been successful.  But would it have been as
successful -- can you unequivocally say that something has been stopped
or there was an imminent attack or you got information through this that
you could not have gotten through going to the court?
GENERAL HAYDEN:  I can say unequivocally, all right, that we have got
information through this program that would not otherwise have been
Q    Through the court?  Because of the speed that you got it?
GENERAL HAYDEN:  Yes, because of the speed, because of the procedures,
because of the processes and requirements set up in the FISA process, I
can say unequivocally that we have used this program in lieu of that and
this program has been successful.
Q    But one of the things that concerns people is the slippery slope.
If you said you absolutely need this program, you have to do it quickly

@_date: 2005-12-24 13:23:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] More revelations about Bush and NSA domestic 
Tangentially-related article about judge approving cell phone monitoring
without requiring prosecutors to show evidence of probable cause:
How extensive is NSA's spy program:
An earlier roundup of blog posts:
Articles asking whether President Bush commited an impeachable offense:
Previous Politech message:
Organization: Runtime Design Automation
CC: bankston at eff.org
Hello Declan:-
I came across a very interesting paper on wiretap evasion by
Matt Blaze (UPenn) at the following URL.
  I particularly think that the legal implications on the
reliability of information obtained by phone wiretaps may
be far-reaching, and of interest to Politech readers.
Especially given the current administration's demonstrated
record of vindictiveness, I agree with Dan's conjecture
about Matt's cojones.
News article (incorrectly attributed to NY Times in above):
  Summary of paper:
  Full paper
  Best wishes for the holiday season and for the New Year.
Thanks again for running Politech.
  Alan Barclay
--Alan Barclay--  barclay at rtda.com   (408) 492-0942 direct
     (408) 492-0940 main
References: <43A99CEB.4010509 at well.com>
In fairness it should be pointed out that the briefings were classified
therefore the ability of Rockefeller and Pelosi to inform others was
"The limited members who were told of the program were prohibited by
the Administration from sharing any information about it with our
colleagues, including other members of the Intelligence Committees."
Eric Gasior
"First of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have
to fear is fear itself - nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror
which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance."
 -- Franklin D. Roosevelt, First Inaugural Address, Mar. 4, 1933
CC: politech at politechbot.com
FYI, its my read of the news on this issue the Whitehouse is claiming
that the
authorization to 'use any and all means appropriate to fight terrorism'
supercedes the FISA and all other laws governing wiretapping, and indeed, I
think they interpret it to be authorization to supercede all other laws
governing anything else as well.  This interpretation, if actually the
of the Whitehouse, is far more disturbing than tapping Americans
talking/emailing foriegners internationally.
In the case of tapping international calls and emails, there is
ambiguity as to
whether FISA applies anyway. In 1978, tapping was done on wires. It had
to be
done on the caller or the called. That is, in the US or outside the US.
Suppose we tapped Osama's phone, physically in Afghanistan, and an American
contact was made, FISA wouldn't apply. However, if we tapped the
American (or
more likely, a foriegner) physically in the US, hopping a contact would
be made,
FISA would apply.  But modern surveillance is done differently because
is also different, now.
In the case of modern international call, the tapping is probably done from
space, using a satellite, or an undersea cable. And modern tapping can
essentially scan all calls/emails for keywords. FISA covers surveillance
done in
the US. If the surveillance is done outside the US then FISA doesn't
Arguably, these interceptions might occur outside the US. But---I don't
this argument has been raised in this case. Rather, the Whitehouse seems
to be
claiming that it has congressional authorization for carte blanch
all prior laws incluing FISA.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-03-18 00:20:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Computers Freedom and Privacy conference in Seattle from 
[Any Politechnicals going? I'm teaching a graduate public policy course
this semester -- the last class meets on April 16, so I'm not sure if
I'm going to be able to make it to Seattle. It would have to be a quick
trip, at least for me. --Declan]
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-03-18 00:29:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Anti-drug attorney's critique of police using "drug 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-03-30 01:31:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Nude photos on cell phones lure cops; 
Here's the original story in the Houston Chronicle:
"During the arrest, they discovered that the woman had stored sexually
explicit photos of herself in her cell phone, and Green downloaded the
images onto his personal digital assistant, according to the search
FileVault and PGPdisk are handy utilities:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-05-03 22:42:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Customs-proofing your laptop: Staying safe at border 
Detecting whether the Feds or any government adversary has placed
spyware on your computer when "examining" it at a border checkpoint is
not entirely trivial. It is, however, important for your privacy and
peace of mind -- especially because computer and PDA searches will
likely become more popular in time.
Here are some basic suggestions:
A more advanced one would be to perform a checksum of all the files on
the hard drive before-and-after through something like this:
% for i in `find / -print`; do md5 $i >> /tmp/new; done ; diff /tmp/new
The problem is that even your "diff" utility could be modified so you'd
need to use a known-good copy from archival media.
Can anyone recommend a checksum'ing utility for Windows and OS X? It
would be nicer than a command-line interface.
Note, by the way, that Rep. Bono's "anti-spyware" bill exempts police:
In response to the Alabama activist who was hassled at the border returning
from Canada, here is some insight.  However, I ask that you PLEASE WITHHOLD
MY NAME; I know some people who do computer forensics for FBI and I would
not want them to know it was me writing this....  Thanks.
Feel free to use any of the below in the blog or in the listserv.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Loretta's experience w/ US Customs is chilling.  The fifteen minutes her
notebook computer was out of view and in government custody is plenty of
time for an agent to image the drive.  Imaging, as you know, is the
end-to-end bit-level copying of the drive.  When properly done, imaging
bypasses all OS controls, such as file permissions in Linux, BSD, and OS/X,
and user ownership in Windows.
A drive image affords an analyst plenty of time to examine the drive
contents without the owner's awareness.  The image can be mounted onto a
device where other programs can reconstruct or reinterpret file systems
structures of NTFS, ext, FAT, and so on.  An analyst mounting an image as
root or Administrator can see anything.
Do not assume a BIOS password will protect you.  The drive can be
physically removed from a laptop in under a minute.
If the file data is encrypted, a forensic analyst will need to use a
password cracker to decode the data.  This will slow them down, and in all
but the most pressing cases, will prompt them to move on.  However, a
careless individual may leave their PGP (or similar) key on their drive in
a text file or in slack or deleted space, giving the agent something to
work with.
Though encryption is a pain for the user to deal with, this is probably the
best level of protection.  Encryption raises your reasonable level of
expectation of privacy.
Legal issues raised by this incident potentially include illegal search and
seizure.  Even US Customs still needs a search warrant for your computer,
and the warrant must state specifically what they are looking for.  They
cannot fish.
If an image was taken of Loretta Nall's drive, there will be a chain of
custody document for this supposed evidence.  Her lawyer can advise as to
how to file a motion for it.  There might also be an incident report, which
would describe the actions of the agents.
None of the information stolen from Loretta's drive can be used directly in
a court proceeding.  Unfortunately, it probably could be used to confirm
other intelligence.
There is no device I know of that will allow you to determine if your drive
has been scanned or imaged.  Computer forensics is extremely careful not to
taint evidence by writing to the drive.
I'd like to see one of those warranty foil labels that fall apart when you
tamper with them.  There must be source for them.  Place a label across the
edges of the drive bay.  That way, if the drive is removed, you can at
least see that it was opened.
The point about government installing bots is well-taken.  You may be able
to md5sum your drive before and after customs, but this capability is
beyond 99%+ of users.
If possible, do NOT carry a notebook across the border with you if you can
avoid it.  Junior G-Men maybe too tempted to prove their mettle with the
boss when they see one.  For data, pen drives and CD's can be comingled
with other personal possessions, where they might attract less attention.
Pen drives may be reformatted at will, removing the risk exposure that
might come with a notebook's Internet cache, slack space, cookie list,
website history, and so on.
If you MUST take your computer, FLUSH ALL INTERNET CACHE, web site
histories, search histories, cookies, temp files, recycyle bins, etc.  Make
your own disk image before you go.
Always ask Customs what they are doing, and ask as politely as
possible.  Object if they remove something from your sight - again, as
politely as possible.  Do not get "legal" on them, but do say "I don't
understand."  At least that way they cannot claim you have tacitly waived
your rights.
-N. G. Zax
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-05-03 22:43:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Passport RFID tracking: a between-the-lines read [priv] 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-05-25 22:09:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Are the encryption wars really over? Maybe not [priv] 
Whether the crypto wars are over depends on what you consider the
dispute to be about in the first place. In the export-control sense,
yep, we've won. We may not have had a resounding Supreme Court victory
on First Amendment grounds, but the original regs proved politically
How about domestic restrictions? That never really got off the ground in
the U.S., even in the darkest days of the 1990s.
But either could return swiftly. All it would take for a bill to be
introduced is for Al Qaeda to have encrypted information that could have
saved thousands of American lives were it decrypted in time. (Life does
not follow the TV show "24".) See:
I wouldn't be surprised if such a law would permit non-escrowed crypto
to be used to secure communication streams while requiring .gov
backdoors in crypto used for hard drive or file encryption. In other
words, GPG and PGPdisk might become verboten. Programmers might sensibly
scoff, but that's the way the Feds think.
How about other restrictions? I don't think the crypto-in-a-crime idea
ever got enacted into law, but a Minnesota court this month moved in
that direction:
In other words, the war is probably not over. It's just in a multi-year
lull. The correct preventative tactic to employ right now is to follow
the IPv6 model and seed both disk and communication-stream encryption
wherever it makes sense. Then it becomes more politically difficult to
Previous Politech message:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-11-01 09:55:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Judge Samuel Alito's police-friendly views of 
electronic surveillance [priv]
Nominee's past rulings give hint of tech views
November 1, 2005, 4:58 PM PST
In a case decided last year, Alito ruled that the FBI did not need a
warrant to outfit the hotel suite of a boxing official with a hidden
audio recorder and remotely controlled video camera that could swivel
360 degrees. The devices were activated when a police informant was
also present in the room of the official, who was suspected of taking
Alito's fellow judge Theodore McKee, a Clinton appointee, dissented
on the grounds that advances in surveillance technology would
eviscerate the privacy principles found in the Fourth Amendment's
prohibition of "unreasonable searches."
"Given the evolving sophistication of technology, it is increasingly
imperative that the fundamental liberties guaranteed under the Fourth
Amendment not be eroded by the warrantless use of devices that allow
the government to see through curtains, walls and doors," McKee
wrote. "To the extent the Fourth Amendment has any vitality in an era
of increasingly sophisticated electronic eavesdropping, it surely
protects the privacy of someone in the intimacy of a hotel suite from
the potential of warrantless 24-hour video surveillance."
In another case decided in 2002 by the 3rd Circuit Court, police in
Pennsylvania acted on a six-month-old tip that a high school teacher
was viewing illegal adult pornography on the Internet. They obtained
a search warrant for the teacher's home and found child pornography
on his computer's hard drive.
In an opinion written by Judge Maryanne Barry, another Clinton
appointee, the 2-1 majority said the search warrant was invalid
because the tip was "stale" and based on a dubious source. Also, they
said, police had no probable cause to look for any kind of
pornography, and investigators should not go on a fishing expedition
through a suspect's hard drive just to find some sort of
incriminating files.
Alito dissented. "The previously-noted incidents alleged in the
affidavit showed that the defendant had a sexual interest in minors
and that he had used sexual materials on several occasions as part of
his course of conduct," he wrote. "All of this information tends to
support a finding of probable cause."
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-25 13:23:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] U.S. passports to receive RFID implants starting in 
Text of regulations:
Passports to get RFID chip implants
October 25, 2005, 12:12 PM PDT
All U.S. passports will be implanted with remotely-readable computer
chips starting in October 2006, the Bush administration has announced.
Sweeping new State Department regulations issued Tuesday say that
passports issued after that time will have tiny radio frequency ID
(RFID) chips that can transmit personal information including the name,
nationality, sex, date of birth, place of birth and digitized photograph
of the passport holder. Eventually, the government contemplates adding
additional digitized data such as "fingerprints or iris scans."
Over the last year, opposition to the idea of implanting RFID chips in
passports has grown amidst worries that identity thieves could snatch
personal information out of the air simply by aiming a high-powered
antenna at a person or a vehicle carrying a passport. Out of the 2,335
comments on the plan that were received by the State Department this
year, 98.5 percent were negative. The objections mostly focused on
security and privacy concerns.
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-13 11:17:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Judge denies Feds' cell-phone tracking request, 
"Police blotter" is a weekly report on the intersection of technology
and the law. This episode: Feds' location-tracking rebuffed.
What: In the first case of its kind, a federal judge chastises the U.S.
Department of Justice for trying to constantly track a cell phone user's
location without providing any proof of criminal behavior.
When: Decided Aug. 25 by U.S. Magistrate Judge James Orenstein in
Central Islip, N.Y.
Outcome: Justice Department's Patriot Act surveillance request was denied.
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-20 17:01:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] In China, 
Chinese Internet vs. free speech
Hard choices for U.S. tech giants
Carrie Kirby, Chronicle Staff Writer
Sunday, September 18, 2005
U.S. tech giants are helping the Chinese express themselves online -- as
long as they don't write about democracy, Tibet, sex, Tiananmen Square,
Falun Gong, government corruption or any other taboo subject.
Microsoft bans "democracy" and "Dalai Lama" from the Chinese version of
its blog site. Yahoo recently turned over information that helped the
Chinese government track down and imprison a journalist for the crime of
forwarding an e-mail. Google omits banned publications from its Chinese
news service.
Critics say that cooperating with governments to suppress free speech
violates human rights, international law and corporate ethics. But what
the experts can't agree on is what the companies should do about it. The
Internet -- even with limitations -- is generally considered a powerful
democratizing force. If international companies withdrew from the
Chinese Internet market, the result might mean even fewer chances for
free communications there.
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-21 06:22:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Request: Check your cell phone to see if it's 
always transmitting your location [priv]
Related Politech message:
And a column I wrote on this a while ago:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-26 02:29:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Are geeks being targeted as "terrorists?" [fs] 
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-26 02:36:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] White House supports forcible DNA extraction from 
We discussed this here weeks ago:
Bill Would Permit DNA Collection From All Those Arrested
By Jonathan Krim
Washington Post Staff Writer
Saturday, September 24, 2005; Page A03
Suspects arrested or detained by federal authorities could be forced to
provide samples of their DNA that would be recorded in a central
database under a provision of a Senate bill to expand government
collection of personal data.
The controversial measure was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee
last week and is supported by the White House, but has not gone to the
floor for a vote. It goes beyond current law, which allows federal
authorities to collect and record samples of DNA only from those
convicted of crimes. The data are stored in an FBI-maintained national
registry that law enforcement officials use to aid investigations, by
comparing DNA from criminals with evidence found at crime scenes.
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-06 13:47:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Attorney General won't rule out domestic warrantless 
["Fourth Amendment? What Fourth Amendment?" --Declan]

@_date: 2006-04-12 12:05:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] DC area only: Computer security for activists workshop 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-12 12:06:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Texas government targets peer-to-peer software use on 
Excerpt: "The Department of Information Resources shall develop a
statewide policy for use by each state agency, department, board, and
commission which prohibits unauthorized or illegal use of peer-to-peer
software programs."
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-14 23:34:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on DearAOL.com and user control of spam 
Previous Politech messages:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-14 23:39:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] The NYPD can take photos of you -- but you can't turn 
What thuggish behavior. Kudos to the Village Voice for publicizing this.
I've been accosted (though not arrested) for taking photos on public
sidewalks/streets in Washington, DC. The two times that come to mind
were before 9/11. Photos of the Feds in question:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-14 23:44:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Feds mull mandatory data retention laws for Internet 
I've put a copy of the Colorado legislation here:
Previous Politech messages:
ISP snooping gaining support
April 14, 2006, 4:03 AM PDT
The explosive idea of forcing Internet providers to record their
customers' online activities for future police access is gaining ground
in state capitols and in Washington, D.C.
Top Bush administration officials have endorsed the concept, and some
members of the U.S. Congress have said federal legislation is needed to
aid law enforcement investigations into child pornography. A bill is
already pending in the Colorado State Senate.
Mandatory data retention requirements worry privacy advocates because
they permit police to obtain records of e-mail chatter, Web browsing or
chat-room activity that normally would have been discarded after a few
months. And some proposals would require providers to retain data that
ordinarily never would have been kept at all.
Flint Waters, head of the Wyoming's Internet Crimes Against Children
task force, also is pressing for federal data retention laws...
"Individuals will activate their Webcam when they're abusing a child and
they'll record the sexual assault live, and it may be 45 days before law
enforcement finally gets notified," Waters said. "We reach out to
service providers and they say they don't maintain those records, so the
child remains in that environment, and there's nothing we can do to help
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-29 04:42:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [IP] Sounding the alarm on government mandated data 
Thanks for your kind remarks about my article for CNET News.com. It's
interesting that you say if we "don't take a stand now, we are likely
to see the wonders of the Net repurposed into shackles that have the
potential to undermine the very basis of our fundamental freedoms."
It does seem bizarre that we had such a public outcry about the
Justice Department trying to obtain some information from Google. But
now that we have the Justice Department proposing something far
broader -- and *actual legislation* afoot in the U.S. Congress, with
a floor vote perhaps next Wednesday -- nobody seems to be paying
I first wrote about the Justice Department shopping around this
proposal  nearly a year ago:
And then wrote an update a few weeks ago:
And we've published two articles since then:
But doing a search for "data retention" coupled with "Gonzales" on
Google News turns up only four hits, three of them our News.com
articles and the fourth a blog entry that links to News.com.
Where's the other coverage and broader concern? My June 2005 article
about the DoJ's statements in a private meeting took digging, true,
but the more recent articles are based on _public statements_ by top
Bush administration officials including Gonzales, Chertoff, and
Mueller, and _actual legislation_ that's published on a House of
Representatives web site.
Perhaps people are waiting until data retention requirements becomes
law before they'll take it seriously?
David Farber forwarded Lauren's message:
[...remainder snipped...]
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-08-01 00:50:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Bush administration appeals loss in NSA/ATT case to 9th 
wiretapping case to the 9th Circuit. U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker
had ruled on July 20 that EFF's case alleging illegal cooperation with
the NSA could proceed.
I've placed some of the briefs filed today online here:
And a writeup:
Also on a personal note, CNET News.com and the California First
Amendment Coalition won permission from Walker today to file an amicus
brief. For background on that point:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-08-07 23:30:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] AOL releases search info for 650, 000 users, 
AOL apologizes:
Slashdot thread:
Interesting site:
A defense of AOL:
Some of the most bizarre search queries (recommended reading):
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-08-17 11:26:26
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] License plate scanning: Balancing privacy with public 
Previous Politech message:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-12-01 17:32:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] FBI activates cell phones' microphones for surveillance 
I've placed some relevant documents here:
FBI taps cell phone mic as eavesdropping tool
December 1, 2006, 2:20 PM PST
The FBI appears to have begun using a novel form of electronic
surveillance in criminal investigations: remotely activating a mobile
phone's microphone and using it to eavesdrop on nearby conversations.
The technique is called a "roving bug," and was approved by top U.S.
Department of Justice officials for use against members of a New York
organized crime family who were wary of conventional surveillance
techniques such as tailing a suspect or wiretapping him.
Nextel cell phones owned by two alleged mobsters, John Ardito and his
attorney Peter Peluso, were used by the FBI to listen in on nearby
conversations. The FBI views Ardito as one of the most powerful men in
the Genovese family, a major part of the national Mafia.
The surveillance technique came to light in an opinion published this
week by U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan. He ruled that the "roving bug"
was legal because federal wiretapping law is broad enough to permit
eavesdropping even of conversations that take place near a suspect's
cell phone.
Kaplan's opinion said that the eavesdropping technique "functioned
whether the phone was powered on or off." Some handsets can't be fully
powered down without removing the battery; for instance, some Nokia
models will wake up when turned off if an alarm is set.
While the Genovese crime family prosecution appears to be the first time
a remote-eavesdropping mechanism has been used in a criminal case, the
technique has been discussed in security circles for years.
The U.S. Commerce Department's security office warns that "a cellular
telephone can be turned into a microphone and transmitter for the
purpose of listening to conversations in the vicinity of the phone." An
article in the Financial Times last year said mobile providers can
"remotely install a piece of software on to any handset, without the
owner's knowledge, which will activate the microphone even when its
owner is not making a call."
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-12-07 09:35:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Internet fuels rise in number of jailed journalists: 1 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-03 08:25:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Survey: Google, MSN, AOL, 
So we've been working on a survey of search engines, and what data they
keep and don't keep. We asked Google, MSN, AOL, and Yahoo the same
- What information do you record about searches? Do you store IP
addresses linked to search terms and types of searches (image vs. Web)?
- Given a list of search terms, can you produce a list of people
who searched for that term, identified by IP address and/or cookie value?
- Have you ever been asked by an attorney in a civil suit to produce
such a list of people? A prosecutor in a criminal case?
- Given an IP address or cookie value, can you produce a list of the
terms searched by the user of that IP address or cookie value?
- Have you ever been asked by an attorney in a civil suit to produce
such a list of search terms? A prosecutor in a criminal case?
- Do you ever purge these data, or set an expiration date of for
instance 2 years or 5 years?
- Do you ever anticipate offering search engine users a way to delete
that data?
Their verbatim responses are here:
And a FAQ and analysis of the shortcomings of the relevant federal
privacy law, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, is here:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-09 13:33:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Feingold, 
The letter the two senators sent to AT&T, Sprint Nextel, and Verizon:
A survey of telecommunications and Internet firms about NSA participation:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-09 14:08:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Lawsuit challenges law targeting Internet "annoyances" 
The complaint:
News coverage:
Previous Politech message:
The prohibition in the new law:
"Whoever...utilizes any device or software that can be used to originate
telecommunications or other types of communications that are
transmitted, in whole or in part, by the Internet... without disclosing
his identity and with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any
person...who receives the communications...shall be fined under title 18
or imprisoned not more than two years, or both."
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-09 16:28:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Details of how Australian "e-passports" will work [priv] 
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-12 01:41:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] New law targets online activities designed "to annoy" 
The prohibition:
"Whoever...utilizes any device or software that can be used to originate
telecommunications or other types of communications that are
transmitted, in whole or in part, by the Internet... without disclosing
his identity and with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any
person...who receives the communications...shall be fined under title 18
or imprisoned not more than two years, or both."
Perspective:  Create an e-annoyance, go to jail
By Declan McCullagh
January 9, 2006, 4:00 AM PST
Annoying someone via the Internet is now a federal crime.
It's no joke. Last Thursday, President Bush signed into law a
prohibition on posting annoying Web messages or sending annoying e-mail
messages without disclosing your true identity.
In other words, it's OK to flame someone on a mailing list or in a blog
as long as you do it under your real name. Thank Congress for small
favors, I guess.
This ridiculous prohibition, which would likely imperil much of Usenet,
is buried in the so-called Violence Against Women and Department of
Justice Reauthorization Act. Criminal penalties include stiff fines and
two years in prison.
"The use of the word 'annoy' is particularly problematic," says Marv
Johnson, legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union.
"What's annoying to one person may not be annoying to someone else."
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-12 13:28:05
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] New law targets online 
References: <20060112103246.GD2247
Incomplete.  There's an exception carved out:
Here's the bill:
version 6, section 113, adds 47 U.S.C. 223 (h)(1)(C), which is as Declan
quoted, but...
47 U.S.C. 230
So it appears not to apply to multi-recipient communications, such as
online forums or usenet or even mailing lists.

@_date: 2006-01-26 14:25:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] In China, Google censors more than just politics: beer, 
What Google censors in China
January 26, 2006, 1:27 PM PST
Google's new China search engine not only censors many Web sites that
question the Chinese government, but it goes further than similar
services from Microsoft and Yahoo by targeting teen pregnancy,
homosexuality, dating, beer and jokes.
In addition, CNET News.com has found that contrary to Google founder
Sergey Brin's promise to inform users when their search results are
censored, the company frequently filters out sites without revealing it.
[...remainder snipped...]
This chart is better seen on the Web page (URL above) because it'll be
poorly-formatted in email, but FYI...
Site / Category / Google.cn / Yahoo China/ MSN China
bacardi.com	Alcohol	Deleted	OK	OK
badpuppy.com	Gay	Deleted	Deleted (1)	OK
bignews.org	News	Deleted	Deleted	Deleted
beerlabels.com	Alcohol	Deleted	OK	OK
bombaysapphire.com	Alcohol	Deleted	OK	OK
budweiser.com	Alcohol	Deleted (5)	OK	OK
catholiclesbians.org	Religious	Deleted	OK	OK
chinesenewsweek.com	News	Deleted	OK	Deleted
collegehumor.com	Humor	Deleted	OK	OK
date.com	Dating	Deleted	OK	OK
ebaumsworld.com	Humor	Deleted	OK	OK
falunasia.info	Advocacy	Deleted	OK	Deleted
faluncanada.net	Advocacy	Deleted	OK	Deleted
funnyjokes.com	Humor	Deleted	OK	OK
gaycenter.org	Gay	Deleted	OK	OK
gaycrawler.com	Gay	Deleted	OK	OK
gaytimes.co.uk	Gay	OK	Deleted	OK
gio.gov.tw	Government	OK	Deleted	Deleted
guinness.com	Alcohol	Deleted	OK	OK
hightimes.com	Drug use	Deleted (6)	OK	OK
hrw.org	Advocacy	Deleted	OK	Deleted
jackdaniels.com	Alcohol	Deleted	OK	OK
jokesgallery.com	Humor	OK	Deleted (1)	OK
lesbian.com	Gay	Deleted	OK	OK
libertytimes.com.tw	News	Deleted	OK	OK
lingerie.com	Sex	Deleted	OK	OK
mm52.com	Entertainment	Deleted	OK	OK
netfirms.com	Web hosting	Deleted	OK	OK
network54.com	Community	Deleted	OK	Deleted
neworder.box.sk	Security	Deleted	OK	OK
news.bbc.co.uk	News	Deleted	Deleted	Deleted
omnitalk.com	Community	Deleted	OK	Deleted
penthouse.com	Sex	Deleted	Deleted (1)	Deleted
playboy.com	Sex	Deleted	Deleted (1)	OK
pressfreedom.com	Advocacy	Deleted	OK	Deleted
queernet.org	Gay	Deleted	OK	OK
resist.com	Racist	Deleted	OK	OK
rsf.org	Advocacy	OK	Deleted (2)	Deleted
savetibet.org	Advocacy	Deleted	OK	Deleted
search.msn.com	Search	Deleted	OK	OK
seas.upenn.edu	Academic	Deleted (5)	OK	Deleted
sonicnet.com	Music (VH1)	Deleted	OK	OK
sxetc.org	Sex ed.	Deleted	OK	Deleted (3)
teenpregnancy.org	Sex ed.	Deleted	OK	OK
theagitator.com	Blog	OK	Deleted	OK
thisisessex.co.uk	Local	Deleted	OK	OK
time.com	News	OK	Deleted	OK
voa.gov	Government	Deleted (1)	Deleted	Deleted
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-30 23:46:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Google fixes the ban-beer-and-joke-site problem in China 
Google has fixed the problem of buggy Chinese censorship:
Previous Politech message:
Also, while we're on the topic, there's a Human Rights Caucus meeting on
Wednesday. The caucus asked Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, and Cisco to show,
but theyr'e not going to:
But they do plan to go to one on Feb. 15 organized by a House
International Relations subcommittee. It's chaired by Rep. Chris Smith,
R-NJ, who last week accused Google of "collaborating with their
persecutors," a reference to China:
I'm sure the hearing will be entirely fair and balanced.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-30 23:48:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Why the cybercrime treaty is privacy-invasive and 
Politech coverage from two months ago:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-31 14:33:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] NSA surveillance: EFF lawsuit; new white paper by ACLU 
EFF has sued AT&T over its alleged participation in the NSA's
surveillance scheme:
BTW I think the ACLU's map (below) is intended to be more fanciful than
based on any confirmed participation by U.S. telecom or Internet companies.
The closest we've come to actual confirmation was a paragraph buried in
the middle of a Los Angeles Times article last month about AT&T,
mirrored here and cited in the EFF suit:
Am I missing something?
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-14 01:09:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] White House deal says FISA court will review NSA spying 
News coverage:
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
For Immediate Release: Friday, July 14, 2006
Proposed Surveillance Bill Would Sweep NSA Spying Programs
Under the Rug
Bill Threatens Future of EFF Case and Other Legal
San Francisco - Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen
Specter said today that he has negotiated a proposed bill
with the White House regarding the NSA's illegal spying
program.  While the final bill is not public, a draft of
the bill obtained by the Electronic Frontier Foundation
(EFF) is a sham compromise that would cut off meaningful
legal review -- sweeping current legal challenges out of
the traditional court system and failing to require court
review or congressional oversight of any future
surveillance programs.
"This so-called compromise bill is not a concession from
the White House -- it's a rubber stamp for any future
spying program dreamed up by the executive," said EFF Staff
Attorney Kevin Bankston.  "In essence, this bill threatens
to make court oversight of electronic surveillance
voluntary rather than mandatory."
Although the bill creates a process for the executive
branch to seek court review of its secret surveillance
programs, it doesn't actually require the government to do
so.  The bill would, however, require that any lawsuit
challenging the legality of any classified surveillance
program -- including EFF's class-action suit against AT&T

@_date: 2006-06-01 00:07:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Mandatory data retention resurfaces; 
I've been busy at work writing a series of articles about what's going
on in terms of forcing Internet service providers to snoop on Americans.
Basically Attorney General Gonzales and FBI Director Mueller met with
Internet and telecom companies (including Microsoft, Google, Verizon,
and Comcast) last Friday and called on them to store data about users'
activities for two years:
Until that meeting, Gonzales and the Justice Department had been saying
this would be useful for child porn fighting. Now they've realized (took
'em long enough) that (a) the stored data would be useful for terrorism
investigations and (b) it might be politically convenient to pitch it as
an anti-terrorism measure:
Companies aren't very happy about this. And of course any such
know-your-user law would presumably apply to libraries, schools, and
coffee shops as well:
Looking ahead a few years, assuming that data retention is adopted, it's
unclear that the Feds would stop there. Imagine a shocking horrible
tragedy could have been prevented if only even more expansive laws had
been adopted on top of data retention. The end game eventually could
involve (a) making it unlawful to offer Internet access without
verifying identities, effectively shutting down open WiFi nodes and (b)
restricting the use of encryption and anonymity services -- after all,
what good is a pile of retained data if it doesn't tell you very much?
This is sheer speculation, mind you. But then again a House of
Representatives committee once approved a bill that would make it
unlawful to sell encryption products without backdoors for the Feds. And
Sen. Judd Gregg talked about restricting encryption products soon after
9/11, so perhaps it's not _that_ unlikely either.
One other thing worth thinking about in terms of the Washington endgame.
The Internet providers I've talked to have been generally opposed to the
idea. But one of their primary complaints is the logical one of how much
it will cost. If the Feds decide to write them a fat check, their
complaints could evaporate and the legislation would instantly
experience far less opposition. Watch for this; it would follow what
happened with CALEA.
Here's Microsoft's statement on data retention:
Or, if you prefer, CNN and USA Today coverage of the topic:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-06 23:45:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] SMS 007 aims to protect cell phone SMS messages [priv] 
[Thanks for sending this along, Marian! It looks like a useful project.
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-06 23:57:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Two new bills in Congress: Net neutrality, 
News article:
"Digital radio receivers without government-approved copy-prevention
technology likely would become illegal to sell in the future, according
to new federal legislation announced Thursday."
Bill text:
News article:
"Network operators would be barred from blocking or degrading Internet
connections and favoring those of companies that pay for peppier access,
according to a Senate bill introduced Thursday."
Bill text:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-29 22:42:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Surveillance in the sky: Homeland Security wants aerial 
Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have long been used over Iraq and
Afghanistan. Now local police and Homeland Security want to use them in
the U.S. for aerial surveillance.
This raises two interesting issues: privacy and safety. The privacy one
is familiar to Politech readers. If you have a fleet of UAVs overhead on
a clear day, they could track when your car leaves your driveway, where
you go, who you visit, how long you stay, how fast you drive, and add
all that data to a massive information store that could be available to
any Fed for the asking. (Networked terrestrial cameras and facecams
raise essentially the same issue.)
The safety issue involves sharing airspace with pilots carrying passengers.
News coverage:
Photos of UAVs:
The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association's writeup of a North Carolina
county's use of an UAV for monitoring its citizens:
Summary of a House hearing on this today is below.
The purpose of this hearing is to discuss the use of Unmanned Aerial
Vehicles (UAVs) or Unmanned Aerial Systems in the National Airspace
System (NAS) and the authority of the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) to provide safety oversight and air traffic control over these
systems in the NAS.
According to the Congressional Research Service, Unmanned Aerial
Vehicles (UAVs) have been referred to in many ways: remotely piloted
vehicle, drone, robot plane, and pilotless aircraft are a few such
names. UAVs, which may have a wingspan as large as a Boeing 737 or be as
small as a radio-controlled model airplane, are defined by the
Department of Defense (DOD) as powered, aerial vehicles that
    * do not carry a human operator,
    * use aerodynamic forces to provide vehicle lift,
    * can fly autonomously or be piloted remotely,
    * can be expendable or recoverable, and
    * can carry a lethal or nonlethal payload.
There are two different types of UAVs: drones and remotely piloted
vehicles (RPVs). Both drones and RPVs are pilotless, but drones are
programmed for autonomous flight. RPVs are actively flown b remotely b
by a ground control operator.
While historically UASs have been used primarily by the DOD in military
settings outside of U.S. borders to enhance warfighting capabilities,
there is growing demand to operate UAVs in the integrated NAS. In fact,
Congress has repeatedly called for and funded programs to study and
eventually mandate the use of UAVs in support of homeland security
missions and for other purposes. Federal agencies, such as the Customs
and Border Protection Service (CBP), the Drug Enforcement Agency, the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Transportation Security
Administration, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and State and
Local law enforcement agencies are interested in utilizing UAVs in the
NAS. Public uses include border security, port security, surveillance,
drug interdiction, search and rescue, fire fighting, and other law
enforcement and homeland security initiatives. Some of these activities
are taking place today; for instance, the CBP conducts UAV surveillance
operations along the Nationbs southern border; a NASA-sponsored program
has produced civilian UAVs to monitor pollution and measure ozone
levels; and the Department of Energy is looking at UAVs outfitted with
radiation sensors to detect potential nuclear reactor accidents.
UAVs are also an emerging segment of the commercial aviation industry
and commercial entities would like to be able to operate UAVs in the
NAS. There are many possible commercial uses of UAVs. In fact, the FAA
acknowledges that manufacturers and operators are conducting research
on, or are designing, aircraft that could fill niche markets unimagined
just a decade ago. According to the FAA, some of the research and
development activities the commercial aviation industry already performs
include supporting law enforcement, homeland security, firefighting,
weather prediction and tracking activities.
ROLE OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
The FAA has sole authority over the safe and efficient use of the NAS.
The FAA is responsible for overseeing the safety of the civil airspace,
including operations by the military, government, private pilots and
commercial entities. To this end, the FAA must take appropriate actions
to ensure the safety of the public, which includes the flying public, as
well as people and property on the ground.
Public Uses of the Civil Airspace - Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
According to the FAA, when the military or a government agency wants to
fly a UAV in civil airspace (outside of Special Use Airspace or Military
Operation Areas which are bno flyb areas and therefore not integrated
with other operators), the FAA examines the request and issues a
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA), generally based on the
following principles:
    * The COA authorizes an operator to use defined airspace for a
specified time (up to one year, in some cases) and includes special
provisions unique to each operation. For instance, a COA may include a
requirement to operate only under Visual Flight Rules (VFR).
    * Most, if not all, COAs require coordination with an appropriate
air traffic control facility and require the UAV to have a transponder
able to operate in standard air traffic control mode with automatic
altitude reporting.
    * To make sure the UAV will not interfere with other aircraft, a
ground observer or an accompanying bchaseb aircraft must maintain visual
contact with the UAV.
The COA process has made possible research and development efforts and
provided a means to introduce UAVs into the air traffic system. This
process has aided the FAA, other government agencies, and the UAV
manufacturers in identifying potential safety issues. Identified issues,
such as the ability to bdetect, see and avoidb other traffic, need to be
addressed through further technological advancements and additional
research and development efforts. Currently, the COA process is not
available to commercial entities.
Public Uses of the Civil Airspace b Temporary Flight Restrictions
In order to address a request by the CBP to conduct UAV operations along
the southern border, the FAA established a Temporary Flight Restriction
(TFR) along the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona and New Mexico. The
approximately 300 nm-long, 17-nm wide in most places, corridor is to
prevent U.S. Customs and Border Patrol UAV aircraft from colliding with
other civilian aircraft. The TFR is in effect from 12,000 to 14,000 feet
and is active from 5 p.m. until 7 a.m. daily. The TFR is scheduled to be
in effect until December 31, 2006, and may be renewed next year.
Commercial Uses of the Civil Airspace
To address the increasing needs of the civil market and the desire by
civilian operators to fly UAVs in the NAS, the FAA has set up a UAV
office and is developing new policies, procedures and approval
processes. The FAA anticipates having draft UAV guidance in two years.
The approach is to have the appropriate level of oversight without being
overly restrictive in the early stages.
More immediately, the FAA is reviewing certification requests from
several UAV manufacturers. The first airworthiness certificates in the
bExperimentalb category (for research and development, crew training, or
market survey) were issued in 2005.
RELATED ISSUES
There are a number of other issues facing the FAA related to the
emerging commercial UAV industry, including:
Safety oversight:
The FAA has identified two primary UAV safety issues that must be
addressed for them to operate safely in the integrated civil airspace.
    * The need for proven UAV command and control redundancies should
there be a disruption in communication or should the operator lose
contact with the vehicle; and
    * The need for reliable bdetect and avoidb capability so that UAVs
can sense and avoid other aircraft.
Short term: The use of COAs, experimental certificates and TFRs are
intended to be temporary fixes. As it stands today, the lack of UAV
standards, operational procedures and regulations is problematic. The
demand for UAV operations is growing, and the short-term safety
processes put in place, while allowing the FAA to gather important
operational data, are not feasible in the long-term. Permission to fly
UAVs in the NAS typically takes 60-90 days and permission is often
accompanied by operational restrictions. In addition, FAA regions are
not always interpreting the existing regulations the same way, leading
to inconsistent regulation and enforcement. The FAA, other government
agencies, UAV manufacturers, and commercial aviation stakeholders must
continue to look for innovative solutions to address the safety issues
related to UAVs in the NAS.
Long term: The FAA has asked RTCA, Inc., a private, not-for-profit
corporation that develops consensus-based recommendations for the agency
on technical issues, to help develop UAV standards. RTCA will answer two
key questions: How will UAVs handle command and control, and how will
they detect and avoid other aircraft? Both of these questions are
dependent upon the development of technology and operational procedures.
In the long term, it must be demonstrated to the FAA that UAVs can
operate at the equivalent level of safety as a manned aircraft. This
process will take time. All the stakeholders, the FAA, DOD, DHS, other
Government agencies, the NAS users, and the UAV industry must work
together to achieve this safety goal.
Research and Development Programs and ACCESS 5:
Until recently, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
sponsored a government-industry project called ACCESS 5. The project
brought together NASA, the FAA, the DOD, the DHS and the UAV National
Industry Team (UNITE) to integrate UAVs or Remotely Operated Aircraft
(ROA) into the national civil airspace via a four-step process. The
first two steps of that process were funded by NASA in the
High-Altitude, Long-Endurance Remotely Operated Aircraft in the National
Airspace System (HALE ROA in the NAS) project. The HALE ROA in the NAS
project was established in 2004 to develop policies, procedures and
technical standards to enable remotely or autonomously operated aircraft
to fly reliably and routinely in civil airspace with an equivalent level
of safety as planes flown by on-board pilots. The last two steps in
Access 5 were not part of NASA's HALE ROA in the NAS project, and
funding them was left dependent upon the success achieved in the first
two steps.
The HALE ROA in the NAS project was funded primarily by NASA's
Aeronautics Mission Directorate, with a planned budget for steps one and
two of about $103 million through fiscal year 2009, or about 75 percent
of the project's estimated cost over that five-year period. Industry
members of the Access 5 project were contributing funding, with roughly
75 percent of the project's funding from NASA and 25 percent from industry.
Unfortunately for UAV research and development efforts, NASA has
recently announced a comprehensive restructuring of its research
programs. As such, Access 5 has been defunded and important UAV research
and development work has stopped. To date, no other agency or entity has
taken on, or agreed to, fund the project.
International cooperation:
The use of UAVs in the civil airspace is a global issue. The FAA and
other Government agencies continue to work closely with their
international counterparts to harmonize standards, policies, procedures,
and regulatory requirements.
Recreational Model Aircraft
Appropriate oversight of model aircraft operations must be considered as
the FAA and interested parties develop standards and regulations for the
use of UAVs in the NAS. The term bmodel aircraftb is defined by the
Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) as a non-human-carrying device
capable of sustained flight in the atmosphere, not exceeding the
limitations established in the Official AMA National Model Aircraft
Safety Code, exclusively for recreation, sport, and/or competition
activities. The AMA has been in existence since 1936, and is a
non-profit organization whose purpose is to promote the development of
model aviation as a recognized sport and worthwhile recreation activity.
The AMA coordinates with the FAA and self-polices the operation of model
aircraft in AMA sanctioned events. Some of the operational requirements
for AMA sanctioned activities include:
    * A maximum takeoff weight of a model aircraft, including fuel, is
55 pounds, except for those flown under the AMA Experimental Aircraft Rules;
    * Operations shall not take place higher than approximately 400
feet above ground level, when within three (3) miles of an airport
without notifying the airport operator;
    * Yielding the right-of-way and avoiding flying in the proximity of
full-scale aircraft and utilizing a spotter when appropriate;
    * Operators of radio control model aircraft shall control the
aircraft from the ground and maintain un-enhanced visual contact with
the aircraft throughout the entire flight; and
    * No model aircraft shall be equipped with devices that would allow
for autonomous flight.
The AMAbs position is that model aircraft should not be included in the
standards and regulations for UAVs, and that in establishing the
definition of UAV, the focus should be on the purpose of the vehicle
operation as opposed to the size or ability of the vehicle.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-22 17:42:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Perry Metzger's call to action on Feds' lawlessness, 
Also see Alberto Gonzales on prosecuting reporters:
----- Forwarded message from "Perry E. Metzger"  -----

@_date: 2006-05-22 23:27:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Replies to Hiawatha Bray's response, 
Previous Politech messages:
Rubbish. Exactly what part of the First Amendment phrase, "Congress shall
make no law..." does Mr. Bray not fully grasp? While Congress may have the
legitimate authority to prohibit government employees from leaking
classified information, it most certainly doesn't have the legitimate
authority to make it a crime for the press to publish or report on
classified information.
Indeed, if Congress could pass such a law, there would be little to stop
the federal government from unconstitutionally spying on the American
people and making evidence of such an act classified in order to cover-up
the government's malfeasance.
Perhaps Mr. Bray should avail himself of a remedial class in Civics 101 so
as to better understand the checks and balances that exist within a
Constitutional Republic such as ours.
Terry Bressi
Organization: None At All
References: <447282E6.3060804 at well.com>
They say Declan McCullagh, on or about 22.May.2006 23:35, whispered:
Until the law is found to be unconstitutional or in conflict with
another law.
Besides, the implication is that the tracking is being done by the NSA.
 I would
have thought it was the FBI's responsibility to investigate criminal leaks.
My own personal feeling is that it should not be possible for criminal
to be deemed classified.
Chris Beck  -  The sad fact is that "national security" has become the root password to
the Constitution. -- Phil Karn
Organization: Godmoma's Forge, LLC
References: <447282E6.3060804 at well.com>
The law is owed respect exactly to the point at which it becomes immoral
and dangerous to do so - the world is full of bad and immoral laws which
deserve nothing but contempt.
A bad law is a bad law. Period. It is a hoary example, but there were
plenty of "laws" in the South that journalists (and others) were "bound"
to observe, that people knowingly and deliberately broke because they
were unjust and unwise.
There's a reason why there are laws that attempt to protect whistle
blowers, and there's a reason why, traditionally, journalists enjoy a
certain amount of immunity from revealing their sources - even the ones
who are engaged in illegal acts: the benefit to the public of having
access to the truth, in this case, of having a counter-balance to an
arrogant and over-reaching executive, exceeds the costs to the society
associated with failure to prosecute those revealing the secrets.
Really, does the idea of a government that is *successfully* able to
seal all leaks, to track down and prosecute and punish any and all
individuals who reveal information that such a government prefers to not
have revealed, does this make anyone happy? Would you feel safer in your
bed at night, if you knew the rulers of this country were pretty much
free to proceed at will with whatever plans they cared to execute?
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. A governmental administration
effectively able to act without fear of exposure by those who disagree
with policies as laid out and implemented, especially in the case of
secrecy, is inevitably going to over-reach and threaten the liberty of
the citizens it governs. It is inherent in human nature, individually,
and collectively.
We already have a huge and growing and more or less truly secret and
almost completely unaccountable government... $40 billion dollars a
year (that we know of), the entire budget of a small nation... more than
all but a few countries combined spend on national defense... don't we,
as citizens, deserve to have at least a theoretical opportunity to learn
when and if improprieties of any sort, however embarassing, and even if
potentially threatening to national security in some fashion, are being
engaged in?
Is the nation better off for having Abu Gharib exposed? One could argue
that our national security has been undermined by that event... but how
much greater the threat, if that cancer had grown on, unabated, only to
be revealed at a later point... or to infect the forces of law and order
in our own country? ... setting aside the moral stain that settles on
all of us, a citizens of a country that engages in torture.
I would argue that, in point of fact, we have a moral obligation to
conscientiously violate and disrespect and disempower immoral, unjust
and unwise laws, and to express our contempt for them and our strong
desire to see them invalidated or erased from the books. A whistle
blower passing along secret and classified information that implicates
any element of our government in immoral or illegal or just plain unwise
acts is a hero, not a criminal.
To put it in stark terms: if the CIA were to be engaged in a plot,
authorized by the President himself and senior members of Congress, to
explode a small tactical nuclear weapon in Tehran, designed to take out
a large chunk of that government's ruling powers, and a whistle blower
were to supply Seymour Hersh with all the details and they went up on
the web minutes later, and such a publication "blew" the operation and
lead to the deaths of several of the operatives and the virtual
destruction of our intelligence network in Tehran and surrounding areas,
there would be absolutely no doubt that, in a very real sense, our
national security had been severely compromised. At the same time, one
could (and I would, personally) argue that revealing this information
would be an act of public service of the highest merit and the leaker to
be a hero, and that in the long run, our national security had been
vastly enhanced, rather than degraded.
But, perhaps I'm too much of a cynic, perhaps I've been watching too
much Star Trek, find the proposition that our government could over
reach its bounds or be corrupted from within or that elements of it
could put their own interests ahead of the nations far more realistic a
proposition than is justified.
But again, I ask: if the government was able to act without the
slightest fear of "leaks", if each and every "leak" were instantly and
ruthlessly hunted down and crushed, and any publication or forwarding of
such information was suppressed and severely punished... would any of us
fell safer in our beds at night?
Thomas Leavitt
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-24 10:24:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] 
Also there are protests in SF, NYC, Boston, Chicago today:
I'm planning to stop by the SF one by the SBC stadium at noon.
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-11-16 16:26:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Refuse to show ID, 
Based on preliminary reports, this is what seems to have happened on
Tuesday evening: Mostafa Tabatabainejad, a UCLA student, was quietly
studying in the campus library around 11:30pm. Campus police asked him
for his ID, a usual procedure. Mostafa didn't have it with him and
walked toward the exit.
While en route, one of the police officers laid a hand on Mostafa (which
may well be simple battery) and he reacted by saying "Get off of me."
That's when he was hit with a blast from a Taser, which can render
someone unable to walk for 5 to 15 minutes.
But the cops, through malice or ignorance, kept demanding that Mostafa
immediately stand up and walk to the door. He was screaming at this
point and said he could not, at which point they Tased him again and again.
The cops also threatened to Taser bystanders as well if they persisted
in asking for badge numbers. This, too, is on videotape and is in fact a
crime. (Think that cop will go to jail? Right.)
The video is here:
Articles on this incident:
Other amateur video that seems to show LAPD brutality:
Response from civil liberty groups (courtesy of Marc Rotenberg):
Background on police use of tasers, which has resulted in deaths:
"They have been used against unruly schoolchildren... and people who
argue with police or fail to comply immediately with a command. Cases
described in this report include the stunning of a 15-year-old
schoolgirl in Florida, following a dispute on a bus, and a 13- year-old
girl in Arizona, who threw a book in a public library."
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-10-23 22:46:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Data retention endorsed by International Association of 
The idea of data retention -- forcing Internet companies to keep track
of what their customers are doing -- will probably be one of the biggest
Politech topics of 2007. That's when the new Congress will convene and
the FBI will resume its push for federal legislation.
The groundwork is being laid right now. The International Association of
Chiefs of Police endorsed the concept in a resolution, and FBI director
Robert Mueller applauded them a few hours later:
"Today, terrorists coordinate their plans cloaked in the anonymity of
the Internet, as do violent sexual predators prowling chat rooms...
Before we can catch these offenders, Internet service providers have
unwittingly deleted the very records that would help us identify these
offenders and protect future victims. We must find a balance between the
legitimate need for privacy and law enforcementbs clear need for access.
Your resolution on records retention passed this morning will help put
us on the right path."
Here's a timeline so far:
The IACP resolution follows (I converted it from a Word document, so the
formatting isn't quite perfect). Note that data retention is being
extended from ISPs to registrars and registries. Search engines have
also been talked about as potential targets.
The International Association of Chiefs of Police
Adopted at the 113th Annual Conference
Boston, Massachusetts
October 17, 2006
Support For Data Retention In Aid Of The Investigation Of Crimes
Facilitated Or Committed
Through The Use Of The Internet And Telephony-Based Communications Services
Submitted by the Communications & Technology Committee
WHEREAS, the lawful investigation of Internet data and telephonic
communications has historically proven to be one of the most valuable
tools available to law enforcement in identifying both the perpetrators
and victims of crimes;
WHEREAS, the Internet is global in nature, and as such, poses challenges
when conducting multi-agency international investigations, including
delays imposed when obtaining local and international legal process;
WHEREAS, the IACP has previously noted in its Resolution of September
27, 2005 entitled bSupport for Preservation of Access to Publicly
Available Resources in Cyber Investigations, b CT23.a05, that electronic
forensic evidence is fleeting in nature, and law enforcement officials
must obtain timely access to this information to fulfill law enforcement
duties before the information is destroyed or otherwise becomes unavailable;
WHEREAS, criminals use the anonymity and international nature of the
Internet, and the fleeting nature of electronic evidence, to enhance
their ability to victimize citizens and thwart law enforcement
WHEREAS, publicly available bwhoisb databases containing information
involving the allocation of Internet resources, such as Internet
Protocol address space and domain names, are a critical tool used by law
enforcement, but may not remain publicly available, which would severely
hamper or eliminate the ability for law enforcement agencies to conduct
investigations in a timely manner;
WHEREAS, the failure of Internet access provider industry to retain
subscriber information, and source or destination information for any
uniform, predictable reasonable period, has resulted in the absence of
data, which has become a significant hindrance and even an obstacle in
certain investigations such as computer intrusion investigations and
child obscenity and exploitation investigations, although law
enforcement has generally acted expeditiously in processing lawful
requests to Internet providers;
WHEREAS, the migration in telephony from "toll service" to a nationwide
or continental flat rate billing system has substantially eroded law
enforcementbs ability to utilize lawful process to obtain telephone toll
records historically critical to the identification, detection and
prevention terrorist threat and the investigation of serious criminal
WHEREAS, the effect of the lack of uniform retention periods of
customer/subscriber records, and communication source and destination
data in various industries and amongst various providers in the same
industry has been to undermine law enforcementbs ability to predictably
prioritize investigations or strategically assign resources to those
investigations which are largely dependant upon the existence of such
data, and;
WHEREAS, the European Union addressed this problem in March 2006 by
passing a Directive on Data Retention, Directive 2006/24/EC, requiring
Member States to adopt laws to combat serious crime and terrorism by
requiring the retention of customer information and communication source
and destination information for a uniform minimum period, now,
therefore, be it -b
RESOLVED, that the IACP strongly urges national legislatures, the
Internet administration and telephony communities, including regional
Internet registries, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and
Numbers, domain-name registries, domain-name registrars, Internet access
and service providers and telecommunication providers to develop an
appropriate but uniform data retention mandate for both the
aforementioned Internet administration community and telephony service
providers requiring the retention of customer subscriber information,
and source and destination information for a minimum specified
reasonable period of time so that it will be available to the law
enforcement community, upon applicable legal process, to enhance public
safety and prevent, deter or detect terrorists and criminals through the
ability to investigate offenses facilitate by use of the Internet and
FURTHER RESOLVED, that the IACP membership actively engage their
respective governmental executive and legislative components, Internet
administration, and telephony industry communities and coordinate their
efforts to achieve the goal of providing consistent, equal, and uniform
lawful access to the above-referenced resources for all of the law
enforcement community.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-04-13 00:10:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Mandatory web labeling resurfaces in Congress, 
The idea of Web labeling has a long and undistinguished history. I remember encountering it while covering the Communications Decency Act trial in April 1996, when Brigham Young University Professor Dan Olsen said labeling adult Web pages with "-L18" was a terrific idea:
As an aside, I always figured that Olsen was the only remotely respectable fellow the Justice Department could dredge up to do its dirty work, even though his bio shows no publication or research in this Now, showing an impressive inability to learn from history, two Democratic senators have come up with the same scheme; I've summarized it here:
Senators Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Max Baucus of Montana are proposing that the Commerce Department come up with a label that "harmful to minors" Web sites must use (or face civil penalties). I've placed the draft of their bill here:
Oddly, Pryor seems to have not even read his own legislation; an earlier version of his press release said the Commerce Department could also pull the plug on offending Web sites, though that is not actually in the draft bill (I'm told it was in an earlier version):
Both congresscritters could stand to learn from the CDA three-judge panel's opinion, which called mandatory labeling "extremely burdensome for organizations that provide large amounts of material online which cannot afford to pay a large staff to review all of that material":
Another intriguing aspect is that their legislation tries to compel ICANN to create a database of harmful to minors content, complete with IP addresses and owner names. This nicely disproves the pleasant fiction that ICANN is an independent entity that can make independent decisions on topics like .xxx and materials that some Bible Belt prosecutor deems harmful to some minors, somewhere.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-04-13 00:16:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] The IRS and its computers: a 20 year upgrade, 
I edited a story earlier today that's worth sharing as the U.S. income tax deadline nears. It describes how the IRS has been trying to upgrade its computers for 20 years, has spent $5 billion, and still pays people to keystroke paper tax returns by hand:
This is part of our irregular series on the Feds' ailing computers. Here's one on the FBI's systems:
And one about Homeland Security (love the photos of index card files):
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-04-13 00:22:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech]  
A lawyer for the Republican National Committee told congressional staff members yesterday that the RNC is missing at least four years' worth of e-mail from White House senior adviser Karl Rove that is being sought as part of investigations into the Bush administration, according to the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
The briefing received by the Committee raises serious concerns about the White House compliance with the Presidential Records Act, which requires that the President btake all such steps as may be necessary to assure that the activities, deliberations, decisions, and policies that reflect the performance of his constitutional, statutory, or other official or ceremonial duties are adequately documented and that such records are maintained as Presidential records.b
The White House said Thursday that missing e-mail messages sent on Republican Party accounts may include some relating to the firing of eight United States attorneys.
April 12, 2007
Fred Fielding, Esq.
Counsel to the President
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20500
Dear Mr. Fielding:
We are troubled to learn through the press that the White House cannot account for the e-mails of almost two dozen people at the White House, including some the Senate Judiciary has asked to question in connection with our ongoing investigation.  Apparently these officials utilized e-mail accounts, addresses and equipment provided by the Republican National Committee and political campaigns to communicate about the plan to replace a number of United States Attorneys.  As you know, by letter dated  March 28, 2007, the Chairmen of both the House and Senate Judiciary Committees wrote to you asking that you collect and produce e-mails and documents sent from all e-mail accounts, addresses and domains relevant to these investigations, and made specific reference to the use of such political e-mail addresses.
The comments of two White House officials, which were cited in todaybs edition of the Washington Post, raise questions about whether the White House will be able to comply with the March 28 letter.  White House spokesman Scott Stanzel reportedly stated, b[t]he White House has not at this point done a good enough job at overseeing the practices of staff with political e-mail accounts," and confirmed that "[s]ome officials' e-mails have potentially been lost and that is a mistake that the White House is aggressively working to fix."   The second official who was cited, a White House lawyer who spoke on condition of anonymity, told the press at a briefing that White House staff is now being advised that if they question whether an e-mail is political or official, the staff should use their private accounts, but also preserve a copy to be sent to White House lawyers for a determination of whether the e-mail needs to be saved under the Presidential Records Act.
In light of these comments by White House officials, we would like to know what is being done to investigate and remedy this situation.  For example, we would like to know if the process described above by the anonymous White House lawyer is intended to apply prospectively only or if staff is also being advised that they should forward past e-mails from their private accounts to White House lawyers for review. Additionally, in reference to the statement that the White House bhas not . . . done a good enough job at overseeing practicesb regarding e-mail accounts, we would like to know what was done in the past and whether any private e-mail retention policies were in place.  We would also like to know how and when the White House first learned of the problem with private e-mail account usage and when it first came to light that e-mails may have been lost.
We recognize that the White House must and should investigate this matter in a timely fashion.  We also recognize that the congressional committees of jurisdiction have a separate obligation to investigate. To accommodate our separate obligations without slowing down or otherwise complicating the othersb efforts, we suggest that the White House consult with us and the other congressional committees engaged in affected investigations and that we jointly agree upon a fair and objective process for investigating this matter, including the use of a mutually trusted computer forensic expert.  Such a process would help to restore public confidence in the White Housebs desire to comply with the Presidential Records Act.  Moreover, it would ensure your office and the Congress that this matter is being taken seriously and that an objective process is employed to investigate, retrieve and reconstruct the information that is reportedly missing due to deleted or otherwise unretained e-mails.
PATRICK LEAHY                                                      ARLEN Chairman       Ranking Member
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-12-14 18:42:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Judge rules defendant can't be forced to divulge PGP 
I haven't been very prolific with Politech recently, in part because I'm  trying to send out only more important items rather than routine news stories. This one meets the importance test.
Text of article:
First three grafs:
  A federal judge in Vermont has ruled that prosecutors can't force a
  criminal defendant accused of having illegal images on his hard drive
  to divulge his PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) passphrase.
  U.S. Magistrate Judge Jerome Niedermeier ruled that a man charged with
  transporting child pornography on his laptop across the Canadian
  border has a Fifth Amendment right not to turn over the
  passphrase to prosecutors. The Fifth Amendment protects the right
  to avoid self-incrimination.
  Niedermeier tossed out a grand jury's subpoena that directed Sebastien
  Boucher to provide "any passwords" used with the Alienware
  laptop. "Compelling Boucher to enter the password forces him to
  produce evidence that could be used to incriminate him," the judge
  wrote in an order dated November 29 that went unnoticed until this
  week. "Producing the password, as if it were a key to a locked
  container, forces Boucher to produce the contents of his laptop."
Link to court opinion:
Orin Kerr's this-ruling-is-wrong post:
Link to Michael Froomkin's old law review article touching on this:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-02-02 09:47:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Is your domain safe from suspension? Here's a survey of 
So the discussion on Politech about the reliability of domain registrars
led to this survey, which we published today:
Excerpt: "We found that the French registrar Gandi.net and New
Orleans-based DirectNIC offered the most extensive guarantees against
unnecessary domain name suspension."
I've included the survey questions below. Previous Politech messages:
1. Under what circumstances will you suspend a customer's domain name
based on the content of his or her Web site, in the absence of a court
2. How many times a month, on average, do you suspend a customer's
domain name based on the content of his or her Web site?
3. What are the most common reasons for suspension?
4. How many domain names do your customers currently have registered
through you?
5. GoDaddy last week suspended its customer's domain, seclists.org,
because of a complaint from MySpace. Would you have done the same thing
in the same way if seclists.org happened to be your customer?
6. If you do suspend domain names in the absence of a court order, what
procedures do you have in place to ensure that the customer is notified
beforehand and given adequate opportunity to respond?
7. Do you believe that your most important responsibility is to provide
technical services to paying customers -- or is it to police the content
of their Web sites, FTP sites, and so on?
8. Are you attempting to recruit GoDaddy customers as a result of last
week's news about seclists.org?
9. If you do suspend domain names in the absence of a court order, how
do your customers go about getting their sites restored?
10. Do you have a dedicated department or person who handles issues
related to domain name suspensions?
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-02-05 11:07:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] German court bans police from installing Trojan Horses 
A few thoughts:
1. This seems to preclude German police from doing a remote search
(which would have to include malware or some way of exploiting a
security hole on the target's computer) even with a court order.
2. In the U.S., the FBI reportedly has developed similar malware called
Magic Lantern, which we've discussed here before:
3. I can't think of any domestic case offhand when we know for a fact
that the FBI has gained unauthorized remote access to a suspect's
system. Can anyone? The Scarfo case involved physical access, and this
remote intrusion case dealt with a computer in Russia:
German Court Nixes Hard Drive Search
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Published: February 5, 2007
Filed at 1:42 p.m. ET
BERLIN (AP) -- A German court on Monday ruled that police cannot
remotely search criminal suspects' computer hard drives over the
Internet without their knowledge.
The decision of the Federal Court of Justice in Karlsruhe bars police
from using the online ''Trojan horse'' method, which involves using a
computer program to search through remote hard drives over an Internet
connection, unless parliament passes a law explicitly allowing it.
Police will still be allowed to seize evidence from computer hard drives
when conducting searches in person.
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-02-06 23:45:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Data retention bill officially surfaces in the U.S. 
Well, it took a few years, but it finally happened. A data retention
bill was introduced today, courtesy of the those freedom-loving House
Republicans and their "law and order agenda." But it's actually a
Democrat (Rep. Diana DeGette) who's the most enthusiastic proponent of
this scheme, so you can bet that whatever happens will be bipartisan in
the end.
Oh, and the bill also includes mandatory Web labeling.
I've placed the documents here:
And my article is here:
Details about data retention requirements would be left to Gonzales. At
a minimum, the bill says, the regulations must require storing records
"such as the name and address of the subscriber or registered user to
whom an Internet Protocol address, user identification or telephone
number was assigned, in order to permit compliance with court orders."
Because there is no limit on how broad the rules can be, Gonzales would
be permitted to force Internet providers to keep logs of Web browsing,
instant message exchanges, or e-mail conversations indefinitely. (The
bill does not, however, explicitly cover search engines or Web hosting
companies, which officials have talked about before as targets of
Previous Politech message:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-02-09 00:55:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] New Jersey, 
So I spent part of this week at the RSA conference in San Francisco,
where I stopped by a panel that seemed to be created by and intended for
state DMV officials. The topic was the Real ID Act, and everyone seemed
to either like it a lot or be entirely in love with the scheme. All were
former or current government officials, and not one said it was a bad idea.
In fact, California and (especially) New Jersey loved it:
One idea they had was for the feds to mandate biometrics (fingerprint,
retinal scan, DNA sample) on these federalized ID cards. Right now DHS
can but isn't required to do so; we're still waiting for the regulations
to be made public.
Another idea came from Paula Arcioni, the chief information security
officer for New Jersey's Office of Information Technology, and a member
of the National Electronic Commerce Coordinating Council:
Clearly electronic commerce could never happen unless it were properly
"coordinated" by some state governments.
Anyway, Arcioni not only applauded the law but said it would be made
much better if it was turned into a microprocessor-enabled smartcard
that both state governments and corporations could use for online
Compare this to what Maine did a few weeks ago:
Guess these states either haven't gotten the message yet, or perhaps
these midlevel bureaucrats are simply so caught up in their own fiefdoms
that they ignore what the public actually wants.
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-02-09 01:09:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Sen. McCain proposes surveillance of illegal images 
Sens. McCain and Schumer have introduced the Securing Adolescents From
Exploitation-Online Act of 2007, which I've summarized here:
A draft is here (the final version isn't on Thomas yet):
Here's an excerpt from the press release:
"With all of the horrifying instances of children being exploited by
online predators, its stomach-churning that no law is on the books to
require Internet Service Providers to report instances of child
pornography on their services," Schumer said. "In a nutshell, this
legislation provides a common-sense tool to the growing problem of
Internet child pornography. While we canbt see everything that happens
on the Internet, we can work hard to build the next best thing b a
system to report the illegal activity that is discovered. Many of us
have worked for years to protect children b this bill takes our efforts
to the 21st Century."
An earlier version of the bill from December:
And, in somewhat related news, House committee chairmen announced four
privacy-related bills today:
I've placed them here:
And here's another anti-pretexting bill from Reps. Inslee and Blackburn:
Two more data breach bills, from Sens. Leahy and Specter, and Rep. Lamar
The Smith bill is here:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-24 01:06:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Data retention: Not just ISPs, but Google, 
The Bush administration has made it entirely clear that new laws forcing
Internet service providers to save certain customer records for police
convenience will be a priority this year. The concept is called data
retention (also known as treating all Americans as suspects).
This is not entirely new. The Bush Justice Department has been quietly
shopping it around since at least mid-2005; I wrote about it at the time:
But bureaucracies take a while to really get organized, and it wasn't
until last year that Gonzales and Mueller got their talking points lined
up and found some uncritical sympathizers in the U.S. Congress to carry
their water for them. Here's a timeline:
This brings us to the key questions: What's the scope? Who will have to
comply, and what type of data will be forcibly retained?
Certainly broadband Internet service providers will be regulated. But
how about coffee shops, bookstores, companies (like CNET) that provide
free open wireless points, or even private individuals who do? Will they
have to keep logs of who connects and what their users do? FBI and DOJ
have also talked about search engines being forced to comply:
This may not be a big deal for Google, which seems to want to retain all
user search data until the heat death of the universe, but it does limit
the valuable competition over privacy-friendly practices that's taking
place among search engines. AOL says it deletes personally identifiable
search data after 30 days (and does not keep backups), and Ixquick.com
is trying to differentiate itself from its rivals by embracing what its
CEO told me was "the privacy cause":
Domain name registrars have also been mentioned as targets of
regulation. Rep. Bart Stupak, a privacy-impaired Democrat now in a
position to make some mischief as chairman of an oversight subcommittee,
said in September that: "If we do compel data retention, is there any
reason Web hosting sites should be treated differently than ISPs?" See:
GoDaddy's general counsel was on the panel and, unfortunately for the
well-being of thousands of her customers, chose to curry favor by
agreeing with this constitutionally-challenged politico rather than
standing on principle. She allowed that such a law would be "productive"
for law enforcement but should not include the content of communications.
Unfortunately, in the realpolitik of Washington, that's tantamount to an
enthusiastic endorsement. And Gonzales has already signaled that he's
interested in more than just what IP address was assigned to what user.
That's defined as non-content data, and it's readily accessible to Joe
Local Cop (not to mention an FBI agent) armed with a simple subpoena, no
judge's signature required.
But last week (and nobody really noticed this), Gonzales suggested he
wants to force data retention laws on ISPs for data that "could be
accessed with a court order." See:
By talking about a court order instead of a subpoena, Gonzales seemed to
be implying content data instead of just IP addresses. A subpoena is
merely a request for documents signed by a lawyer; a court order is
signed by a judge and compliance isn't exactly optional. Federal law
draws a distinction:
I admit my interpretation relies on Gonzales being precise with his
words (though the alternative is realizing our nation's top law
enforcement officer knows less about court practices than a first year
law student). If I'm right, Gonzales is contemplating the content of
email you send, the content of web pages you visit, the content of IMs
you send, the content of VoIP calls you -- all recorded, or some subset
recorded, for future police convenience.
Earlier today, Eric Wenger, a trial attorney with the Justice
Department's computer crime unit, showed up at a bar association meeting
and said the DOJ does not have a position on "what records would have to
be retained":
One last thought: If all ISPs must keep track of what their users are
doing, then criminals, terrorists, First Amendment supporters and all
other miscreants would be more likely to use anonymizing proxies like
Tor or anonymizer.com. If the DOJ is serious about this anti-privacy
campaign, banning the use or operation of anonymizing services might be
a next step (after all, data retention probably doesn't help track
someone if he's using Tor).
Unlikely? Probably. But not impossible. Remember, back in 1997, one
House of Representatives committee voted to ban all encryption without
backdoors for the DOJ, a step that made about as much sense as today's
data retention mandates:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-24 01:14:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Computers, 
conference [priv]
[Disclaimer: I have the pleasure of being on the CFP program committee
this year. Proposals for panels, etc. are due January 31, 2007 (I'm
hoping to see some good ones on data retention). Hope to see many of you
in Montreal in May. --Declan]
The Program Committee of the Seventeenth Conference on Computers,
Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007) seeks your proposals for innovative
conference sessions and speakers.
The Computers, Freedom & Privacy Conference has been a leading venue for
public debate on the future of computing, privacy and freedom in the
online world for the past 16 years. Each year, key representatives from
government, business, education, and non-profits, including the legal,
law enforcement, security, media, consumer, and hacker communities, have
gathered together to discuss new technologies, anticipate policy trends
and issues and to help map the future of society. Attendees will meet
next May 1-4 in Montreal, Canada, to address cutting edge questions and
issues in computing, freedom and privacy.
This is only the second time that this conference has met in Canada, and
it is fitting that the theme this year is Autonomy in the 21st century.
 When the Internet was young, and this conference started out in San
Francisco where the watchword of a new generation was bthe Internet
wants to be freeb, hackers, social activists, scientists and government
officials faced off over issues like free speech, censorship,
pornography and cryptography controls.  Now we live in a world where
expectations of privacy and security appear to have plummeted in some
parts of our society, and in some parts of the Internet sub-culture.
Autonomy of the individual is threatened by control of personal
information and by the shift of control of computing from the owner and
user to the manufacturer and software developers.  New digital rights
management schemes appear, constantly eroding the rights and autonomy of
the purchaser of content.  Autonomy of groups is threatened by
increasing surveillance of all society, but especially the vulnerable.
Autonomy of countries and democracies is threatened by international
agencies which set standards and are less accountable to democratic
governments and the citizens, on issues from aviation control to
cybercrime and product safety.
Who is making the real decisions?
What oversight is there?
How can the average individual stay empowered in this digital age?
How can transparency, open government, and democracy itself survive in
the fearful global environment that we live in?
Proposals are welcomed on all aspects of computers, freedom, and
privacy. We strongly encourage proposals that explore some of the most
important issues affecting autonomy of the individual, of groups, and of
countries.  We are looking at issues facing the Internet and freedom,
including: global activism; technology and monopoly; individuals and
ubiquitous computing; technology and weapons; ICANN and Internet
governance; borders and censorship; the digital divide and the
disenfranchisement of vulnerable populations; biometric systems;
consumer privacy; wireless privacy and security; hacktivism;
intellectual property and intellectual freedom; digital rights
management and privacy; public records and private lives.
We are seeking proposals for tutorials, plenary sessions, workshops,
technical demonstrations, parallel sessions and birds-of-a-feather
sessions. We are also seeking suggestions for speakers and topics. The
conference runs from Tuesday, May 1, to Friday, May 4, and permits a
range of format and time slots, which the program committee will juggle
once we have your input.  Panel sessions should present a wide range of
thinking on a topic by including speakers from different viewpoints.
Complete submission instructions appear on the CFP2007 web site at
All submissions must be received by January 20, 2007. Proposals will be
reviewed by the CFP2007 Program Committee. The Program Committee will
notify submitters of the status of proposals no later than February 10th.
Submission Guidelines
All submissions must be made using the CFP2007 electronic submission
system. After filling out your contact information and other basic
information, you may e-mail the body (in plain text) of your submission
to us if you prefer at submissions at cfp2007.org. You will receive
instructions about where to mail the body of your submission after you
fill out the basic information on the submission form.
Submitters' contact information will be used only to contact them about
their submissions and to send them information about the CFP conference.
Session, tutorial, and workshop submissions must be received by November
30, 2006.  BOF submissions may be right up to the date of the
conference, but rooms will be available on a first-come, first-serve
basis.  We encourage late interventions that deal with breaking stories
and events, and will try to accommodate them on the program
If you have an idea for a session or other activity but do not have a
complete session proposal, please use the "topic or activity" suggestion
form. If you would like to nominate a speaker, please use the "speaker"
suggestion form. The Program Committee will give preference to complete
session proposals, but will also consider these suggestions as well. We
are particularly interested in suggestions for keynote speakers.
When providing information about proposed presenters, please do not
submit each presenter's entire resume! Just provide a few relevant details.
The Program Committee may accept parts of submissions without accepting
the entire submission. For example, the Program Committee might combine
multiple proposals, take a session topic but fill it in with different
speakers, or take a proposal submitted as a plenary session and turn it
into a workshop.
CFP generally does not provide speaker honoraria. We will waive the
conference registration fees for speakers from academic, non-profit, and
government institutions (except for BOFs). In addition, travel funding
may be available for some speakers on a case-by-case basis.
Plenary/Panel sessions:
Plenary sessions are sessions held in the main ballroom, which are
attended by all the conference participants (about 500 people). They may
take the form of a panel discussion or debate, but we encourage other
formats, including talk shows, games, moot courts, role plays, and other
creative ideas. Plenary sessions are 1 to 2 hours, and should include at
least 20 minutes for audience questions and discussion. When they take
the form of a panel discussion, we recommend that the panel include no
more than 3 to 5 participants (including a moderator).
Plenary sessions should be organized by the submitter (with help from
the Program Committee). The submitter may be one of the presenters, but
that is not required. We prefer submissions in which all the proposed
presenters have been confirmed by the submitter. However, we will also
consider submissions in which not all the speakers are confirmed,
especially if you list alternative speakers in case your top choices are
not available. You might also list a type of person rather than name
specific people (for example, an academic intellectual property lawyer,
or a musician who distributes music on the Internet for free). However,
it is helpful if you can list some possible names, so that the Program
Committee has some confidence that you will be able to find the kind of
people you describe.
Plenary and panel sessions are identical except that that panel sessions
will run concurrently whereas plenary sessions will be for the entire
[Example Plenary/Panel session submission]
If you have an idea for a plenary session but are not proposing to
organize it, please submit it as a "topic or activity suggestion."
See CFP 2006, Federal Privacy Legislation
11:15-12:30 (plenary session) and Concurrent Panel Sessions 1:00-2:00.
We are particularly interested in half-day tutorials (3 hours, including
break) that provide a crash course in a topic of interest to CFP
audiences. For example, tutorials on cyberspace law for non-lawyers and
encryption for non-technical people have been popular in the past. We
will also consider 1-1/2 hour tutorials and full-day tutorials.
Tutorials may be presented by a single presenter or a team of
presenters. Tutorials should be submitted by one of the proposed
presenters. If you have an idea for a tutorial but are not proposing to
present it, please submit it as a "topic or activity suggestion."
submissions closed
Workshops sessions are sessions held in parallel, with 30 to 200
conference attendees expected to attend each session. Workshop
submissions may include similar content to plenary sessions; however, we
are particularly interested in workshop submissions that take advantage
of having a smaller audience and promote audience interaction. In
addition to the formats suggested for plenary sessions, workshops might
take the form of a town hall meeting or a single speaker and audience
discussion. Workshops might also be proposed in which the participants
are broken up into small groups for brainstorming or discussion and then
the groups are brought back together.
Workshops should be organized by the submitter (with help from the
Program Committee). The submitter may be one of the presenters, but that
is not required. We prefer submissions in which all the proposed
presenters have been confirmed by the submitter. However, we will also
consider submissions in which not all the speakers are confirmed,
especially if you list alternative speakers in case your top choices are
not available. You might also list a type of person rather than name
specific people (for example, an academic intellectual property lawyer,
or a musician who distributes music on the Internet for free). However,
it is helpful if you can list some possible names, so that the program
committee has some confidence that you will be able to find the kind of
people you describe.
If you have an idea for a workshop but are not proposing to organize it,
please submit it as a "topic or activity suggestion."
[Example workshop session submission]
Birds-of-a-Feather Sessions
BOFs are informal evening sessions, usually attended by anywhere from 10
to 50 conference participants. They may include presentations, group
discussions, open meetings of organizations, or informal opportunities
for people with a common interest to meet each other. BOF submitters
should be prepared to organize the BOF that they submit.
[Example BOF submission]
See CFP 2004, BOFs Thursday April 22, 10-12 pm"
Hyde Park Corner Soapbox
Over the years, CFP has been noted for long queues at the question
microphones, and often questioners have indulged in ranting themselves,
rather than asking questions.  We have decided to give this activity a
home this year, by instituting the CFP Hyde Park Corner Microphone.  If
you have something that has to be said, book your time on the soapbox
now, to avoid disappointment.  The mike will be open at breakfast,
breaks and lunchtime.  hydepark at cfp2007.org
If you have further questions about submissions, please e-mail
submissions at cfp2007.org
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-29 13:14:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Update from Europe on data retention: What's happening 
Previous Politech message:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-10 23:27:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] DEA key logger used to eavesdrop in real time on alleged 
I've posted excerpts from the DEA PDFs at the link below and could post the PDFs themselves if there's sufficient interest. Previous Politech message, from way back in December 2000:
Feds use key logger to thwart PGP, Hushmail
July 10, 2007 4:45 AM PDT
A recent court case provides a rare glimpse into how some federal agents deal with encryption: by breaking into a suspect's home or office, implanting keystroke-logging software, and spying on what happens from afar.
An agent with the Drug Enforcement Administration persuaded a federal judge to authorize him to sneak into an Escondido, Calif., office believed to be a front for manufacturing the drug MDMA, or Ecstasy. The DEA received permission to copy the hard drives' contents and inject a keystroke logger into the computers.
That was necessary, according to DEA Agent Greg Coffey, because the suspects were using PGP and the encrypted Web e-mail service Hushmail.com. Coffey asserted that the DEA needed "real-time and meaningful access" to "monitor the keystrokes" for PGP and Hushmail Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-07-12 00:36:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] DEA key logger docs in Ecstasy drug case posted online 
I've placed two relevant documents from the DEA key logger use here:
I remember writing this article for Wired in 2001 about how one antivirus company reportedly contacted the FBI and pledged not to detect malicious fedware:
It seems that spyware and key loggers are far more advanced and commonplace today than they were six years ago, as are anti-spyware tools. I wonder if the FBI could seek a court order requiring an anti-spyware company not to report fedware (as in, fedware would be whitelisted if detected and the customer would not be alerted).
Anyone worried about this could always run free software, where the risk to a user would be lower. (Yes, I know, the compiler could be compromised or a clever and subtle backdoor in the source not detected, but it's still less risky if that's the threat model.)
Previous Politech message:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-07-17 10:03:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Will security firms detect police spyware? A survey of 
Last week I sent out a note wondering about the Feds forcing security companies to whitelist police spyware (either through a court order or old-fashioned coercion):
Subsequently, a colleague at CNET and I did a survey asking 13 of the top anti-spyware vendors, including Symantec, McAfee, IBM, and Microsoft, three questions:
1. Have you ever had any discussions with any government agency, not counting conversations related to a lawful court order signed by a judge, about not detecting spyware or keystroke loggers installed by a police or intelligence agency?
2. Is it your policy to alert the user to the presence of any spyware or keystroke logger, even if it is installed by a police or intelligence agency in the absence of a lawful court order signed by a judge?
3. Have you ever received such a court order signed by a judge requiring you to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in terms of not detecting government-installed spyware or delivering government spyware to your users?
The short answer is that we received "No" answers from all 13 companies to the second question. But not all would reply to the third.
The article with the summary of the survey is here:
The actual survey results, verbatim, are here:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-07-17 12:17:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Correction on security firms and detecting spyware [priv] 
Whoops! I mistyped when sending out the last message. To be clear, we asked the 13 companies this question:
"Is it your policy to alert the user to the presence of any spyware or
keystroke logger, even if it is installed by a police or intelligence
agency in the absence of a lawful court order signed by a judge?"
And we received 13 responses saying YES, it was their policy. Putting this thing together was a beast (about 5,000 words including the verbatim responses) and you can tell that I'm a bit frazzled as a result.
Previous Politech message:
And, by way of comparison, here's something from the archives saying Symantec in 2001 would overlook FBI spyware:
And McAfee apparently saying the same:
But then McAfee challenged the AP article:
At least now we have them on the record in a less ambiguous way. (The court order clause could be a loophole, but National Security Letters aren't signed by a judge so I don't think it's a big one.)
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-07-18 11:14:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] FBI remotely installs spyware to trace bomb threat [priv] 
There have been rumors for years about the FBI remotely installing spyware via e-mail or by exploiting an operating system vulnerability from afar b and now there's confirmation.
Last month, the FBI obtained a federal court order to remotely install spyware called CIPAV (Computer and Internet Protocol Address Verifier) to find out who was behind a MySpace account linked to bomb threats sent to a high school near Olympia, Wash.
The story is here:
I've posted the FBI affidavit, which is interesting reading, and a summary of the CIPAV results that the FBI sent back to a magistrate judge, here:
Here's a Slashdot thread:
Wired's article on CIPAV notes that the FBI's 2008 budget request includes $220,000 to "purchase highly specialized equipment and technical tools used for covert (and) overt search and seizure forensic operations... This funding will allow the technology challenges (sic) including bypass, defeat or compromise of computer systems":
All this is quite timely given our discussion yesterday about security firms detecting spyware:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-06-28 00:41:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Senate backs away from Real ID Act [priv] 
So the U.S. Senate on Wednesday took a surprisingly anti-Real ID Act stand in a vote related to the immigration bill being debated this week.
The proceduralia is a little complex: fans of Real ID tried to table (that is, kill) an anti-Real ID amendment sponsored by Baucus and Tester. That vote failed by 45 to 52.
An article I wrote is here:
A list of the amendments with page numbers is here:
You can see that the Baucus-Tester amendment starts on page 131, so go to that page in this PDF:
This is the underlying bill it's amending (search for Real ID, including in section 302):
This is preliminary, true, but it's refreshing to see some skepticism about Real ID in what purports to be the world's greatest deliberative body. A press release follows.
June 27, 2007
BAUCUS, TESTER HALT IMMIGRATION DEBATE
Senators' Measure To Get Rid Of REAL ID Stalls Sweeping Immigration Bill
(WASHINGTON, D.C.) - Montana Sens. Max Baucus and Jon Tester brought the
debate over immigration reform to a grinding halt today on the Senate
floor. After opponents of Baucus and Tester's amendment to strike REAL
ID requirements failed to muster a majority of votes, debate on the
controversial immigration bill came to a standstill.
Baucus and Tester's provision strikes language from the immigration bill
that requires employers to check the eligibility of their prospective
employees only using identification documents that comply with REAL ID,
a federal mandate the Montana senators say amounts to a national ID
Opponents failed to kill the Baucus-Tester amendment today on a thin
45-52 vote. It wasn't immediately clear what effect the vote will have
on the underlying bill, but opponents have called the provisions a "deal
breaker" as it relates to the whole immigration bill. Baucus said he
thinks the vote is a "death knell to a bad immigration bill." Senate
business, which was early slated to extend into Wednesday evening,
halted for the night after the controversial Baucus-Tester vote.
"We scored a major victory today in our efforts to protect privacy and
defeat a bad immigration bill at the same time," said Baucus, Montana's
senior U.S. Senator. "If Jon and I just brought down the entire bill,
that's good for Montana and the country."
REAL ID requires states to standardize their driver's licenses and build
costly new databases that the federal government can access, essentially
creating a national ID system.  Earlier this year, the Montana
Legislature unanimously passed legislation refusing to implement the
program because it invades privacy and can expose private information to
identity thieves, and because of its enormous cost.
Tester, a member of the Senate Homeland Security Committee and a staunch
supporter of privacy rights, said REAL ID isn't needed to toughen
national security.
"If by fighting to keep government out of people's private lives, Max
Baucus and I stopped the senate from passing this flawed immigration
bill, then this was a real victory for Montana and the American people,"
Tester said.
Baucus and Tester cited several other reasons for their amendment:
*	Employers don't need REAL ID to verify the eligibility of their
employees.  They currently check eligibility using existing documents,
such as birth certificates, a drivers license, or a passport.
*	More and more states are rejecting the REAL ID Act.  Fifteen
other states in addition to Montana have enacted legislation opposing or
refusing to implement the program.
*	The immigration bill only authorizes $1.5 billion for REAL ID,
although estimates put the actual cost for states as high as $23
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-03-07 00:30:32
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Politech back from hiatus (and a quick note on the Free 
Sorry, folks, for the lack of Politech updates recently. I've been
traveling more than I'd like and haven't been as caught up on email as
I'd like. One stop was speaking at a UNESCO conference in Paris also
organized by the World Press Freedom Committee and the World Association
of Newspapers, which I wrote about here:
Another stop was the Free State Project's Liberty Forum in Concord, NH.
The Free State Project is, of course, the grassroots group that is
organizing a political migration to New Hampshire in hopes of creating a
freer society along libertarian lines.
That means activism of the most local and non-glamorous sort: holding
social events, trying to get pro-liberty candidates elected,
buttonholing politicos when possible. It's helped along not only by the
state's "Live Free or Die" culture but also the fact that New
Hampshire's legislature has around 424 members (thus each represents a
relatively small number of residents).
So far it's unclear how well this is going to work. They've signed up
some 20,000 people so far in principle, and say they know of about 200
who have already moved. But two things that the Free Staters have going
for them is that it's a social bunch of people and, based on my
impression over four days, devoid of any serious internal conflicts that
could imperil the effort.
It's worth watching to see what happens -- and, if you're able to work
remotely and are looking for a change of scenery, you could do worse
than give New Hampshire a try. The border's about 25 miles from Boston
and the state has no sales tax or income tax.
Rep. Ron Paul, a free-market Texas Republican who has announced
tentative plans to seek his party's nomination, spoke there:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-03-07 00:42:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Real ID Act regulations finally released by Homeland 
We've had plenty of discussions about the Real ID Act here on Politech,
including these:
But so far it's been difficult to figure out how bad the bloody law will
be in practice. That's because the Department of Homeland Security has
remarkably broad power to come up with regulations, which they finally
did in draft form:
Here's a summary I wrote trying to put this in perspective:
Among the outstanding unanswered questions: Will the final rules include
an RFID tag? Will all drivers licenses have a standard design dictated
by Homeland Security? Will the information that has to be stored on the
nationalized licenses (in the form of a 2D barcode) be encrypted?
The deadline extension by Homeland Security was cunning. It's almost
certainly intended to fragment opposition in state capitals. If the
federalized ID card doesn't have to be complete until 2013 -- the
earlier date was 2008 -- state DMVs won't be as alarmed right now and
voters won't be either.
Here's some more background:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-03-07 01:01:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Justice Department's new data retention target: 
Once upon a time, the concept of mandatory data retention seemed almost
reasonable. What's the big difference between an ISP keeping data on
users for a year instead of six months? Rep. Diana DeGette & co spent a
large portion of last year talking about babies being raped thanks to
the Internet and how that could be prevented by data retention -- and if
they're right, who could be against the idea?
Well, it turns out that the Bush administration wants far more than just
that. In a private meeting with industry groups last week, Assistant
Attorney General Rachel Brand and other officials said they wanted to
target Web sites that let users upload images or video:
This is consistent with a Politech post from January, in which I said
that search engines, domain registrars, and Web hosting services have
also been talked about as data retention targets:
Unfortunately, we don't know exactly what the Justice Department has in
mind. (A real problem is that discussions on this topic have been both
vague and secretive. No language has been circulated, at least as of
last week, so we can only speculate.)
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-03-07 12:12:47
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] France bans citizens from recording violence, 
Background on "happy slapping":
un risque pour  l'information citoyenne
English / frangais
Reporters Without Borders / Internet Freedom desk
NEW PREVENTION OF CRIMINALITY LAW POSES THREAT TO CITIZEN REPORTING
Reporters Without Borders voiced concern today
about a new French law on the prevention of
criminality following its approval by the
constitutional council on 5 March. "The sections
of this law supposedly dealing with 'happy
slapping' in fact have a much broader scope, and
posting videos online showing violence against
people could now be banned, even if it were the
police who were carrying out the violence," the
organisation said.
"We make no assumptions about the government's
intentions and we recognise the need to prevent
the spread of 'happy slapping,' but this law
introduces a dangerous distinction between
professional journalists, allowed to disseminate
images of violence, and ordinary citizens, who
could be jailed for the same thing," Reporters
Without Borders continued.
"It is particularly regrettable that the law
would forbid the online distribution of images
showing acts of violence by the security forces,"
the press freedom organisation added.
The law on the prevention of criminality
which was adopted on 13 February, was referred to
the constitutional council by the socialist group
in parliament. The referral did not specifically
concern the section dealing with 'happy slapping.'
The law provides for sentences of up to five
years in prison and fines of 75,000 euros for
disseminating images concerning the offences
listed in 222-1 to 222-14-1 and 222-23 to 222-31
of the criminal code. These offences range from
acts of serious violence ("torture" and "acts of
barbarity") to ordinary physical attacks. Article
222-13 concerns violence "committed by an agent
of the state in the exercise of his duties."
The law specifies that the ban "is not applicable
when the recording or dissemination is the result
of the normal exercise of a profession whose
purpose is to inform the public or if it is
carried out with the aim of serving as judicial
'Happy slapping' is a physical attack on a person
carried out with the aim of obtaining a video
recording of the attack, which is then circulated
by mobile phone or posted on the Internet.
Reporters Without Borders points out that all
Internet users are now in a position to
participate in the creation and dissemination of
information. They are often the "recorders" of an
event, especially thanks to mobile phones with
photo and video capability, and can disseminate
their own content online.
These "citizen journalists" can play a role in
monitoring the activities of the authorities
throughout the world. In Egypt, for example,
bloggers recently revealed a series of scandals
involving the security services and showed, by
means of video recordings made clandestinely in
detention centres, that torture is still
regularly practised in Egypt.
In the field of human rights, it is them and not
professional journalists who have been
responsible for the most reliable reports and
information - the information that has most upset
the government. Reporters Without Borders thinks
it would be shocking if this kind of activity,
which constitutes a safeguard against abuses of
authority, were to be criminalized in a
democratic country.
Create your blog with Reporters Without Borders,
and read our weekly blog review at LOI SUR LA PREVENTION DE LA DELINQUANCE : UN
RISQUE POUR L'INFORMATION CITOYENNE
Reporters sans frontihres exprime son inquiitude
aprhs la validation par le Conseil
constitutionnel, le 5 mars 2007, de la loi sur la
privention de la dilinquance. "Les passages de ce
texte censis traiter du 'happy slapping' ont en
rialiti une portie beaucoup plus large. Les
internautes se voient disormais interdire de
publier des vidios montrant des violences sur
personne, mjme si ces actes sont commis par les
forces de police", a diclari l'organisation.
"Nous ne prisumons pas des intentions du
gouvernement et reconnaissons qu'il est
nicessaire d'empjcher la propagation du 'happy
slapping'. Mais cette loi introduit une
distinction dangereuse entre les journalistes
professionnels, autorisis ` diffuser des images
de violences, et les simples citoyens, qui
risquent la prison pour les mjmes faits. Il est
particulihrement regrettable que ce texte
instaure une interdiction de faire circuler sur
Internet les images d'iventuelles exactions
commises par les forces de l'ordre", a ajouti
La loi sur la privention de la dilinquance
adoptie le 13 fivrier 2007, avait iti portie
devant le Conseil constitutionnel par le groupe
socialiste ` l'Assemblie. Mais la saisine ne
portait pas spicifiquement sur le passage de la
loi didii au happy slapping.
Le texte privoit des peines allant jusqu'` cinq
ans de prison et 75 000 euros d'amende pour la
diffusion d'images portant sur les infractions
mentionnies dans les articles 222-1 ` 222-14-1 et
222-23 ` 222-31 du code pinal. Les dilits
concernis vont des actes de violence graves
("tortures" et "actes de barbarie") ` de simples
agressions. L'article 222-13 porte sur les
violences "commises par un dipositaire de
l'autoriti publique (?) dans l'exercice (?) de
ses fonctions".
La loi pricise que cette interdiction "n'est pas
applicable lorsque l'enregistrement ou la
diffusion risulte de l'exercice normal d'une
profession ayant pour objet d'informer le public
ou est rialisi afin de servir de preuve en
Le Happy slapping est l'agression physique d'une
personne commise dans le but d'obtenir un film de
cette agression. Le document vidio est ensuite
ichangi par le biais de tiliphones portables ou
publii sur Internet.
Reporters sans frontihres rappelle que tous les
internautes ont aujourd'hui la possibiliti de
participer ` la criation et ` la diffusion de
l'information. Ils sont parfois les "capteurs"
d'un ivinement, grbce notamment aux tiliphones
portables capables d'enregistrer des images et
des vidios, et peuvent diffuser leurs propres
contenus sur le Net. Ces "journalistes citoyens"
ont notamment une fonction de surveillance de
l'activiti des pouvoirs publics partout dans le
monde. En Egypte, par exemple, des blogueurs ont
ricemment rivili une sirie de scandales
impliquant les services de sicuriti et dimontri,
au moyen de vidios tournies clandestinement dans
des centres de ditention, que la torture itait
encore rigulihrement pratiquie dans ce pays. Dans
le domaine des droits de l'homme, ce sont eux, et
non des journalistes professionnels, qui ont iti
` l'origine des informations les plus fiables et
les plus dirangeantes pour le gouvernement.
Reporters sans frontihres considhre qu'il serait
choquant que ce type d'activiti, qui constitue un
garde-fou important contre d'iventuelles dirives
du pouvoir, soit criminalisi dans un pays
Bureau Internet et libertis / Internet Freedom desk
Reporters sans frontihres / Reporters Without Borders
TEL: ++ 33 (0) 1 44 83 84 71
FAX: ++ 33 (0) 1 45 23 11 51
internet at rsf.org
- Do something good by creating your blog with us.
- Read our weekly "blog review"
 / "L'actualiti des midias" (en frangais)
Read our handbook for bloggers and cyber-dissidents :
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-03-20 23:35:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] FBI illegal use of eavesdropping powers: not just 
So we've all heard about the FBI's misuse of national security letters. The Justice Department's inspector general came out with a report on March 9 describing "serious misuse" of the letters, which are secret subpoena-like documents that can be sent to businesses including banks, telephone companies, and ISPs:
I wrote about the inspector general's report here:
And in fact the inspector general, Glenn Fine, is going to be testifying about them in the Senate on Wednesday at 10am ET:
Fine showed up before a House committee on Tuesday and faced a hostile audience -- not that the FBI's illegal acts are his fault, mind you, but Bush administration officials seem oddly reluctant to testify in public under oath nowadays:
The odd thing is that everyone, or nearly everyone, seems to think this is entirely unexpected. In fact, it's a natural consequence of giving the federal government more and more power over the years (national security letters were made much more powerful by the Patriot Act). Incentives matter, and the FBI has plenty of incentives to expand its power and surveillance ability and precious few incentives to preserve Americans' constitutional liberties.
To give credit to EPIC, they realized this and sent a letter to the Senate in June 2006 asking for more oversight:
So have libertarian writers, who for years have called national security letters "the ultimate constitutional farce," which is about right. The letters represent FBI agents _authorizing themselves_ to seize information without bothering to get a judge's approval, after all:
Occasionally other evidence about illegal FBI eavesdropping comes to light, which is what I described in an article published two days before the DOJ's report:
That article outlines how FBI agent Scott Wenther submitted a 42-page sworn affidavit that was intentionally designed to mislead the court into approving what a judge called an "illegal" wiretap. I've put the some of the court documents here:
This is of course the same federal police agency that is using our tax dollars to lobby Congress to mandate data retention, which should make us think twice about how _that_ nice part of the surveillance apparatus will be used and misused:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-09-21 14:10:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Colorado sheriff creates roadblock so private firm can 
I've been behind on Politech recently, but this story made me irritated enough to catch up on things.
The Gilpin County Sheriff's Office in Colorado, a rural area not that far west of Denver, recently set up a highway checkpoint where motorists were stopped and, at least in some cases, not allowed to leave until they gave breath, blood, and saliva samples for the benefit of a private research firm. A report by Ernie Hancock says the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration was involved as well.
A Denver Post article is here:
The Post says the private organization in question is the Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation, or PIRE, in Calverton, MD. Their Web site seems to be down but can be viewed here:
This seems to be a fine opportunity for Politech readers to let PIRE executives and Gilpin County supervisors know what they think about police abusing their authority at the demand of a private research firm.
Gilpin County email addresses:
rbaker at co.gilpin.co.us, scate at co.gilpin.co.us, pubcomment at co.gilpin.co.us
PIRE email addresses: langevin at pire.org, info at pire.org, mblackston at pire.org
The thoroughly-misnamed PIRE is a major DC government contractor (and in fact its offices are within walking distance of the Beltway). It specializes in funneling over $35 million of taxpayer money a year into its own coffers through law enforcement contracts of dubious utility, mostly dealing with drugs and alcohol, from sources including the U.S. Department of Justice. 100 percent of its budget appears to come from government contracts or grants.
Although PIRE pretends to be a "nonprofit" organization -- at least that label helps to collect those fat taxpayer-funded checks from the DOJ -- in reality it spends about $1.35 million a year on lobbyists. Not a bad 30-fold return on investment. And its employees are paid six-figure salaries that would be handsome even by for-profit standards.*
PIRE seems to specialize in devising new and intrusive ways of government meddling in personal lives. One PIRE success story helps to coerce retailers to card octogenarians who dare to try to buy a bottle of Cabernet. ("This method of enforcement gives retailers the necessary incentive to comply with the statebs law regarding the sale of alcohol, given that their next customer could be part of a compliance check. The Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation (PIRE) has developed a detailed document to assist in the development and implementation of compliance checks." See:
PIRE is an ardent supporter of the War On (Some Politically Unacceptable) Drugs, also known as an excellent way for Feds and contractors to fleece the public in a war that will never end, eviscerate the Fourth Amendment, and create a police state with perfectly legal no-knock raids. One PIRE researcher who focuses on "middle-school-based drug prevention programs" and has written a paper claiming anti-drug programs in schools actually work:
PIRE also supports higher taxes on alcohol and firmly opposes lowering the minimum drinking age to be akin to Europe or Canada (something that would probably do much to limit abuse). See:
I'm sure that PIRE will be delighted to hear from the members of the public that pay its executive salaries. And if course if they have apologized for the Colorado incident, and pledge never to rely on such underhanded tactics again, I'd be delighted to send along a response from them.
* Robert Carpenter, PIRE's CEO, was paid $221,785 in 2005
Ted Langevin, a VP/CFO, was paid $200,760
Joel Grube, a PIRE research director, was paid $237,075
Ted Miller, a PIRE research director, was paid $192,444
Jan van der Eijk, IS director, was paid $194,532
Paul Gruenwald, a science director, was paid $212,437
Robert Saltz, an associate director, was paid $191,527
Genevive Ames, a staff director, was paid $183,770
I've put PIRE's 2005 990 form here so you can see for yourself:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2007-09-21 14:16:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Paul Levy: Politicians, 
Like Paul, I'm having a hard time figuring out which is more loathsome: a censorial politician or a a censorial informercial king. I think it's the politician, who's named Judy Gatelli, but it is a tough choice between two exceptionally well-qualified candidates.
Ms. Gatelli's email address is jgatelli at scrantonpa.gov.

@_date: 2007-09-21 15:33:42
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] MIT student picking up friend at airport nearly shot, 
An MIT student named Star Simpson was apparently picking up a friend at Boston Logan airport and wore a sweatshirt with a breadboard and some LEDs and a 9V battery. She had created it for a student career day.
Big mistake. She was nearly killed by police (armed with semiautomatic weapons that some jurisdictions prevent law-abiding Americans from owning) who surrounded her. State Police Maj. Scott Pare actually told the press that she was "extremely lucky she followed the instructions or deadly force would have been used... She's lucky to be in a cell as opposed to the morgue."
Star was charged with violating the state's hoax device/infernal machine law, which shows you just how officious -- and perhaps even crazed -- police and prosecutors are nowadays. That law provides up to five years in prison.
As I wrote back in February after the Aqua Teen Hunger Force incident, for prosecutors to win their case, they must prove that (1) Star transported the LED-sweatshirt (2) "with the intent to cause anxiety, unrest, fear or personal discomfort." (3) Also, a person must "reasonably" believe that the LED-sweatshirt was (4) a "device for endangering life or doing unusual damage to property, or both, by fire or explosion." See:
Obviously the state will lose this case, but filing charges is more politically convenient than admitting the cops made an error, or at the very least admitting that the student was just wearing a harmless sweatshirt. Here are the "infernal machine" cases in which the state *did* win -- when the devices actually were dangerous:
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2008-02-21 03:57:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [IP] Cold Boot Attacks on Disk Encryption 
The paper published today makes some pretty strong claims about the  vulnerabilities of Microsoft's BitLocker, Apple's FileVault,  TrueCrypt, Linux's dm-crypt subsystem, and similar products.
So I put the folks behind it to a test. I gave them my MacBook laptop  with FileVault turned on, powered up, encrypted swap enabled, and the  screen saver locked.
They were in fact able to extract the 128-bit AES key; I've put screen  snapshots of their FileVault bypass process here:
And my article with responses from Microsoft, Apple, and PGP is here:
Bottom line? This is a very nicely done attack. It's going to make us  rethink how we handle laptops in sleep mode and servers that use  encrypted filesystems (a mail server, for instance).
- -Declan

@_date: 2008-02-21 03:57:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [IP] Cold Boot Attacks on Disk Encryption 
The paper published today makes some pretty strong claims about the
vulnerabilities of Microsoft's BitLocker, Apple's FileVault,
TrueCrypt, Linux's dm-crypt subsystem, and similar products.
So I put the folks behind it to a test. I gave them my MacBook laptop
with FileVault turned on, powered up, encrypted swap enabled, and the
screen saver locked.
They were in fact able to extract the 128-bit AES key; I've put screen
snapshots of their FileVault bypass process here:
And my article with responses from Microsoft, Apple, and PGP is here:
Bottom line? This is a very nicely done attack. It's going to make us
rethink how we handle laptops in sleep mode and servers that use
encrypted filesystems (a mail server, for instance).
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2011-12-01 05:45:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Carrier IQ May Have Violated Wiretap Law In Millions Of Cases 
[From Dave Farber's IP]
On the other hand, Carrier IQ may *not* have violated wiretap law in
millions of cases.
Dan Rosenberg said that he has reverse-engineered Carrier IQ and found "no
evidence that they are collecting anything more than what they've publicly
claimed: anonymized metrics data." He found "no code in CarrierIQ that
actually records keystrokes for data collection purposes." See:
  John Graham-Cumming also is unconvinced:
"If you watch the 'security researcher's' video you'll find that nowhere
does he make the claim that content that the application sees is leaving
the device... At no point does he enter a debugger and look inside the
CarrierIQ application, and at no point does he run a network sniffer and
look at what data is being transmitted to CarrierIQ."
  Sprint said today that "we do not and cannot look at the contents of
messages, photos, videos, etc., using this tool," which is a pretty broad
  I hope that IPers remember the panic earlier this year when Samsung was
falsely accused of installing key loggers on laptops. Network World, which
ran the article, ended up deleting it and saying, in a lovely passive voice,
that "an apology has been issued":
  If Carrier IQ is transmitting keystrokes or the contents of communications,
I'll be the first to call them on it. But, as far as I know after watching
the video, nobody has demonstrated that's what the software actually does.

@_date: 2011-01-06 01:16:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Assange as the Stainless Steel Rat 
jya on Tue, Jan 04, 2011 at 10:04:42AM -0500
References: A friend mentioned this discussion to me, and, egads, I found out I'm
still subscribed to this list after all these years.
John Young is more right than he knows (or, being John, he may know
more about this than the rest of us).
This Vanity Fair article posted a few hours ago makes for some
interesting reading about the carefully curated, not always civil,
relationship between WL and the MSM:

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IP: RE: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carn  
ivore us e
ip-sub-1 at majordomo.pobox.com
Maybe you're right. Maybe this expansion of warrantless surveillance powers is unobjectionable. Maybe the FBI and the state law enforcement agencies that will be able to legally use Carnivore without a court order in some circumstances will prove entirely trustworthy. Maybe they truly do need this power in emergencies. Maybe it'll even stop some terrorists. Maybe you're correct to say, "What's the big deal?"
But let's have that discussion in public, during daylight hours, in a hearing room where reasoned conversation can take place. Let's ask the FBI director and the attorney general to testify, and let's invite representatives from groups like the ACLU, CDT and EPIC to join them. Let's allow senators to ask the bill's sponsors tough questions about what this oddly-written legislation really does. And let's give them as much time as they need to answer.
What we shouldn't do is rush substantial rewrites of wiretapping law through the Senate in the middle of the night, just two days after the worst terrorist attack ever, when the country is in the throes of a national emergency. What we shouldn't do is have the legislation's sponsors

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on "new physics" 
Righto. It's a staple of the UFO fringe. See:
And then there was this, which I wrote 2.5 years ago. Some folks,
including I believe Tim, said at the time that I was being too
uncritical, and looking back, they was right. It's a little painful to
read; at the very least I should have reversed the order of the

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Internet Hoax Articles Considered Harmful=20 
Almost. The most obvious sign that this is a hoax is your inclusion
of the state in the dateline. For major cities, it's usually not =
----I knew it was a hoax because I read the =
original article, which read:
Ridge stressed that the U.S moves to limit false =
news articles=20
will be done with input from civil liberties groups, saying the =
moves are=20
``against info-terrorists, info-terrorism, their sanctuaries and =
supporters, those who harbor them, those who give sanctuary to those =
who harbor them, those who support those who give =
sanctuary to=20
who harbor them, those who associate with those who =
give them=20
sanctuary, or harbor them, those we suspect of being =
associated with those who are associated with those who give them =
or harbor them, those who are suspected of voting =
for the=20
rulers of any
country which has given them support, sanctuary, or =
those who may associate in the future with someone =
who might=20
giving them support, sanctuary, or harboring=20
I cut it short, because the original is 378 =
Suffice it to say that the ParaMeters for who is =
TargetAble as=20
a Certified BadGuy has recently gotten =
Wider...and can be=20
expected to MushRoom(BOOM!) at an
expoential rate in the near future, now that THEY =
[TM] have=20
seen the Ease with
which THEY [TM] can SMEAR just about anyone THEY =
[TM] please=20
by Painting a Wider Swath via =
(Can eWe Say "I Only Sent A Single eMail To Jim Bell =
In My=20
Whole Life?")
((Sure, eWe Can...))
SomeOne Who Didn't Actually *Write* This =
But Who Knows An Uncle Of The Person Who =
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: No subject 
In my opinion, everything should be left to the market to solve, and nothing
to politicians. I'd agree with you about the courts if they were private.
