
@_date: 2006-01-03 23:14:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [Politech] Feds begin "behavior monitoring" of air travelers this 
[Via the Independent Institute. Another reason to get your own pilot's
license for shorter flights. It's not that expensive. See
 and, for a $59 introductory flight:
 --Declan]
AIRPORT SCREENING TO BECOME MORE INTRUSIVE, BUT NOT MORE EFFECTIVE
This year the U.S. Transportation Security Agency will begin behavior
monitoring of airplane passengers at 40 major American airport, reports
Ivan Eland, director of the Independent Institute's Center on Peace &
Liberty. "The screeners," writes Eland in his latest op-ed, "will look
for 'suspicious' signs that might indicate a passenger could be a
terrorist: having dry lips or a throbbing carotid artery (I'm not
kidding), failure to make eye contact with or say hello to the screener,
or evasive or slow answers to casual questions asked by the screener."
Eland notes several flaws with this approach: It hasn't been
field-tested for real-world effectiveness. It could easily transform
into racial profiling. It fails to reduce the underlying causes of
anti-U.S. terrorism. Terrorists who have practiced looking innocent
could circumvent it easily. What, then, is the program good for?
"Since the behavior detection program is unlikely to catch many
professional terrorists, perhaps its real goal is to improve the morale
of the unloved screeners by giving the public some incentive to be nice
to them," writes Eland. "So next time you travel by air, don't forget
your fake smile and ChapStick."
Will it last? Independent Institute Senior Fellow Robert Higgs suggests
that the public probably will tolerate greater intrusions by TSA airport
screeners. "Strange as it might seem, most people get used to being
treated as criminals or inmates in a concentration camp," Higgs wrote
last month. "Americans are no exception. Keep beating them down, and
eventually you will produce a thoroughly cowed and compliant herd, a
mass of pliant raw material in the hands of their political masters,
perfectly willing to sacrifice their dignity rather than irritate an
airport-security thug and be made to miss a flight. And heaven forbid
that they write their congressional representative to complain. Such
impudence might get them placed on some black list at the TSA or even at
the FBI. Best to keep quiet, stay in line, act as they are ordered to act."
See "Chatting Up the TSA," by Ivan Eland (12/30/05)
SPANISH TRANSLATION:
"Adulando a la Administraci?n de la Seguridad del Transporte"
Also see "Traveling Sheep," by Robert Higgs (12/14/05)
"Oveja Viajera"
To purchase THE EMPIRE HAS NO CLOTHES: U.S. Foreign Policy Exposed, by
Ivan Eland, see
To purchase PUTTING "DEFENSE" BACK IN U.S. DEFENSE POLICY, by Ivan
Eland, see
Center on Peace & Liberty (Ivan Eland, director)
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
