
@_date: 1993-04-19 10:31:30
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: FWEE!: Silence is Golden, already 
Lance Detweiler wrote a rather stinging (and somewhat rude, IMHO) rebuttal of
Will Kinney's posting:
Mr. Detweiler's (who is otherwise pretty sensible and intelligent on this
list) comments annoy me tremendously. To imagine that Mr. Kinney is without
passion just because he doesn't run across the ice without listening for
cracks first is to vastly underestimate his intelligence. That sort of
thinking gets your tail wet every time, Lance. Better to proceed cautiously
and stay dry.
Who says a measured, patient build doesn't result in solid software (to be
metaphorical)? Using Lance's logic, we'd all throw together code "real fast"
and not worry about it crashing on everyone's systems. I like my 1.0's more
stable than that, and I just don't understand this need that some folks have
to rush the WB into the public light. In fact, I can't imagine why it should
be public at all! I think Lance and others have no clue about how
Whistleblowing works!
However, I think I might have an idea why Lance et. al. are so confused:
There are TWO DIFFERENT WB systems being discussed here! That's right! TWO!
[1] Lance is talking about a USENET newsgroup.
[2] I'm talking about a service that uses the Internet, but NOT a NEWSGROUP!
Why does WB info need to be placed in public view? Since when does someone
with sensitive information blow it all over the front pages? Never. They call
a reporter first and let him do the legwork with proof they provide: THEN the
reporter blows it all over the front page. I believe that Lance and the
USENET folks want to get their jollies and read all about it in public on
their own personal USENET front page newsgroup (doomed to be a "narc fest" as
someone sagely termed it), whereas MY idea is to have the Cypherpunks pool
technology and assistance to set up something that is used by others outside
the inbred USENET community for the common good and taking advantage of the
inherent advantages of anon/encrypted email technology.
My original concept was not intended to glorify anyone, least of all the
Cypherpunks. In fact it shoould be as QUIET AS POSSIBLE to be of any good at
all. Why is it necessary to get all this glory if the WB system provides REAL
WORLD BENEFITS to the people? Hmmm? Think about it: whose good are we in it
for: our own or everybody's?
Let me be a bit more specific about my vision, lest Lance or anyone jump all
over Will Kinney or anyone else with sound ideas (and decent Sun Tzu quotes)
any further:
[1] The WB System is a stand-alone email system using anonymous mixes and
encryption to provide secure, safe communications between two primary groups:
- Whistleblowers:
People in Government and Industry who have first-hand information about abuse
of human rights, public funds and/or the Constitution, etc. by members of
Corporate and Government entities.
- Users:
Members of the Press, members of Congress and representatives of
public-interest activist groups (eg. Ralph Nader, James Love, Greenpeace,
Amnesty Int'l, Worldwatch, Consumer Reports, NORML, etc.) who can INVESTIGATE
the reports and TAKE ACTION on them against the abusers in the public eye and
in the Courts. Many of these people are clueless about email, much less the
Internet, anonymous remailers or encryption - but they know what they need
and they know we've got it.
[2] The system consists of a network of anonymous mixes laid over the
Internet and reaching in and out of the borders of the US wherever
applicable. It is not a USENET newsgroup for public digest, although
occasional digests would be posted to USENET by interested Cypherpunks.
Anyone who insists on discussing these sensitive plans in public is IMHO
working against the interests of the WB Team and should be considered one of
the Enemy. Anyone who wants to test the technology should be encouraged to do
so on the Cypherpunks list and NOT on USENET, thus maintaining a certain
amount of "radio silence." Broadcasting the D-Day invasion was considered
Treason: broadcasting the WB launch is the same kind of betrayal of the
Cypherpunk Ethos, IMHO. THose who would betray us should be asked to go away
in the interest of all those people who would be hurt by a crippled WB
system. What we need is cunning and stealth, not big-mouthed dweebs (present
readership excluded, natch) who can't keep something quiet.
I don't think any such thing. If nominated, I will not run, if elected, I
will not serve. However, I think your idea that WB should be a group,
moderated or otherwise, is completely off-kilter. All I'm asking is that you
let go of the glory and let it do its work quietly and effectively, without
me, even.
I'm not even sure if I should bother to answer such a completely misguided
question, but I will: I do not think this, and have never even implied
anything of the sort. Furthermore, IMHO, it ain't a group: it's a new kind of
beast and you're trying to apply old paradigms to it. Shift, man. I am only
trying to help something be born properly.
Call your local Congressperson's office and tell them there is a possibility
that they could receive whistleblowing info on Govt abuses from reliable
sources reporting via direct anon/encrypted email and see if they think it's
offensive. My experience is that they rub their hands with glee - it might be
dirt on their opponents. Try the same thing with ANY member of the Press or
any Activist Org (I suggest your local Amnesty Int'l office). If they
complain it's "offensive," and you can prove that, I will personally buy you
a car. If you can get them to label it as "respectable" I'll throw in a boat.
Since I'm poor, you can gather that I feel pretty certain it won't happen.
Nope, just email. How to get it and send it anonymously and encrypt it with
PGP, but that's enough for most people. They could use CompuServe, I don't
care. Whatever's easy. No messy Newsgroups, no Internet user's guides,
nothing fancy: I leave stuff like that to Ed Krol. This is WB-ing for the
common person. Lowcommondenominatorsville.
I can't IMAGINE where you read this stuff into my postings - it must be YOUR
agenda laid over mine...
Somehow, the word has to be passed across the Internet and other media
(print, TV) to potential WBers. I invite your ideas as to how to do this.
Filtering? Did I say that? I think I said that the Users would have to filter
out the useful WB messages from the bogus, as they would with any volume of
WB info coming in. This is their job, not mine and is the natural thing to
do. Call if "verification" if you like, it's still a LOT of work for them,
not for us (or me). There's nothing naive about this: if someone calls you
and says "the DOD spent $80K on a toothbrush," you would have to make sure it
was true before you went to Congress or to a Court or the front page. Simple
as that.
Do you think I would be working so hard on a friggin' Whistleblower project
if I could answer 'yes' to _any_ of those questions? What are you THINKing?
Exactly why Wb should be a non-USENET-oriented phenomenon, not associated
with any attackable entity, totally in the hands of individual WB's and their
corresponding Users.
Man, you really don't read me very carefully, do you? I don't want all your
Public keys so I can control anything, I want them so I can discuss elements
of the technology with each of you who volunteer to add a brick to the
structure of the system. Period. If you want to discuss things in the clear,
that's your right, I just might not want to send you sensitive info that
might compromise others, so it's your loss. Besides, why are you guarding
your PUBLIC key like I'm some sort of enemy? And I have NO INTEREST and have
never espoused any interest in becoming a veto power over the Guidelines,
only the collector of everyone's ideas, a position i would GLADLY vacate at
the drop of a SprintPin if someone else was doofus enough to volunteer. As
for waiting for all my "congressional friends:" I have no friends in
Congress, in fact, I have very little respect for anyone holding public
office. The only reason I called any of them was [1] because they might
impart a bit of respectability to our efforts if they sign on early, and [2]
congressional committees and their investigators routinely raise hell with
other branches of Govt (eg. the Military) and the prospect of supplying them
with ammunition to shoot at each other pleases me immensely.
Thanks for your advice. Sheesh. FYI, the only thing I wrap myself completely
around is a burritto. Bang! :)
This sort of ad hominem puerility doesn't even deserve a response.
I'm tired of discussing this here: If anyone is still too dense to understand
what I'm saying about patience, silence and persistence at this point, they
have no business using anything as complicated as a computer. If those people
continue to insist on trashing all the leg and phonework I have put in
contacting Users by blorting the WB concept all over USENET with half-assed,
ill-conceived newsgroups and Votes on Vaporware, I may just go elsewhere to
do my good works and see if there are any people who have good invisible ink
technology and can make up physical envelopes without leaving fingerprints. I
imagine that those Cypherpunks who've put significant time into coding the
anon and crypto technology can empathize.
I don't feel like repeating myself any more. Let's be Golden, shall We?
  dave (slow and steady but getting pretty fed up by now)

@_date: 1993-04-19 10:40:50
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: FWEE!: Silence is Golden, already 
Lance Detweiler wrote a rather stinging (and somewhat rude, IMHO) rebuttal of
Will Kinney's posting:
Mr. Detweiler's (who is otherwise pretty sensible and intelligent on this
list) comments annoy me tremendously. To imagine that Mr. Kinney is without
passion just because he doesn't run across the ice without listening for
cracks first is to vastly underestimate his intelligence. That sort of
thinking gets your tail wet every time, Lance. Better to proceed cautiously
and stay dry.
Who says a measured, patient build doesn't result in solid software (to be
metaphorical)? Using Lance's logic, we'd all throw together code "real fast"
and not worry about it crashing on everyone's systems. I like my 1.0's more
stable than that, and I just don't understand this need that some folks have
to rush the WB into the public light. In fact, I can't imagine why it should
be public at all! I think Lance and others have no clue about how
Whistleblowing works!
However, I think I might have an idea why Lance et. al. are so confused:
There are TWO DIFFERENT WB systems being discussed here! That's right! TWO!
[1] Lance is talking about a USENET newsgroup.
[2] I'm talking about a service that uses the Internet, but NOT a NEWSGROUP!
Why does WB info need to be placed in public view? Since when does someone
with sensitive information blow it all over the front pages? Never. They call
a reporter first and let him do the legwork with proof they provide: THEN the
reporter blows it all over the front page. I believe that Lance and the
USENET folks want to get their jollies and read all about it in public on
their own personal USENET front page newsgroup (doomed to be a "narc fest" as
someone sagely termed it), whereas MY idea is to have the Cypherpunks pool
technology and assistance to set up something that is used by others outside
the inbred USENET community for the common good and taking advantage of the
inherent advantages of anon/encrypted email technology.
My original concept was not intended to glorify anyone, least of all the
Cypherpunks. In fact it shoould be as QUIET AS POSSIBLE to be of any good at
all. Why is it necessary to get all this glory if the WB system provides REAL
WORLD BENEFITS to the people? Hmmm? Think about it: whose good are we in it
for: our own or everybody's?
Let me be a bit more specific about my vision, lest Lance or anyone jump all
over Will Kinney or anyone else with sound ideas (and decent Sun Tzu quotes)
any further:
[1] The WB System is a stand-alone email system using anonymous mixes and
encryption to provide secure, safe communications between two primary groups:
- Whistleblowers:
People in Government and Industry who have first-hand information about abuse
of human rights, public funds and/or the Constitution, etc. by members of
Corporate and Government entities.
- Users:
Members of the Press, members of Congress and representatives of
public-interest activist groups (eg. Ralph Nader, James Love, Greenpeace,
Amnesty Int'l, Worldwatch, Consumer Reports, NORML, etc.) who can INVESTIGATE
the reports and TAKE ACTION on them against the abusers in the public eye and
in the Courts. Many of these people are clueless about email, much less the
Internet, anonymous remailers or encryption - but they know what they need
and they know we've got it.
[2] The system consists of a network of anonymous mixes laid over the
Internet and reaching in and out of the borders of the US wherever
applicable. It is not a USENET newsgroup for public digest, although
occasional digests would be posted to USENET by interested Cypherpunks.
Anyone who insists on discussing these sensitive plans in public is IMHO
working against the interests of the WB Team and should be considered one of
the Enemy. Anyone who wants to test the technology should be encouraged to do
so on the Cypherpunks list and NOT on USENET, thus maintaining a certain
amount of "radio silence." Broadcasting the D-Day invasion was considered
Treason: broadcasting the WB launch is the same kind of betrayal of the
Cypherpunk Ethos, IMHO. THose who would betray us should be asked to go away
in the interest of all those people who would be hurt by a crippled WB
system. What we need is cunning and stealth, not big-mouthed dweebs (present
readership excluded, natch) who can't keep something quiet.
I don't think any such thing. If nominated, I will not run, if elected, I
will not serve. However, I think your idea that WB should be a group,
moderated or otherwise, is completely off-kilter. All I'm asking is that you
let go of the glory and let it do its work quietly and effectively, without
me, even.
I'm not even sure if I should bother to answer such a completely misguided
question, but I will: I do not think this, and have never even implied
anything of the sort. Furthermore, IMHO, it ain't a group: it's a new kind of
beast and you're trying to apply old paradigms to it. Shift, man. I am only
trying to help something be born properly.
Call your local Congressperson's office and tell them there is a possibility
that they could receive whistleblowing info on Govt abuses from reliable
sources reporting via direct anon/encrypted email and see if they think it's
offensive. My experience is that they rub their hands with glee - it might be
dirt on their opponents. Try the same thing with ANY member of the Press or
any Activist Org (I suggest your local Amnesty Int'l office). If they
complain it's "offensive," and you can prove that, I will personally buy you
a car. If you can get them to label it as "respectable" I'll throw in a boat.
Since I'm poor, you can gather that I feel pretty certain it won't happen.
Nope, just email. How to get it and send it anonymously and encrypt it with
PGP, but that's enough for most people. They could use CompuServe, I don't
care. Whatever's easy. No messy Newsgroups, no Internet user's guides,
nothing fancy: I leave stuff like that to Ed Krol. This is WB-ing for the
common person. Lowcommondenominatorsville.
I can't IMAGINE where you read this stuff into my postings - it must be YOUR
agenda laid over mine...
Somehow, the word has to be passed across the Internet and other media
(print, TV) to potential WBers. I invite your ideas as to how to do this.
Filtering? Did I say that? I think I said that the Users would have to filter
out the useful WB messages from the bogus, as they would with any volume of
WB info coming in. This is their job, not mine and is the natural thing to
do. Call if "verification" if you like, it's still a LOT of work for them,
not for us (or me). There's nothing naive about this: if someone calls you
and says "the DOD spent $80K on a toothbrush," you would have to make sure it
was true before you went to Congress or to a Court or the front page. Simple
as that.
Do you think I would be working so hard on a friggin' Whistleblower project
if I could answer 'yes' to _any_ of those questions? What are you THINKing?
Exactly why Wb should be a non-USENET-oriented phenomenon, not associated
with any attackable entity, totally in the hands of individual WB's and their
corresponding Users.
Man, you really don't read me very carefully, do you? I don't want all your
Public keys so I can control anything, I want them so I can discuss elements
of the technology with each of you who volunteer to add a brick to the
structure of the system. Period. If you want to discuss things in the clear,
that's your right, I just might not want to send you sensitive info that
might compromise others, so it's your loss. Besides, why are you guarding
your PUBLIC key like I'm some sort of enemy? And I have NO INTEREST and have
never espoused any interest in becoming a veto power over the Guidelines,
only the collector of everyone's ideas, a position i would GLADLY vacate at
the drop of a SprintPin if someone else was doofus enough to volunteer. As
for waiting for all my "congressional friends:" I have no friends in
Congress, in fact, I have very little respect for anyone holding public
office. The only reason I called any of them was [1] because they might
impart a bit of respectability to our efforts if they sign on early, and [2]
congressional committees and their investigators routinely raise hell with
other branches of Govt (eg. the Military) and the prospect of supplying them
with ammunition to shoot at each other pleases me immensely.
Thanks for your advice. Sheesh. FYI, the only thing I wrap myself completely
around is a burritto. Bang! :)
This sort of ad hominem puerility doesn't even deserve a response.
I'm tired of discussing this here: If anyone is still too dense to understand
what I'm saying about patience, silence and persistence at this point, they
have no business using anything as complicated as a computer. If those people
continue to insist on trashing all the leg and phonework I have put in
contacting Users by blorting the WB concept all over USENET with half-assed,
ill-conceived newsgroups and Votes on Vaporware, I may just go elsewhere to
do my good works and see if there are any people who have good invisible ink
technology and can make up physical envelopes without leaving fingerprints. I
imagine that those Cypherpunks who've put significant time into coding the
anon and crypto technology can empathize.
I don't feel like repeating myself any more. Let's be Golden, shall We?
  dave (slow and steady but getting pretty fed up by now)

@_date: 1993-04-19 10:40:50
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: BIZ: Mailing list name 
How about Cypherfolks? Cryptoids? PrivacyWarriors?  :)
    dave

@_date: 1993-04-19 10:43:57
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: FWEE!: more on kiosks 
Yo Peoples,
Eric responded to my "Three Strikes" against public kiosks:
In theory, I think it's not a dead idea, ie. there are possibilities here to
be explored, and yes it's basically a simple software addition to SF Net by a
remailer coder such as Eric. HOWEVER, having used the SF Net tables, I am a
bit dubious about their Privacy viability in their current state. I have had
bozos lean over my shoulder buggin me when I am having a "private"
conversation with someone, and I have even seen people _photograph_ someone
at the screen without their permission (amazing, huh?). IF there was a sort
of Passport PhotoBooth approach, it might mitigate such physical problems:
THEN the software end would become more feasible. Also, unless there is
encryption built into SF Net (made unlikely by the overhead?), I probably
wouldn't drive over from the Federal Building to log on and blow the whistle
on some blue-suited government weasel.
I still think that this is several stages away from being a useful idea UNTIL
we have a working model with anonymity and encryption working on USENET
Well, your point is taken Eric, but I still stress that video monitoring
would be trivial. First of all, if I was a three-letter agency, i SURE as
hell wouldn't go to the operators of say, Brainwash Cafe and ASK to put a
video cam up on the ceiling! I'd sneak in late one night and place a more
sophisticated (and extremely tiny) unit over the table where it couldn't
easily be found. Secondly, since when does the FBI worry about job security?
I think they could easily convince a federal judge that they had reason to
believe that government secrets might be leaked in public and get permission
to monitor "that subversive group known as the 'Whistleblowers' and _every
public terminal_ they've placed around SF." Maybe it's unlikely, but then so
was the notion that CREEP would break into the Watergate Towers and stick
bugs on McGovern's phones...
I do understand this point, I'm just not totally convinced that public kiosks
are the best solution to this problem. I am open to suggestions along this
line, and I do think that it would at least be worth a test on SF Net.
Agree 100%. I don't intend to discriminate against people just because they
don't have a computer.
Forgive my semantics. When I say "good" (note the quotes), I refer to useful
material that eventually produces the desired results. As far as the apparent
triviality of an item, that is entirely up to the users (ie. the Press,
Activist, or other operatives who "process" the information). As I have
stated, it is not up to us to preview anything, only to help make it more
likely that useful information from determined WB's with strategic info gets
to the right people who can do something about it. This is a tough one, I
admit. I believe that the key to this problem is part technology and part
psychology: make the system easy enough to use that as many potential
whistleblowers as possible will look at it, and just difficult enough so that
only the most determined will actually send in their information.
A valid proposition. Keep in mind that part of the initial acceptance of the
system among the users will be a high signal-to-noise ratio (at least during
the early phases).
Agree 95%.
"Level 10 WB" (with serious national secrets to divulge, such as unmentioned
abuses at nuclear waste disposal plants, etc.) MUST be able to post from ANY
location using a key established through preliminary contact with a WB
Central User Registry. Ie., once a WB has established credentials by
providing verifiable info, s/he must be given a key to a "WB PO Box" wherein
s/he can leave msgs from any terminal with anonymity and encryption. FYI, a
TV reporter mentioned that the most useful information usually crops up in
the third or fourth contact with a WB - after all, there's a lot of
preliminary "getting-to-know-each-other" formality to get past (the Trust
Factor goes both ways, especially if the WB is placing him/herself in
Jepoardy). Such capabilities should be built into any kiosk calling itself
"fully WB-enabled." Perhaps SF Net tables could be considered "Introducing
Stations" and not full-blown (pun intended) WB Stations, used only for a
I'm certainly glad I didn't say that in any way, as I hate being nonsensical.
Phil Karn's excellent (and adventurous) suggestion that kiosk(s) be thought
of more as a public mailbox than a public phone, strikes at the crux of the
issue, though it presupposes that SF Net tables have floppy drives (of the
correct type eg. Mac- or DOS-compatible drives?) and other technological
amenities that they do not (yet?) have. The idea that a WB could prepare
material in the privacy of his/her own home is very, very appealing.
I genuinely apreciate all thoughful comments on the project.
  dave

@_date: 1993-02-04 03:38:32
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: White Mail 
Guys & Gals,
Here's a tidbit I thought you'd all like to know about:
(from Network World, 1 Feb. 1993, p. 37)

@_date: 1993-02-04 04:32:55
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: How to e-mail the White House 
Ladies & Gents, I think a group letter would be appropriate from all of us.
What an opportunity. I love this country sometimes, y'know?
  dave
PS: Extra special thanks to Mr. Tribble for finding this. Where did you pick
it up?

@_date: 1993-02-05 08:46:33
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Dear Mr. President 
Here are a few thoughts on the letter we will send to Bill.
[A] We should make up a key for the whole group with an insanely long
password and all get together and sign it in person.
[B] We should send our message to Bill _heavily_ encrypted and as anonymously
as possible (I'm talkin' to you remailer studs), and we should send the key
under a separate 'envelope.' I suggest that this will definitely get the
White House's attention (probably a lot of other people at the No Shit
Association too, but hey...).
[C] Beyond a congratulatory notes that he has actually bothered to take the
Presidency "online," the letter might focus on two main areas:
1. Technology/Privacy:
- Privacy and how important it is to the preservation of Democracy.
Mentioning the White House email situation to bring it home.
- Advancement of technology and how the Government can support us by getting
the fuck out of the way and/or providing R&D support (hear, hear, Crunch).
I.e let's get those data highways rolling along.
- How we feel about the various Intelligence Services of the US Government
and how taming them might improve our international reputation. And tell them
not to fuck with our mobile phones, etc.
We might also mention how nice it is that he supports Family Values (unlike
Bush and rich Cronies), how savvy he is to leave gays in the military alone
(unlike most of the GI's I have ever heard of, who mercilessly harrass
women), what a good thing it is to house homeless people in unused military
barracks and how important it is to send aid to Russia before they come over
here and try to live in our unused military barracks, stuff like that.
[D] Let's make it a nice letter, full of support, good vibes and humor. We
are an interesting group of engineers, artists and creative people and he
should be reminded that we are watching him and that he has some support. The
guy has a tough job cleaning up all the shit the Bushmen left behind. He
deserves some goodwill.
[E] ?
  dave

@_date: 1993-02-08 17:32:31
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: E Pluribus Unum 
Fellow Cyphers,
Eric Hughes contributed:
and also:
These appear to be contradictory statements. I believe that sending a
powerful concise letter _together_ makes it more likely that it will be read,
and even more likely that it will be responded to. Otherwise, we're just a
bunch of nutty "individuals."
On the other hand I am repenting my suggestion that we _might_ include
anything political in our missive. This was ill-concieved on my part and I
have now "engaged my brain" (it's also not 4 am, heh-heh) and agree with
various other contributors that our message should be unidirectional and very
brief. I don't think it should be "cutesy" however, as much as I personally
enjoyed Marc Ringuette's "bit" suggestion Basically I like the underlying idea here (the track of allowing 'natural
orientation without outside coercion'), but I'd avoid the "anarchist"
tendencies, as they tend to render an otherwise approcahable letter "void"
for government bureaucrats perusing gigs of email to Bill & Co.
Eric suggests that we:
I agree. Especially the technological expertise side, as this is what
differentiates us from the mass of other people crying about privacy.
This is well-met. I totally back off from my previous political slant in
favor of getting _through_.
What a concept. After reading a few months worth of mail on this list, I can
only agree.
This is my favorite suggestion. Imagine if they gave us all jobs at the NSA.
Now, I have a general question: what is the current status of the White House
email capability as far as everyone can tell? Has anyone had a response yet,
by email or snailmail? Is there a possibility that this IS a hoax and that we
should just send paper mail instead?
    ddt

@_date: 1993-02-10 12:20:37
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Speaking in Tongues 
Hmmmm. Perhaps not.   :-D
  ddt
PS: I can't afford six months, but I like (the symbolism of) the idea. There
are much more effective ways of pulling their plug, no?

@_date: 1993-02-17 11:10:02
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Tim May contributed a fascinating bit of thinking on timed-release messages,
including this:
Well, yes, Tim, but what about the MTBF rating fo disk drives and or other
storage media? Any such message would also be relying on the turst that the
disk it's stored on, the mail system and or the organization it was sent to
for storgae are still going to be around. Now, if there were dedicated places
where such t-r crypto msgs could be stored, such as a digital "bank" (where
they would no doubt charge a storage fee, possibly necessitating that each
such msg would be able to "peel off" digicredits from itself every year to
guarantee paying for it's own upkeep in case you were no longer aropund to
sign checks), the question of whether or not it would BE there in 30 years
might be moot, but that's a whole 'nother discussion.
Still, I find your idea very compelling and full of merit.
  dave

@_date: 1993-02-20 01:43:45
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Back-Door Man 
Sheesh. I guess you just have to stand back and admire this level of
Can we establish a 'Cypherpunks Paranoia Achievement Award' for this?
Shortly thereafter Sandy sez: "Hey, wait a minnit... just _why are you voting
for ME?"
Technically, Kelly G.'s suggestion notwithstanding, I think this is
definitely a computationally-impossible task. However: in a very specific
circumstance, such as some foreign spook who's already under surveillance by
the feds, I suppose it's possible to create a one-time special chip that
might record keystrokes (or transmit them to a van, etc.) and then be
replaced *physically* with a replacement. The intelligence necessary to
coordinate an operation such as this, however, is pretty involved.
Personally, since I have NO interest in offing the President, I doubt they're
gonna bother with me.
Not only that, but also this: imho, it's more than _probable_ that the Feds
have compromised both Intel & Microsoft, but, as the old Polish saying goes:
     "You can put your shoes in the oven, but that don't make 'em biscuits."
   d-d-dave

@_date: 1993-02-20 09:28:45
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Quiet Nights @ the Keyboard with Ren & Stimpy 
To Keith Peterson:
I guess it must get a bit quiet there at your keyboard in the room where you
sit chillin' day in and day out Maintaining that ol' MS-DOS archive at
WSMR-SIMTEL20.Army.Mil, huh? I guess I can understand wanting to bust out in
expression if indeed you find it inconvenient to do literally.
I mean no disrespect - after all, I don't know you at all, but _really_ now -
these comments of yours are so misplaced! Even a cursory view of Mr. Thug's
missal cannot possibly construe his comments as encouraging virus authors!
His observations are in the finest spirit of our treasured Fourth Estate -
the dissemination of information for the protection of everyone concerned.
For example, being a non-DOS user, I had never before heard of these Stealth,
etc. viruses before reading his description and I can sure tell you that I
will now know to warn every DOS user I meet to immediately switch their OS to
one where there is less inclination and more barriers to the construction of
destructive viruses. Okay that was a bit tongue-in-cheek, but you get the
To put this in martial terms for you, I recommend a strategy where you
acquire your targets a bit more carefully before launching. Lao Tsu offers
good advice on this sort of thing - 'premature attack reveals one's own
weaknesses' etc. Since your weakness appears at first glance to be a fickle
respect for the rights of other citizens to privacy and free speech, I
encourage you to instead get out and oxygenate your lungs and shake out all
that tension before you open your metaphorical mouth and insert your
figurative foot. Remember, we all go about defending this great nation of
ours in our own ways and though my way may not be your way, it may be a good
way anyway.
This is not to say that I don't encourage you to voice your opinion about
anything you want to at any time. I am proud to live in a country where we
can all agree to disagree. Just don't touch my freedom, Keith. I will defend
to the death your, Thug's and my right to say whatever the hell we want to
about anything we fucking well please anytime and anywhere. In future, then,
please be more judicious in the pursuit of your ideals.
To My Fellow Cypherpunks:
Be always vigilant, my friends. Those who would tell you that up is down and
right is left might well be coming out of the sun above and behind you even
now. It's a hard thing to express clear views of something so rotten to the
corps, but _someone_ has to do it.
Happy Trails,
   d2t

@_date: 1993-02-20 09:28:46
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: LIST RULES 
I have to agree with John that it's philosophically inappropriate to discuss
non-cryptographic topics on this list. Like many others, I come here to
discuss ideas and technical concepts in an intellectual environment and to
learn about how to protect everyone's privacy from people who know a hell of
a lot more than I do about the mechanics of digital privacy. Anything that
deviates from that had better, imho, do it quickly and as an aside to
something more in line with the purpose of this list.
I think you're respectful of that, and I don't have any _particular_ problem
with what you posted, but probably because your msg stuck out _like a sore
thumb_ (and thus the hyperbolic characterization of it as 'abuse') from the
body of the normal discussion here and because he is a naturally cautious
(thank goodness for that!) person, John probably mentioned this to you in the
best terse way he knows how. My impression of John is that he is not prone to
overreact, but rather that he prefers to deliver a srtaightforward warning
with sufficient emphasis to avoid having to do it twice.
Please get in touch with those of us who might have responded to your posting
through more discrete channels. I sense that we need not discuss this any
further here.
  d2t
PS: As an aside to the topic of commercialism, I'd just like to point out
what a hell of a nice job Zig is doing with the latest build of MacPGP
(2.1e87). Attaboy, Zig!

@_date: 1993-02-22 13:00:39
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Rambo Lives 
...and thus the government's decision to consider PGP (a privacy mechanism)
as "munitions." At first I thought it was outrageous, but it all makes
curious sense somehow when you bop yourself on the head the right way,
doesn't it?
I say we should ensure that as many citizens as possible get ahold of PGP as
soon as possible. After all, the NRA would have us believe that it's every
citizen's right to "bear arms," so why shouldn't we (especially those who
choose not to carry firearms like me) all have whatever sort of weapon we
choose to "carry?"
That's all for now, excuse me while I go hurl. All this crap really makes me
a bit ill, to tell you the truth. I only want the same respect I give to
other people, not a lot of static from a bunch of haircuts with sidearms.
  d2t
PS: Keep this in mind the next time you see someone you love patronize a
Rambo-style movie or play a game of shoot-'em-up Ninten
do - this is where the Bad Guys get their funding, lads.

@_date: 1993-02-22 13:00:39
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Proposal - The 'Peterson.mil' Virus List 
Yo, Punks
I propose that we establish another list dedicated to the study of viruses
and name it after Keith Peterson. After all, why shouldn't he get some credit
for awakening a sleeping giant?
I want to know more about viruses so I can protect myself from
government-created viruses and so I can learn about the various mechanisms
In addition, the study of self-promulagting code has very positive
implications for the study of "smart email." For those of you who haven't
been following the exploits of General Magic and their Telescript protocol,
there will soon be mail which "delivers itself" to the right location. I'm
sure our members at General Magic can illuminate this subject further. The
implications of this technology reach into the world of encryption and
viruses and certainly further into the realm of privacy discussions.
Wot say, all?
   d2t

@_date: 1993-02-23 03:50:49
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Mac HD Cypher... mostly 
decrypt it?
Well, I don't know about "impenetrable" other than my first girlfriend when I
was 9's underpants, but FWB's Hard Disk ToolKit (aka HDT) provides, besides
very nice control over all aspects of SCSI drive configuration, three levels
of 'protection': a driver-level password (keeps yer granny out) and two
levels of block-by-block encryption - simple password-based (keeps your savvy
mate from editing the file blocks and recovering your loveletters) or DES
(keeps most non-Fed attackers out).
The advantage of this device-driver level encryption is that the drive can be
used normally as long as you know the password. Otherwise, if some spook with
a warrant tries to mount it down at his office, he has to fill out a shitload
of forms, FedEx it to Fort Meade and wait a few days for the lads in the lab
to crack it for him before he can come back with the 'cuffs.
I recommend giving the drive an HDT driver-level access password as well as
DES encryption if you're really concerned that your girlfriend is gonna see
the shit you been writing about her to that other chick. I use these options
on a couple of 44 MB SyQuest removeables. I sleep pretty well at night (when
I sleep, that is).
Dream on, Smedley. Anyone who's ever graduated from Paranoid U. can tell you
that when the chips are down (i.e. the New Sons of Armageddon come a-knockin'
at yer shack), DES is about as secure as my third girlfriend when I was 12's
panties - not very. OK, so I enjoyed puberty, sue me...
You can find HDT mentioned in any decent Mac 'zine. Happy Jumping.
   d2t
PS: I'd tell you FWB's phone number in the 415 (SF) area, but that might
sound like advertising.      :-)

@_date: 1993-02-23 03:50:51
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Dead(beat) give-away 
"an5877 at anon.penet.fi" (aka "deadbeat") sez:
I smell something, and it's not my FPU overheating!
Anyone who's "reluctant" to discuss a flaw in an anon remailer HERE...
is definitely NOT on the up-and-up.
Somebody "out" this weasel, PRONTO!  (please!)
  d2t

@_date: 1993-02-27 04:49:08
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Real World Kinda Guys Unite 
Yeah. How 'bout that, 'Beat? At _least_ we'd have the false security of being
able to check your Pkey now and then...
I feel full of Piss and Vinegar, so I'm volunteering to help get this
WhistleBlowers thingus up and rolling.
First, we need to disseminate PGP in it's various forms (UNIX, Amiga, Mac,
DOS, etc) to some news agencies (e.g. TV stations, newspapers, radio like
KQED, etc.). I need each person who represents a platform to send me a full
package of PGP with Docs that I can have duped for mailing (for educational
purposes only). No charge. We'll begin with a core group of media people and
see how it goes. I have floated a few trial balloons and they're ready to
bite. I suspect that we'll see it take off like a rocket, as Tim May
All this discussion is truly fascinating, but if it doesn't get out into the
real world it ain't worth the media it's magnetized on. I guess I'm just a
real world kinda guy.
1. Let's get a reasonably friendly anon remailer process going for them. It
*must* come with complete instructions for the hapless many. Get writing and
send 'em to me. I am working on some simple instructions for MacPGP and will
post an example as soon as I can get through all the damn mail in my various
mboxes. (Overload!)
2. Let's hook some Govt. employees into it ASAP and really get this
whistleblowing thing going. I want to stir up some mud at the bottom like
Kelly suggests and I want it done NOW.
3. I need help from ALL of you to do this. I am beginning to compile a
comprehensive list of Govt Officials from the White House on down thru the
Congress to the Cabinet and the Joint Chiefs. This database will include
their various addresses (USM and email), their many phone and fax numbers,
and other pertinent info (party, salary, etc.). Anyone can have a copy when I
finish it. I hope to make it fairly administration-independent so it will
last and will probably set up a process on CompuServe so that public can send
in updates as officials are un-appointed, die and/or are voted out of office,
4. Eventually, we'll do an anonymous posting to a massive number of Govt
sites inviting WBlowers to post to the list and inviting Press people to log
on and download the dirt.
I will be at the Modern Times bookstore event on March 7th in San Francisco
if anyone wants to discuss this. I would also dearly like to attend CFP, but
I haven't yet found a way to do it without money (anyone who knows a way I
can volunteer my way in and help out please say so - I'll sweep up after,
  d2t

@_date: 1993-01-19 19:32:35
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Who Me? Paranoid? Naaaah... 
I'm beginning to wonder if we shouldn't someday be able to run public email
in a sort of "parallel universe," an entirely separate mail system complete
with built-in RSA encryption on every piece of mail. That way, we would no
longer rely on the Internet, which, unless I am completely off the mark,
basically still exists at the pleasure of ARPA and could be completely
infiltrated and controlled by the NSA for all we know.
Along similar lines, has anyone heard the latest status on the gigabytes of
email generated by the Bush White House which are currently in danger of
being erased before anyone can get a peek at them? Imagine the damning
evidence that exists in those documents! I had heard something about a
voluntary freeze on the erasure until the matter can be decided in some
Federal Court, but that strikes me like suing your local City Government in
Municipal Court after being hit by a Municipal Bus - Bush's cronies will
probably invoke some executive priviledge and weasel off with 'em. I wonder
if such stuff will ever be released under the Freedom of Information Act
(probably not in our lifetimes, but just the threat would make me happy)?
Hey, a guy can _dream_ can't he?
  dave

@_date: 1993-01-21 14:37:37
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: public servant privacy 
In response and affirmation of Eric Fogleman's note on Communications Policy,
I have to concur. ALL documents produced by a public official operating an
email system on public time and in pursuit of public policy (e.g. a White
House official) should be subject to scrutiny and should not be considered as
that person's private property. If such a person wants to have private
communications with other private citizens, they should do it on their OWN
time and with their OWN money. HOWEVER, if such persons then turn around and
abuse this freedom by abusing the public trust in those contexts (i.e. if
Ollie North started communicating with NSA officials through CompuServe to
order illegal shipments of money to CIA agents in Peruvian cocaine cartels),
they should, by virtue of their positions of public trust be subject to the
same (presumably high) levels of scrutiny as they are now - Congressional,
OMB, GSA, FBI investigations, etc.
Yes, private citizens should not be subject to the same sorts of
investigations unless there is direct evidence of criminal intent or activity
in which case there should be a search warrant and notification of intent to
Tim May notes (appropriately) that:
Yes, but shouldn't he be _required_ to "open" his files if he is under
criminal investigation just like a drug-dealer who's required to open the
locked trunk of his car?
I'm sure my opinion is open to development, but this is my gut-level
  dave

@_date: 1993-01-21 22:36:26
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: ...and other Trials 
seizure in
That's a tough one. I suppose there would have to be a body that decided on a
case by case (or a class by class) basis what accounts would be subject to
heavy scrutiny. Unfortunately, this begins to create a overseeing body so
huge and convolute as to render the entire process unwieldly approaching on
the absurd. I read Kafka's "The Trial" and I don't want to face that sort of
Juggernaut any time soon. On the other hand, if you don't lump _every_
friggin' state and federal employee (and I didn't) into the picture and only
consider those persons with a dangerous largesse inherent in their positions
(sorry, but that swell fella Ollie North somehow once again comes to mind),
the whole thing takes on a more manageable (notice I said "more") appearance.
Hey, this is a tough ethical dilemma. I ain't got all the answers, just an
opinion (just like assholes... everyone's got one, right?). Basically, I
worry about abuse of email systems by knowledgable/sinister government
officials. When you consider how hard it is for the general public to
conceive of abuse on paper memos, imagine how much damage and subversion a
savvy individual could do with a "computer" (gwarsh, Mickey! Whut's a
kum-pee-you-ter?) to the democratic process before anyone would pay attention
to a cypherpunk crying "wolf!"
Encryption to the Masses!
  dave

@_date: 1993-01-21 22:36:27
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Preferably a screw with BIG threads 
I dig Thug's comment about the "two conflicting issues here" (The Fifth
Amendment & Obstruction of Justice). Especially the part about "tell[ing]
them to go screw themselves."
   : )
I suppose that certain "specially designated' accounts belonging to certain
"specially designated" officials should be open to complete scrutiny by the
'balancing' arms of Government, i.e. the Executive Branch should be
'checkable' by the Legislative, etc, etc.
That begins to sound more Democratic, don't it? At least it sounds
"democratic" as we hope it would be (maybe not as we know it to be).
   dave

@_date: 1993-01-23 13:27:32
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: a few good weasels 
Eric.Fogleman at analog.com contributes his view that:
Well, Eric, I take your point, and I'm willing to 'pay' quite a bit for
freedom, especially if I have pals like you to help out in the biz of
watchfulness. :-)   I guess what I was trying to get at here was that the
process could become so convolute that it would no longer be _technically
feasible_ to keep an eye on the dangerous character(s) such as the
President's National Security Advisor, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the twisted
geeks at the CIA, their cronies at the FBI, Hillary Clinton (whoops, she's
probably OK) etc, etc, ad nauseam. This doesn't mean I wouldn't _like_ to
make sure they're carefully monitored, I just look at the volume of
paperwork/electronic files generated by even the most lowly federal agencies
and imagine that such a watchdog agency might be logistically incapable of
doing the job properly, assuming it could do it in an unobstructed and
non-compromised way in the first place. There would have to be a highly
selective, maybe viciously random way of keeping potential abusers in line.
And who watches the watchdog? Kevin Costner?
Speaking of which, has anyone seen this movie "A Few Good Men?" Jack
Nicholson plays this meansumnabitch Marine Colonel who basically takes the
law into his own hands, blinded by his self-righteous view of his job to
protect "us" to the point where he has a young Marine murdered (Jack's great
in this one, guys, go check out the bargain matinee). Now, I'm not saying
that all government agents are that sick and perverse in the zealous pursuit
of their goals, but I acknolwedge that such people can and probably do exist
and that if we remain divided and unguarded, we all live at their mercy. I
figure the only things that keep us safe at night are pure luck and the few
government dudes who let a few details slip into the hands of say, the few
crypto-anarchists who can balance things out. A world of absolutes is not a
fun world and it's not a safe world. Someone's gotta break the rules every
once in a while or we all go down the tubes. Of course, I _personally_ would
_never_ break any of the fine laws of our beloved nation, but I know deep in
my heart (but not anywhere on my hard disks) that such brave people exist and
that the effect of their less-than-legal efforts is the delicate equilibrium
in which we continue to prosper and innovate.
I have more to say in this, but it's almost dawn and I have to flitter back
to my coffin.
 dave

@_date: 1993-03-02 16:15:04
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: 976-OVERDOSE 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
I know that some of you have lives, jobs and studies and you probably, like
me, are ofttimes overwhelmed by the sheer voluime of mail on this list.
I have a simple proposal to solve th
is problem: break the current list into topic areas.
These would include:
  anon/pseudo_cpunks   Anoymity/Pseudonymity
  remailers_cpunks     Remailer Technology
  dining_cpunks        DC Nets
  random-cpunks        Random Generators
  digimoney_cpunks     Digital Banking
  pgp_cpunks           PGP App/Current Info  <- new vers info/var. plat's
  ziplips_cpunks       Crypto-Censorship
  fweee_cpunks         Whistleblowers (The "Keith Peterson Area"?)
  physmtgs_cpunks      Physical Meetings/Conferences  <- CFP, events...
 and several more that I've forgotten, I'm sure...
We should clearly state the general thread of each topic. People could
subscribe to as many as they want to and thus dramatically reduce the amount
of mail they get on topics about which they have little or no interest.
I'm learning a lot from the list, but the sheer volume of the postings is
becoming pretty unmanageable. We seem to have a range of subspecies
developing, so it make sense to cater to them seperately.
I hope we can remedy this situation before many more people have to
unsubscribe. Most newcomers from Mondo articles, etc. should  probably be
subscribed to the  list first, then maybe we could periodically
post synopses of what's available on the other topics and let them wander in
more deliberately. I hope everyone appreciates that my approach is geared
toward bringing in more quality participation and not a flurry of
curiousity-cats who dash in and out and post UNSUBSCRIBE mail to the whole
list (thus gumming things up even further).
What do you Punks think? I hope to see a comment or two about this from
people, I think it's an issue whose time has come. "An ounce of prevention os
worth a pound of cure" as they say.
  dave "verbum sat spaienti est" del torto

@_date: 1993-03-04 03:27:38
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: FWEE!: Whistleblower progress update 
First off, since I have just now been able to process some of the couple
hundred msgs in my box, I'd like to respond to a good idea...
Excellent idea, Yanek, I like the elegance of it very much. However, I prefer
to label all my Whistleblower posts with "FWEEE:" rather than the mundane
"WHISTLE:" and besides, it's shorter.  :-)  Other than that, I like your
suggestions,e and here are my (short) ones (marked with "-"):
   ANON:      Anoymity/Pseudonymity
  -MIX:       Remailer Technology
   DCNET:     DC Nets
   RANDOM:    Random Generators
   DCASH:     Digital Banking
   PGP:       PGP App/Current Info    FLAME:     Crypto-Censorship
  -FWEE!:     Whistleblowers (T
he "Keith Peterson Area"?)
  -MTGS:      Physical Meetings/Conferences
-------------- OK, now Whistleblowers ---------------
I suppose that everyone has by now heard about Bill Clinton's 800 numbers for
government waste whistleblowers and anyone else to call. A great idea, and I
applaud him for it (it'll keep Al Gore out of trouble for a while), but it's
"kid stuff" compared to the picture I have in my mind for our Whistleblowers
anonymous remailer system. Eventually, I would like to see anon msgs (some
encrypted) alerting specific investigators about assassinations, military
cost overruns, govt sex scandals, private sector insider trading and all
sorts of other nefarious goings-on. This is gonna be GREAT! We're gonna "rock
the world" of the rats out there.
Over the next few weeks, I will post some plans like the one below for all of
you to comment on. Among these will be a phased roadmap which will hopefully
diagram for all Cypherpunks what needs to be done to get a true anon remailer
up and running and populate it with juicy tidbits.
Make no mistake, this is no small job: it will require a team effort. Prepare
to be called on for small jobs, and feel free to refuse if the work is out of
your league of if you haven't enough time. It'll get done: the People are
counting on us.
For now, we are in Phase 1: planning, design & data acquisition.
Data Acq'n:
I am now working on a database which will eventually cover all of Congress,
the Executive, the Judiciary and the Pentagon. As noted before, this db will
list email addresses wherever possible. Many Congresspeople do not currently
have email, so we may even assist our elected officials in the process of
getting looped in. We will send out our initial offers to some highly placed
people to visit the Whistleblowers list and sign on, get a key and start
paying attention.
Phase 2 will be to spec out the remail and produce a preliminary set of
instructions to be sent out with the invitation to participate.
Phase 3 will be the initial remailer implementation and testing.
Phase 4 will involve getting a few press and activist people to log on and
get used to PGP and the whole idea. I expect by then that we may already have
some whistles being blown.
Later Phases will be discussed as I think of them, this is a rough
preliminary sketch intended for comment.
FYI: several Congressperson's offices have drooled audibly over the prospect
and may contribute resources or assistance to our effort. I tend to think we
should do this ourselves to avoid any sort of indebtedness to any official
entity. In addition, a local SF TV news service has expressed real interest
in getting a copy of PGP (DOS), so I will soon post a request for someone to
supply that to a certain address (stay tuned). Again, I want to stress the
importance of a central repository of all PGP versions for distribution for
non-profit purposes such as being able to sign on to this list. The
importance of ensuring that the software at this site is not compromised in
any way is crucial, just to state the obvious.
More later. Hope to see people at CFP and the Modern Times bookstore gig on
   dave|evad
PS: In future, I will be receiving mail from the Cypherpunks list at
. any personal msgs can still be sent to me at
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1e
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-03-08 18:27:20
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: PGP: MacPGP v2.2 is GO! 
Thanks to the efforts of Phil Zimmerman, Zbigniew "Zig" Fiedorowicz and
the pgp.dev group, there is a new Macintosh PGP v2.2 (MacPGP) available
to the public FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
The version number is v2.2 b91.
This is the nicest version I have seen yet, replete with sexy interface
features (well, sorta, anyway), well-organized menus and stable
operation FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. I will demo it to anyone who
wants to see it at the CFP 93 conference.
Contact me about getting it for your Mac FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
The best way to do this is mail me at  and give me
your CompuServe, AppleLink or America Online address so I can send it
to you intact (& compressed) FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
Please indicate:
 -1- Your favorite compression scheme.
        Compactor Pro
        StuffIt
        DiskDoubler (my fave)
        I can also send it as a self-expanding archive.
 -2- If this is a _new_ installation, in which case I'll include
     some docs and the randseed.bin and config.txt files along
     with the app.
 -3- Clearly that you intend to use it FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
   d2t

@_date: 1993-03-12 16:10:51
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: FWEE! premature testing 
Just a thought on Tim May's anonymous baptism by Stealth-fire of the WB!
Tim: though I appreciate your enthusiasm, could you *please* wait until there
is something in place to actually _test_ before you test it? I know you
really wanted to post that nifty F-117A thing you OCR'd _somewhere_ but that
was not particularly helpful. It's not like I'm unaware of this issue.
Remember, we're still in Phase One (design & data collection) now. Help with
the design and data collection before you go off on your own and try to show
where the holes are or have some fun with it. Later on, you can be very
helpful if you want to play the Devil's Online Advocate.
[Also, could you please spell my name correctly for the NSA's records? It's
David Del Torto (not Deltorto). I promise not to spell your name "TiM aye" so
they can come and get you too.]
Someone suggested a set of WB guidelines should be posted. I began this
process, and will continue next week after CFP. I ask your patience while I
educate myself.
CFP News: I had a *very* interesting/enlightening discussion with Nicholas
Johnson, the former head of the FCC (under Johnson) last night about the WB!
project - he loves the idea and is willing to help out "somehow." Also, Ralph
Nader's organization is interested in what we're up to. Jim Settle (FBI
Computer Crime Squad) is also surprisingly supportive of the idea. Also,
believe it or not, a fellow from the CIA likes the idea and posits that, if
done "correctly," the system can 'perhaps be somewhat protected' from posting
by pranksters/attackers with bogus revelations - it might require someone to
preview postings (I would like to DE-nominate myself and suggest that MAYBE a
small review group be set up - let's discuss this, tell me what you think is
a good idea). I believe that the implementation of a simple WB Key system can
assist in this as well (refer to an earlier posting of mine). Of course, this
would require widespread dissemination of encryption software for anyone
needing that option. Dorothy Denning is there: does anyone have a question
for her? A statement? I can post her email address after tonight if y'all
More Later, Gotta Run...
    dave (Del Torto)

@_date: 1993-03-30 11:34:27
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: FWEE! latest WB news/ideas 
Much Cpunx mail is passing under the bridge and my boat is brimming, but I am
bailing with alacrity. In this case, I prefer to view things as "half empty"
(with apologies to Confucius), to wit:
Eric Hughes contributed these [>>] kewl comments:
Touche`, mon ami. I guess what I meant to say was "I'M not ready," which is
different. I am getting ready-er. :-)
And well should they be - neutral, that is. Any and all submissions to me at
 or on the list* are appreciated.
While I accept that WB's themselves might BE outraged, it is my hope to
enshrine in the WB Guidelines the idea that the area is for CONSTRUCTIVE
CRITICISM of some ABUSIVE STATUS QUO in government or industry that needs
attending to by the media or activist groups, and NOT simple OUTRAGE that
there's "bad stuff going on in government" (gee, really, Virginia?). We have
a loooong way to go with this and I would like it to at least get OFF on the
right foot. I'm sure that in short order, lots of "maroons" will be posting
spurious dingleberries (not _you_ Tim, you're just helping to test the system
!) and we'll be attacked by various three-lettered government agencies.
There will also be the many, many interested onlookers posting items of
value and waves of inane banter, but we'll have to develop strict
guidelines/metaprefixes to help filter that noise-chaff from the Pithy Stuff.
(Earpluuugs, gitcher-earplugs heere... fittycents! gitcher-eeearplugs!)
One among us, who shall remain anonymous mainly because I like him, suggested
in private to me that Organized Crime might be interested in providing an
"impervious" site for anon remailing, but I am publicly poo-pooing that idea
lest we get off on the wrong foot in deep water with cement overshoes (howzat
for mixed metaphors, big daddy-o?).
Solid, baby. That's a 10-4, as long as the normal newsgroup guidelines such
as adhering to the general topic-flow are inherently adhered to by all
adherents (coherently, if possible).
Amen, however, once we achieve value-neutrality as a species we will either:
[1] simultaneously enter the Kingdom of Heaven hand-in-hand and thus never
    encryption ever again, rendering this entire discussion moot, or
[2] perish in a vast and uniformly logical fireball of hitherto unimagined
Pick a scenario, any scenario, operators are standing by at 976-ARMAGEDDON.
Self-fulfilling prophecies accepted upon receipt of your validated reality
Perhaps so, but then one day, there may be that _one special whistle_ that
blown, iykwim. That's the one I'M listening for, the "Big Fwee," as it were.
as Bullwinkle might say to Rocky: "Give me Fweedom or give me Death." And
here's something you'll REALLY like:
Speaking of Boris & Natasha, with the _specific exception_ of the "fellow
the CIA" whose name I did not mention at his express request (| open mouth;
insert keyboard; repeat | Eric) and will not herein verify 'identity-wise'
(regardless of Mr. Hughes' dental bills), the above-mentioned entities are
well-intentioned and supportive of the WB idea in general and might well help
out with signatures affixed to such a predefensive document. The Devil's in
Details however, and they may balk depending on how "mature" that document
We can gather a lot of support beforehand, so spread the word now and have
people email me at  so I can put them into the db. The WB
Position Paper is "under construction" and will be pre-circulated on the
list for commentary and revision before being broadcast publicly.
Agreed, wholeheartedly. I am quietly trying to garner support from various
left-leaning politcos as we type (She with the pugilistic name for one). I
caution all that this is currently an "idea under development" and they are
post-nasal-Hip enough to regard it as such until we broadcast its
widely. Needless to say, almost everyone I have spoken to about it is
fairly-to-extremely enthusiastic about the idea and wants immediate access
it's online. I also plan to send a note to Billary Clinton when we have our
schtick happening, so's the White House can tune in and listen to the crackle
of disgruntled Govvamint Employees.
Again submissions for the WB Guidelines and the WB Position Paper are
encouraged. Keep in mind that this is a positive, constructive outlet for the
technology we're discussing on this list and a great opportunity for good
press. And write lots of clever stuff so I don't have to, willya?  :-)
I explained what the "nameless one from the CIA" had to say rather poorly. He
was not proposing that his Agency have any previewing capabilities, although
ventured in the most generic terms the opinion that CIA Tech would be doing
it's best to break the anonymity as soon as possible (anon remailer
technologists take heed of the most subtle and pernicious attacks). Rather,
what we discussed as two private citizens interested in Freedom of Speech and
the Occasional Corrective Force applied to the Tiller of the Ship of State
was more along the lines of:
...by a Cypherpunk committee monitoring the WB list or _another group_ whose
charge is to evaluate claims by anon posters for their veracity and to
establish the reliability of such sources for future correspondence. I
that this would be far too involved for the Cpunks to deal with and that it
would have to be the responsibility of the interested parties in the media or
activist org's to verify anon WB claims. We can at best provide good
for them to use, IMHO. Furthermore, there was no implication that ANYone
edit postings (least of all the Certifiably Insane Agency), only that those
chartered with verification might scribble them into invisibility if it was
determined by the committee that the source was chronically unreliable.
anon bombers and other nefarious monkey-wrenchers, lest you SLIP on your own
banana protocols.
This Verification Thing, by the way, is the single biggest issue with the
entire WB process and the one that frames encryption as an interesting
solution to the problem of establishing successive levels of trust between
postees and verifiers (on top of the basic anon remail technology). More on
this later as Those Who Know Far More than I Do contribute their Wisdom.
IMPORTANT NOTE along those Lines: would all Cypherpunks who:
[1] run an anonymous service
[2] have new improvements to existing anon services
[3] have experience and/or the desire to actually run the WB remailer system
[4] know what a dingleberry is
...PLEASE make yourselves known to me asap so I can know who the players are
and co-ordinate who can be asked to provide what part of the process and
There is no purchase necessary and no commitment for now, I just need to
a db of skills and volunteers. For this purpose ONLY, please mail me at
. Please include (and format in NEON for easy readability):
[1] What you would be willing to offer in the way of remailer
    software/hardware technology and wisdom, etc.
[2] Your current Public Key (even if you think I already have it and esp if
    bin slackin' off sending it) [that means YOU, Gnu... git with the
[3] Your t-shirt size (S, M, L, XL) and 1-bit chromatic preference (B or W)
[4] Your favorite recipe for fudge brownies (optional, but really helpful)
Hey, is this great or what?
  dave
* My mail reader (sweet Eudora) and I are noting a strong propensity for
to FORGET to use metaprefixes in their SUBJECT lines. Once again, and on
of all those suffering masses who have to sift daily through Unsubscribe
dribble, flame-flotsam and other ubiquitous jetsam, I ask that ALL
with even a passing semblance of politesse put appropriate "PREFIX:
blahblahblah" thingies in the SUBJECTs of their postings to the list: it's a
courteous habit to get into (...that, and wearing clean underwear on a second

@_date: 1993-05-16 12:32:05
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: End of the Universe Hacked 
Hi Everybody,
This is FYI.
Apologies for any overlaps if you get this twice. Note: I was in the
Netherlands last year and crashed/partied with these guys and gals and
they're ALL RIGHT kinds-a folks. This should be a real feth-ti-val for those
who can make it over there. The central Netherlands area is noted for the
lack of a "There" there, but what they lack in "There-ness," they more than
make up for with a wonderful sense of wackiness.
   Subliminal Hint:  l e t ' s   a l l   g o ...
          ^ ^
  dave    '['                      ...Clip the Clipper Chip!
           u Postbus 22953
1100 DL  Amsterdam
The Netherlands
tel     : +31 20 6001480
fax     : +31 20 6900968
E-mail  : heu at hacktic.nl
V I R U S :
If you know a forum or network that you feel this message belongs on,
by all means slip it in. Echo-areas, your favorite bbs, /etc/motd, IRC,
WP.BAT, you name it. Spread the worm, uh, word.

@_date: 1993-10-15 00:57:05
@_author: deltorto at aol.com 
@_subject: Mom & Pop Operating Systems 
I saw this Letter to the Editors recently in a "family-oriented" Macintosh
weekly & thought you'd all enjoy it...   - dave
"Ma and Pa Finder Can Beat the Peter Pan Syndrome"
