
@_date: 1993-04-16 13:00:08
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: circling the wagons 
Assuming that the "Clipper chip" initiative isn't a teapot
tempest, I suppose we'd better start sharpening our rhetorical
Privacy arguments and sheer outrage will be useful, but it
seems to me that the "modern steganography" discussion from
a few weeks back offers an irrefutable argument:
  By performing rather simple camouflaging, it is possible
  to make an encrypted message undetectable by encoding
  it in (images, voice, any other signal that could plausibly
  contain noise).  This is rather easy to do, so those who
  REALLY want to hide what they're doing (terrorists, criminals,
  republican campaign staff) will still be able to do so.
  In fact, by encrypting the wrapper with your "Clipper"
  system, they look like they're hiding noting.  All that you
  are buying is a false sense of security.

@_date: 1993-04-21 15:57:49
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: "Cypherpunks Write Code" 
Hmm, I write code -- but so far no cyphercode.
Since I'd like to be part of the cypherdelic revolution,
what code needs writing?  I agree that the PC/modem
scrambled telephone is a good idea, but others are already
bashing that out; there must be other neat projects that
want doing.  Any thoughts?
psypherdelic psypherdewd (in training)

@_date: 1993-03-10 12:04:10
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Hidden encrypted messages 
If true encryption is ever outlawed in the U.S., I wonder if it's
possible to have an encryption technique that preserves plausible
deniability.  That is, if seemingly innocuous messages could contain
encrypted messages (for example, first-letter-of-words strung
together).  In such a case, I'd think that it would be difficult
to prove that said message contained a hidden message unless the
decryption key was available (the embedded encrypted message wouldn't
look suspicious, even if an onlooker knew where to look).  Is
this a common idea in cryptographic circles?

@_date: 1993-03-11 07:02:43
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Hidden encrypted messages 
Devin Jones responds to Alex:
Alex's (good) idea about using creative spacing to hide an encrypted message
is similar to that what I'd originally proposed (and of course it has to
be hiding an *encrypted* message!).  I've gotten a number of responses
of the form "Why not just claim that an encrypted message is data?",
but my original point was Plausible Deniability.  That is, I was
postulating an environment in which Big Brother has outlawed cryptography.
Now, confronted with a confiscated message, the sender has to defend
himself from the Inquisition.  Can't just claim it's a sound file;
the Inquisitor will want it played.  The question I'm trying to answer
is how to produce on demand a causal explanation of data (which actually
contains an encrypted message) that satisfies an investigator and
doesn't reveal the encrypted message.  Some simple scheme like, "Uh,
it's the result of my new random number generation algorithm" isn't
likely to be *satisfying* and is certain to produce the response,
"OK, let's see the algorithm."
don't bother running sophisticated analyses of the above message (oops,
I suppose that's a suspicious thing to say)

@_date: 1993-03-18 08:27:46
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Cypher: Subject naming proposal 
There's a program called "filter" (which I think is part of the elm
distribution) that I use to automatically route messages from different
mailing lists to separate folders, which can then be read at leisure.
Very handy!

@_date: 1993-09-21 12:02:39
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Why RSA? 
Is there some reason that we shouldn't pick a different
public key encryption algorithm than RSA to use as a
freely-available standard?  The PGP docs imply that "almost"
all practical such schemes are patented, implying that
some are not.
The legitimacy problems of PGP are a major roadblock to
widespread use of encryption, IMO.  Let's get something
in the public domain!

@_date: 1993-09-21 13:52:42
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Why RSA? 
First, the ViaCrypt version:  I realize that it is legal.
It's also very expensive when compared to the price of
email readers/composers that people normally use (often
weighing in at about $50 / seat).  A $200 add-on is not
likely to be universally accepted.  It's as if somebody
had patented car door locks and claimed that $40,000 was
a reasonable price to have them included on a $10,000
car.  I'm not complaining about the price; people can
charge whatever they want for their products.  However
it does seem kind of high, creating market pressure...
that market pressure surfaces in messages like this one
and hopefully someday competing products from somebody.
Perry Metzger:
I am just beginning to study the mathematics behind public
key crypto (got Simmons's _Contemporary Cryptology_ from
the library this morning), but I haven't seen anything
about what exactly this means (that is, I haven't been
able to "look it up").  I was under the impression that
many people participated in the development of P.K.Crypto...
how can somebody patent all of their work?  Don't these
kind of patents apply only to specific algorithms?  Begging
the indulgence of this list, two more questions:
* is there a reference I can read that covers the scope of
  public key crypto patents?
* in broad terms, what would I have to do to develop an
  algorithm that works from a user's perspective like
  p.k.c. (ie public/private keys, the central functional
  point of all the wonderful schemes based on pkc) but
  doesn't violate patents?

@_date: 1993-09-22 11:18:00
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Why RSA? 
First, my sincere gratitude for the replies to my queries
regarding public key cryptography patents.  To pay back
such generosity, I will summarize.  Also, I have done a
little more digging and will present my findings, even
though those findings include more questions!
My original question was why cypherpunks don't just
pick some non-RSA public key algorithm to achieve
widespread distribution of cryptographic tools.  My
contention is that for such widespread distribution
to occur, the price must be small in comparison to
the average user's electronic communication outlay,
and the tools must be beyond reproach legally so that
it can be distributed by commercial email tool providers
in a form that is elegantly integrated into the user's
environment.  My mother will not fetch, install, and
configure PGP, though she might pay $10 - $20 more for
an email product with "privacy enhancements".  My
reading of the comp.patents FAQ leads me to understand
that any use of PGP by an individual in the U.S. is in
violation of U.S. law (though the chances of being
prosecuted are vanishingly small).  Cypherpunks probably
don't care too much about that, but the masses waiting
for conversion probably do.
The reasons for the desirability of widespread public
key tools are obvious, even without considering the
collapse of governments.  For example, digital signatures
can be used to authenticate electronically-distributed
software upgrades, and so on (but this is all old hat
to the folks on this list!).
Unfortunately, as Perry Metzger pointed out:
First, a note:  "Rabin's scheme" is (as Perry said) the one provably linked
to factoring (a major advance!) and I assume it's the one implemented in
RPEM.  According to the RIPEM FAQ, PKP squashed that development by claiming
that their patents were broad enough to cover Rabin's scheme, and the
effort was abandoned "for pragmatic reasons" (another example of how
superior technology can be suppressed by monopolies).  Now, I've looked a little further into the patent issue, and I remain
kind of confused.  I went to the library and read the four patents
in question (but only made a hardcopy of the first chronologically).
I found the documents difficult to understand (for legal rather than
crypto-tech reasons).  All four applications were made in 1977-1978,
and the patents were granted variously from 1980-1984.  The earliest
one has Hellman, Diffie, and Merkle as inventors; the second just
Hellman and Merkle.  Both are assigned to Stanford University.  It
seems to me that one of these is the one that covers, broadly, public
key cryptography -- presumably the earliest one (4,200,770), since it has all three major players as inventors and the language of the
eight claims seems to be rather broad (though only the second patent,
4,218,582, has the phrase "public key" in its title).
Patent 4,405,829, granted in 1983, is for the RSA algorithm [footnote:
the RSA patent apparently celebrated its tenth birthday two days ago;
was there a party?].  There is no overlap between this patent's
inventors and assignees and the earlier more general patent.  Here's
a question for somebody in the know:  if the earlier patents cover
all public key cryptography and RSA is a public key system, isn't it
in violation of the earlier broader patent?  Does PKP pay license
fees to Stanford, or were they granted exclusive rights by Stanford
as well as MIT?
Similarly, apparently a public-key scheme called Warlock has been
granted patent protection.  How is this possible if somebody else
holds patents covering all of public key encryption?
If I understand patents correctly (hah!) they last for 17 years from
the time they are granted.  This means that the earliest public key
patent will expire in about 3.5 years.  After that presumably
there will be no restrictions on new public key systems.  The RSA
patent would expire in 2000.
If somebody could clarify which patent is the "broad" public key
patent, I'd appreciate it (even with them right in front of me,
I can't tell)!  My guess is that it would have to be either
4,200,770 or 4,218,582 -- if it's the latter, how did Merkle
get squeezed out of inventorship?
Respondents to my initial questions pointed out that the patents
may be over-broad and could be challenged on those grounds; given
the history of how public key crypto was invented, it seems to
me that it would be difficult to contend that the idea is obvious
(Simmons says that the idea "stunned" the crypto community) -- but
I'm no lawyer, and I'll leave that issue to those with more skill,
brains, and money than me!
For now, then, my conclusion is that for four more years at least,
licensing RSA from PKP is probably the only viable commercial option
for companies who wish to give their users public key crypto capabilities.
It seems that the designers of Internet Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM)
agreed with this assessment, as they took the unusual step of including
proprietary RSA in their standard.  For their part, in RFC 1170, PKP
  "We assure the interested parties that Public Key Partners will comply
  with all of the policies of ANSI and the IEEE concerning the availability
  of licenses to practice this art.  Specifically, in support of any RSA
  signature standard which may be adopted, Public Key Partners hereby
  gives its assurance that licenses to practice RSA signatures will be
  available under reasonable terms and conditions on a non-discriminatory
  basis."
That sounds good -- but is troublingly vague.  I have stated earlier what
*I* think is are "reasonable terms" for the inclusion of a minor feature
like PEM-compliance in an email processing system, but I don't get
to decide that.  If anybody knows more specifically how the standards
bodies interpreted "reasonable", please let me know.  As I am contemplating
developing a PEM-compliant product, I will be writing to PKP to discuss
licensing arrangements, but information from others (best: expressed
publicly) would be helpful.  If RSA is the only game in town, let's at
least be clear about the price of admission.
There seems to be a chance that manufacturing PGP-aware products
(but not distributing PGP itself) could slide by, but it could also
be interpreted as "inducement to infringe" which would apparently
be actionable.
The second point in my earlier message, largely obsoleted by the answer to
the first, involved the development of new public key systems.  Given that
selling or otherwise using or distributing a new system now would invite
litigation, the question is rather moot, but I'd like to thank L.
Detweiler and P. Metzger for their comments on the all-important
issue of trusting new algorithms.
Finally, I suppose that it's always possible to come up with some
radically new encryption technique that could be used to support
authentication and yet have nothing to do with public key crypto...
but I'm not holding my breath.
Regarding the recent proposals for the construction of a toolkit,
I'm all in favor and would personally welcome the opportunity to
contribute to such an effort as a hands-on supplement to my
crypto education.  I have extensive experience with C and C++,
and am VERY familiar with TCL (pronounced 'tickle', for those
not in the know).  A good start would be a clear statement of
If this "Why RSA" thread has been too basic and has caused
frustration for that reason, please forgive me.  I have learned
a great deal, and I hope that somebody somewhere else has
profited as well.

@_date: 1993-09-22 14:26:59
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Toolkit 
Well, this highlights an issue -- should a Toolkit be based
on PGP or RSAREF?  If the releasers of PGP are disinclined
toward the project, perhaps RSAREF would make more sense
(though I suppose that depends on how much cypherpunks hate
(er, damn, the *other* derek)

@_date: 1993-09-24 11:50:39
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: Patents 
Too often in email fora, when a substantive discussion results
in the presentation of interesting material, no effort is made
to integrate the result into a form that will be useful beyond
the heat of the exchange.  For this reason, I will impose once
more upon the bandwidth of Cypherpunks with a rewrite of my
previous mini-essay.  Because of the effort and generosity of
many correspondents, I hope that some of the clueless parts
have had clues plugged in.
Rather than equivocating, which is my usual practice when not
entirely certain of what I'm saying, I state some "facts" quite
plainly here because equivocation is kind of annoying to everybody.
If anybody notices that I'm "full of it" in some way, please let
me know... I have no desire to mislead or cause confusion.
Special thanks to:
E. Carp
L. Detweiler
P. Metzger
smb at research.att.com
Starting with a premise that widespread use of Public-Key
Cryptography (PKC) would be in some sense a Good Thing
(and for our purposes here ignoring the interesting and
spirited reasons for *why* PKC is so cool), newbie
Cypherpunks may well wonder how this can be achieved.
My purpose here is not to complain about restrictions
or wonder about alternate worlds without those
restrictions; rather it's an attempt to assess what
the restrictions are and what their practical
implications are.
The important fact of life in this area is that PKC has
been granted patent protection and is proprietary
technology.  Exclusive licensing rights to PKC and
its dominant embodiment, the RSA algorithm, have been
assigned to Public Key Partners (PKP).
PATENT PROTECTION:
smb at research.att.com explained patents (only excerpts are quoted here):
There are four patents of primary interest (I mention three because I'm
not certain what 4,424,414 [1984] is all about):
4,200,770, granted 1980.  This patent (smb again:) " claims virtually all
mechanisms for public key distribution or exchange systems.  Exponential
key exchange is the particular example given; it's claimed, too."  This
patent has Diffie, Hellman, and Merkle as inventors.  Diffie and Hellman
working together, and Merkle working independently, came up with the
ideas behind PKC.  The patent was assigned to Stanford University.
Since with PKC keys can be broadcast without requiring a secure channel,
it offers obvious advantages for key distribution.
4,218,582, granted 1980.  It (smb:) "claims all of public-key
cryptography.  The knapsack system was the particular system given;
it was claimed, as well."  Hellman and Merkle are the inventors
on this patent, also assigned to Stanford.  From reading Diffie's
"The First Ten Years of Public Key Cryptography," I get the impression
that Diffie was not on this patent because Hellman and Merkle
together devised the "trapdoor knapsack" that was the particular
system illustrating PKC.  At some financial cost to Merkle in lost
bets, that particular PKC system was broken, but that is only a
historical footnote.
4,405,829, granted 1983.  This patent is for the RSA algorithm,
and has Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman as inventors.  This patent
was assigned to MIT.  Diffie calls RSA "the single most spectacular
contribution to public key cryptography" and it is an un-"broken"
complete public key cryptosystem.  RSA is the overwhelmingly
dominant PKC system.  The difficulty of breaking RSA has not
been proven equal to the difficulty of factoring the product
of two large prime numbers, which would be desirable because
it would preclude some cracking scheme coming in from nowhere
(we'll say that factoring is "somewhere" because it's commonly
studied).  Rabin has come up with a RSA variant that is equivalent
to factoring, but has other technical problems.
Because PKP has been assigned all licensing rights to these
patents, which cover all of PKC to one extent or another,
we are not at present free to code up and sell PKC tools
without licensing the technology from PKP -- at least not
without risk of a lawsuit.  Some people believe that
one or more of the patents are invalid in some way.  A
patent must be for something new, useful, and non-obvious.
Given that PKC is useful, the other two criteria could
be challenged:
  * perhaps the ideas could be described as obvious
  * perhaps prior art could be demonstrated, so that the
    patented inventions aren't really "new".
Such an effort would cost a great deal of money and is
uncertain of success.
Other efforts to get around the PKP monopoly are possible.
One idea would be to claim an "experimental use exemption",
an unclear way of legitimately ignoring a patent for personal
experimental use (see the comp.patents FAQ for more information
on this and other patent issues).  Another idea is simply
to ignore the patent.  PKP would have to sue the infringer,
an expensive and time-consuming process and probably not worthwhile
for some small infringements -- but it's probably very unwise
to try making any money this way!  Another legal route would
be to claim that the assignment of rights by MIT and Stanford
to PKP violate anti-trust laws.
Users of the wonderful "underground" program PGP presumably
are doing so with the "experimental use" idea or the "ignore
the patent" idea in mind.  While this has caused some friction,
it appears not to be very dangerous for individual users.
The final approach to an end-run around the patents is to wait.
The broad PKC patents expire in less than four years, which
should allow non-RSA PKC schemes to be developed and sold
without restriction.  However, it is important not to
underestimate the difficulties of doing this.  Solid efficient
PKC schemes are most definitely not trivial to devise, and
an extended period of evaluation by professional cryptologists
is probably required in order to convince users that the
scheme offers good security.  The RSA patent expires in 2000.
The straightforward approach, and the only practical one for
small-time entrepreneurs wanting to develop PKC products now, is
to strike a deal with PKP for the use of RSA (as ViaCrypt has
done for the "legit" version of PGP).
It seems that the designers of Internet Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM)
agreed with this assessment, as they took the unusual step of including
proprietary RSA in their standard.  For their part, in RFC 1170, PKP
  "We assure the interested parties that Public Key Partners will comply
  with all of the policies of ANSI and the IEEE concerning the availability
  of licenses to practice this art.  Specifically, in support of any RSA
  signature standard which may be adopted, Public Key Partners hereby
  gives its assurance that licenses to practice RSA signatures will be
  available under reasonable terms and conditions on a non-discriminatory
  basis."
The exact meaning of "reasonable terms and conditions" is not clear.
For evidence we can look at the ViaCrypt product, which is apparently
available for less than $50 in quantity.  Since it includes the
extensive facilities of PGP, as well as support overhead, in addition
to the cost of the RSA license.
Standards (for example, PGP and PEM) are key to widespread use of PKC.
It appears unlikely that standards will go to something besides RSA
any time in the near future.
The final option is to invent some new revolutionary technique, to
amaze and delight Cypherpunks everywhere.  Please do.  Good luck.
  sci.crypt FAQ: information about PKC
  comp.patents FAQ: information about patents
  RIPEM FAQ: stuff about PKP stopping developement of an implementation
  Diffie, W.: "The First Ten Years of Public Key Cryptography", chapter
    3 of: G. Simmons (ed.), Contemporary Cryptology: the Science of
    Information Integrity. IEEE press, 1991.
      which  might be the same as:
    "The first ten years of public key cryptography", Diffie, W.,
    Proceedings of the IEEE 76:5, 1988, pp 560-577.
  Cypherpunks list archive (there is one, right?):  many interesting

@_date: 1993-09-30 12:11:55
@_author: Derek Zahn 
@_subject: How about a pgp RFC... 
Perry Metzger:
That's perfect!
type: application
subtype: pgp
The registration procedure is pretty simple.  I'd be happy to
help work out a specification.  If anybody tackles this,
with or without help, please let me (or us) know.
