
@_date: 2000-10-06 21:34:33
@_author: despot 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Disposable remailers 
Perhaps this idea would work on low volume remailers. An iButton could be loaded with an applet to perform public key crypto, and thus, a sort of mixmaster remailer could be constructed. But, the memory constraints on iButtons (I believe 134K is the max currently available) and their slow speed may even rule this out for a low-volume remailer. And, as Bill mentioned, latency and reordering would not be feasible. Without those features, the amount of anonymity is reduced.
Problems occur if the locations of these tini remailers are spread through such means. If the addresses are posted to a web site, tracking down such remailers would be simple, quick, and as thorough as the list of the remailers.
Use of these tini remailers should really only be done in a remailer-chained message. Of course, the chain would need to include one or more non-tini remailers. This way, even if all tini remailers are monitored, you still have a remailer that provides some level of obfuscation through latency and reordering.
But, this disposable remailer idea is solid. As a quick example scheme, if there were some sort of remailer protocol that functioned like routing protocols, as disposable remailers came online, they could announce themselves to other remailers. Pseudorandom hopping from one disposable remailer to another could occur in a remailer-chained message, instead of manually encrypting a message for a chain of remailers. The sender could encrypt the message for the gateway and final non-disposable remailers and then specify a hop count. The first non-disposable remailer would decrypt one layer of encryption, decrement the hop count, pick pseudorandomly a disposable remailer to pass this message to, encrypt this message and pass it on. When the hop count hits one, the message is just forwarded to the final non-disposable remailer in the chain, which would then decrypt the final layer of encryption and passes it on to the recipient. Of course, this example is just something I pulled out of my ass...read up on more advance schemes if interested.
The dynamic property of such a scheme would be ideal for disposable remailers. As they are discovered and removed, the system would compensate. With cheap cost, simple set up, and ease of hiding, disposable remailers could be brought online faster than they are taken down. And, if placed anonymously, there will no one to be held responsible for the devices.
So, are small devices like tini's the ideal form of the future remailer? Is some sort of distributed, dynamic remailer scheme based on small devices the way to go? The stable remailer running on a box is subject to all sorts of legal issues, isp problems, etc. These covert, anonymous remailers have a great deal more On a side note, what other throw-away internet-ready devices would be of interest? Motion detectors? Access control devices? Door

@_date: 2000-10-08 18:35:03
@_author: despot 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Disposable remailers 
I will inject one missing piece of my example, the final remailer (and perhaps even the whole message) should be obfuscated by the hop count.
This way only the last disposable remailer before the final remailer has this information.
on it. At
leave and
Ok, I am stretching my memory here, but...
I read about mix-nets and the "Flash Mixing" paper months ago, so I may be a bit off. If I remember correctly, you have network of mix servers. Any set of these mix servers can be used to perform the mix, and as long as one is "honest," the result will be private. These servers communicate over some sort of broadcast Lets say C is a list of the ciphertexts (c0...ci) after encrypting messages M (m0...mi) with a public key. C flows through the mix-net where it is re-encrypted, permuted, sorted, etc by each mix server (so each mix server has a modified copy of the list) and out pops C'. C' is a list of ciphertexts corresponding to M.
For the Flash Mix, the mix servers can confirm to a high probability that C' was computed correctly. As long as one of the mix servers is honest and an attacker does not know, I think it is, 2 plaintexts corresponding to input ciphertexts, then there is a high probability of privacy. More so, I believe there are even dummy inputs in the list C to help strengthen this scheme against So, off the top of my head, issues with extending this scheme to disposable remailers...
Well, the list size immediately comes to mind for memory-constrained devices. The resistance to attack is dependent on the list size and the number of lists (which corresponds to the number of mix servers used). Adding nodes should have no impact as they would not be part of the current mixes. Dropping nodes not used in any mixes would be fine, but what happens when a node being used in a mix fails? The mix could start over, using pseudorandomly selected nodes perhaps. The system also seems to fall prey to malicious remailers. For the flash mix, I believe, it is assumed that nodes will perform properly more often than not, but this seems to be the rarer case in a disposable remailer structure. The means of communication would need to be looked at, especially with this dynamic environment. How to eliminate nodes that are found to be malfunctioning from being used by other  nodes? A few trusted, "honest" nodes should be available to the mixes in order to ensure privacy. And so on... :)

@_date: 2000-10-08 18:41:05
@_author: despot 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Disposable remailers 
It is interesting to note the two sides of the same coin...mix protocols in theory vs the realities of implementation on these devices.
considered to
time, and
work, traffic
This scheme is extremely open to attack, especially when you take into account that many of the nodes will be hostile. Even if the underlying mix protocol were robust enough to protect the sender over hostile nodes, traffic analysis, as you mentioned, is a major weakness (for example, messages could be traced throught the The idea and papers brought forth in David's post might be of use here. Instead of passing one message at a time through nodes, a list of messages could filter through the nodes. But, those damned memory constraints...
intranets where
If the devices' communication piggy-backed on common protocols like http, it would be easier to mask, especially in high traffic areas. But, the communication would need to permuted in some way that a generic pattern match would not detect it. Otherwise, IDS vendors and the like will add rules to detect such traffic.
cover traffic
compromised.  If
Who do you trust becomes an issue if nodes pass information ways to
I meant in addition to, but that is an interesting distribution As the world becomes more and more connected and devices get smaller and more powerful, the opportunity to plant and exploit rogue, networked modules becomes far greater. A person could have a great deal of fun with this stuff. The government already does.

@_date: 2002-08-16 14:32:29
@_author: despot 
@_subject: employment market for applied cryptographers? 
Having devoted security personnel is a low priority at most companies.
General engineers will be tasked with figuring out how to incorporate
"security" and cryptography into products. I have visited many a company
where I am talking to a room full of very sharp engineers, but there is
a fundamental lack of understanding of cryptographic primitives and
their applications (let alone high-level protocols using those
At large companies, having a few strong security engineers that can
provide support to the various engineering areas should be a norm (if
anything, from a liability perspective). At small companies, having
security engineers who are also capable of general engineering is a good
balance. It seems lately that neither is occurring, but this will
probably correct itself as security becomes a
emanded feature.
Of note, in my (Washington DC Metro) area there has been plenty of
demand for cryptographic/information assurance/security engineers.
PS One (vague) example of the blunders that occur...
A friend of mine worked for a company and wanted me to meet a few of
their engineers. We started talking about cryptography and the engineers
told me a story. It seemed that this company had wanted to add
encryption to their communications products and some engineers were
tasked with building this feature. These engineers did some digging and
they discovered asymmetric and symmetric cryptography. Since asymmetric
cryptography seemed "better," they decided to use it (RSA algorithm) to
encrypt/decrypt the traffic. (Bad idea.) (of note, this was eventually changed to using a public key-based key
exchange of symmetric keys. These symmetric keys were then used by a
symmetric algorithm to encrypt/decrypt the traffic. I do not know the
details of the protocol used or if it was standards-based.)
Using this example, bringing on a (probably contract) "cryptographic
security engineer" would have saved a great deal of time and effort.
