
@_date: 2011-03-20 21:02:15
@_author: Devin Balkind 
@_subject: Not sure if this is related but... 
I've been working on creating alliances between liberty and open source
activists for about a year and have found that there is a MASSIVE
philosophical overlap between people interested in technical and political
freedom.  In fact, I think one of the best opportunities the open source
movement has to get in front of the American people is through the voices of
'tea party' political candidates.  No joke.
I was at CPAC last month telling every liberty activist I could get my hands
on one simple thing: "The people will stop supporting government when they
know they can thrive without it."  Then I tell them about how easy it would
be to create Drupal, Joomla and Wordpress deployments and component
libraries for common tasks such as running schools, local governments,
hospitals, fire departments, etc.  We could have open source technology
solutions originating from local groups instead of the federal government.
 They love it.
There is an initiative brewing out of Young Americans for Liberty (formerly
Students for Ron Paul) called Year of Youth .  Their
mission is to get 100+ youth candidates trained and running for local, state
and federal offices by 2012.  I may have the opportunity to develop their
technology candidate training module.  Another group we should all be
familiar with is the Free State Project in New Hampshire where a multi-year
effort to take over the state government and make New Hampshire the freest
state in the Union is underway and beginning to pay divided.  I've met many
of the free staters.  They're awesome and philosophically aligned with us.
If we can help the liberty movement explain to the American people how they
can overcome the challenges of self-governance using open source
technologies, we can get our message of autonomy and resilience into the
homes of nearly every American.  If anyone on this list would like to help
me with this endeavor, please let me know and we can connect.
I've begun a presentation about this issue:
I've been listing resources here:
Live Free :)
