
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Daniel Nexon 
@_subject: No subject 
irtheory-owner at yahoogroups.com
Delivered-To: mailing list irtheory at yahoogroups.com
The quotation marks here, I assume, are a disclaimer. Liberalism is not
Marxism. Nor, for that matter, is support for social democracy. I don't
see how antipathy towards the right-wing dictatorships that committed
gross violations of human rights against opponents seeking peaceful
change or political liberalization translates into having to champion
Stalin, Pol Pot, Mao, or whomever.
Why do so many on your side of this argument use definitional fiat to
wind up rationalizing Pinochet's reign of terror, Guatemala's genocide
against the Mayans, an so on? Indeed, freedom, on face, isn't about
arbitrary imprisonment or torture. Is taxation for social goods, which
often involves income redistribution, an equivalent violation of
freedom? I'm not so sure.
Income redistribution in the US did not cause famine and tragedy, nor
in the UK, France, the Federal Republic of Germany, Denmark, etc. It
seems to me famine and/or tragedy were direct results, however, of the
policies put into place by many graduates of the SOA.
Already happened. Kosovo campaign.
I'm not sure what this has to do with the supposed democratic peace.
A remarkably flawed book, deployed in an even more remarkably strange
way here. To wit:
These would be?
The goal of the Portuguese, the Spanish, and the Dutch, for example,
was to secure monopolies through military coercion... often, in the
process, breaking apart other European powers' monopolies (e.g., the
Dutch struggle against Portugal and Spain).
Daniel Nexon
Assistant Professor of Government / School of Foreign Service
Georgetown University
Washington, DC
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
