
@_date: 2000-09-18 13:50:09
@_author: Your Friends at Dialpad 
@_subject: CDR: Exciting News from Dialpad! 
Dialpad.com Newsletter
Volume 1, Issue 1
This newsletter is sponsored by: mySimon.com Click here! Dear Bunny,
Thank you for subscribing to our monthly Dialpad.com newsletter. Our newsletter features our latest products, press releases, and tips to make your Dialpad experience the best it can be.  Also, please join us in thanking our advertisers. They keep our basic service free through banner advertising. So, if you're online and you see an ad that interests you, please click on it. Clicking never disconnects your calls. The more you click, the more we can improve our services and keep Dialpad free! For questions about our service, visit our Help section at
 where you will find answers in our FAQ's and Dialpad web searcher. We hope you enjoy our service and continue to make free long distance phone calls from your PC to anywhere in the U.S. Brad Garlinghouse
Chief Executive Officer, Dialpad.com
P.S. Don't forget to tell your friends about Dialpad!
DIALPAD CHECKLIST
We've put together a checklist to make calls using Dialpad easier than ever!
-	Does your keypad not appear? Download the latest JAVA VM -	Still not getting a keypad? Try clearing your cache file. -	Not sure how to make a call? Check out our tutorial -	Hearing an echo? Perhaps it's time to buy a headset from THIS MONTH'S FEATURES
Here are some of the new features to enhance your Dialpad dialpadStore - Check out the latest e-products in our new store!
Firewall Reflector - Use Dialpad at work or at home!
PC-to-PC calling - Call your friends whenever they are on-line!
Skins - Change the look and feel of your Dialpad applet! Dialpad Agent - Launch Dialpad from your desktop!
Shop & compare handhelds, PDA's, notebook computers & software
at mySimon.com DID YOU KNOW?
E-commerce - You can save 20% at the new dialpadStore. Just enter coupon DLPD2 at checkout and receive up to $10 off headsets, electronics, and many other great products.
Firewall Reflector - Our new patent pending technology facilitates voice data travel across company firewalls, personal NAT and other IP sharing environments. If your company or home firewall blocked Dialpad in the past, give it another try! One-click calling from the phone book - By entering names into your personalized phonebook, you can dial your friends directly with one click of the mouse. Dialing method - You do not need to enter a '1' when entering a 10-digit phone number. You can also make phone calls using letters such as 800 FLOWERS.
Capacity - Our capacity is continually being expanded to support our unprecedented growth. That means no more busy signals and less Comparison shop for products at more than 2,000 online stores!
Click here! To unsubscribe from this newsletter, simply reply to this email with "Remove" in the subject line.
