
@_date: 1997-12-21 05:29:20
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva) 
well, and there are far fewer of them around in certain areas than there
used to be ...

@_date: 1998-01-01 09:41:24
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Location Escrow anyone ? 
Tracking of Swiss mobile phone users starts row
Copyright � 1997 Reuters ZURICH (December 28, 1997 4:12 p.m. EST  - Swiss
police have secretly tracked the whereabouts of mobile phone users via a
telephone company computer that records billions of movements going back
more than half a year, a Sunday newspaper reported.
The revelation in the SonntagsZeitung newspaper triggered objections from
politicians and the country's privacy ombudsman about high-tech snooping on
citizens who like the convenience of a mobile phone.
Officials from state telephone company Swisscom confirmed the practice, but
insisted information about mobile customers was only handed out on court
"Swisscom has stored data on the movements of more than a million mobile
phone users. It can call up the location of all its mobile subscribers down
to a few hundred meters and going back at least half a year," the paper
"When it has to, it can exactly reconstruct down to the minute who met
whom, where and for how long for a confidential tete-a-tete," it said.
Some 3,000 base stations across the country track the location of mobile
phones as soon as they are switched on, not just when customers are having
conversations, it said.
Prosecutors called the records a wealth of information that helped track
criminals' movements.
"This is a very efficient investigation tool," Renato Walti, an
investigating magistrate in Zurich who specialises in organised crime, was
quoted as telling the paper.
The paper said Swisscom and law-enforcement officials were reluctant to
discuss the records, which were supposed to be secret.
But it quoted Toni Stadelmann, head of Swisscom's mobile phone division, as
saying: "We release the movement profile of mobile telephone customers on a
judge's order."
SonntagsZeitung said there was no legal basis for storing such information.
"I am unaware of any law that would allow the preventative collection of
data for investigative purposes," it quoted Odilo Guntern, the federal
ombudsman for protecting individuals' privacy, as saying.
"Secretly collecting data is highly problematic," added Alexander
Tschaeppat, a judge and member of the lower house of parliament.
Copyright � 1997 Nando.net

@_date: 1998-04-16 18:38:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: GSM cellphones cloned---Threats? 
a surface mount high density low cost phone PC board.  A lot of the
stuff required is in ASICs in a typical phone, and they are not in
general easily adapted to playing a different role even if the full
design database and phone schematics are available to the hacker which
it would not be.
phone  could be used to fill a number of functions in such an animal,
and a couple of partially stripped GSM phone PC cards would certainly be
useful as part of such.  I would see such a probe base station as a
briefcase size object run by a laptop or powerful palmtop spliced into
two or three hacked up phone PC cards with some added signal processing
logic in a FPGA or two (and maybe an added RF modem chip as well).
and more adaptable, although the 1.9 ghz PCS US versions are mostly
pretty recent.   And there may be some universal multi-standard brand
that is much more software configured than others and might be an easier
jumping off place - I certainly have not investigated this at all (nor
do I expect to).
weakened to allow such SIM probing.   Intelligence agencies are not in
general  interested in cloning, but for those without access to whatever
magic hardware (or software) exists for cracking A5/1 at low cost in
real time, the ability to once recover the SIM secret allows easy
listening to all subsequent calls from that phone (or SIM) with no
required cracking hardware time or access.  And this is very valuable in
lots of situations, such as covert operations out of hotels in foreign
places where having highly classified A5 cracking boxes in tow would be
a significant security risk.
on visiting diplomats, heads of state, or trade delegations who are using
their GSM phones in a roaming mode and depending on the fact the GSM home
switching office does not disclose their long term secret, such probing can
be quietly concealed in the real traffic of a legitimate base station.
The secrets recovered can then be used to crack traffic back in the
visitor's home country where he may be trusting his local system to
be secure.
nearby hotel rooms and recover their secrets must be awfully useful to
many even third rate intelligence operations - this allows listening to
all their subsequent traffic without requiring an A5/1 cracking
capability at all - let alone one that works real time from low cost
portable units.
would catch or prevent enough probes to crack the SIM secret, your physical access method allows black bag jobs to recover the SIM secret
of phones left poorly guarded for a few hours.   This alone
is very obviously of great use to intelligence types (at least unless
there is some hardware backdoor in the SIM to allow the readout in
seconds rather than hours).

@_date: 1998-04-17 14:52:35
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Position escrow 
technology (AKA FCC mandated E-911 emergency call location reporting), the  April 1998 Issue of IEEE Communications Magazine is a special issue
devoted to the subject of locating cellphones and other personal
wireless devices that radiate rf.
location of a caller accurate to within 125 meters at least 67% of the
time.  And the industry seems to be moving toward DTOA and other passive
triangulation techniques rather than making cell phones simply contain a
GPS receiver. This of course means that the network will be able to
locate a cellphone whenever it radiates anything at all, rather than
asking it for its position only under certain emergency circumstances
such as an E-911 call. And all cell and PCS phones and some pagers can be
interrogated by the network and commanded to silently respond with a
registration message without user intervention or knowlage as part of
the mechanism by which the cell system locates the correct cell site to
put an incoming call for the phone on.  Thus passive tracking of the
location of  any cellphone that is turned on with 125 meter accuracy
will become a feature of most cell and PCS  networks, a feature presumably subject to at least some law enforcement access via the CALEA
such tracking, is there any reason to believe that law enforcement and other more shadowy groups won't find the necessary "terrorist, drug
dealer, etc" crisis to gain secret access to this capability ?

@_date: 1998-02-10 13:11:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: SOFT TEMPEST (fwd) 
seconds the processing gain from integration of the signal verus the uncorrelated noise over thousands of cycles gets quite interesting. And
add to that the tricks one can do with comb filters and combining
together the correllated energy from several harmonics of the dot clock
one can see that getting signal out from under the trash is easy even at
considerable distances.   It has, in fact, been speculated that the
larger NSA geo and near geosync ELINT/COMINT satellites probably have
the required capability to accomplish this from orbit (with football
field sized antennas this isn't out of the question at all).
some extremely expensive HP synthesizer (often of course available for
a few dollars at the local ham radio flea markets in any case), but
simply a good voltage controlled crystal oscillator on the right frequency.
These are $5 parts...

@_date: 1998-01-20 14:58:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Locating radio receivers 
the like radiate quite a bit of energy and can be easily seen on a
spectrum analyzer at hundreds of feet (with no special effort).   A good
bit of energy escapes many scanners through the cheap and poorly
shielded plastic case and power cords rather than leaving via the
antenna, so even if a good broadband preamp is used between the antenna
and the input of the scanner - which should effectively eliminate LO
radiation from going out the antenna because the preamp is going to have
to have a great deal of loss for energy routed through it backwards
(output to input) or it would be unstable and oscillate -  the signals
radiated from the radio itself and the power cord will give it away.
from scanners - IF radiation is much lower in level in most modern gear because of the very short lead lengths and comparitively low signal
levels and good decoupling from the antenna - IF frequencies (save the
first IF on many scanners) are low enough so the component leads don't
act like a very good antenna because they are such a tiny fraction of
a wavelength.
shielded, some in fact to TEMPEST level specs,  and don't have the
problems that most  cheap scanners for hobbiests have.  If used with a
good preamp ahead of them they are very hard to detect if the shielding
is intact and undamaged (which may or may not be the case for a unit
that has been kicked around for years and carelessly repaired and
receivers and transcievers use no or very little RF amplification before
the first mixer in order to maximize dynamic range and third order
intercept and their 1st LO's (usually in the low VHF range) are not as
well isolated from the antenna.
phase locked to a local crystal oscillator and the LO is not as likely
to be detectably modulated by the audio the receiver is receiving as was
the case with the vacuum tube era communications receivers in the RAFTER
era that used free running LC tuned oscillators.   Power supply regulation
and decoupling is much better in modern gear, and this combined with
the use of phase locked synthesized oscillators means that while it may
be possible to detect radiation from the receiver LO, it is not as easy
to detect fm and am sidebands coming from the receiver audio which was
the basis of a lot of RAFTER work.
these days, so anyone who is trying to operate an undetected receiver
for any serious purpose now has the tools to determine just how much his
gear is radiating.   Of course the detection gear has gotten better too,
but careful shielding up to and including faraday cages, use of good
preamps and circulators and use of spectrum analyzers to check for stray
radiation makes it less likely that someone will  easily find a
carefully hidden receiver than in the past.   But a plastic cased
consumer grade scanner from Radio Shack may be detectable a half mile
away... or more...

@_date: 1998-03-06 20:09:59
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Crypto as contraband 
References: Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Mutt 0.85
items posted to this very list:
of 1998, passed by the House 414 to 1....
 "(4) Any person who manufactures, assembles, modifies, imports, exports,
 sells, or distributes any electronic, mechanical, or other device or
 equipment, knowing or having reason to know that the device or equipment ..."
 .... clause concerning satellite  piracy gear omited .....
 " , or is intended for any receipt, interception, divulgence, publication, or
 utilization of any communication in violation of subsection (a), shall
 be fined not more than $500,000 for each violation, or imprisoned for
 not more than 5 years for each violation, or both. For purposes of all
 penalties and remedies established for violations of this paragraph, the
 prohibited activity established herein as it applies to each such device
 shall be deemed a separate violation."
Subsection a:  " ....... No person not being authorized by the sender shall
 intentionally intercept any radio communication *or* divulge or publish
 the existence, contents, substance, purport, effect, or meaning of such
 intercepted communication to any person..........." itself criminal]
 "Nothing in this subsection prohibits an interception or disclosure of a
  communication as authorized by chapter 119 of title 18, United States
  Code."      	  [which covers broadcast, ham, marine, aviation. governmental,
and communications readily accessible to the general public, whatever
that means]
radio gear capable of intercepting banned radio communications, it
provides extremely stiff felony level penalties for manufacturing,
assembling, modifying, importing, exporting, selling, or distributing
any radio receiving gear that might be construed to be intended for
receipt or interception of any radio communications not on the allowed
list.  And these penalties apply to each individual sale.
stranger for cash - a scanner legally purchased from Radio Shack in the
era  before cell phone frequencies were outlawed on scanners -  could
conceivably result in a $500,000 fine and a five year jail term.  And
Lord knows what horrible penalties could be assessed against innocent
people selling the sort of oddball specialized communications gear and
test equipment that are the stock in trade of many of the more
interesting ham fests and swapmeets [MIT's monthly fleas for example].
but most sales of gear at hamfests and the like are anonymous cash
transactions between total strangers with every possiblity that the guy a
table over with the video camera is filming your sale for evidence.
basements with communications monitoring and decoding software and
hardware, manufacture and assembly have been defined in other federal
cases to include merely writing software for one's own use. Surely this
would apply to creating cryptanalysis software for any form of radio
communications at all, since it is not legal to intercept any radio
communications that are "scrambled or encrypted".  And there is no
exception made for research and development or academic purposes.
merely want to tinker with their radios and occasionally explore what is
out there in the ether by passively and in private receiving radio
signals as they have to gun owners, who at least possess a weapon
capable of doing some serious harm.  And there is not a single sentance
in the legislation providing any kind of encouragement for the use of
cryptography to protect the privacy of openly broadcast signals
receivable for miles around, let alone mandating it.

@_date: 1998-03-08 13:35:04
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
take issue with this.  I found plenty of technical papers in the Bell
System Technical Journal proudly describing so called SF E&M signalling
(which uses 2600 hz) in great detail, along with MFKP  (blue box tones)
and the whole signalling and switching architecture of the (then) Bell
system. They were proud of what they had developed and quite willing to
share it with the technical community - it was no dark secret at all. There was even a technical paper that described in detail a bizzare two
frequency one transistor oscillator that allowed them to build what was
essentially a blue box into a operator console keypad.
with devious twisted hacker style imaginations  and the spook agency
types had ever asked what might happen if you sent these in-band tones
down the line from a subscriber telephone at just the right (or wrong)
moments, and what it might be possible to do with this knowlage.  Nobody else knew or cared to find out what might happen if...
with protecting it don't think about how to defeat the protections they
put in place because they are linear thinkers hobbled by the idea that
everyone will do only the most obvious things.  But I really think that
they perfectly well know that current software can be easily patched to
defeat controls, and that there is little they can do  about it.  Nor is
the threat from software patches to Netscape really likely to endanger
much, since there is already a lot of software like PGP available that
is already strong.  In fact I rather suspect that they are quite happy
to see that patch in ciculation since it substantially bolsters their
long held insistance that all crypto be implemented in tamperproof
hardware chips and not software.
happens when future tamperproof Intel CPUs acquire the ability to run
encrypted code decrypted inside the processor and all copies of Windows
2001 are completely unpatchable and opaque (without breaking the crypto)
and nicely jiggered to enforce rules about what programs are allowed to
do what or even run at all.

@_date: 1998-03-08 14:47:10
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
(who is alleged to have started out in business by pirating and selling
DEC software as a high school student) has a particularly keen desire to
control the widespread piracy of MS products.  His aggressive pushes to
assert his property rights are well known (and not atypical of reformed
sinners if the probably apocryphal report is true). software, has a very strong incentive to push for implementation of
copyright controls and smartcard authentication for its products into
the basic architecture of PCs.  And guess what - it controls the high
level architecture of the worlds PCs pretty much entirely by its
monopoly control of the major operating systems that run on them.   So
it seems frighteningly likely that Microsoft - which would stand to gain
a lot of money now lost to piracy from such a feature - will very gladly
do all it can to see that crypto based strong copyright enforcement is
built into the hardware and inner regions of the operationg system of
Wintel systems.
the inner kernel be unmodifiable (easy to do with digital signatures),
and probably kept extremely secret (easy to do with crypto).  In such an
environment it is awfully easy to strike a deal with the government that
adds a little piece or two of code in that black inner space in exchange
for a bending a bit on anti-trust enforcement.

@_date: 1998-03-08 17:59:18
@_author: 'die@die.com' 
@_subject: Encryption export controls are a rationalization of a "cheat" 
with cellphones is that people have cellphones.  And cellphones are
generally not designed to be tamperproof (in many cases little or no
effort in this cost competitive market has gone into this) so making
a real cellphone serve as the front end to a snooping system has and will
be done and in fact be the easiest hack engineering solution.
and are keenly interested in other people's affairs.  All of us are
to some degree - witness the feeding frenzy over the Monica affair -
and some guestimates have estimated that perhaps as much as 40% of
analog cell calls near large cities are being eavesdropped on by
at least one other person.
depiction of the mysterious "hacker" long haired mad kid intent on evil
invasion of the worlds computers is helping create the illusion
that there is a separate techno criminal class.  But the reality is
that more and more people are crossing the barriers that the older lawyers
in congress never tried to cross and learning something about technology and software.   And these people are the guy next door with the cute
kids, not fringe crazies.   And the evil net allows information to
become available much more widely than before.
in what the US people will tolerate.  They hate the idea of being spied open
but buy nanny cams and gobble up spy novels and TV shows.   They purchase
millions of police scanners and react in horror when Linda Tripp tapes a conversation to protect her ass.   And they expect the US government
to be on top of events around the world and have inside knowlage of other governments and react in horror when their spies are unmasked
within our walls, and their eavesdropping gets shown on the nightly
news.  And cities install more and more cameras and bosses read more
email and listen to more calls on business phones every year.
effort has gone into frank deception, and active determined efforts to block
those of us who have been fighting for incorperating at least minimal
crypto communications security into the infrastructure.
longer possible to control the flow of information and news about communications security and crypto, and slowly the holes will get
  People do get more
for the last chance... and why congress is busily passing anti scanner
bills to solve the cellphone privacy problem that don't mention a thing
about cryptography.
enough ceremony the public will see the emporer's clothes

@_date: 1998-03-09 18:29:04
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: EU plans decryption ban 
because of the potential first amendment issues, but there are (and have
been since the late 1980s)  felony level bans with $500,000 fines for
each incident  on the manufacture, assembly, modification, import,
export, sale and distribution of any device or equipment primarily of
assistance in the unauthorized decryption of satellite cable programming
or direct to home satellite.
video transmissions that are scrambled or encrypted can be prosecuted
under current law as a felony.

@_date: 1998-03-11 14:26:07
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Cryptography 
of the threat, Is this really true ?   The technical people I know who work
for the government seem to get salaries that would be low in industry
for someone with that background.
really making the $60-95K that ordinary senior engineers designing bus
drivers make around here (the NE).  If they are, they are getting lots
more than other municipal employees such as school teachers with masters
degrees. (In fact, I've heard that demand had recently driven salaries
in the valley way up and maybe my numbers for engineers are low,
especially for software engineers.)
exempt professionals but  allows companies to treat them as just cannon
fodder workers stuffed into cubicles and treated with little of the
respect the term professional would suggest - to be forced to work large
amounts of completely uncompensated overtime. Bus drivers (non exempt)
do get paid for every minute they are on the job, and many times work
schedules are deliberately arranged to guarantee significant amounts of
overtime at time and a half, so many bus drivers actually make a
significant multiple of their nominal salary for the same hours
engineers get base salary and no more.
managers and legal types and others in government whose private sector
equivalents get huge salaries do work at a considerable loss.  Salaries
for top of the heap government employees such as judges and managers
of large departments with budgets in the tens or hundreds of millions
rarely get more than $150K, whereas similar people would get much
more in the private sector.
workers are one of the very few classes of workers left in the economy
who have any actual job security long term at all.

@_date: 1998-03-11 14:47:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
anybody know how this would apply to crypto (such as PGP) available in
source form ?   Would only binaries produced by compiling the source
before the cutoff date be legal ?  Or would compiling the source under a
new version of the OS or new OS or even new instruction set (ISA-64 on a
Merced for example) merely constitute reasonable use of the existing
source product ? How about mechanical translations of the object to
another environment or instruction set ?   And what level of patches,
bug fixes, or actual changes and improvements to the source would be
legal if it was legal to compile the source and use the resulting binary
after the cutoff ?

@_date: 1998-03-20 10:14:58
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: reference 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
blind the opponent, perhaps even sometimes at critical times when that
can induce him to behave dangerously - but I fail to see how a cipher in
and of itself is a weapon of destruction, let alone mass destruction.  I
see crypto as an entirely defensive weapon with no potential to destroy
anything (except perhaps data when the key gets lost or forgotten).
together with a wirewrap tool - which isn't really the tool one would
want to assemble HERF or HPM destructive weapons with in any case
since wirewrap wire can barely handle an amp or so max...

@_date: 1998-03-30 14:04:08
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Rivest's Wheat & Chaff - A crypto alternative 
radio signal privacy and restrictions on scanners and receiving
radio signals without authority, the other (HR2460 and S493) concerns
use of scanners to capture ESNs for the purposes of cloning cellphones.
Both passed the House, and the anti-cloning bill also passed the Senate.
ban mere possession of cell capable scanners.  It bans manufacture,
assembly, sale, import, export, or distribution of *any* radio equipment
(not just cellphone capable scanners) "intended" for the unauthorized
receipt, interception, or divulgance of communications in violation of
the amended section 605 (which bans interception or divulgance rather
than the previous *and* divulgance).  This very clearly does not ban
possession, and also very clearly speaks to intent.   What this
draconian language means with respect to a wide band radio receiver such
as a scanner that can tune in certain signals it is not legal to listen
to is not clear at the moment, as it turns on what "intended" means. Penalties for violation of this are 5 years in jail and $500,000 fine
per sale... (the law was basicly expanded from one forbidding the sale
of satellite TV piracy gear - and similar language has been the law
since 1988, but less clear).
Senate Commerce Committee and has not been marked up - apparently Sen
Hollings of SC has put a hold on it for further study.
"knowingly and with *intent to defraud* uses, produces, traffics in, has
control or custody of, or possess" a scanning receiver "to intercept an
electronic serial number, mobile identification number or other
identifier of any telecommunications service, equipment or instrument. This later bill clearly concerns ESN theft for purposes of cloning, but
it is broad enough so it conceivably might be applied to possession of
radio receivers capable of capturing any kind of identifying information
for any radio signal - but I think it is probably true that there would
have to be a specific demonstrable intent to defraud demonstrated before
a conviction under this language could happen.  This bill is tough,
however, and does provide for "forfeiture of any personal property used
or intended to be used to commit the offense".
software, knowing it has been configured to insert or modify
telecommunications identifying  information associated with or contained
in a telecommunications instrument so that such instrument may be used
to obtain telecommunications service without authorization".  No
requirement of intent to defraud need be demonstrated here, but there is
an affirmative defense "(which the defendant must establish by a
preponderance of the evidence) that the conduct charged was engaged in
for research or development in connection with a lawful purpose."
of software.   And they can take seize your computer, your car, and Lord
knows what else if they find the illegal software on your laptop hard drive.
They need not prove you had any intention of using it to clone cellphones,
just that you knew it was configured for illegal ESN alteration and you did
not have it for "research and development in connection with a lawful     [S493}  amends section 1029 of Title 18 of the United States Code, relating
    to fraud and related activity in connection with access devices. The
    bill amends subsection (a)(8) of section 1029 by deleting the `intent to
    defraud' requirement which exists under current law in order to prove a
    violation of that section. This section relates to persons who knowingly
    use, produce, traffic in, have custody or control of, or possess
    hardware or software which has been configured for altering or modifying
    a telecommunications instrument. As a result of the amendments made by
    the bill, in order to prove a violation of section 1029, law enforcement
    officials will no longer have to prove that a defendant possessing such
    hardware or software did so with the intent to defraud another person.     The amendment to the statute is being made because law enforcement
    officials occasionally have been thwarted in proving true violations of
    the statute by the `intent to defraud' requirement. But as the hardware
    and software in question can be used only for the purpose of altering or
    modifying telecommunications instruments, persons other than those
    working in the telecommunications industry have no legitimate reason to
    possess the equipment. Therefore, requiring the government to prove an
    `intent to defraud' in order to prove a violation of the section for
    possessing this equipment is not necessary. By eliminating this
    requirement from existing law this bill will make it easier to obtain
    convictions against criminals who possess this equipment before they
    actually use it for illegal purposes.     The statute, as amended, also does not prohibit persons from simply
    possessing equipment that only intercepts electronic serial numbers or
    wireless telephone numbers (defined as `scanning receivers' under
    section 1029, as amended by the bill). For example, companies which
    produce technology to sell to carriers or state and local governments
    that ascertains the location of wireless telephones as part of enhanced
    911 services do not violate section 1029 by their actions. Under new
    subsection (a)(8), however, it will continue to be illegal to use,
    produce, traffic in, have custody or control of, or possess a scanning
    receiver if such act was done with the intent to defraud another person.
    This also is current law, and it remains unchanged by the bill. entities.   Ask any of the dealers and manufacturers of cellphone
interception gear and high end scanners who buys this stuff (with cell
phone band enabled).   Lots of LEA types have this gear, some of which
is specialized enough so it could have no other purpose.
encrypted years ago), but fraud costs them big money.

@_date: 1998-05-11 13:55:42
@_author: die at die.com 
@_subject: [Fwd: 3Com switches - undocumented access level.] 
switch implemented at all - they cost some amount of money and room in
the box, and there were those who held that having a switch there could
invite nervous diddlers to reset the machine causing a crash.   So having
several was harder to sell.  We eventually settled on two, one which would
reset to defaults when pressed at the same time as the other which simply
rebooted.   The need to reset a box whose configuration was terminally screwed up to factory defaults was acutely felt by the support people, who had to pay a lot to swap out or service onsite a box that someone had
misconfigured so it wouldn't talk to its serial ports (which was
unfortunately possible).
would have been much happier with a switch that just magicly reset
passwords, since that would have allowed someone with a moments
unguarded physical access to the box in a wiring closet somewhere to get
in (perhaps hours later from a safe haven via the network) without
necessarily causing a  disruption that might be noticed and investigated
(and not everyone back then had reliable SNMP management and alarms
running).  The solution we chose forced someone with that kind of
transient physical accesss to completely take the machine off line for
minutes or hours while restoring the configuration which was much
likelier to be observed (and required the intruder know the old
configuration in the first place).  We felt this made our reset switches
less of a hazard from 30 second quicky attacks - attacks much easier
to pull off than having enough time connected to the box on a terminal
or laptop to restore the old configuration. that the person calling tech support was legit (callbacks, lists of
contact names and so forth) but there is probably little doubt that a
clever social engineer could perhaps have gotten a box password that
way - although there would certainly have been a trail left that could
have been followed.   For the paraniod we encouraged use of dial up
modems on the console port rather than network access.
fortunately not a very common occurance, and generally was noted and
investigated. While our hash wasn't wonderful, I don't think it would
have been easy to obtain enough password/router pairs by calling tech
support to break it that way.  Would have been much easier to obtain a box
and disassemble the code.   And that would have left no trail.

@_date: 1998-11-02 05:14:26
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops 
suppress the RF emissions of some commericial network gear I designed -
to make it pass FCC B and VDE certification - let me say this is a black
art and no fun.  There are sophisticated electromagnetics programs that
can sometimes succeed in modeling the radiation from a computer system,
but they are very expensive and inputting all the required information
is painful or downright impossible (data just not available or in a
usable format), so this nasty job usually gets done seat of the pants
style using rules of thumb and educated guesses and hard won experiance and lots of trial and error.  The job consists of attaching lossy
ferrite beads, copper tape and other RF and common mode current supressing
devices, shielding plastic packages with spray metallic coatings, adding
screws and other fasteners to bond stuff together better, changing
grounding around within the box to put RF currents in places they don't
get to the outside of the package, use of  ICs that switch more
softly, adding filters to connectors for external cables, changing
layout of PC boards to better shield hot traces, changing the shape of
the metal chassis to act as a better shield and ground plane  and so
forth.  And unless one has access to the best modeling programs, predicting
exactly what a given change will do is a really obscure art...
tool is a broadband spectrum analyzer or special EMC receiver with
quasipeak filters and special calibrated wideband dipole antennas that
have known gain and pattern characteristics.  Isolating of radiating
sites is often done with near field probes or sniffers attached to the
spectrum analyzer that allow hot spots to be tracked to within a few cm.
Often in order to get enough sensitivity one also needs special
preamps, and a RF quiet site where signals from the DUT aren't drowned
out by pagers and cellphones and emissions from nearby computers.   A
good bit of this work is done way out in the country under non-metallic
fiberglass buildings that don't create reflections that confuse the
measurements.   And conducted as opposed to radiated noise is measured
with special power line filters and cable filters...
certain emissions must be suppressed to lie below useful detectablity
thresholds at some reasonable distance.  And much of the classified trickery
resides in exactly what sorts of things have been shown to carry
useable information and at what field strength that information can be
extracted and under what conditions it is not usable.  And because of
the repetitious nature of many information bearing spurious emanations,
there is some signficant emphasis on corellation and averaging out noise

@_date: 1998-11-08 20:20:40
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Spy News 
are thus repeaterless in that sense rather than depending on the loss of
a single passive fiber being small enough to work all the way across
the pond.   But one supposes the technology of tapping the cables must
have been developed, though indeed a lot harder because one has to
actually dig into the cable (and deal with the high voltage for powering
the amplifiers and so forth) and tap the individual fibers with quantum
coupling type taps.   And one supposes the taps are more detectable.
The whole issue may be moot by virtue of the extent to which the carriers
are in bed with UKUSA anyway, however, as there aren't very many fiber
cables run by unfreindly parties unwilling to part with the bitstream...

@_date: 1998-11-09 06:12:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
radio waves.  And masers are a fairly obscure technology for amplifiying
weak microwave signals in cryogenicly cooled devices.  Both deal with
electomagnetic radiation and obey Maxwells laws ....
called a stirrer that sits directly in the beam of energy from the
magnetron and is designed to reflect microwave energy bouncing around
the cavity and change the standing wave pattern as it rotates, resulting
in much more even distribution of energy.   Without the stirrer hots
spots would be much worse...
the wavelength of the energy in question, thus the edges of the top will
act to scatter energy in all directions...
when changes in the current flowing happen.   Thus radiation occurs only
when the TTL signal changes state, not during either its high voltage or
low volage state.  The amplitude of the current step is determined by
the impedance of the circuit and how fast the logic switches and how
great the voltage or current swing is , and how effectively it gets
radiated is determined by the geometry of the conductor and its
sourounding ohjects.  EM radiation results only from changes in the
magnetic and electric fields, not from their steady state values.   Thus
it is entirely meaningless to talk of the change in steady state values
as only "3 db" when no radiation results from either the steady high or
steady low value.   And indeed near the conductor, the energy radiated
from the current step will be 100 db greater than the ambiant (decibels
are relative units, thus it is meaningless to talk of "radiating a rf
signal that is 100 db").

@_date: 1998-12-01 04:14:50
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
for something transient like the swap ?   Might just as well choose a
completely random key (from /dev/urandom perhaps) and make every effort
to erase and forget it on system shutdown or crash.  In fact an algorithm
that initialized a crypto engine and then forgot the key used would
be ideal, provided only that it remains possible to recover blocks of
swap out of order from the order they were written in (they are quite
likely to get swapped back in a very different order than they were
written out, so simple stream ciphers are hard to use).
of the OS, except of course for snooping and debugging crashes.
swap may get initialized before a lot of randomness gets collected on
startup.   One might have to start encrypting swap after it was enabled
(but probably before much actual swapping).

@_date: 1998-10-11 10:10:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: DESX 
adds to DES ?  How would one break it in a practical cracker machine ?

@_date: 1998-09-25 19:03:31
@_author: David Emery 
@_subject: arms collectors... 
Washington Times, 25 Sep 98
Operable missile seized in customs
By Bill Gertz THE WASHINGTON TIMES
U.S.  and British authorities are investigating how a Russian-design
Scud missile was imported illegally by a weapons collector in
California, The Washington Times has learned.
"This is a full-blown missile," said John Hensley, a senior agent of the
U.S.  Customs Service in Los Angeles.  "The only thing missing is the
A Scud B missile and its mobile transporter-erector launcher --minus the
warhead -- were seized Sept.  2 by customs agents in Port Hueneme,
Calif., about 35 miles north of Los Angeles, said officials familiar
with the case.
The missile system was licensed for importation by the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.  But paperwork in the case was falsified,
and the missile system was not "demilitarized" -- rendered inoperable --
as required by import rules, Mr.  Hensley told The Times.
British customs officials are investigating the seller, a small firm
outside London, and U.S.  investigators are questioning an arms
collector from Portola Valley, Calif., near Palo Alto, who bought the
system, Mr.  Hensley said.
The missile transfer has raised fears about the proliferation of weapons
of mass destruction and missile-delivery systems.  It also could be an
embarrassment for the Clinton administration, which is engaged in a
major international diplomatic effort to halt missile exports by Russia
and China to the Middle East.  The importation raises questions about
U.S.  national security controls.
Mr.  Hensley said U.S.  military experts examined the missile and
determined that it was produced in Czechoslovakia in 1985.  The missile
was identified as an SS-1C, which the Pentagon has designated as a Scud
Transfers of missiles like the Scud B, with a range of 186 miles, are
banned under the international export agreement known as the Missile
Technology Control Regime.
Customs officials said the missile was not identified until it was
driven off the British freighter that delivered it and an inspector
called customs agents to examine it.
Such weapons can be imported but must first be cut up with a blowtorch
so they can never be reassembled.
The officials identified the buyer only as a wealthy man who is a U.S.
citizen.  He is a legitimate arms collector -- apparently not linked to
terrorists or illicit arms dealers.  But the false paperwork has raised
questions about the deal and prompted the U.S. investigation.
that had been properly rendered inoperable.  But a photograph of that
missile was attached to the illegal system, seized Sept.  2, in an
effort to fool customs officials.
After examining the missile, customs agents called the ATF and were
surprised to learn that an ATF license had been issued for the missile
"We thought they were nuts," said one official close to the case.  The
missile system is being stored at the Navy's Pacific Missile Testing
Center in nearby Point Mugu, near Oxnard, where it has been impounded.
John D'Angelo, an ATF agent in Los Angeles, had no official comment on
the case.  "Routinely, the ATF and U.S.  Customs Service examine items
to determine their suitability for importation under federal
regulations," he said.  "We have not yet completed the inspection of
this importation and therefore can't discuss it."
The SS-1 Scud is a liquid-fueled missile that is among the most widely
deployed weapons in the world.  It is in service with more than 16
nations.  Iraq's military forces were able to extend the range of the
missile, which was fired extensively during the 1991 Persian Gulf war.
The chassis of the missile's launcher was identified as a MAZ-543 truck
used commonly by the former Soviet and Warsaw Pact forces for
short-range missiles.
"The guidance was totally intact and the engine was ready to go," Mr.
Hensley said.  "All you needed to do was strap on a garbage can full of
C-4 and you had a weapon." C-4 is military high explosive.
Concerning how the missile was handled by the British firm, Mr.  Hensley
said, "It is illegal to import this into the U.K., so the Brits are
wondering how this guy got this company to do this."
Investigators suspect the missile may have been bought in Europe on the
black market.
"Our concern is not so much that [the buyer] might have a licensing
problem," Mr.  Hensley said.  "It's just that in the aftermath of the
embassy bombings in Africa and the Oklahoma City bombing, that this
could be a real problem."
The Customs Service is intensifying its efforts to check for illegal
imports of such weapons, he said.
Stephen Bryen, a former Pentagon technology-transfer official, said
weapons like the Scud must be fully dismantled before they can be
allowed into the country.
"You have to worry anytime somebody brings a missile into the United
States, whatever cover it might be," Mr.  Bryen said. He noted that
terrorists or rogue states could use such collectors to acquire missiles

@_date: 2000-12-17 00:19:30
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list(usenet) 
References: <3A3BA5D5.FE849DE3 popular medium it mutated into in the mid 90's, I ran USENET as a part
time hobby for the various companies I worked for in that era.   And yes
I found out one could learn quite a bit more than one wanted to know
from the logs I routinely kept.   Was eye opening indeed to discover who
in the office read particular niche interest groups and who posted to
but I do know the available packages allow quite detailed logging.
I think one can obviously assume that any postings are completely logged,
and in such a manner as to make it trivial to retrieve all those
from one user (but this is possible anyway via Deja).  Logs of specific
articles or newsgroups read are readily possible, but unlikely to be
routinely kept unless someone is nosey and looking for dirt.   A request
for articles from an unusual newsgroup might trigger a detectable log
entry, since some USENET spools only spool groups that people using them

@_date: 2000-12-24 15:03:21
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: About Gilmore's letter on IBM&Intel push copy protection into ordinary disk drives 
References: <200012212116.NAA00368 <200012212116.NAA00368  <3.0.6.32.20001223190417.008478b0
service people that the standard thing to do when a motherboard failed
was to swap the ID prom from the old motherboard onto the new one, thus
avoiding the whole license conversion problem in the first place (but of
course also  doing wonders for the ability to track specific pieces of
hardware and document ECO levels and the like, since a significant number
of motherboards had swapped ID proms in which all the other information
in the prom didn't match the actual board).
authentication domain key to generate the actual encryption key for
the data is not readable or writable by the user this trick will not
work for restoring bad disks.   And if it did, it is not clear that the overall secure disk system could serve its purpose of protecting

@_date: 2000-10-23 01:10:58
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
References: <20001018224631.C18319  <20001022085359.B614
up the choir on this list, our society has chosen to pass laws that
require hospitals and to some degree other medical treatment  facilities
to treat patients who cannot pay - mostly at their expense.   ANYONE
with a life threatening or even just very serious medical condition can
walk into most any emergency room and get full medical treatment by law
even if there is no insurance and no money to pay.  For the most part
this treatment is funded by hospitals by hidden (and sometimes partly
overt) charges built into their fee structure - in effect we already are
paying a tax in our present private insurance systems and
Medicare/Medicaid (and especially for private cash paying patients who
pay full rate and don't get the deep discounts that Medicare and HMOs
negotiate from providers)  that provides this last gasp safety net
coverage to the indigent.  completely indigent who had a genetic condition that made them high risk
might still be unable to get any kind of catastropic medical insurance
and might be wiped out of virtually all assets by a serious illness,
even one  completely unrelated in any way to his genetic predisposition.

@_date: 2000-10-23 03:25:50
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
References: <20001018224631.C18319  <20001022085359.B614 <20001023011058.A23226 healthcare (though in fact substantially better than almost anyone got
perhaps 50 years ago or most get in the third world today).   With
certain minor circumstantial exceptions people need not die without
benefit of significant health care resources in this society.  True they
are unlikely to have received much proactive care (often a major problem
for the system since treating them after the fact is greatly more
expensive), and true that many poor and especially working poor
uninsured people deny themselves treatment that might save their lives
until its too late because they don't want to or even understand the
need of allocating their very scarce resources to  seeking medical
treatment until they are very sick.   But there is a minimal safety net
in place, and while many do die from receiving inadaquate and too late
treatment not very many are pushed out the door to die in the streets.
if indeed society as a whole 'should' do anything - I assert that no
economic or political system is ever going to supply ideal "_good_"
healthcare to those at the margins, so all of this is a question of how
much freedom we are willing to give up and how great a burden we are
willing to assume to push closer to adaquate health care for everybody.
lot less health care of last resort to those too lazy, too stupid, too
weak, too crippled by circumstance to take prudent steps to provide it
for themselves.   Some would even argue that this is appropriate.
practice.   I have heard it is more common elsewhere.
want to believe that if you didn't it had been a voluntary act of charity
rather than something forced on you as a social obligation.
views about the social compact and fairness - is it just bad luck and
tough sushi for the poor unfortunate or should we as a society offer
at least some safe harbor for those who drew the short straws ?  And
if we do offer such, how much of our collective wealth should we spend
on it - .005%, 0.5% 1 %, 5%, 35% ?    And how should we decide this ?
And what happens in a world in which the mechanisms by which we express
such sentiments erode as states wither...

@_date: 2001-12-31 23:13:36
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Backflow' water-line attack feared 
'Backflow' water-line attack feared             Terrorists could reverse flow in system to introduce toxins             By Yochi J. Dreazen
            THE WALL STREET JOURNAL             Dec. 27 - In St. Petersburg, Fla., water authorities are
keeping a closer eye on system-wide water pressure. In Cleveland,
officials are weighing whether to add more chlorine to their water so
larger amounts of the chemical will linger in their pipes. In Portland,
Ore., alarms are now triggered by smaller drops in water pressure than
in the past.              ACROSS THE COUNTRY, water utility officials are taking
steps to prevent terrorists from reversing the flow of water into a home
or business - which can be accomplished with a vacuum cleaner or bicycle
pump - and using the resulting "backflow" to push poisons into a local
water-distribution system. Such an attack would use utility pipes for
the opposite of their intended purpose: Instead of carrying water out of
a tap, the pipes would spread toxins to nearby homes or businesses.
             Water utility officials say the backflow threat dominates
their post-Sept. 11 discussions with law-enforcement personnel. Although
utilities have posted extra guards to patrol reservoirs and treatment
plants, officials say the biggest threat to the nation's water supply
may be from the pipes that carry the water, not facilities that store or
purify it.                "There's no question that the distribution system is the
most vulnerable spot we have," says John Sullivan, chief engineer for
the Boston Water & Sewer Commission and president of the Association of
Metropolitan Water Agencies. "Our reservoirs are really well protected.
Our water-treatment plants can be surrounded by cops and guards. But if
there's an intentional attempt to create a backflow, there's no way to
totally prevent it."
             Most reservoirs hold between three million and 30 million
gallons of water, which would dilute any poison so significantly that
terrorists would have to release enormous quantities to do serious
damage. And most poison would be destroyed when the water was purified
at a treatment plant. A backflow attack, by contrast, could spread
highly concentrated amounts of poison to a few thousand homes or
businesses, making the toxin far more effective.                So far, the only backflow incidents on record have been
accidental. Four years ago, dozens of gallons of fire-fighting foam
backed up through the hoses of firefighters in Charlotte, N.C., and made
its way into the city's water system, prompting officials to order
thousands of residents not to shower or drink tap water for several
days. In 1998, workers at a United Technologies Corp. Sikorsky
helicopter plant in Bridgeport, Conn., added chemicals to the facility's
fire prevention system to guard against corrosion. Some of the chemicals
backed into the town's water system, deluging area homes with
contaminated water that residents were told not to drink or use for
washing or bathing.              There were no serious injuries in either case, but the
incidents rattled many water officials. Even before the Sept. 11
attacks, fears of an accidental backflow incident led to the creation of
a group called the American Backflow Prevention Association
( which works with lawmakers, water officials and
engineers across the country. The group publishes a newsletter and an
educational comic book for children that features a character named
Buster Backflow.                     Down the pipes?                    The federal government devotes little money to
protecting the nation's water supply system, which many law enforcement
officials see as a potential terrorist target.                      Amount of money spent by the Environmental Protection
Agency to combat bioterrorism in fiscal year ended Sept. 30, 2001: $2.5
million (the agency spent $10,000 on the issue in 1998, no money on it
in 1999, and $100,000 in 2000).                        Amount that municipal and private water-system
officials wanted to see the agency spend on the issue in the current
fiscal year: $155 million.                        Amount the EPA will spend in the current fiscal
year, according to recently passed emergency spending legislation: $90.3
million.                        Total amount of money that water-system officials
want Congress to devote to improving drinking-water and wastewater
plants: $5 billion.                        Total number of municipal water systems across
the country: 54,064.                        Total number of Americans served by the systems:
263.9 million.                        Amount water systems would receive for immediate
security projects, according to a just passed Senate bill: $50 million.            Sources: EPA, American Water Works Association, WSJ research              Still, experts have long feared that a terrorist would try
an intentional attack. As Gay Porter DeNileon - a journalist who serves
on the National Critical Infrastructure Protection Advisory Group, a
water-industry organization - put it in the May issue of the journal of
the American Water Works Association, "One sociopath who understands
hydraulics and has access to a drum of toxic chemicals could inflict
serious damage pretty quickly."                Utility officials say that it is difficult to fully prevent
a backflow incident, but they are hopeful that they can limit the damage
through early detection. The beginning of a backflow attack probably
would be marked by a sudden drop in water pressure in a targeted
neighborhood as terrorists stopped the flow of water into a home or
business. The pressure would then climb as attackers reversed the flow
of water and began using it to carry poison.
             Utilities regularly monitor system-wide water pressure,
because a sharp and unanticipated decrease - at times other than, say,
halftime of the Super Bowl, when tens of millions of American toilets
flush - can indicate that a pipe has burst. Most utilities monitor
pressure at water-treatment plants and inside the underground pipes that
carry the water to nearby homes and businesses; some use advanced
telemetric sensors inside pipes.
             In recent weeks, many utilities say they have increased the
frequency of their checks. "A small drop-off would attract attention it
wouldn't have even a short time ago," says Michelle Clements, a
spokeswoman for Oregon's Portland Water District, which serves 190,000
             But officials concede that it might be difficult for them
to actually spot the minor drop in pressure that could be the start of a
backflow attack. Jeffrey Danneels, who specializes in infrastructure
security at Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico, says that water
officials might have a hard time detecting a backflow attack originating
in a single home or apartment building. "The smaller the pipe, the
harder it would be to notice," he says.                Another way to protect the public is to increase the
amounts of chlorine or other chemicals added to water so that more of
the chemical will remain in the pipes, providing residual protection
against some toxins, according to Tom Curtis, deputy director of the
American Water Works Association, which represents 4,300 public and
private water utilities.
             At the Cleveland Division of Water, officials are
considering adding more chlorine in areas where residual levels are low,
says Julius Ciaccia Jr., Cleveland's water commissioner. Even before the
Sept. 11 attacks, some utilities had begun replacing the chlorine with
chloramine, a related substance made from the combination of chlorine
and ammonia that is believed to linger in pipes longer. Increasing the
chemicals has drawbacks, however. "You can only go so far before people
begin to complain about the taste," says Curtis.                The only sure way of preventing a backflow attack, water
officials says, is installing valves to prevent water from flowing back
into the pipes. Many homes have such valves on toilets and boilers. But
virtually none have them on sinks, in part because water officials long
assumed that the biggest threat they faced was natural, such as an
earthquake, flood or hurricane carrying debris into a reservoir or pipe.
Water officials say retrofitting existing structures with the valves
would be prohibitively expensive.
             "We're used to natural incidents. We're ready for them,"
says Sullivan of the Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies. "But
we've never really looked at what could happen if someone really wanted
to come and get us. And that's a hard adjustment to make."
             Copyright ) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
      All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 2001-07-23 21:43:48
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Customer service at Anonymizer/Cyberpass/Infonex 
drevil on Mon, Jul 23, 2001 at 08:26:39PM -0000
References: <20010723202639.23915.qmail
feed from sirius.infonex.net - twice in the last 3 weeks or so it
has suddenly and without warning started sending me empty email messages
(zero length body) with essentially null headers (none of the normal
email envelope headers and no indication of where the message came
from other than owner_cypherpunks at cyberpass.net).   And all flow of
actual cypherpunks list messages stopped when these anomalous messages
started.   I presume that each null message I got was really meant
to be a cypherpunks list mailing that somehow got trashed - superficially
this looks like an out of space condition in one of the spool queues.
most recent case for about 3.  And then things suddently started working
be desired - perhaps they are barely afloat financially and can't
pay someone to watch things like space on their server queue file
systems and backups.

@_date: 2001-06-25 01:47:32
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: The Art of Submarine Warfare 
References: <200106222208.SAA22807 <5.1.0.14.2.20010622165744.030306f0 <5.1.0.14.0.20010622234500.041bf168
FLIR, based on sensing thermal IR from warm objects and not an old
fashioned WW II/Korea era near IR sniperscope based on IR illumination
by an IR floodlight.   I suppose this may have changed with actual
product introduction, but I think the images in their ads were clearly
FLIR thermal IR images.
temperatures is long wave IR as black bodies at 20 C don't radiate a
hell of a lot at say 900 nm.).   An illuminator that would activate the
video AGC or light sensors on camcorders would obviously have to be near
IR as the optics and sensors used don't pass or detect much long wave IR
at all.
 The IR cut-off filters of most cameras are too broad detect and image the bright spot from the IR tail lights or whatever, and
that would be a very good (and preserved on tape) indication of a
deliberate intent which could easily result in nastier and more
aggressive prosecution than might result from anything else during
the stop.

@_date: 2001-11-08 00:31:30
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
References: <3BEA0D8F.FA8D7BD9 miles.   Given a clear path (clear line of sight) and relatively modest
sized directional antennas (not huge suspicious looking dishes) which
can be concealed under rf transparent radomes (hidden in an attic for
example with appropriate (fiberglass) roofing or siding, or behind a
glass picture window with curtains drawn) getting 10 to 20 mile ranges
is pretty easy with gain antennas on either end... not rocket science
either... and quite hard to spot visually (though of course a spectrum
analyzer with good preamps and antennas will find and locate any hidden
802.11 link in no time flat - one cannot radiate rf from a fixed
location and not be easily found using common TSCM tools).

@_date: 2001-11-18 02:28:43
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
schear on Sat, Nov 17, 2001 at 10:47:21PM -0800
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011117223815.04f8d5f8
at all), but of course there was a very recent disclosure of a hole
in the protocol for accessing the IBM tamperproof crypto processor
used for generating and storing ATM keys that could be exploited if one
could get access to a machine with one in it.   Potentially this flaw
allows readout of the entire set of keys protected by the processor.
problem has been known in at least some form for a year or so.

@_date: 2001-11-18 02:42:11
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
Nov 18, 2001 at 02:28:43AM -0500
References: <5.1.0.14.0.20011117223815.04f8d5f8
  <20011118022843.A8236

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:58:07
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Next act of the drama ? 
Folks, the MSP has placed the following BE ON THE LOOK OUT BULLETIN (BOLO)
for a theft that occurred in New Jersey yesterday of a 45 foot
trailer/truck combo with hazardous chemicals inside:
Truck:  Freightliner, 2000,  license plate:  NJ  171469, Penske Leasing on
side of cab doors
Trailer:  45 foot, 1988, has name "Crew Rockland" on trailer and a trailer
number of 22A.  License plate NJ  T392VD
BTW warning was placed not to open up the trailer if found.
This is not meant to cause hysteria among us BUT again in our travels we
just might see that trailer somewhere!!!

@_date: 2001-09-07 22:43:06
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Frenchalon.... 
Paris Weekly Details French Electronic 'Espionnage' Abilities
EUP20010406000153 Paris Le Nouvel Observateur (Internet Version-WWW)
in French 05 Apr 01
[Article by Vincent Jauvert: "Espionage -- How France Listens to the
Whole World"]
[FBIS Translated Text]
  It is one of the largest tapping centers in the world.  At this
secret base protected by watchtowers, police dogs and electrified
barbed wire, 13 immense parabolic antennas spy day and night on all
the international communications transiting through the satellites
they monitor.
     Where is this base whose photo Le Nouvel Observateur has
published here? In the United States? In Russia? No, in the Perigord
region, on the Domme plateau, next to Sarlat airport.  The site is
officially (and modestly) referred to as the "radio center." Here,
the French spy service, the DGSE [General Directorate for External
Security], monitors hundreds of thousands -- millions? -- of
telephone calls, e-mails, files, and faxes on a daily basis.  This
is the main site for the French Republic's "big ears."
     It is not the only one.  Like the United States and the English-
speaking countries with close ties to it, France has over the
past ten years set up a global interception network.  Le Nouvel
Observateur can confirm the existence -- and publish photos -- of
three other DGSE "satellite" tapping bases.  One -- code-
named "Fregate" -- is hidden in the Guyanese forest, at the heart of
the Kourou space center.
The other, completed in 1998, is attached to the side of the Dziani
Dzaha crater on the French island of Mayotte in the Indian Ocean.
Both are managed jointly with the BND (Bundesnachrichtendienst), the
German secret service.  The third center is located in the western
suburbs of Paris, on the Orgeval plateau, at Alluets-le-Roi.  A
total of about 30 antennas "cover" nearly the entire globe, with the
exception of the Siberian North and a part of the Pacific.
     There will soon be other stations.  Expanding its "satellite"
tapping network is one of the DGSE's "priorities," the rapporteur for
the 2001 defense budget, Jean-Michel Boucheron, writes.  The French
secret service has more resources available every year for this
A new station is being built on the Albion plateau, where nuclear
missiles were stored before the silos were dismantled; a fifth is
planned for the Tontouta naval air base in New Caledonia.
     Of course, this network is -- and will remain -- much less
powerful and efficient than the US system on which it is modeled,
one which has often been discussed in recent months and is commonly
referred to as "Echelon." The American NSA [National Security
Agency] is 30 times richer than its French counterpart, the
technical directorate of the DGSE.  The former employs 38,000
people, the latter 1,600.  The smaller Frenchelon," as the Americans
and their partners call it, is no less of a threat to privacy.
Including that of the French.  Here is why: When they are
transmitted by one of the satellites monitored by the Domme, Kourou,
or Mayotte bases, our communications with other countries or the
DOM-TOM [French Overseas Dominions and Territories] may be
intercepted, copied, and disseminated by the DGSE, without any
monitoring commission having any say in the matter.  None! A
situation that is unique in the West.
     Every democratic country that has equipped itself with satellite
tapping services has set up safeguards -- laws and monitoring
bodies -- to protect its citizens from the curiosity of the "big
ears." Every one, led by Germany and the United States.  But not
     Nonetheless, our country has been spying on communications
satellites for 30 years.  The SDECE [Foreign Intelligence and
Counterintelligence Service] set up its first parabolic antenna at
Domme, at the site of a small radio interception center, in 1974.
The antenna measured 25 centimeters in diameter and still exists.
Another followed soon afterwards.  "At the beginning, there were
only a few satellites, the Intelsats," explains a veteran of the
technical directorate.  "We were able to 'suck up' a large portion of
international traffic." However, in 1980, as the explosion in global
telephony began, more and more satellites were put into orbit:
Eutelsat, Molniya, Inmarsat, Panamsat, Arabsat.  "We were quickly
overwhelmed," recounts a former senior official.  "The Domme center
found itself under-equipped, ridiculous -- and we at the DGSE were a
laughingstock for our American and British colleagues."
     In 1984, the head of the secret service, Admiral Lacoste, pressed
Francois Mitterrand: "We need another interception station." France,
he claimed, had an ideal site for this type of operation: the Kourou
space center.  Ideal? It was located very near the Equator, that is,
in the best possible spot for listening in on communications
satellites, nearly all of which are geostationary.  The base would
be located a few kilometers from the Ariane launching pad, meaning
that its antennas would not attract attention.  And moreover,
economic espionage was the French secret service's new priority, and
the United States its main target.  And the satellites "covering"
the United States were in orbit precisely above Guyana.
     To share the costs and reinforce the Franco-German alliance,
Lacoste proposed bringing the BND into the adventure.  The joint
effort would be all the easier, the admiral explained, because the
two services were already working together closely in interception
stations in West Berlin and elsewhere in the FRG.  The president
gave the go-ahead in late 1984. The Rainbow Warrior [Greenpeace ship
sunk by the DGSE in New Zealand] scandal, which arose a few months
later, delayed the operation.  The "Fregate" base would be
inaugurated secretly in 1990 by Claude Silberzahn, the new director
of the DGSE, and his German counterpart.
     Silberzahn wanted to go even farther.  In his view, to reclaim
its place among the major players, the DGSE needed new stations.
The Gulf War gave him new arguments.  American spies' technical
exploits in Iraq were breathtaking.  Francois Mitterrand and Prime
Minister Michel Rocard were convinced.  Silberzahn was authorized to
launch a wide-ranging ten-year investment plan.  He modernized the
Domme center, bought a Cray supercomputer, and had the first
parabolic antennas installed at Alluets-le-Roi, at a base previously
reserved for the interception of radio waves.  Finally, with the
BND, he launched the site on Mayotte. This French territory in the
Comoros archipelago is also close to the Equator.  The tapping
center would be located on Petite-Terre, a miniscule island where
the Foreign Legion already had a base.  From Mayotte, the DGSE's
technical directorate could better "cover" Africa, the Middle East,
and Asia, the up-and-coming continent.  Completing the project would
take five years.  Sordid stories of cheated-on husbands are said to
have slowed down the work.
     Today, the Republic's "big ears" have, as we have already said,
30 antennas on three continents.  These mobile antennas can change
direction several times a day, depending on the schedule or
objectives of the service.  All countries are subject to tapping,
even allies. Member countries of the European Union too? "Of
course," says the official.  "Thanks to these satellites, we can spy
on everyone where they live.  No crazy plots, no risk of diplomatic
incidents.  This is why we invested so much."
     Which satellites are priority targets? "The ones that can
provide us with the most political and economic information," says
an expert.  The Inmarsats, for example.  Thanks to these satellites,
anyone can telephone or send an e-mail or fax to (almost) anywhere
on earth.  All it takes is a little suitcase weighing two kilos.  At
its beginnings in 1982, subscribers to this service were mainly
professional sailors and oil companies.  Then the customer base
expanded to include wealthy yachtsmen.  "What a windfall for
economic espionage! You cannot imagine the things these businessmen
say 'in clear' over their boat telephones," a specialist
explains.  "They think they are safe in the middle of the
ocean.  They talk about contracts, projects, discoveries." And that
is not all.  The Inmarsat company has signed contracts with most
major airlines and 650 business aircraft.  When a passenger makes a
telephone call in flight, it transits via one of these
satellites ...  to the satisfaction of the "big ears." Inmarsat is
also used on the ground, most often in the earth's "hot spots,"
where telephone equipment is poor.  The company has a total of
200,000 subscribers: journalists, diplomats, international civil
servants, NGO officials, etc.  "No very powerful computer is
necessary to spy on this choice clientele," says an expert.  "A
maximum of 2,000 messages pass through an Inmarsat satellite
simultaneously.  This is ten to 50 times fewer than for the others."
     The others are the giants of global telephony: Intelsat,
Eutelsat, PanAmSat.  Several billion messages from every continent
transit via these satellites every day.  "It is impossible to ignore
them," says an expert, "but difficult to process them as a whole.
We have to choose the segments of the beam that interest us." And in
particular, to identify the channels leased by the military,
diplomats, or companies. Some companies use a new, inexpensive
service known as VSAT: This network enables them to keep all their
establishments throughout the world connected on a permanent basis.
In Domme and Kourou, the DGSE "sucks up" traffic from Intelsat 801,
which provides thousands of VSAT links between America and Europe.
     The big satellites also transmit the Internet.  They have become
highways -- backbones -- for the Web.  Says one specialist, "10
percent of the traffic passes through them.  This is not much, but
we can intercept this 10 percent: The rest, which transits via optic
fiber cables, is something else." Staff at the Mayotte center are
impatiently awaiting the new Intelsat 902, which within a few months
will be furnishing "backbones" in Africa, in Asia, and part of
Russia.  It will be positioned at 62 degrees east, just above the
French island in the Indian Ocean.
     Other types of satellites targeted: Regional satellites, which
"cover" only a portion of the planet.  Like the Arabsats for the
Middle East and North Africa.  "Ah, the Arabsats!" sighs a former
listener." "The information they provided us in the 1980s! On Qadafi
during the Chad conflict or on Israel during the invasion of South
     Finally, there are the national satellites.  Some countries are
too poor and too large to set up a network of telephone cables
throughout their territory.  For internal communications, they use
satellites: the Raduga in Russia, the Mabuhay in the Philippines, or
the Dong Fang Hong in China.
     But the increase in the number of satellite operators -- there
are more than 100 today! -- poses a problem for the DGSE.  "Each one
codes its beam and does not make the code for deciphering it
public," says a former official.  Obtaining the key requires all the
secret service's resources.  "Several methods exist, not all of
them 'clean'," the expert continues.  "You can negotiate with the
operator.  You say: 'France will give you part of its international
traffic; in exchange, you give us this confidential protocol'."
Another technique: "Bribe a company executive or promise him a
medal." Yet another: "If you learn that a foreign secret service has
this software, trade it for something else."
You can also discreetly enter the operator's facility and steal the
precious diskette.  "The DGSE has a division that is very good at
this type of burglary," says the expert.  There remains the homemade
solution: Discover the code yourself.  "But that can take a long
time. In the meantime, you miss a lot of things."
     For several months, one satellite has been a particular thorn in
the side of French secret service engineers.  It is Thuraya,
launched last October by an Abu Dhabi company that offered its
subscribers total coverage of mobile telephony in the Arab world.
Its service will be operational in April.  Its customers: senior
Syrian officials, Libyan businessmen, Egyptian military officers.
So many targets for the DGSE. "There is a catch," says the
expert.  "The Emirates are financing the operation, but Hughes, the
American aerospace giant, is managing the system.  And as concerns
codes for the beam, Hughes knows a whole range of them.  We have not
yet found a solution."
     With greater or lesser difficulty, dozens of beams are thus
sucked up every day by the DGSE's parabolic antennas.  What happens
afterwards? In cellars at the bases of these antennas, technicians
and operators with "defense secrecy" clearance work in air-
conditioned computer rooms. Grouped into day and night teams, some
200 work at Domme and Alluets-le-Roi, 40 or so at Mayotte and
     The technicians scurry around in front of electronic control
panels. They control the powerful equipment (amplifiers,
demodulators, analyzers, decoders) that transforms satellite beams
into faxes, e-mail, files, or voice messages.  Their primary
concern: deciphering encrypted communications, which is becoming
more and more difficult.
     The operators, meanwhile, are seated in front of computer
consoles. They check the automatic sorting of traffic.  Only a few
thousand intercepted messages reach secret service HQ on Boulevard
Mortier in Paris each day.  They are sent by optical fibers or
protected radio links.  The rest, the great majority, are thrown
into an electronic trashcan.  Selection is conducted on the basis of
a dictionary of addresses and key words.
     "Addresses?" These are telephone numbers and e-mail addresses
that the DGSE monitors constantly.  Those of embassies, ministries,
international organizations, NGOs, multinational companies -- the
computer of the "big ears" holds several thousand from all over the
world.  When one of these addresses appears in the beam of a
satellite being spied on, the communication is automatically
recorded and sent to Paris.  This type of surveillance has a name in
tapping jargon: "routine."
     Key words? Another method of filtering flows of data.  "A key
word can be a proper name, a nickname, a chemical formula, a slang
term, or an acronym," an expert explains.  "We enter them into a
file and wait." When one of these words appears, the computer goes
into reverse and records the communication from the beginning.  At
the DGSE, this practice is known as "standby" or "trawling."
     "For e-mails, this computer sorting is very efficient," says
another specialist.  He adds: "Given the computers' capacities, we
can in this way filter several million electronic messages a
minute.  A good search engine is all it takes.  We need simply adapt
it to our needs." It seems highly like that the DGSE uses the search
tool developed by Lexiquest, a French company.
     When it comes to faxes, the sorting process is less efficient.
Experts estimate the success rate at no more than 60 percent.  Why so
many failures? Because the computer does not "read" the fax
directly. It must first be converted into bits by a character
recognition program. If this phase is disrupted by transfer problems
or illegible handwriting, the retranscribed fax will not make
sense.  It is lost to the "big ears." Despite these difficulties,
the DGSE has always been one of the best spy services as concerns
automatic processing of faxes -- hence its success in economic
     The situation is entirely different as regards speech.  The DGSE
has not developed techniques as effective as those of the NSA or
Israel's Mossad.  One expert confides, "Contrary to popular belief,
it is very difficult to teach a computer to catch key words spoken
during a telephone conversation 'on the fly'." Explanation: "Some
people speak quickly, others slowly, some stammer, others have an
accent.  Result: The failure rate is very high." The French service
is studying another sorting method that the Americans and Israelis
have already developed: automatic transcription.  The computer
transcribes the entire telephone conversation, then a search engine
finds the key words in the file that has thus been
constituted.  "Strange as it may seem, it is simpler to proceed like
this." The Defense Ministry has just asked the best French speech
processing laboratory, the Limsi in Orsay, to develop software
for this purpose.
     After sorting comes listening.  At the DGSE, several hundred
people -- 300, 500? -- spend their days wearing
headphones.  "Keeping in mind that a good professional can process
50 to 100 conversations a day, you do the math!" says a veteran.
The total is more than 15,000 a day or at least 5 million a year.
     Is the game worth the candle? This mass of information -- these
millions of intercepted conversations, e-mails, or faxes -- is it
really useful? The unanimous opinion is that "pearls," bits of secret
information worthy of being transmitted to levels as high as that of
the president of the Republic, are very rare.  "A few dozen in the
space of 20 years," says the former senior official.  "And even
then..." There were the cases, already cited, of Qadafi and Israel
in the 1980s. Later, instructions for voting in the UN Security
Council were intercepted.  Recently, recordings of senior Serbian
dignitaries have been transmitted to the Elysee [president's
     In fact, the real "gems" have other clients: several large French
industrial groups.  For two decades, the DGSE has been working in
symbiosis with some 15 private or public firms.  Between spies and
bosses, it is a matter of give and take.  The former provide economic
and technological intelligence (the DGSE's specialized research
service employs about 50 people).  The latter furnish cover stories
for agents on missions abroad.
     Former DGSE staffers who have been recruited by the firms
involved serve as liaisons.  At their former employer's HQ on
Boulevard Mortier, they regularly take delivery of copies of faxes,
e-mails, or draft contracts intercepted by tapping stations.  The
yield is sometimes excellent.  "We often receive thanks from
bosses," says the senior official.  In 1998, the "big ears" enabled
the French industrialists concerned to follow developments in a set
of crucial negotiations on the merger -- which fell through in the
end -- of German aerospace manufacturer Dasa and its British
counterpart, British Aerospace.
     But there are not just "pearls," far from it.  There is the rest
of the work, the everyday routine, these thousands of reports of
interceptions, "raw" reports as they are referred to at the DGSE,
which pile up in the analysis department and are not always
read.  "For one good piece of information, there is so much useless
bla-bla," says a secret service manager.  "I wonder if all this is
worth it." Many would prefer to see the DGSE invest in human
intelligence services rather than technical systems.  "With the
fortunes we spend every year, we could set up so many agents
abroad.  After all, that is our real job."
     Threat to privacy? Without a doubt.  Some of the millions of
communications tapped could be yours.  The risk is even higher if you
call a region with few cable connections, like Africa, Russia, or the
DOM-TOMs.  Nothing prohibits the DGSE from intercepting your
conversations or e-mails if they are transmitted by satellite.
Worse, this type of espionage is implicitly authorized by a 1991 law
establishing the Commission on Monitoring of Wiretaps.  Article 20 of
this law indeed stipulates that it is not within the powers of this
new commission to monitor "measures taken by the public authorities
to (...) monitor (...) transmissions via hertzian channels [Le
Nouvel Observateur editor's note: That is, via the airwaves]." In
other words, the body may monitor everything except "satellite"
     "This exception was demanded by the highest state authorities,"
confides a former advisor to then Defense Minister Pierre
Joxe.  "Why? You may remember that at that time, the DGSE was
launching a wide-ranging plan to modernize its 'big ears.'
Compromising it was out of the question." A former Elysee
staffer: "We wanted to give the secret service a free hand, not
enclose it in a quota of authorized taps."
     The members of parliament could not make head nor tail of it.
They should have been more curious.  They would have learned that
many democratic countries had already rigorously regulated the
activities of their "big ears." In Germany, eight independent
experts appointed by the parliament have monitored the BND's
wiretapping activities since 1968; they constitute the "G10"
commission.  They have considerable power. They can interrogate all
employees of the BND and view the entire tap production
process.  "The objective: to protect Germans' privacy," according to
Professor Claus Arndt, who served on this commission from 1968 to
1999.  When, during random sorting, the name of a German citizen
or company appears, the BND must erase it, barring the express
consent of the commission.  "By the same token," says Professor
Arndt, "the secret service must submit the entire list of key words
it intends to use.  It is not allowed to include the name of a
German." By next June, a law should allow super-inspectors to visit
any of the German secret service's sites, including the Kourou
station.  If France refuses to allow this, the president of the
commission could call for the BND's withdrawal from the Guyanese
  In Australia, the "big ears" are under the surveillance of an
inspector general designated by the government.  He has the power to
verify that the DSD, the espionage service, applies highly
restrictive laws.  For example, any information about an Australian
collected by tapping stations must be destroyed.  A destruction
report must even be submitted to the inspector general.  In Canada,
a commissioner designated by the parliament is responsible for this
task of monitoring.  Each year, he drafts a public report.  In the
United States, the NSA's activities are monitored by an inspector
general and the US attorney general.
     When will France follow suit? In recent months, members of
Parliament have taken an interest in "big ears" ...  belonging to the
Americans.  The Defense Commission recently issued a spiteful report
about "Echelon" and the NSA (footnote: On the subject of Echelon, see
"Global Electronic Surveillance," by Duncan Campbell, Allia
Publishing). It is time for it also to study the practices of the
DGSE and propose ways of monitoring them.  This is an opportune
time.  A revolution in "tapping" is on the way.  The secret service
is planning to invest massively in interception of undersea cables.
Before plunging into this adventure, could it not be subjected to a
few democratic rules?
[Description of Source: Paris Le Nouvel Observateur (Internet
Version-WWW) in French -- left-of-center weekly magazine featuring
domestic and international political news]

@_date: 2002-07-16 15:15:31
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless scanning 
(7/15/02) by an overwhelming margin of 385-3.
computer hacking that causes death or serious injury to life in prison
and allows government monitoring of communications and email without
warrants in even more circumstances is the following seeming obscure
reads as foilows....  the CESA will strike part  (b) of this language.
intercepting an unscrambled and unencrypted radio communication that is
not supposed to be listened to (eg AMPS cellular calls, commercial
pagers, cordless phones, common carrier communications) for hobby
purposes (eg not a tortuous or illegal purpose or for direct or indirect
commercial advantage or private commercial gain) from a misdemeanor (one
year or less prison time) to a federal FELONY (5 years prison time).
listening to a cell call, cordless call, a pager, or a public land
mobile radio service communication (eg a telephone interconnect) from a
minor offense for which one can be fined a maximum of $500 to a federal
FELONY for which one can be imprisoned for up to 5 years.
negotiations over the ECPA back in 1985-86 which ensured that first
offenses for hobby radio listening were only treated as minor crimes -
after this law is passed simply intentionally tuning a common scanner to
the (non-blocked) cordless phone frequencies could be prosecuted as a
felony for which one could serve 5 years in jail.
conviction (even without any jail time) deprives one of the right to
vote, to own firearms, to be employed in a number of high level jobs and
professions, to hold certain professional licenses and permits, and
important for certain readers of these lists  absolutely eliminates for
life the possibility of holding any kind of security clearance whatever
(a recent change in the rules) - something required for many if not most
interesting government and government related jobs.
frequencies in your scanner could conceivably result in life long loss
of important rights and privileges.
irrelevant since it merely changes the penalties for an already illegal
act (which you are not supposed to be engaged in) and doesn't make
anything new illegal.   But this is a rather naive view.   hobbyist for radio communications interception under the old version of
the ECPA if the worst penalty that could be levied was a $500 fine -
there simply is not the budget or the staff to prosecute people for what
would be a very minor offense (equivalent of a speeding ticket).   And
even prosecuting hobbyists for more serious interception (eg not
cellular, cordless or pagers) was still a misdemeanor offense prosecution
with jail time unlikely.
had a commercial purpose or otherwise engaged in egregious and public
(eg the Newt call) conduct - no  ever got prosecuted.  And this
was doubtless the intent of Congress back in 1985-86 - it would be
illegal to monitor certain radio traffic but only a minor offense if you
did so for hobby type personal curiosity or just to hack with the
equipment or technology - and a serious felony if one engaged in such
conduct for the purpose of committing a crime or gaining financial or
commercial advantage (eg true spying or electronic eavesdropping).
it will be quite possible for a federal prosecution of a hobbyist for
illegal radio listening to be justified as a serious felony offense
worth the time and effort and money to try and put in jail even if the
offense is not for a commercial purpose or part of an illegal scheme.
Thus "radio hacker" prosecutions have now become possible, and even
perhaps probable.
advancement and attention from senior management in their agencies in
direct proportion to the seriousness of the offense they are
investigating and prosecuting - nobody ever advances to senior agent for
going after jaywalkers, thus by raising the level of less than legal
hobby radio monitoring offenses from a jaywalking class offense to a
serious felony for which there can be real jail time it becomes much
more interesting from a career perspective to prosecute radio listening
 a barrel type things given that many individuals are quite open on
Internet newsgroups and mailing lists about their activities.
of making the rather ambiguous and unclear meaning of "readily
accessible to the general public" in 18 USC 2510 and 2511 much more
significant, since intercepting something that isn't readily accessible
to the general public is now clearly a serious crime even if done for
hobby purposes as a first offense.   Thus one has to be much more
careful about making sure that the signal is a legal one... significant to radio listeners on Internet scanner lists ....
revised a bit lately, and that this new section 4 (see above) now makes
it a federal felony with 5 years in jail penalties to violate section 1
INCLUDING the following provisions of section 1:
hobby list posting any hint of the contents of a radio communications
that might or might not have been legally intercepted from a potentially
minor misdemeanor offense or less to a serious felony.   Thus if a court
finds that any communication reported on an Internet list was not
legally intercepted, felony penalties apply for publishing the
information even if the interception was for hobby purposes (which of
course most scanner list intercepts are).
assume that since the Bush administration has been pushing for the
passage of this bill that they perhaps intend to start prosecuting at
least some category of radio  under the new provisions - no
doubt as an example meant to scare the rest of us into handing our
radios in at the nearest police station...

@_date: 2002-07-17 15:28:01
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless 
17, 2002 at 10:04:29AM -0700
References: <3D35A39D.CB248659
 ....
  ....   THE CRITICAL EXCEPTIONS FOR RADIO SIGNALS FOLLOW...
public" means in section 2510:
illegal (and now a felony by the way - even before the CSEA becomes law).
(becoming more common in some places I understand as carriers go into that
business) would clearly be illegal.
there.   And the frequencies are public (and a ham band to boot)...
radio service clause would apply and trump everything else - especially
if you are a ham as most of the 2.4 ghz 802.11b band is also allocated
as a ham band.  I know of no court tests of whether the cordless phone
prohibitions (with cordless phones at both 2.4 ghz and 900 mhz which
are both ham bands too) apply to hams intercepting cordless phones that
also operate in those bands... nor how that impacts WEP interception.

@_date: 2002-07-19 02:04:01
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: They will damn well try to legislate DRM] 
is both possible and there is precedent (in respect to other consumer
electronic gear) for legislating restrictions on consumer PCs in the
hands of the general public without controlling or restricting PCs used
for business, commercial, scientific, or technical purposes.
legislated because of the magnitude of the impact to the economy
conveniantly ignores the possibility of a bill that restricts new PCs
sold for home use by ordinary consumers but allows all the computers
in the business economy to function without TCPA or DRM if they choose.
realistic needs and would only force consumers to upgrade to the closed
boxes if they wanted the new content, not force wholesale replacements
of offices full of PCs.
offer software or hardware to the general public that was not DRM'd or
allow the general public complete access to their networked machines
even for personal use only.

@_date: 2002-06-03 01:34:41
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
References: <001d01c20a91$483d2e60$84c5efd1 <014001c20a9d$be90d060$6501a8c0 there and at least millions of existing NTSC analog capture cards.  Many if not most can do acceptable fidelity conversion of analog audio
and video to digital formats if programmed correctly. And there are even
a few tens of thousands (or more) of new generation PCI cards that
capture ATSC digital video (including HDTV) direct to disk in the clear.
obselete ISA based designs, but there are certainly enough reasonably
current boards around so that it will be a long long while before the population of working systems capable of performing analog to
digital conversion of either watermarked audio or video reaches insignificance.   And without that point being reached, anything else
seems pretty ineffective as per your point above.
don't turn in that Creative Soundblaster from the old PC in the attic
closet isn't going to fly.   The sheeple may be sheep but even they
aren't going to accept that kind of nonsense from Hollywood or any
corrupt congress.
the big time and the public really is faced with crippled devices
that don't work and mandatory obselescence of existing expensive
computer and entertainment systems with potential jail time for
use of old equipment that the backlash will be so intense that
raw public votes will control over Hollywood money.

@_date: 2002-11-20 02:13:59
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: News: House votes life sentences for hackers (fwd) 
References:   <20021115121135.A17061
  <20021116034837.GB1508
  <20021120004026.A28294
version that the above link points to.
very carefully.
of section 2511 (4).

@_date: 2003-04-01 16:08:04
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
References: <87k7ejmken.fsf <20030401041741.GS13933

@_date: 2003-04-21 01:21:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Internet dies if GPS dies? 
References: <3EA3751E.F351B335
high capacity fiber muxes, switches and rings depend on GPS timing and
operate with a decentralized timing hierarchy with each major node
having its own primary reference locked to GPS time.   And CDMA
cellsites in particular cannot perform proper handoffs without GPS
accuracy timing.  Even such technology as low tech as police radio
trunking systems and pagers now depend on GPS for accurately
synchronizing multiple ("simulcast") transmitters so they don't interfere
with each other.
accurate rubidium or sometimes even cesium clocks as backup for
GPS outages and even CDMA cellsites often have high precision ovenized
oscillator frequency standards that will meet the timing drift specs
for up to a couple of days with no valid GPS signal.
timing to other facilities (eg the data coming in from a fiber)  rather
than GPS - it really depends on how much care and thought went into the
system design and whether any of the backup timing modes are tested
revolutionized the timing and synchronizing architectures of many
kinds of telcom networks and systems.   It ain't 1975 when all timing
and frequency for the whole CONUS radiated out of a master oscillator
in an underground bunker in Hillsboro Mo, and essentially everything
was slaved to it by layers of PLLs and local disciplined oscillators.
for system designers - time of day accurate to around 25 ns is now
available for less than $1K anywhere you want it with very high
reliability as is frequency accurate to parts in 10^13.   Back in the old
days these were unheard of numbers... with maybe 10 ms timing accuracy
being considered good.
quite severely - vulnerable to a long term GPS outage of hours or
days or longer.   Virtually all of these GPS timing systems are designed
to stand short GPS outages, as they can happen due to sky coverage,
satellite failures, or routine maintenance.

@_date: 2003-05-01 01:09:02
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
References: and build up a reputation as a quality editor without doing any work.
Nobody needs HER signature if his judgements/filtering are just as

@_date: 2003-02-05 01:18:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Tiny whiskers make huge memory storage 
References: in existance out there ?  Are they in daily use or merely laboratory
curiosities ?
recovery services, but as far as I have ever heard they mostly work with
non overwritten data on disks that have bad electronics, bad motors, bad
head actuators, damaged formating, bad servo tracks, bad heads, damaged
surfaces and so forth.   The most I have ever heard of being routinely
done is reading data off a platter with a special external head
positioned by special mechanics and servo systems.
with disks with corrupt filesystems but largely or entirely intact
information content on the platters.  This includes partially erased
filesystems and file systems with key information blocks that cannot be
reliably read or that have been overwritten by garbage.  sectors that have been overwritten once or multiple times.
practical production systems and proven techniques for retrieving
overwritten data ?   How good are they - what BERs are obtainable for
what percentage of data ?
infer that a particular bit a of key has a slightly greater than 50%
chance of being a 1 or 0, but for most users retrieving email or
documents with  even one or two corrupt characters in them per page may
not be very interesting even if it is possible.
minds of a jury if the data is really garbled, even if it seems
(business data recovery and evidence) any multi-layer ghost data
recovery would have to be pretty good to be worth investing in.   The
NSA/CIA, however might be interested in anything at all under some
circumstances - without those limitations.
and how expensive is the gear ?  Who actually has working setups in use ?
And how many layers down can they really read ?  And with what BER ?

@_date: 2003-06-06 01:41:29
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: SIGINT planes vs. radioisotope mapping 
References:   <5.2.0.9.0.20030605233500.02688bf0
telephone traffic flows via satellite (hardly any in fact except a few
remaining private systems for companies and government - carriers
completely gave up satcom links about 15-20 years ago in the PSTN). The
economics don't work and people hated the delay in calls due to the
distance to the satellite.  The only real exception is parts of
back country Alaska... which is still served by satellite.
mostly to remote and underdeveloped places.   The great bulk of traffic
between the US and Europe and Asia is on fiber now.  Satellite does
provide backup to cables if they are cut, but more and more places
have enough redundant fiber to never need to use this capability.
satellites because it was cheaper to get it to the towers on remote
hilltops that way than by leasing fiber or copper circuits.  And indeed
when G4 died, a lot of pager transmitters had no input from the central
computers and went off the air.   Nobody had really thought about what
might happen if the bird died - they had been focusing on up link and
downlink reliability instead.   And in a very typical communication
screwup, some of the backups were on the same satellite.
but again only a tiny bit compared to the flood that travels over fiber.
This is much more used for international Internet links, some of which
are on satellites.
both broadcast and cable and direct to home, and for some innately
broadcast services like distributing weather data to airports and weather forecast offices and the like.  There are also some remaining
point of sale credit card verification networks on satellite because
of the reduced cost of a satellite link compared to thousands of circuits
to local gas stations or convenience stores. for video uplinks for satellite news gathering and sports back hauls and
the like.   It is obviously not usually possible to provide fiber to the
scene of a major news event and only sometimes to the venues of sports
events.  And the military and government uses satellite capacity to
talk to things like Navy ships and mobile command posts which aren't
in one place very long.
(maybe a couple of percent or less of wireline telephone calls do at any
point, perhaps even less by now - mostly to backward places where
stringing fiber is hard or uneconomical).   Most of the old AT&T microwave
towers that once dotted hilltops across the country have been shut down
and sold to cell operators or even private citizens seeking a remote
location for a cabin - and most of this shutdown happened by the late
80s in fact.  Very very few of the towers still in existence transmit
any traffic any more or ever could again.
Island (the landing site for around a third of the transatlantic cables)
and a point in Connecticut.   One may draw whatever conclusions one
likes about why this was done this way in the early 70s or so.
list that certain fiber Sonet rings linking a NJ cable landing site
(with another third or so of the cables) to a switching facility that
actually handles most of the traffic further inland have three nodes
on them instead of two.  No idea why... just one of those weird things
that got built that way in construction I guess.
from buried wires for a kind of paging function that says come up and
get the nuclear war order.   Actual messages are sent on VLF frequencies
(16-90 khz) which penetrate seawater better than other frequency ranges
and can be received while submerged to up to a couple hundred feet.  Antennas for this function are not buried, but gigantic towers or mile
long wires trailed from command and relay aircraft.
and do collect most any available radio signals they can see from flight
altitude.   This allows cellphones, cordless phones, pagers, pdas,
wireless email devices, and miscellaneous two way radio signals to be
vacuumed up and some microwave links to be intercepted as well, but none of these aircraft has ever been reported to routinely do TEMPEST
type interception of wireline traffic from incidental radiation.
that much because of interference to licensed services using precious
spectrum, so most wire communications devices fiber and copper radiate
very very little energy.  Part of this is due to the cancellation effect
of energy flowing in balanced transmission lines, and part due to
filtering and shielding.
in typical aerial cables - even if the energy could be detected at a
distance (which it can't due to the impact of the inverse square law) it
would be nearly impossible to sort out the impulses from one circuit
from those of all the others in the same cable.
in them.  There is constant problem for cable companies with corrosion
and damage to the wires causing some of this energy to leak out and be
radiated and cause interference to licensed services on the same
frequencies.  Cable companies spend lots of dollars going around looking
for and fixing these problems in order to avoid fines and other legal
action by the FCC and FAA.
from the headend where the satellite dishes and antennas are to a
neighborhood where they are converted from optical to rf on copper and
distributed locally.
The only source of rf radiation in fiber optic systems is the
electronics at either end which convert the light into electrical
signals for local use.
grasp is the titanic volume of modern communications.  The flow is so
overwhelming that only a powerful God could possibly process it all to
find interesting material.   The entire federal budget could not pay
enough humans to screen and analyze ALL the electonic communications of
even a medium size city in 2003.    So communications intercepts are
necessarily targeted very narrowly, even drag net fishing is likely done
only in places where there is a real likelihood that something important
will turn up with finite effort.
everything and capturing everything just is not realistic, and a very
very high percentage of what does get captured is never looked at or
listened to or even stored for very long.
and social network discovery is far more important than flying airplanes
around trying to collect incidental radiation from local copper T1
lines. Knowing who calls or emails who makes it possible to find the
needles which you want to monitor in the vast haystacks.   Thus there is
a much greater probability that records of your calls and IP traffic
addresses are looked at for patterns and association with known bad guys
than that someone is actually listening to or reading your traffic
looking for the word bomb.

@_date: 2003-03-31 23:17:42
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
References: <87k7ejmken.fsf
scheduled on the Mass Bill at 10 Am in Room 222 of the Mass State House
in Boston.
on the state website as "legislation to establish a crime of illegal
internet and broadband access"
