
@_date: 1994-12-01 15:03:36
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: recent voice over data 
at a very low level relative to the data.  In order to subtract the
modulated version data coming from the other end you have to know
exactly what it is, and in order to do that you need sufficient signal
to noise of data over everthing else to reliably demodulate it or you
need some means of reliably predicting it.
entropy in the information in one direction (it is completely
predictable - such as flags during LAPM idle intervals) and it is
possible that one could contruct a syllabic gizmo that would turn off
the entropy in the data when talkspurts happened by doing flow control
and stopping information transmission during periods that speech was
loud.  But all of this seems a bit much, and certainly would be subject
to lots of kinds of degradation depending on the speech content and
any nolinearity in the channel.
of SNR for decent BERs - this would imply that if the line was not
timeshared with voice in talkspurts that the peak level of the voice
would have to be about 20 db below the modem tones.  I guess that this
would still result in intelligible speech even though it would effectively
be transmitted by only a couple of bits per 8 khz sample.
data at a variable coding rate one could allow the voice to creep
up on the data a bit more by using a heavier duty error correction
during talk spurts.
it with the data stream however.   Certainly there are technologies to
do this including variable rate vocoding (ala Qualcomm) that would
allow almost the full bandwidth of the line to be used for data.
I can get around to it without interrupting serious work work - but I'm left
wondering who in the hell would want to forge posts from me ? ]

@_date: 1994-12-01 20:54:10
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: recent voice over data 
retrieving the voice under data off a crude alligator clip type 2 wire
wiretap may be difficult because it requires knowing the data going in
both directions.  So if one sends random or cryptographically secure
pseudo random data one might be able to do a reasonable job of hiding
the voice channel from simple wiretapping technology even though it is
analog rather than digital.  And generating random data with a noise
diode and a UART is easy to do and very secure. two wire tap (voltage only) when neither data stream is known or
predictable is difficult or even nearly impossible to do with modern
near-end-echo cancelling modem modulations such as V.32 and V.34, and
without this capability the voice would almost certainly not be
intelligable over the roar of the modem tones. encryption, but it is easy to do and makes wiretapping a lot harder.... If I were concerned with securing my calls from most threats other than
the TLA's I think spending 640 bucks for two of these modems and a
little box with a UART and a noise diode might be a cheap and dirty
voice privacy hack.  Certainly it would defeat the idly curious and the
private eye divorce investigator types...

@_date: 1994-12-03 00:11:14
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: 6-hour Secure Mobile Voice 
inverter.  It operates by mixing incoming voice with a carrier (usually
around the top of the voice band) in a double balanced mixer and sending
the resulting spectrum down the wire.  It is not secure at all against
anyone with very simple and widely available equipment - at most it
would take such a person a few seconds to find the carrier frequency. And as any ham will tell you, it gets pretty easy to understand inverted
or off frequency speech with practice.   Most of the really super
cheap (under $50 or $100) scramblers are of this toy type.
inverter.  This was allegedly used early in World War II for medium security
communications.  It operates by splitting the voice spectrum into
several frequency subbands and swapping those subbands around according to
a pattern determined by a key.   Masking tones or noise may be
added in some of the bands to make understanding harder.  Scramblers
of this fixed shuffle type can generally be broken easily with DSP techniques.
They are not common as current day products.
used by the US government for low security communications until recently
(as the KY-65 Parkhill system).  This rolling code scrambler shuffles
the voice subband components dynamically several times a second under
control of a psuedo random sequence determined by a key and plays some
of them forward and some backwards from digital memories.  This system
requires much cleverer real time DSP signal analysis software to break
than the fixed shuffle of world war II stuff, but allegedly some
amateurs were able to recover intelligable speech from it without
knowing the key sequences.  There are lots of commercial versions of
this type of scrambler available all over the world - they run from the
low hundreds of dollars to the low thousands.
phonemes and phomeme sequences from a particular speaker rather than
trying to crack the psuedo-random shuffling sequence, speech from such a
device could probably be rendered intelligible in seconds to minutes
using modern high perfomance DSPs and fast workstation processors and
very clever software, but of course the software to do this is not
widely public and the results are probably highly variable and speaker and
signal quality dependant.  In general, the availablity of high
performance processors and better speech recognition algorithms makes
this approach more and more possible in shorter and shorter amounts of
time. scramblers is a more classic cryptologic problem and varies greatly
in difficulty depending on the particular design.   This might take seconds,
minutes or many days depending on what generates the sequence and how much
"plaintext" can be recovered by signal analysis.  Obviously once cracked
the speech can be recovered in real time using simple gear.
Lots of surplus US government DES equiped HT's are available if radio
communications are your purpose...
(signature under construction)

@_date: 1994-12-16 20:59:18
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Digital privacy 
means that a simple hacked phone will only recover the base (landline)
end of the conversation - almost all traces of the mobile end of the
conversation will be eliminated by these DSP devices which are required
to eliminate the otherwise very noticable echo due to the O(100 ms)
delays of the vocoders used. with FM analog cellular (AMPS and NAMPS) and a scanner, and usually
unnecessary anyway due to the low return loss (high echo) of the
wireline trunks and switches which makes the mobile caller's voice
clearly audible on the base station transmission, will not be possible
for either CDMA or TDMA using a hacked phone as both systems use more or
less entirely different modulations and transmission techniques in the
mobile to base direction.   These modulations cannot be recovered by
simply hacking the firmware of a phone - they require different signal
processing electronics.
which ensures that much of the time the mobile signal will be well below
the threshold of detectability at a listening post located anywhere but
very near the caller.
course does very little to protect against the kind of serious threat
that both the TLA's (ours and theirs) and large criminal and industrial
spy operations pose.  As such it may lead people to be more careless
because they have never seen the risk of cell call interception demonstrated
and delude themselves into believing it is not possible.  I hope that
what interception is possible with hacked phones becomes widely visible
so the illusion of security is not regained when the digital switch happens.
other TLA's have been quietly fighting a battle for years to keep cellphones
from using effective encryption, and have so far blocked it out of the
a walkie talkie.   Against nosey neighbors using an analog cellphone is of
course not advisable for any kind of private conversation.  It is certainly
true that most people are much more threatened by their nosey neighbors than
serious spies, however, and so digital cellphones will make calls much more
private for ordinary people.

@_date: 1994-12-28 15:44:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
inspect the compiled binary output by hand with a debugger and even
trace its execution step by step through the usually small security
sensitive sections of code.  While Thompson's famous hack was clever
indeed, it basically depended on security by obscurity - if someone had
looked at the generated machine code they easily could have spotted the
hook that inserted the magic password.  Granted of course this is a lot
of work, but so is modifying a compiler or perhaps several of them
to selectively insert security hooks. however, if the evil sysadmin controls the kernal it is quite possible
for him to arrange to have the kernal recognize when the security
program code is running and fudge the state of the security code
variables by interupting its execution at a private to the kernal
breakpoint and invoking code that patches the state of the data or stack
areas and then returns to the user code.  Since the user process is
effectively running on a virtual machine it would be very difficult to
create code that would reliably detect such selective violations in the
consistancy of the virtual machine, especially as code to check for such
violations has to run on the same virtual machine and can also be
diddled with by the kernel. not 100% trustworthy no amount of cleverness at the user level
can prevent it from obtaining any private information or modifying
any private data it wants.  And if the hacker is clever enough this
can be made nearly invisible to any application program and can be
used to do almost anything desired.
to anyone with root and are not integrity checked on bootup, such a hack
could be planted by some j. random hacker who had root momentarily and
activated much later (perhaps via an obscure user level control file
somewhere that specified the gory details of what to recognize and
patch).

@_date: 1994-12-28 16:31:47
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Are 2048-bit pgp keys really secure ? 
One of the major SIMM patents is for SIMMs with parity and does not
apply to SIMMs without (a matter of how the claims were phrased), so
companies that don't want to pay royalties to Wang in the US (the owner
of MOST SIMM patents) have used this trick not primarily to cut product
cost but to aviod paying royalties (something like 5%).

@_date: 1994-11-21 13:01:43
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: New Opportunity for Anonymous Reamilers 
so evil that a university (bastion of free speech) should wish to censor
it ? I can understand high schools and especially middle schools
censoring some of the alt.sex crap, but what is there on USENET that is
not suitable for college age and older ? And why on earth should they
censor faculty/grad student access ? Aren't faculty/grad students
assumed to be highly responsible adults ?
a real for-credit course in pornographic literature offered ...  turns
out there is quite a serious literary tradition in this arena (DH
Lawrence, Henry Miller, Anias Nin etc). Pagesat, which broadcasts a completely uncensored real time feed of the
USENET over a small dish Ku band satellite link to all of North America. And they are a real licensed common carrier (their principle business is
wide area paging services) so they can't be held responsible for the
contents of the traffic either.

@_date: 1994-09-28 13:56:47
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Mandatory email verification 
seem to remember that it invoced sendmail as a process rather than
connecting to it via port 25 to send mail. non sendmail connections to port 25 from the local machine (it clearly
knows from the socket info structures who is connected on the other end
of the socket) or perhaps to refuse to accept user id from a port 25
connection on the local machine (instead indicating the origen of the
mail as user "sendmail25" or something similar).  The later approach
could be refined by adding a header line to the mail indicating it came
from port 25 rather than rejecting it - then all you would have to do is
make sure that the legitimate mailers were configured to invoke sendmail
as a process rather than via port 25, and the appearence of the warning
header line would be a red flag that something irregular happened in the
creation of the mail. listening on port 25 to accept mail from other spawned sendmail
processes via a memory to memory transfer (most unixes support this
these days) or via some other port than 25, or with an additional step
of passing the process id so it could check the UID of the process
sending it the mail to authenticate the sender.   [I am writing this
in a typically airheaded manner this afternoon without looking at
the sendmail source I have on the machine so I am a little vague about
how sendmail spawned talks to sendmail permanent to send mail, but whatever
technique is used here ought to be subject to a pass the process ID
or pass a magic cookie (hash of process ID and sendmail version perhaps?)
and the process id approach].
to use it, could use it only to authenticate one sendmail process on your
local machine to another.

@_date: 1994-09-29 06:57:26
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread? 
cryptanalysis, particularly what has been recently revealed recently
about US/British triumphs in World War II, shows a number of startling
successes against what were thought (and even now seem to ordinary
minds) to be intractable ciphers.  It is not very hard to see why
popular mythology, which usually lags the cutting edge of science by at
least several years and even sometimes several decades emphasizes
decryption. After all, decryption seems to have been winning the last
time we were allowed to have a look.
has a lot to do with the origin of religion tends to mythologize to
vast, even epic status those who can do something that ordinary people
can't.  And this hero/god dieification often involves the myth of
unlimited power, which in the case of crypto means the ability to
break any cipher.
revolution represented by number theory based ciphers sinks in.  Even
the simple understanding that there exist unbreakable ciphers right now
that anyone with a floppy disk drive can implement is too advanced to
sink in very far. systems were actually intended by their creators to be unbreakable.   pirates have yet to break any cipher at all (at least as far as I know
as someone who follows this technology).   All the current triumphs have
been based on exploiting holes (mostly involving cloning) in the
key distribution and management in an environment where your enemy
both necessarily has the complete cipher device and several copies
of known to work keys.

@_date: 1995-08-15 19:47:54
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Purple Boxes 
Lucky Green writes :
especially a really fast DSP engine you can do both 3-DES and idea in
the same hardware that does the rest.  You need only to encrypt
somewhere between 9.6 kbits and 16 kbits per second or between 1 and 2
kbytes/sec or 125 to 250 block encryptions per second which is lots less
than 100+ kbytes/second people have been getting for DES file encryption
on high end PC class processors.  And a good DSP core carefully
programmed is probably quite comparable to the performance of a DX-4 or
mid range Pentium on algorithms such as DES, idea or even RC4. left over for the voice compression - for the encryption you might
possibly be talking 5% of the dsp cpu if you use a 50 mhz part.
exchange because it so slow.   There are hardware versions of RSA
that will work at modem speeds or better with reasonable moduluses
but this is specialized VLSI hardware and as far as I have ever noticed
is not available cheaply as is the kind of DSP used for V.34 modems.
And certainly doing key exchange RSA on a dsp or 32 bit microcontroller
is reasonable if it only adds a second or two of call setup.
one could quite easily adapt the firmware on one of the new simultanious
data and digital voice on the same phone line modems to incorperate
encryption, and quite possibly encryption/key exhange interoperable
with some mode of PGPphone.   Doing this would relieve one of the
need to develop or manufacture any hardware at all - all that would
be required to have a portable "bump in the cord" encrypter widely
available for a low price would be creating a new version of the
downloadable flash ROM image that did encryption and PGPphone
key exchange.

@_date: 1995-08-16 10:39:46
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Purple Boxes 
digital voice connection interleaved with 28.8 kb V.34 high speed data
over a common modem connection.  As such it has an extra audio A/D and
D/A and line interface; in fact some of these modems actually have a
full telco CO type phone line interface so one can plug in a regular
vanilla phone and talk full duplex over the digital path just as on an
analog phone line.  They are already trully bump-in-the-cord devices. apparently aimed at the service desk/tech support market where they
supply the capability for someone diagnosing a problem to have the
customer's screen display on their system and access their keyboard
while talking to the customer about what is wrong.   (As a historical
note, I was involved in the development of this technology at
Data General in the late 70's using fdm data over voice analog signalling
- the reason it didn't catch on was that the modem connection was
very slow (300 baud)).
voice compression used and the protocol so such modems will interoperate
with those made by other manufacturers  - I don't think anybody has
addressed encryrption in this protocal (after all, the NSA has kept
encryption out of the data side of modems where it would be trivial
to implement).
be able to drop in PGPphone code relatively unmodified it would
be a problem, but actually implmenting the core encryption and crypto sync
stuff would only be a few tens of kb of code at most in a ROM that
may well be 512 kb or more now with significant space reserved for
expansion and bug fixes and support of older modem protocols.

@_date: 1995-08-16 13:45:28
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Purple Boxes 
been following the matter elsewhere and it is certainly true that some
of the proprietary stuff and the proposed standard are fully digital
packet interleaved digital CLEP coded voice.
modern modems (which subtract out the transmit signal to leave the receive)
to subtract out both the transmit and receive digital signals (QAM
by the way for v.32 and v.34) and leave just the residual noise which
could be voice at a very low level.  Whether one could get an adaquate bit error rate (even with the trellis coding) from the far end data signal
given the worst case line loss if the signal was mixed with low level
voice I do not know.
actually used, one could have a reasonable security analog masking type
scrambler for free by sending random digital data down the line in both
directions (such as data derived from Johnson noise or radioactive
decay).  There would be no easy way for a third party to filter out the
digital data (unless of course the interloper had a four wire tap on the
line with good enough directionality to demodulate the data in both
directions with a reasonable BER).

@_date: 1995-12-11 20:15:55
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Anohter angle on timing (TEMPEST) 
of obtaining the timings it uses, particularly on smartcards and other tamper resistant hardware based crypto devices - but also perhaps on
locally accessible (and poorly sheilded) servers.
ground noise, noise on other pins of the device (eg a smartcard)  and
other kinds of transient electrical noise generated by an internal
processor performing a cyrpto algorithm noise might very well allow one
to quite precisely identify when certain sections  or loops in the
internal code of the device was running.   Using this information with
Kochar's statistical approach to determining bit values from time
variances might make such a tempest attack on protected keys held by
such a devices practical even for those of us not privy to the tricks
used by the spooks to process tempest data.  And it certainly could make
available much more timing information per run than just the gross time
to complete the crypto operation, in fact it is entirely possible that
an accurate timing for each step of the algorithm could be derived from
such noise measurements.

@_date: 1995-12-20 17:35:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: 900mhz digital phones - how much to trust ? 
which has all the required signal processing hardware for that particular
type of spread spectrum and modify it to receive promiscuously and
not transmit while doing so,
actual secure encryption of the digital bit stream, so all you have to
do is ensure that your shadow phone is primed with the correct spreading
sequence or hopping sequence and is tuned to the right center frequency.
Typically choices for these are very limited (maybe 20 channels) and
modifying the micro firmware in a phone or base unit to search all
possiblities is realistic, especially with the help of an external PC as
modulation schemes, but many of them simply transmit a FSK or BPSK rf carrier digitally modulated by the output bitstream of a codec chip
(CVSD or regular u-law PCM) on one of several randomly selected
channels,  perhaps slowly hopping from channel to channel in a fixed
sequence.  Even the phones that use direct sequence spreading are
effectively just transmitting a fast BPSK signal modulated at the chip
rate.   Receivers and signal processing boxes capable of dealing with
this kind of digital modulation are a standard commodity item in the
spook world (made by Condor Systems and Watkins Johnson and the like)
and even sometimes show up on the high tech surplus market (and are
collected by some of us who collect high tech spook hardware as a hobby)
- they are however very expensive compared with simply modifying a
couple of real phones to do the job.
phones are primarily intended to allow them to share the 902-928 mhz
band with all the other users (other phones, truck tracking systems
short range wireless video cameras and video distribution, various
industrial users, wireless LANs of several types, ham radio operators,
and several other types of unlicensed uncoordinated devices radiating up
to 1 watt of power) without suffering the kind of  interference that
has plagued the older 46/49 mhz FM type.  The FCC in fact requires
some level of spectrum spreading for this purpose but leaves the
actual choice up to the implementor rather than establishing a standard
method.   and wide enough keys would really make intercepting a digital cordless
phone difficult for someone determined to do so, especially if they were
targeting one particular phone.  I believe almost all of the
manufacturers have chickened out in the face of NSA and ITAR and not
even implemented toy encryption with random keys - they are simply
assuming that Joe Sixpack or his 14 year old son won't be able to pick
them up  on a commercially available scanner and that the federal law
banning sale of scanners capable of intercepting digital transmissions
and converting them to analog listenable audio will keep the scanner
companies from marketing such and keep customers from complaining about
nosey neighbors listening to their calls.
to want to intercept one they won't be able to - and it is almost
certain that expensive ($5-$20K) DSP based systems capable of intercepting several common types are already for sale to the usual
line, intercepting calls on regular analog subscriber loops (normal
telephone lines) by virtually undetectable simple alligator clip class
wiretaps or bugs is something that any bright 12 year old can pull off
(and many do before they grow up) - so if you have something to hide you
shouldn't trust the phone at all.

@_date: 1995-12-26 06:55:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: FH radios 
or DDS that works by accumulating phase (adding to the previous value) each tick of a high frequency clock in a register at a rate determined
by the contents of another register (the value here sets the frequency)
with the upper bits of the accumulated phase being used to address a
sine/cosine lookup table rom which in turn feeds digital output values
into a D/A converter.  The output of the D/A converter is a sampled approximation of a sine or cosine wave at a frequency set by the
increment register.  The sample rate is set by the high frequency clock
output by simply reloading the phase increment register with another
value.  Unlike phase locked loop synthesizers a there is no transient
phase and frequency error after a frequency shift.
rquired digital hardware (and various subtler considerations such as
clock jitter and output filtering) - current VLSI implementations work
up to around 100 mhz with .1 hz or better frequency resolution.
to digitally generate vector modulation (BPSK, QPSK, QAM etc) and even
digitally filter the result with FIR filters to limit occupied
bandwidth.   There have even been some experiments with generating
broadcast FM stereo signals directly from digital music samples using
this technology.
such techniques are possible (as is full hard encryption), it is my
understanding that actual conusmer 900 mhz digital cordless phones
that use frequency hopping use a very limited set of frequencies
and a small set of fixed hopping patterns and don't hop very fast. trully secure digital cordless phone given the dense ASIC technology
that is standard in this kind of product - but someone has to
persuade the manufacturers that there is a real need and find a way
to allow them to export the product.
from eavesdropping in its point of sale advertising display is the one that
uses open FM with simple speech inversion you know there is something
wrong, particularly when the company that makes it is a pioneer in
really secure digital speech over handheld radios (and a big governmeent

@_date: 1995-12-28 10:01:04
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Fwd: Re: FH radios [Dave Emery]  [Vaughan Pratt] 
rate, bandwidth and signal to noise ratio - the "channel capacity" of 26
mhz of spectrum is determined by the signal to noise ratio in the 26 mhz
channel and ranges from much less than 26 mbs to several times that rate
depending on the signal to noise ratio (and of course how clever the
modulation technology is at exploiting it).  Witness a 28.8 kb modem
which stuffs 28.8 kb into less than 3.2 khz given about 32 db gross SNR.
are talking about is how many samples a second it takes to reproduce
information in the 26 mhz bandwidth.   Crudely, as a rule of thumb
the Nyquist criterion would suggest that you need to sample at twice
the highest frequency (or 26 mhz if you downtranslate to DC).  This
means 52 megasamples per second.
at the location of interest and how far below the other signals the
signal of interest is, you might be able to get away with 8 bit samples
(providing about 35 db dynamic range) but would probably need more bits
than that for things to work reliably.  Say 12 bits (72 Mbytes sec) or
16 bits (104 Mbytes/sec),  Yes, perhaps compression could buy you back
some of that, but you are still realisticlly talking about recording
somewhere between maybe 20 and 100 Mbytes/sec.
day high performance disk system bandwidth.  So you are not talking
about a simple configuration with off the shelf disks and controllers
(unless you run several in parallel).    And one minute of audio gobbles
up way more than a gigabyte, or less than  2 minutes per $K of disk
cost.  And that assumes some compression.
that they have been used for the last 25 or so years by the NSA and
other like organizations for handling this kind of problem (originally
in the HF radio spectrum for finding and reading covert burst
transmissions - at least so I have heard).
hopping permits of some simplifications and speedups since demodulating
bits between hops can be done with less computation per sample than
estimating where the next hop frequency is when it is unknown.  And a
phone that slowly hops in a fixed simple pattern onto a small number of
channels can be demodulated by very simple approaches indeed, including
much less sophisticated and costly ones than fast DSP of wideband
sampled channels.
was secure, perhaps because I have spent too much time looking at packet
dumps from protocol analyzers and bus traffic  on logic analyzers. And
even the oldest and slowest systems could reconstruct TCP - it was not a
leap of system technology at all, but a leap of hacker application
skills and awareness.  I hate to even whisper the other places in the
fragile web of our infrastructure that are vulnerable to intelligent
attack ... there are many unexploited holes left even as we plug some of
the obvious ones.   The good thing is that people are begining to think
about them.
hacker tools in the hands of relatively unsophisticated kids who could
in no way have created them  proves your point well.
Historically they have been viewed as techniques for avoiding jamming
and interference and sometimes also for making signals harder to find
rather than as information security techniques.  Their use in cordless
phones is primarily to aviod interference from other users of the
902-928 band and not for security.
security at all.  But even the security of mathematical crypto is mostly
unproven as of yet - we merely think things are difficult to compute
because we don't know an easy way to do it, not because there is a clear
proof that is true.

@_date: 1995-01-11 13:49:06
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Storm Signals 
for precisely locating radio transmissions the usual selective availablity
dither is still turned on and there have been no public announcements
about any changes in the status of the C/A (public) part of the system.
The P code part of the system is only available to the military and
announcements about it may not be made from the usual USCG BBS that
carries stuff about the civilian signals, but they know nothing about
any change in GPS status recently, nor has there been any change
in the amount of dither or its (random) nature.

@_date: 1995-11-04 15:58:41
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Real randomness generators 
where the NSA might be presumed to be involved or domesticaly ?
(And of course was it in the USA or elsewhere ?)

@_date: 1995-10-18 21:42:07
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: DalSemi: Add-Only Memory for Storage of Digital Cash 
can correct me, but my understanding is that some kinds of nuclear
radiation can be used to erase OTP EPROMS.   I suppose this might damage
the crystal lattice badly enough to render the device useless in
some bit positions or reduce data retention time a lot, but I sure
wouldn't bet any security on devices out there not being arbitrarily reprogrammable (thus using bits to represent digital
coins in a wallet that get reset when they are spent is not a
good idea).

@_date: 1995-10-19 17:44:12
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: DalSemi: Add-Only Memory for Storage of Digital Cash (fwd) 
masked proms programmed at birth by metalization pattersns and not
subject to non  destructive change after they leave the foundary, fuse
programable proms (which is basically a technology of the  70s to 80s)
and  CMOS proms that depend on patterns of  trapped charge injected into
insulating layers (crudely EPROMs and lots of cousins such as flash
EPROMs, eraseable PALS and FPGAs etc).  having the fuse elements literally blown open by the programming process
using higher voltages and special prgramming logic activated by the
higher voltages that allowed a given fuse to be addressed individually
and blown open (literally vaporized).    This process is obviously one
way (except in defective devices) and once a fuse has been blown (making
a 1 in a blank device a zero for example or enabling a circuit path in a
programmable logic device) there is nothing that can be done to reverse
the process.
the most part fuse programmable proms are small and very fast and
somewhat expensive and use lots of power.
programmable logic devices as CMOS has become faster and faster due to
finer line geometries) depends on injecting pockets of charge into a
silicon glass insulating layer.  The electric field associated with
these pockets of charge acts as the gate of FETS built on top of the
insulating layer - turning on those transistors where there is charge
and leaving those off where there is not.   The classical UV eraseable
version of this technology is erased by exposing the device to UV light
which renders the silicon conductive which shorts out the trapped charge
sites.  A modern varient induces a controlled avalanche breakdown
through the silicon insulator region which also shorts out the stored
charge.  The later version is eraseable without UV light by electrical
action and is the technology used in many EEPROMs and Flash EPROMs.
programmable logic allows many (hundreds to tens of thousands)
of erasure and reprogramming (reinjectiong charge) cycles in modern
prom devices.
  >

@_date: 1996-04-10 20:23:11
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Bank transactions on Internet 
of parts in real designs several things need be said.  board would cost, it does not include the cost of the software packages
required to generate the programming information for the chip and
simulate and verify the design.   While this software can sometimes be
pirated or "borrowed" from an employer or school or even the chip
distributors, charges for a legitimate copy of the software for
programming many kinds of FPGA's can run in the low to mid thousands and
it it is usually dongle protected.
descriptions of the logic in languages such as VHDL and compile them
into the special optimized forms required to get speed out of FPGAs with
highly assymetric routing delays through their interconnect networks are
considerably more expensive and may require RISC workstation hardware
(most of them ran only on Suns or HP in the past) and unix rather than
just a high end PC running Win 95.  Costs of this sort of software
package and workstation run as high as $50K per seat. high performance hardware based key cracker work without traditional
high speed logic debugging tools such as a fast logic analyzer (if we
are talking 5-10 ns clock especially) and a 1 ghz or so digital scope.
These kinds of gear, though sometimes available after hours to engineers
working for more liberal companies or schools, cost many thousands
of dollars and are not garden variety items available to any hacker.
used, there may be a significant cost in the order of at least hundreds
if not thousands of dollars for a specialized programmer capable of
programming ("burning") the FPGA with the interconnect patterns generated
by the software.  These tend to either be specialized to one kind of
part and maybe modestly cheap (hundreds of dollars) or universal and
several thousands of dollars (such as DataIO gear).
careless and clumsy or may not be) even if the parts are a few times
reprogrammable (as CMOS FPGAs often are these days) one can assume
that one will fry, or break the pins off, or reprogram one time too
many the FPGA or FPGA's before one gets the design working.  This
means that it would be realistic to assume several parts would be
consumed by the prototyping effort, they may not be cheap and this
adds up too.
or schooling might well have access to all the required resources on an
informal basis and be able to build a key cracker in evenings or
weekends for little more than the cost of the chip and a PC board to
hold it, it should be realistically noted that the actual cost of
equiping a lab from scratch with the required resources is more on the
order of tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars rather than $400.
legitimate uses in prototyping logic and producing products in small
volumes too small to justify the tooling costs of doing mask programmed gate arrays (which tend to be significantly faster and easier to design,
but cost $5-100K NRE to set up custom masks for fabrication). The
current generation of them make it possible to build logic systems in
one small chip that a few years ago would have been large  PC boards
full of PALs and other logic.
a significant design challenge even with current parts, but probably not
something that someone skilled in the art (and of course reasonably
bright) couldn't handle.  (At first blush I think in the case of RC-4
the pipelined  key scheduling logic required would be the very hard
thing to make efficient).  And the availablity of simulation and timing
analysis tools would make the process of creating such a deamon largely
a software or logic programming exercise that could be mostly carried
out over weeks or months of effort on a workstation or high performance
PC, rather than something that  requires the intensive resources of an
extensive hardware lab for a long period.
of reproducing multiple copies of a cracker and the skill level required
is very minimal compared to the real logic programming talent and
architectural insight it would take to fit one into a FPGA or two.
So once one is built, there can be hundreds or thousands of copies
made and put to work in the underground by all sorts of evil people who
wouldn't have a prayer of designing one from scratch,

@_date: 1996-04-13 12:37:15
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: How the other half lives - why encryption is necessary 
I occasionally read - if this is really a true report by a confessed
cordless/cellular scanner freak who got caught taping calls and passing
the tapes around it is certainly illuminating as someone in an official
position may have possibly said much more than more sophisticated law
enforcement eavesdroppers would ever admit to.  Clearly most people
would think the law in the matter was very different than the attitude
here expressed, though I think that many of the more cynical would view
this as no surprise at all and indeed SOP in most investigative
this.  However I think it certainly shows the official attitude that has
made many of us advocates of encryption, particularly of wireless
communications, and deeply suspicious of the notion that court ordered
wiretaps are the only ones used by the police and other agencies.
Forwarded message: From scan-mass-east-request at nomad.n-reading.ma.us Old-Return-Path: Message-Id: <199604122317.TAA17404 at zork.tiac.net>
X-Sender:kilo at tiac.net
X-Mailing-List:<scan-mass-east at nomad.n-reading.ma.us
CORDLESS PHONE MONITORING: --  I was accused of monitoring phone
conversations of public officals  over a scanner.  I was accused of taping
said conversations in which the public officals were conducting town
buissness in a illegal manner etc. The allegded tapes (copies) were
allegedly passed around to "other" town officals for them to hear what was
being  "said", "done", and what actions were about to unfold. A
investigation by the Mass. District Attoney was ordered and the results if
that investigation is as follows ---- "The information available during this
investigation indicated that the telephone calls which were tape recorded
were made on a cellular telephone or a portable telephone. No evidence was
obtained indicating a wire communication was illegally intercepted and
recorded. The audio tape that was around the town of $% and played
for several individuals was not recovered.   @  ^%%&*  found the tape
left on the front seat of %$^  car  and had it for a period of time, but
does not have it or knew where it was at this time. This officer (police)
explained to those directly involved that cellular telephone conversations
and any conversation that is transmitted over the airwaves is not protected
communitations, as there is no expectation of privacy in the open airways. I
further informed those involved that there are people who have nothing
better to do then listen and record such cellular telephone calls and this
means of communication is not secure. This officer requests that this
investigation be closed".     That is from the Masssachusetts District
Attoney's Office in  Barnstable,Mass. ******** In fact when I was
interviewed I was told flat out that lawenforcement "does not want" it to be
against the law, because not only do they hear about drug transactions which
allows them to bust subjects, "BUT" it  is also a saftey tool, for at times
the people under survailance talk using this type of communication and they
(POLICE) can find out if the subject(s)  have weapons, etc. etc......!!!!!
That's what my experience in this area is... Happy Scanning!!!!!!!!!! Vietnam Vets - "USMC"

@_date: 1996-04-14 00:03:13
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Bank transactions on Internet 
anything in my posting seems to imply that I doubted that some of the
list members possess the skills or brainpower to build a key cracker. I
am sure a considerable number (at least by comparison with most other
net communities) do, and many more certainly have the raw brainpower to
learn the required technology if not currently up on it. Motivation and
available time are another matter however.
the task was probably beyond some of the alt.2600 type crackers who
primarily use canned programs and scripts to perpetrate their attacks. That comment was actually intended as a left handed warning about the
advisablity of releasing a readily reproduced hardware key cracker
design to the world at large.  This seems especially true if entire FPGA
array PC plugin boards are becoming a commodity item and readily
available and the cracker recipe is buy one of those and install this canned
software on it.
statement that cypherpunks readers couldn't carry out the task, My
comments were directed at the original cost and effort estimates that I
thought were a little low - I'm certainly aware that many cypherpunks
list members are working professionals or grad students/researchers with
very considerable "free" resources at their beck and call. And even the pessimistic resource estimate I posted is not beyond motivated people.
particularly if they see a large profit or advantage in it.
about the list readership - that it is mostly good guys and not thieves
preparing to rip off hundreds or thousands of credit card numbers/ bank
access codes from the Internet for gain.  It is the implication that for
this thief group  it would be an easy $400 project to *design* and build
a useful key cracker that I was challenging. (I might add that there
certainly are other easier ways of obtaining large numbers of credit
card numbers and access codes by such means as tapping unencrypted
non-Internet data or voice communications and/or altering existing
credit card terminal firmware to make it save up and deliver credit card
numbers via a backdoor or bugging device.  Gaining illegal access to the
phone cables or credit terminals at a mall is certainly easier for most
crackers and more typical of their experiance base than designing
efficient pipelined key schedulers that fit into an FPGA).   easily design a cracker are already far too well paid for these design
skills to have much of any motivation to build such hardware for
criminal purposes.
know of no hardware crackers having been built with this technology (at
least outside of the classified world).  If it really is a simple
trivial project that can be carried out with $400 worth of resources why
aren't there NYT front page articles about someone having built a useful
one and cracked something ?  There certainly are lots of ambitious young
grad students with lots of resources available to them and time to do
this who would love to make their reputation by being the first to crack
DES in under a week ...
rather than a 1660A (which I'd love), but not hugely so, and I've been
mostly semi-retired, taking a sabbatical to care for my newborn son and
haven't wanted to spend the money to update resources I'd be largely
using occasionally for very casual playing.
Certainly I have done related stuff in the past...
brute force cracker as a just a simple brute force cracker.  The task
would demand much  more of the skills of  a good  clever parallel logic
designer to figure out how to effectively pipeline the well known and
well defined crypto algorithms within the constraints of a still limited
FPGA. What a crypto wizard might add might lie more in the direction of
optimized strategies for key generation and scheduling to reduce the
number of clock ticks and or gates  devoted to this. The game of course
is how many keys per second per dollar... anyone can build something
that will eventually try a key, it is building something that will try
keys at a maximum rate on cheap hardware that is interesting.

@_date: 1996-04-29 16:03:57
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: NOISE - AARMs 
Received: by pig.die.com (5.65/1.35)
Status: RO
   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
550 cypherpunks.com... User unknown
   ----- Unsent message follows -----
Received: by pig.die.com (5.65/1.35)
Message-Id: <9604282324.AA01142 at pig.die.com>
Reply-To: die at die.com
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL24alpha3]
Mime-Version: 1.0

@_date: 1996-04-30 15:40:22
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: NOISE - AARMs (fwd) 
makes a box that goes between the transmitter and control head of a
current generation tactical UHF satellite terminal  (LST-5 TACSAT) of
the type used by US military commanders in the field.  It connects the
control and talking part of the radio with the transmitter and antenna
via up to a mile of optical fiber cable with no metal conductors.  As
you can imagine, it is hard to use RF sniffing techniques to find the
command post at the other end of the fiber.

@_date: 1996-12-23 20:50:44
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Lack of security of police Mobile Data Terminals (MDTs) 
on how easy it is to intercept the supposedly secret traffic on the Motorola mobile data terminals used by many police forces to access
criminal history and other sensitive information.  This data is
not seriously encrypted (or encrypted at all in most systems) and
illustrates the kind of security by obscurity that some people would
like to see continue as the only protection for such information as
it is broadcast to the world on open radio channels.
today I found the following article posted to alt.radio.scanner. I do
not know who the author is, and I did not write the article myself - but
I think the article may interest some members of the list as it
illustrates what civilian cryptography would be like if the NSA had its
-----------------------  Begin quoted article ----------------------
Article: 44420 of alt.radio.scanner
Xref: world alt.radio.scanner:44420
Path: world!blanket.mitre.org!news.tufts.edu!
Newsgroups: alt.radio.scanner
Organization: screw
Lines: 765
Reply-To: lord at heaven.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: ts2p5.ro.com
Mime-Version: 1.0

@_date: 1996-02-12 15:50:25
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
power of the net, particularly in such communities as cypherpunks are
touchingly nieve tripe.   You have spoken the truth - and the hard words
need to be heard and  understood before it is too late.
almost entirely on physical communications facilities owned for the most
part by huge corperations that have deeply incestuous relationships with
the political power structure and very little interest in preserving the
self important dreams of a few members of a self selected net "elite".  If ordered to pull the plug they will, and cyberspace as we know it will
evaporate overnight.
communications facilities becoming available - aside from the titanic
capital costs of creating such, most of the resources required such as
radio spectrum, orbital slots and rights of way are tightly controlled by
the entrenched corperations that operate the present facilities. since outgrown its earlier days of comparative electronic anonymity - if
the government decides it has to control and or eliminate a network or
host it does not like it will be damned hard to construct one that
cannot be detected, mapped  and tracked down to physical people typing
on physical keyboards at the end of physical wires and fibers.  Crypto
may help until it is so regulated and controlled that the mere act of
possessing uncontrolled crypto software or hardware, or sending,
receiving or even just storing on disk a message that the government
cannot read is ipso facto justification for a long mandatory jail term -
(and that day is  coming). Remailers may help until anonymous
forwarding of electronic messages of any kind to third parties for the
purpose of concealing the sender or recipients true identity is a
serious crime except for certain very narrowly defined exceptions such
as otherwise legal anonymous political speech and such things as
legitimate anonymous self help groups. International sites may help
until the government decides that international traffic to rogue states
is something that it historically has had control of and can regulate
(witness the embargo for many years on telephone traffic to Cuba),
But it seems very clear as long as the government  has ultimate
control of the communications facilities used to send the messages the
government can and will control their passage if it feels it has to.
like  the current wide cross section of the great washed, upper income,
upper education sector of the population reached by the current
Internet is a short term historical accident - there are too many
powerful groups challenged and threatened by such for this period of 100
flowers to last. politicians in response to the "excesses" of this period of freedom  may
well have the effect of making it completely impossible to create
another academic, fringe, elite, intellectual, anarchic  Internet ... it
may well become seriously illegal to operate any free electronic forum
of wide scope without rigorous pre-publication mechanisms in place to
eliminate illegal information, pornography, stolen intellectual
property, improper racist, sexist, or nationalistic sentiments,
blasphemy, seditious speech, profantity, concealment of true traceable
identity, impersonation of another, and quite possibly anything that
could be construed as defaming the character of a person or institution.
the greater public Internet to the commercial interests that seek to
turn it into a vast shopping mall and let them control speech, regulate
content and license speakers provided that it still is possible for
private, academic, fringe, full free speech electronic networks to exist
for at least some of the intelligensia. And I'm afraid that may be the
real bargain we face....
 						die at die.com

@_date: 1996-02-19 09:35:10
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: No Subject 
Optical
amplifiers for fiber communications systems that used Ettrium doped
fibers pumped with strong light from a laser at a slightly shorter
wavelength. These fiber optical amplifiers have gains in the order of
10-12 db in a section of special doped fiber only about 10 feet long.
use these amplifiers instead of the more traditional regenerating
repeaters that convert the light to electronic signals, reclock the data
stream and convert it back to light with another laser diode.   There is
no conversion from light to digital electronic signals all the way from
Rhode Island to England - the same light pulses that go into the fiber
on one side of the Atlantic come out on the other end without ever
having been converted to electronic form in between.
amplify several slightly different wavelengths of light allowing
wavelength division multiplexing of multiple streams of light flashes of
slightly different "colors" (all the current technology works at around
1500 nm which is well into the infrared).   This can expand the capacity
of a single fiber to four to six times the 5 Gb/sec that is the current
state of the art.

@_date: 1996-01-20 10:42:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: NSA vacuuming down Internet traffic 
I can say fairly confidently that it is unlikely to be done with alligator
clips at T3 and Sonet rates).
intercepting microwave tail circuits (such as on the older FDM type
undersea cables).  For some random reason all the traffic on the
undersea cable just happened to always be routed via a microwave link
(sometimes as a "backup" to a cable link sent to a satellite ground
station in case it had to carry the traffic if the cable failed).    It is remarkable how many of the undersea cable terminals have microwave
links to the rest of the world.  would probably expect that the main Internet backbone Sonet or FDDI
rings have little diversions or bridges that feed undocumented fibers
going somewhere that nobody at the carriers quite knows where.  There is
a great deal of dark fiber installed (around the Beltway area
especially) for the spook agencies that was put in without any normal
cable records being kept by the carriers regarding where the fibers in
the bundle terminate or what they are used for or even where the actual
cables really go.  The amount of fiber going into some of the beltway
CIA sites is truly impressive (several major runs).
division DS-1/DS-3 switches used for routing and and interconnecting digital
circuits from one fiber pipe to another) could certainly be programmed to route a copy of the traffic on some interesting backbone T3 line
out another port as well - and like all complex software driven devices
this capability could be covertly activated and controlled without notice to
the normal operators who certainly don't have source code or the expertise to vet it.
who knows exactly where the NSA taps are, but other possibilities
certainly exist at repeater sites (where used) and even by optical
taps (bending the fiber to make it leak a little light) in some manhole somewhere.   And obviously buggering the firmware in central
routers to forward selected packets is available as a last ditch option.

@_date: 1996-01-22 19:59:31
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: IPSEC == end of firewalls (was Re: (fwd) e$: PBS NewsHour, Path Dependency, IPSEC, Cyberdog, and the Melting of Mr.) 
primary functions firewalls accomplish is insulating from most easy
attacks large numbers of random machines in an organization that may not
be all perfectly administered, 100% under control of competant security
wise users, and configured correctly for maximum security with all the
latest rev's of stuff.
totally eliminate the problems caused by buggy software and clueless or careless users, or overloaded security staffs who
don't have time to update everybody and check everything immediately
on networks with thousands of machines.
seems like a big win.

@_date: 1996-01-25 14:53:48
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: German home banking (fromn RISKS) 
middle attack with two vanilla off the shelf modems and a vanilla off
the shelf central office simulator.  The modems would be  tied more or
less back to back through two serial ports and software on a laptop in
the basement, one modem connected to the actual phone line to the central
office and the other connected to the local wires to the targets home
through the central office simulator.  This way all traffic in both
directions would go through the modems and software on the laptop
allowing the connection to be taken over cleanly between packets, and
packets to be injected and deleted as needed.  I beleive that it would
not be hard to make such a MITM decode the DTMF dialing from the target and dial the same number on its outgoing modem thus enabling the
MITM to passively relay modem calls it wasn't interested in spoofing.
And incoming modem calls could be similarly handled.
academic and I've never tried configuring such a thing, I'm quite sure
that standard off the shelf consumer modems and cheap and widely
available central office simulators could be configured to set up such a
MITM without requiring any special hardware, hardware modifications, or
modified modem firmware, or special programming expertise beyond that
required to operate modems through a serial port,  And obviously the
cost of such a thing might well be kept under $1000 and perhaps under
$500 compared to the multiple tens or hundreds  of thousands that the
specialized modem and protocol analyzer test equipment that can do this
sort of thing costs.
simple coupling transformers available at Radio Shack (or free from an
old junk modem) would allow full simulation/cutover of the call progress tones
and wrong number announcements and so forth and might make such a device
rather difficult to detect for a casual non technical modem user.
While this is not 100% off the shelf hardware, the technical skills required
are rather low.
(directional) tap this is probably not true in many cases, in that
the inherent directionality (echo return loss) of the line gives enough
separation between the data going in one direction and the data going
in the other for successful separation.  This is further enhanced by
the generally true fact that the line is idle in at least one direction
for most of the time, and the pattern of date transmitted on an
idle line under LAPM is predictable  and can be subtracted out even if
the actual SNR is not good enough to reliably demodulate it.
V.34 data is not part of any standard modem firmware, but many
modems can passively monitor the lower speed transmissions.

@_date: 1996-01-27 12:26:06
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Time codes for PCs (fromn German Banking) 
and accurate time distribution to suppport this was widely distributed
around the net (which is a huge if) this would not do much against the
kind of MITM I've hypothesized in many real world modem situations.   The
propagation delay of the telephone network (particularly inter-LATA long
distance) can vary considerably as calls can be routed via all sorts of
paths including some involving large detours - the delay through the
MITM would certainly be detectable but not necessarily obvious compared
to the variability in telco network timing (and circuit quality) from
call to call.
 	Also the delay through modems is quite variable depending on who
wrote the firmware (eg the modem brands on both ends of the link), what
speed and signalling parameters the modem has negotiated, whether or not
compression is enabled (and how compressable the data is) and what
parameters for it are selected, and how good the line is. The last is
very important, on a poor line with ARQ error control enabled LAPM
packets may be retransmitted more than once adding intermittant longer
delays and from time to time retraining may occur adding even longer
would trip on the hypothetical MITM reliably and not go off on random
variations from connection to connection very difficult.
propagation times - if one is running TCP/IP or most varients of it
there is a built in low level echo function (the ICMP echo, used by the
unix ping command and traceroute) that allows one to send a packet and
get back an (usually) immediate echo from each router in the path and
the path endpoint.  If one is running plain VT100 type in, the character
echoing is usually done promptly by the host and echo delays can be
measured as one types  and gets back characters.
or proprietary binary protocol via a dial in X.25 or similar PAD (such
as provided by Compuserve, Prodigy and Netcom for most of their
dial-ins).  Here most or all echoing is via the providers network from a
distant host and may be both long delayed  compared to MITM delays and
quite variable due to network loading.
(28.8kb)  modems, most of them have commands to report the link analog
characteristics and one of the standard reported items is the delay to
the far end modem. If this is almost 0 ms for a call to the other coast
one can and should get very suspicous.   Unfortunately, a more
sophisticated MITM  that would defeat this check than the one I
hypothesized could be built using a vanilla stereo sound card to add
appropriate delay by digitizing the line signal and delaying it in
memory before spitting it out the other channel to the local listening
all the obscure low speed modes, voice calls on the line,  and things
like fax tranmission work reliably and as they should - but even this
can be defeated with a slight increase in MITM sophistication, and in
any case this kind of MITM is presumably targeted at hit and run attacks
on the unsophisticated who would presumably not know how to check for
this stuff. authentication best done with crypto technology, and for secure end to
end encryption of virtual circuits used by many common  character by
character (such as telnet and VT-100 connections)  or packet by packet
transactions that use authentication only done up front (avoiding the
hijacking problem where the link is authenticated by something at the
beginning of the session such as a password or challenge/response
protocol and then taken over (perhaps only momentarily) by an intruder).
are (worse) noise to the list....

@_date: 1996-01-27 14:15:22
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: NOISE NOISE NOISE - clocks and other irrelevance 
10-100 ms is GPS.   The others are unlikely to be controlled well enough
at the source to be trusted.  Current TV broadcasting, for example,
usually involves multiple passes though digital frame stores and time
base correctors  - most homes get the signal via cable which itself
involves significant uncontrolled delays  (juat the thermal changes
in propagation delay  in a long CATV cable and amplifier chain due to weather
changes run into the many microseconds).
beleive that making sure that the time being broadcast is really kept accurate
is going to be a priority when most people use it for purposes that require
plus or minus a few seconds timing.
stable propagation) . the  HF ones are WWV.  Commercial time receivers
are available that work off the 60 khz time code (very narrow bandwidth
ASK), but the 60 khz is most used as a standard frequency for long
term tracking of error in local standards.
can use this specific clock (connected to a serial port) that allow sync
to the full accuracy possible at good times of day (around 1 ms).   The
programs also allow time distribution to other computers on a network -
thus their name  - ntp - which stands for network time protocol (and the
network time program that implements it). This protocol and the various unix
programs that implement it are quite widely used on commercial LANs and
the Internet to sychronize time amoung unix workstations, servers, and
bridges and routers.  Current implementations are capable of tracking
clock oscillator error on a system and adjusting the time periodically
to compensate for the frequency error of the clock and even to predict
(polynomial approximation) the change in frequency error with time.
Dave Mills who used to be at louie.udel.edu which hosted a ftp
site for the programs.   An archie search will reveal where they
are kept now, and there is a newsgroup (comp.protocols.time.ntp) for this
which no doubt has a substantial faq file about this. to sync a PC to ntp time on a network, and perhaps even a program that will accept input from a Heath clock ... although the initial ntp code was
written for unix on Suns.
Of course there is no certainty the station has the clock set accurately.
a unix clock to high accuracy.
distribution signals carry frame time codes in the VIT, but who put them
there, how accurately they reflect local time  and where in the delay
chain (before or after the satellite for example) they get inserted is
not well controlled.   Nor is there a standard for the format that
addresses the needs of end users rather than broadcast production, or
any particular effort to ensure that a signal is reliably present in the
over the air transmission.
get the TV networks to clock themselves with high accuracy rubidium
standards as a means of distributing standard frequency and time. But
technology has made this meaningless as most tv signals are now
distributed via satellites that move around several kilometers in a day
and clocked into multiple layers of frame stores (often delayed more
than a second)  in digital switching and processing gear and clocked out
with different clocks that often are not very accurate and not in any
way locked to the incoming network.
GPS and use that to do the final level of clocking out before feeding
the transmitter and could thus ensure that some reference point in some
frame happened at an exact time, but given that a user who can see a TV
signal can probably see GPS signals and can do the same timekeeping himself
for a couple hundred bucks it hardly seems worth it any more.  I do
expect that time codes with modest accuracy (few tens of ms at best)
will become common as part of the Starsite (or whatever they call it
now) program guide distribution on PBS, simply because this has defined
a format that can conveniantly contain time messages multiplexed with
other data and the box displays the time.  DSS and VC-II both also have
this capability, but of course the uncertainty of the satellite delay
limits accuracy and neither has provisions for providing time to other
distribution system due to power factor, choice of phase to use, propagation
time through transmission lines and substations and so forth would
mean that phase as observed at two distant sites was rather random
and maybe even subject to shifts over time as load conditions varied.
answer.  I do know that the frequency is only 60 hz on the average over
a day and actually wanders up and down quite a bit more than one might
expect as load on the system varies.  I did some measurements of this 22
years ago while debugging some PDP-8E system software I wrote that that
ran a frequency counter (the ratio kind that was very accurate on low
frequencies) and found the diurnal variations surprisingly large and
quite interesting.  I've not repeated the experiment since but suspect
that they still allow the frequency to wander in response to load conditions.
places and institutions generate their power locally (and few if any
users know this or know whether or not they are on the grid), UPS
systems are common and wander off of the grid during a power fail,
and many buildings have all three phases floating around wall outlets,
even wall outlets close to each other so such acts as moving plugs
around might very well change the phase.  And power systems switch
phase correction capacitors in and out from time to time as power
factor of large loads varies.  My guess is that to synchronize much
below a ms would be hard, and that random losses and jumps of sync would be
common enough to require lots of special treatment in software.

@_date: 1996-02-01 10:11:18
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: encrypted cellphones 
one outside of the spook community really knows if has a backdoor or
what computational effort might be involved in brute forcing it.  One
can certainly suppose that there was a lot of pressure to weaken it,
but whether that was accomplished by installing trapdoors or simply by making
special purpose hardware brute forcers simple, fast, and cheap is not known.
companies in England who are selling microwave receivers capable
of intercepting and decoding the microwave backhaul links that connect
most GSM cell sites to the mobile switching offices.   Apparently even
some supposedly secure GSM systems use unencrypted backhauls which can
be relatively easily intercepted by someone with the right gear from places near enough the towers to have a line of sight view
of them.

@_date: 1996-07-03 16:18:46
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
now called NCIT) that provides a 115.2 kb compressed (gzip) forward
error corrected feed of the entire USENET in near real time over a Ku band
satellite - not big ugly 8-10 foot dish C band, but a 1 meter VSAT style
fixed offset fed Ku dish (bigger than DSS - more the size of Primestar).
(Satellite is K2 and soon will be GE-1).
size ISPs, but it is available to individuals willing to pay $400/yr
for the service and about $600-$1000 for the hardware.

@_date: 1996-06-08 15:54:30
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Internet solution for law enforcement 
that police should be discouraged from using hard encryption on their
radios because that makes it impossible for the media and public to keep
an eye on them to make sure that they are on the up and up.  Remember that policeman carry guns and have wide discression in what they can do
in many situations, especially in short term immediate situations. And
quite a few are not well educated or terribly bright. And most members
of the general public are inclined to believe the word of police rather
than some random citizen.
information about police activities largely to what the police chooses
to voluntarily reveal to the media - and given the self promoting
political games, corruption, fabrication of evidence, brutality, racism
and plain stupidity that characterize all too many police departments
that often is not enough and very very self serving.  Leaving police
radio communications at least mostly open allows the media and curious
citizens to follow and observe police actions and have enough knowlage
of what went on to ask the hard questions and be witnesses to the
actual events.
recent years even as digital DES based technology has become practical and
somewhat affordable and widely installed.  Lots of police departments
have agreed or been forced to not encrypt anything but sensitive
undercover surveillance related coms, and certain tactical coms in
crisis situations such as hostage takings.  (It still remains also true,
however, that digital voice radios systems have less range, penetrating
power and more unpredictable outages and dead spots than good old analog
fm systems do so there is an added benefit to not using encryption).
public to listen to their communications is a net plus - there are
apparently few known instances of criminals making particularly
effective use of scanners to thwart the police and lots of instances of
citizens spotting suspects and other suspicious activities and informing
the police because they knew they were interested from what they
overheard listening to a scanner.
terminals installed in many police cruisers) - the older and larger city
systems installed mostly by big companies such as Motorola use feeble or
non existant encryption and can be readily intercepted by a slightly
modified scanner (using radio shack parts) and a PC with suitable
software (though the baud rates are odd, the data format synchronous
rather than start-stop async, the messages mostly sent in the form of
packed codewords in some BCH or Reed Soloman error correcting code with
the data bits strangely distributed in the codeword for best error
immunity, and the actual data a hodgepodge mixture of ASCII text and
binary screen formating and control characters).
a small company founded by a former colleague of mine (K1EA) that use
standard laptops instead of proprietary terminals do use single DES
encryption (my pro-crypto rantings on slow afternoons many years ago may
have had some effect). I don't know how good the key management is - I
keep meaning to ask Ken the next time I see him at a hamfest - but at
least the data is not sitting there for the taking by anyone with a PC,
a scanner, and some reasonably straightforward DOS software.
systems with the various federal and state criminal data base systems
such as NCIC and its successors that contain sensitive non public information
such as criminal histories and arrest records is supposed to be illegal.
It is not clear how completely this rule is observed.
nazis or fascists in the evil sense in the future will certainly make
very effective use of it to do evil.

@_date: 1996-03-11 05:21:21
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Another Motivation for the CDA (Federal Sentencing Guid 
this which points out that CA is unique in having a three strikes law
that does not require three violent felonies.  Apparently most other
states do require three serious violent felonies. Wilson (the CA
governer and would be presidential candidate) is claiming that the
extremely harsh CA law is reducing crime rates for two straight years
for the first time - but others point out that they have been falling
nationally, including in states without three strike laws.  The article
also points out that in a state with a 7% black population 43% of the
three time losers are black.
the law for marijuana possesion compared to 40 murderers, 25 rapists
and 24 kidnappers.

@_date: 1996-03-31 19:42:45
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [NOISE] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
descrambler back in 1986 was based on twidling with the timing and
electrical characteristics of the chip clock on the supposedly
tamperproof TMS 7000 crypto microprocessor until it stared to misexecute
instructions.  By chance, some PROM code that allowed reading the secret
seed keys used by each individual box to decode master keying messages
addressed to it happened to be a few instructions after some other code
normally accessible by issuing commands to the chip. One kept issuing
those commands while corrupting the clock until the chip misexecuted the
branch at the end of the public code and fell into the otherwise
inaccessible code that allowed access to the seed keys. cryptosystem defeat.  For a while, it was the standard method of
obtaining seed keys from VC-II boards.

@_date: 1996-10-04 19:39:37
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Pager security 
vulnerability as those in the UK.  No current paging systems use
any kind of serious encryption and all can be intercepted by using
a scanner, a very simple data detector consisting of one IC and an ordinary PC running appropriate software.
and am aware of at least four different individuals who have implemented
programs based in part on my description of the protocol - three of whom
have sold the product to the hobbiest market.

@_date: 1996-09-24 10:42:05
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Crypto Files in the BA Archives (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: Errors-To: listown at jackatak.theporch.com
Reply-To: jproc at worldlinx.com
Originator: boatanchors at theporch.com
Sender: boatanchors at theporch.com
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment: Amateur Radio Equipment Using Vacuum Tubes
Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Chameleon - TCP/IP for Windows by NetManage, Inc.
Dear BA'ers,
For those of you in the group who are interested in crypto gear, I have posted two files to the BA archives which discuss the KL7 off line crypto unit and the KWR-37 online crypto receiver. To obtain the files, send a message to:
listprocessor at theporch.com
In the body of the message type:
get boatanchors kl7.crypto.unit
get boatanchors kwr37.crypto.receiver
The second article is the one which will be submitted to AWA Old Timers Bulletin. BA'ers get to read it first.

@_date: 1997-04-06 22:18:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Crypto Dongel 
Hal Finney wrote :
almost all US government crypto gear, usually with prominent switches on
the front panel marked "zeroize" for emergencies.  And most all of this
gear has tamper switches that activate the zeroizing logic when any of
the covers of the equipment are removed - and often there is more than one
zeroize circuit in a system in case the primary one fails to work.
requirements for this feature in gear being designed for them, and one
can certainly see why it would be a requirement in military systems that
might have to be quickly rendered useless to an enemy in the moments before

@_date: 1997-04-08 20:41:34
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Black box attacks (was Re: Crypto-Dongel) 
Lucky Green wrote :
the sort of applications that might warrent it.   Granted that this
is a royal fire hazard unless very carefully engineered, but at least
it is not an explosive per se....  hardware methods that complement the key or whatever you are protecting
every few seconds.   But I can testify, as someone who has done hardware
design, that the memory effect is real and very pronounced... not a

@_date: 1997-02-03 22:53:10
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: FCPUNX:ecure Phones (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Reply-To: die at die.com
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL24alpha3]

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:26:02
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: FCPUNX:ecure Phones 
the major tactical medium security voice scrambling systems used
by the US in the 70's and 80's and even to a slight extent into
the 90's on military radio circuits.   The military version is
called Parkhill and the crypto gear is the KY-65 and KY-75.
traffic.  It was downgraded a couple of times since and is now
considered obselete and compromised.  A Parkhill crypto box
can be seen in the NSA museum...
backwards) and faster shuffling than this one does, and possibly
a more secure key generator.  But it is rumored to have been
broken by more than one opponent, perhaps including drug cartels.
that it interfaces to normal voice radio gear at the audio input
and output level rather than requiring different modulations and
complex digital modems integrated into the radio.  It also gives
pretty good speech quality and speaker recognition.
which takes advantage of modern DSP technology to implement modems
usable over radio links and vocoders which can produce acceptable
speech at 1200 or 2400 baud.

@_date: 1997-02-04 14:32:20
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: BA Crypto Machine Photos (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Message-Id: Errors-To: listown at jackatak.theporch.com
Reply-To: jproc at bellglobal.com
Originator: boatanchors at theporch.com
Sender: boatanchors at theporch.com
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment: Amateur Radio Equipment Using Vacuum Tubes
Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Chameleon - TCP/IP for Windows by NetManage, Inc.
Dear BA'ers,
Recently, I acquired some BA crypto machine photos courtesy of the Canadian Security Establishment. If anyone wants full size, selected, JPEG copies of these photos, please let me know and I can send them as attached files to E-mail. As a reminder, there are two stories beginning with the same file name in the BA archives which accompany the photos.
KL7.JPG     Colour 108 kbytes
KWR37.JPG   B & W   51 kbytes   BTW, does anyone know the meaning of 'order wire mode' in the context of a crypto broadcast? This mode is found in the KWR-37 online crypto receiver. Please send all photo requests or responses via private E-mail.

@_date: 1997-02-16 20:49:59
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Russian Sigint 
less used for long distance communications in the US.  Very little
traffic now flows over microwave links - fiber has so much higher
capacity and better data error characteristics that it has nearly
completely taken over long distance telephone and data communications. A typical microwave link can carry 45 or maybe 130 megabits per second
maximum per rf channel and maybe has 6 rf channels in use at a time
maximum whilst current fibers carry 1.5 Gigibits per fiber and can be
upgraded to 3.0 Gigabits easily and way more than 10 Gbs with current
WDM technology. Typical installed fiber routes have around 30 or more
fibers just because it is as easy to install that many as one.  backup for fiber routes and may not be carrying live traffic at all. Virtually every route that used to be microwave has now had one or more
fiber routes installed to replace it and if it hasn't they are planned
or being installed now.  At the best there are a few remote places where
installing fiber is impractical that still communicate with the world on
microwave links and there are a few microwave systems still in service
to carry certain vital national survival and security traffic where they
provide redundancy.
digital rather than fm-fdm-ssb.  These high capacity and bit rate 64-QAM
or 256-QAM signals are significantly harder to intercept and demodulate
and demultiplex than the FM signals used until the late 80's were.  This
is especially true of reception from sites that see only marginal
scattered signals rather than the direct beam, as digital radio tends to
not work at all with marginal signals rather than being just noisy.
telephone and data communications currently travel by microwave at any
point in their journey compared to more than 68% at the peak  of
microwave usage in the early 1980's.  And this figure is dropping
steadily over time as more and more fiber is put in service.
over the horizon is not possible except under truly extraordinary
propagation conditions and then only for brief periods of time with
gigantic antennas and from relatively nearby places.  And the  resultant
scattered signal is of very poor quality and getting usable high bit
rate data out of such scatter signals,  as would be required to
intercept common carrier traffic, is not easily possible.
see occasional microwave scatter traffic from southern Florida and the
Carribean on very good days.  This is hardly traffic from the entire
continental US and one can be very sure that the NSA and other agencies
responsible for thinking about US communications security have long ago
arranged in cooperation with the long distance carriers to ensure that
nothing of any great use was showing up.
can intercept - domestic and international satellite traffic from US
satellites with footprints that cover the Carribean and whatever radio
traffic is intercepted by Russian low orbit ferret satellites as they
pass over North America and by high orbit monitoring satellites parked
over the western hemisphere.
between points in the US is currently transmitted via satellite.  Fiber
is so much cheaper and better in quality that the carriers gave up
satellite transmission of domestic traffic some years ago.  There are
some compelling reasons for this - the long 240 ms delay in transmitting
traffic via geosynchronous satellite is very noticable to many humans in
the give and take of conversations, and without special protocol
provisions many data communications systems give horrible throughput
over links with that long a delay as well as giving unnacceptably long
echo delays in interactive applications.  And satellite bandwidths are
even less than terrestrial microwave bandwidths and compared to the vast
amount of fiber now in service are just a tiny fraction of the total.
to multipoint traffic such as credit card authorization systems for gas
stations and stores and distribution of video to TV stations and cable companies, and broadcasts of data to large numbers of receivers.  It is
rarely cheaper and more cost effective to put point to point traffic on
communications satellites.  And most of what is there is traffic sent by
private users of one sort or another such as large companies and
government agencies - much of which is securely encrypted if sensitive.
And that which is not encrypted is readily accessible to anyone with the
right commonly available equipment and a vanilla satellite dish of the
sort there are literally millions and millions of scattered throughout
the US, Canada and Mexico - the potential threat from this source dwarfs
what the Russians might do with the information (and is readily
controlled by link encryption).
routed via satellite as high capacity fiber trans-ocean cables are
installed.  I have seen numbers on the order of less than 10% satellite
transmission of international traffic and as new optical amplifier
cables are installed (which one can assume the UKUSA partners such as
the US NSA get the entire bitstream from) this number is also plunging.
And most international satellite communications can be monitored from
the other end and do not have to be monitored from near the US.
submarines have tapped the trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific cables
somewhere than that the Russians pick up satellite communications. One
hopes that the bitstreams on those cables are really securely link
encrypted - doing so would seem to be a no-brainer - but I have never
seen any reference to this being the practice.
post USSR era of economic collapse where Russia has not been able to
launch a single imaging spy satellite for several months and has no
usable ones in orbit, according to a recent NY Times story, is not
clear.  Russian satellites have generally had a much shorter useful life
in orbit than US satellites do and Russia and the Russian space program
has been pretty poor and disorganized for the last several years.  At
best such sigint satellites could conceivably be used  to monitor some
few domestic microwave links that happened to put a usable signal in the
direction of the satellite and were far enough away from other
transmitters on the same frequency to be separated by antenna
directivity enough to stand out.   While a satellite in geosynchronous
orbit could see all of North America, it is pretty certain that it could
see only a rather small fraction of modern digital microwave links well
enough to recover traffic from them.  And it is absolutely certain that
the capacity of the satellite to intercept and relay traffic is only a
few microwave links simultaneously at most.  This is hardly everything
or more than a small piece in fact.
optical links back to Lourdes rather than the Ka and higher frequency
band microwave links that US equivalents have used to pass the signals
they intercept, but one suspects that the relevant US agencies have
probably used whatever means were necessary to find these links and
determine what US traffic is being monitored and ensure that that
anything truly important was routed by fiber instead.
intercepting US satellite communications and as a conveniant place to
put a ground station for sigint and ferret satellites where  satellite
to satellite relay is not required to get the signals back to a ground
station.  If Lourdes were shut down most of the sigint functions of these
satellites could be operated from Russia using satellite to satellite
communications of one sort or another. The only major loss would be the
ability to intercept certain domestic communications satellite signals
which use focused beams and not readily intercepted from other places
where the Russians may have space to put antennas.  And one suspects
that the Russians could probably do most of this interception from
covert sites under cover as legitimate satellite installations in the US
and Canada or other Caribbean or Central American countries.
a significant fraction of US telecommunications simply because most US
telecommunications do not any longer travel via microwave radio. Lourdes undoubtably can intercept enough useful stuff to justify
continuing its operation, but this is partly because of blind US
government policy on encryption rather than anything else.  This
especially applies to cellular communications which can be intercepted
from satellites (and of course by anyone with a scanner or modified
cellphone as well).  How well even satellites with large 100 or 200 foot
dishes do at intercepting the dense network of US and other cellular
systems with hundreds of transmitters going at once on the same
frequency in the area of the footprint of the satellite receive antenna
at 800 mhz I do not know.  And tracking and identifying calls of
interest when the satellite can intercept only some cells on some
cellsites reliably must be fairly hard. more advanced design and capability than Russia and has for many more
years than the Russians have.   And it is widely reported that the US
has worldwide ground monitoring stations listening to essentially all
communications satellites in the Clarke orbit and probably any that
aren't that could possibly carry useful traffic.  Our capabilities and
technology and expenditure in this area is well beyond anyone elses.  Furthermore, according to the CSP, "it is believed that both the
satellites which for the most part have not any kind of protection
against such jamming.  Vital US military communications satellites do.
Successfully conducting man-in-the-middle attacks on terrestrial
microwave communications from Clarke orbit is difficult at the very very
best and probably essentially impossible simply because of the 240 ms
delay involved and the enormous difficulty of sucessfully interjecting
the right kind of signal into a microwave link that uses highly
directional antennas and modulation techniques that are amplitude
sensitive such as QAM.   And one can certainly assume that the US is
carefully watching Russian sigint satellites at all times and would
certainly know immediately if they started radiating enough signal to
disrupt or spoof US communications systems.
encryption keys and spectral signatures of speakers and call addressing
and routing information (traffic analysis) that can be used to good
advantage in later active man-in-the-middle attacks.  And one can
certainly assume that the Russians and many other governments including
the US have spent considerable effort developing active penetration and
disruption capablity.  It has even been reported that the US has been
using this to force network traffic to be routed in Europe via facilities the US can monitor.
abandon sigint operations they can and will start to do the same to us. And ours are greater in magnitude and productivity than theirs.
purposes is stabilizing and not altogether a bad thing.  Many of us who
are at least dimly aware of the technology fear its potential in the
hands of a future fascist police state greatly, but one suspects that
the Russians do not use the information effectively to damage US
interests.  After all we are the top economic and  military power in the
world and they are nearly in third world status economicly and have a
rapidly deteriorating military.  Perhaps the greatest risk from their
Soviet era sigint capabilities is that information will leak from
starved intelligence agency employees  and officials to the Russian
criminal mafias and benefit organized crime. There is certainly
potential there for mischief, especially considering that a good amount
of criminally useful information flows unencrypted over radio
communications in the US.
the Russian sigint capability I would be pushing for more use of
encryption in domestic commercial communications and especially such
things as cellphones and wireless data systems.  Universal link
encryption with secure ciphers of such radio based communications
systems  should not impact lawful interception of communications one
iota since the  government can always request wiretaps using their
spiffy new digital telephony tapping capablity.  The carriers would
always have access to the unencrypted traffic after all and could
forward it to the government. And many of us think that end-to-end
encryption of traffic is a better choice in the long run than no
encryption, even if it locks out the government (and everyone else) from
easily, and in large quantities, fishing through traffic.  One supposes
that the government will always be able to obtain most traffic it wants
badly enough, through cryptanalysis, TEMPEST, rubber hose cryptanalysis,
black bag jobs, bugging, and the perfidy of informants of one sort or
another, and of course most of all - carelessness and ignorance about
INFOSEC and bugs and configuration problems in software.
intelligence capability to monitor US intentions and perhaps allowing
them some access will keep them from developing paraniod fears of US
intentions.  The Russians probably still have a few working ICBMs after
semi-retired telecommunications/computer engineer such as myself with
access only to public information gets the picture completely wrong. And perhaps not. I do know it is definately and without a doubt not true
that more and more domestic communications flow over microwave point to
point radio, however.  And I think that anyone propagating that myth
deserves a correction.

@_date: 1997-02-16 20:53:20
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Modified Clipper chip - HA! (fwd) 
I don't know whether this guy knows it or not but mainland China buys huge
quanities of DoD surplus scrap electronics. The material is required to be
mutilated but stuff slips through. I have seen it myself. The little bit on
X-files noted above is not as far fetched as one might believe.
<:>       Jim Conrad - Ocean View Communications - jjc at infi.net      <:>
<:>  757-490-8127 Office  -  757-587-8251 Fax - 757-473-6740 Pager   <:>

@_date: 1997-02-16 21:41:14
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Modified Clipper chip - HA! (fwd) 
I don't know whether this guy knows it or not but mainland China buys huge
quanities of DoD surplus scrap electronics. The material is required to be
mutilated but stuff slips through. I have seen it myself. The little bit on
X-files noted above is not as far fetched as one might believe.
<:>       Jim Conrad - Ocean View Communications - jjc at infi.net      <:>
<:>  757-490-8127 Office  -  757-587-8251 Fax - 757-473-6740 Pager   <:>

@_date: 1997-02-16 21:41:25
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Russian Sigint 
less used for long distance communications in the US.  Very little
traffic now flows over microwave links - fiber has so much higher
capacity and better data error characteristics that it has nearly
completely taken over long distance telephone and data communications. A typical microwave link can carry 45 or maybe 130 megabits per second
maximum per rf channel and maybe has 6 rf channels in use at a time
maximum whilst current fibers carry 1.5 Gigibits per fiber and can be
upgraded to 3.0 Gigabits easily and way more than 10 Gbs with current
WDM technology. Typical installed fiber routes have around 30 or more
fibers just because it is as easy to install that many as one.  backup for fiber routes and may not be carrying live traffic at all. Virtually every route that used to be microwave has now had one or more
fiber routes installed to replace it and if it hasn't they are planned
or being installed now.  At the best there are a few remote places where
installing fiber is impractical that still communicate with the world on
microwave links and there are a few microwave systems still in service
to carry certain vital national survival and security traffic where they
provide redundancy.
digital rather than fm-fdm-ssb.  These high capacity and bit rate 64-QAM
or 256-QAM signals are significantly harder to intercept and demodulate
and demultiplex than the FM signals used until the late 80's were.  This
is especially true of reception from sites that see only marginal
scattered signals rather than the direct beam, as digital radio tends to
not work at all with marginal signals rather than being just noisy.
telephone and data communications currently travel by microwave at any
point in their journey compared to more than 68% at the peak  of
microwave usage in the early 1980's.  And this figure is dropping
steadily over time as more and more fiber is put in service.
over the horizon is not possible except under truly extraordinary
propagation conditions and then only for brief periods of time with
gigantic antennas and from relatively nearby places.  And the  resultant
scattered signal is of very poor quality and getting usable high bit
rate data out of such scatter signals,  as would be required to
intercept common carrier traffic, is not easily possible.
see occasional microwave scatter traffic from southern Florida and the
Carribean on very good days.  This is hardly traffic from the entire
continental US and one can be very sure that the NSA and other agencies
responsible for thinking about US communications security have long ago
arranged in cooperation with the long distance carriers to ensure that
nothing of any great use was showing up.
can intercept - domestic and international satellite traffic from US
satellites with footprints that cover the Carribean and whatever radio
traffic is intercepted by Russian low orbit ferret satellites as they
pass over North America and by high orbit monitoring satellites parked
over the western hemisphere.
between points in the US is currently transmitted via satellite.  Fiber
is so much cheaper and better in quality that the carriers gave up
satellite transmission of domestic traffic some years ago.  There are
some compelling reasons for this - the long 240 ms delay in transmitting
traffic via geosynchronous satellite is very noticable to many humans in
the give and take of conversations, and without special protocol
provisions many data communications systems give horrible throughput
over links with that long a delay as well as giving unnacceptably long
echo delays in interactive applications.  And satellite bandwidths are
even less than terrestrial microwave bandwidths and compared to the vast
amount of fiber now in service are just a tiny fraction of the total.
to multipoint traffic such as credit card authorization systems for gas
stations and stores and distribution of video to TV stations and cable companies, and broadcasts of data to large numbers of receivers.  It is
rarely cheaper and more cost effective to put point to point traffic on
communications satellites.  And most of what is there is traffic sent by
private users of one sort or another such as large companies and
government agencies - much of which is securely encrypted if sensitive.
And that which is not encrypted is readily accessible to anyone with the
right commonly available equipment and a vanilla satellite dish of the
sort there are literally millions and millions of scattered throughout
the US, Canada and Mexico - the potential threat from this source dwarfs
what the Russians might do with the information (and is readily
controlled by link encryption).
routed via satellite as high capacity fiber trans-ocean cables are
installed.  I have seen numbers on the order of less than 10% satellite
transmission of international traffic and as new optical amplifier
cables are installed (which one can assume the UKUSA partners such as
the US NSA get the entire bitstream from) this number is also plunging.
And most international satellite communications can be monitored from
the other end and do not have to be monitored from near the US.
submarines have tapped the trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific cables
somewhere than that the Russians pick up satellite communications. One
hopes that the bitstreams on those cables are really securely link
encrypted - doing so would seem to be a no-brainer - but I have never
seen any reference to this being the practice.
post USSR era of economic collapse where Russia has not been able to
launch a single imaging spy satellite for several months and has no
usable ones in orbit, according to a recent NY Times story, is not
clear.  Russian satellites have generally had a much shorter useful life
in orbit than US satellites do and Russia and the Russian space program
has been pretty poor and disorganized for the last several years.  At
best such sigint satellites could conceivably be used  to monitor some
few domestic microwave links that happened to put a usable signal in the
direction of the satellite and were far enough away from other
transmitters on the same frequency to be separated by antenna
directivity enough to stand out.   While a satellite in geosynchronous
orbit could see all of North America, it is pretty certain that it could
see only a rather small fraction of modern digital microwave links well
enough to recover traffic from them.  And it is absolutely certain that
the capacity of the satellite to intercept and relay traffic is only a
few microwave links simultaneously at most.  This is hardly everything
or more than a small piece in fact.
optical links back to Lourdes rather than the Ka and higher frequency
band microwave links that US equivalents have used to pass the signals
they intercept, but one suspects that the relevant US agencies have
probably used whatever means were necessary to find these links and
determine what US traffic is being monitored and ensure that that
anything truly important was routed by fiber instead.
intercepting US satellite communications and as a conveniant place to
put a ground station for sigint and ferret satellites where  satellite
to satellite relay is not required to get the signals back to a ground
station.  If Lourdes were shut down most of the sigint functions of these
satellites could be operated from Russia using satellite to satellite
communications of one sort or another. The only major loss would be the
ability to intercept certain domestic communications satellite signals
which use focused beams and not readily intercepted from other places
where the Russians may have space to put antennas.  And one suspects
that the Russians could probably do most of this interception from
covert sites under cover as legitimate satellite installations in the US
and Canada or other Caribbean or Central American countries.
a significant fraction of US telecommunications simply because most US
telecommunications do not any longer travel via microwave radio. Lourdes undoubtably can intercept enough useful stuff to justify
continuing its operation, but this is partly because of blind US
government policy on encryption rather than anything else.  This
especially applies to cellular communications which can be intercepted
from satellites (and of course by anyone with a scanner or modified
cellphone as well).  How well even satellites with large 100 or 200 foot
dishes do at intercepting the dense network of US and other cellular
systems with hundreds of transmitters going at once on the same
frequency in the area of the footprint of the satellite receive antenna
at 800 mhz I do not know.  And tracking and identifying calls of
interest when the satellite can intercept only some cells on some
cellsites reliably must be fairly hard. more advanced design and capability than Russia and has for many more
years than the Russians have.   And it is widely reported that the US
has worldwide ground monitoring stations listening to essentially all
communications satellites in the Clarke orbit and probably any that
aren't that could possibly carry useful traffic.  Our capabilities and
technology and expenditure in this area is well beyond anyone elses.  Furthermore, according to the CSP, "it is believed that both the
satellites which for the most part have not any kind of protection
against such jamming.  Vital US military communications satellites do.
Successfully conducting man-in-the-middle attacks on terrestrial
microwave communications from Clarke orbit is difficult at the very very
best and probably essentially impossible simply because of the 240 ms
delay involved and the enormous difficulty of sucessfully interjecting
the right kind of signal into a microwave link that uses highly
directional antennas and modulation techniques that are amplitude
sensitive such as QAM.   And one can certainly assume that the US is
carefully watching Russian sigint satellites at all times and would
certainly know immediately if they started radiating enough signal to
disrupt or spoof US communications systems.
encryption keys and spectral signatures of speakers and call addressing
and routing information (traffic analysis) that can be used to good
advantage in later active man-in-the-middle attacks.  And one can
certainly assume that the Russians and many other governments including
the US have spent considerable effort developing active penetration and
disruption capablity.  It has even been reported that the US has been
using this to force network traffic to be routed in Europe via facilities the US can monitor.
abandon sigint operations they can and will start to do the same to us. And ours are greater in magnitude and productivity than theirs.
purposes is stabilizing and not altogether a bad thing.  Many of us who
are at least dimly aware of the technology fear its potential in the
hands of a future fascist police state greatly, but one suspects that
the Russians do not use the information effectively to damage US
interests.  After all we are the top economic and  military power in the
world and they are nearly in third world status economicly and have a
rapidly deteriorating military.  Perhaps the greatest risk from their
Soviet era sigint capabilities is that information will leak from
starved intelligence agency employees  and officials to the Russian
criminal mafias and benefit organized crime. There is certainly
potential there for mischief, especially considering that a good amount
of criminally useful information flows unencrypted over radio
communications in the US.
the Russian sigint capability I would be pushing for more use of
encryption in domestic commercial communications and especially such
things as cellphones and wireless data systems.  Universal link
encryption with secure ciphers of such radio based communications
systems  should not impact lawful interception of communications one
iota since the  government can always request wiretaps using their
spiffy new digital telephony tapping capablity.  The carriers would
always have access to the unencrypted traffic after all and could
forward it to the government. And many of us think that end-to-end
encryption of traffic is a better choice in the long run than no
encryption, even if it locks out the government (and everyone else) from
easily, and in large quantities, fishing through traffic.  One supposes
that the government will always be able to obtain most traffic it wants
badly enough, through cryptanalysis, TEMPEST, rubber hose cryptanalysis,
black bag jobs, bugging, and the perfidy of informants of one sort or
another, and of course most of all - carelessness and ignorance about
INFOSEC and bugs and configuration problems in software.
intelligence capability to monitor US intentions and perhaps allowing
them some access will keep them from developing paraniod fears of US
intentions.  The Russians probably still have a few working ICBMs after
semi-retired telecommunications/computer engineer such as myself with
access only to public information gets the picture completely wrong. And perhaps not. I do know it is definately and without a doubt not true
that more and more domestic communications flow over microwave point to
point radio, however.  And I think that anyone propagating that myth
deserves a correction.

@_date: 1997-07-02 14:55:08
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Degaussing 
Lucky Green wrote :
federal hard drives, including some from NSA computers, were sold surplus unerased with significant sensitive information still intact on
them (I know personally of once such incident of many).
rendered  unreadable and not just signed off on by some bored low paid
clerk charged with demilitizing them who didn't want to bother to figure
out how to erase them.  The problem here is that a destroyed disk is
obviously  unreadable to even the most dumb and unmotivated clerk with a
GED, while a merely erased disk looks just exactly like  one full of
sensitive information - actually verifying that the information is in
fact entirely gone requires a lot of technical skill and is subject to
all kinds of false positives (how about sectors that contained sensitive
stuff and then were later marked bad and swapped with alternates, for
example ? )
secrets is in the trash and surplus equipment and document disposal
practices of the target rather than advanced mathematics.   And most
technical people pay as little attention as they possibly can to what
happens with the old floppies left by Joe who quit to take a new job
or what happened to Sallie's old hard drive after she got the new computer, or whether the old backup tapes really are all fully accounted
for or were thrown out in the move...
revenue by not selling old disks intact any more.

@_date: 1997-07-07 06:06:09
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Hack the Mars rover (fwd) 
Jim Choate wrote :
is very large.  So a very large dish is required to have sufficient G/T
to see readable data.  Most NASA deep space stations use 85 foot dishes
and some also have 300 footers.   Without that kind of antenna gain one
is not going to see anything at all, and without that kind of gain on
the command uplink as well as a multi KW high power microwave amplifier
to feed the dish one is not going to be able to put enough signal into
Mars to do anything.
of anyone who might be attempting to hack a NASA spacecraft.   Such an
antenna is simply not your back yard satellite dish....  they cost more
than a million dollars and are major construction projects.
hardened crypto chips and related ground equipment to every US satellite
manufacturer and operator for at least the last 15 years for use in
protecting the command uplinks against unauthorized access.   One can be
quite sure that NASA has used these, or if they haven't has good reason
to believe they don't have to.
break into a NASA terrestrial communications link associated with the
Deep Space Network (some links use satellite communications for example
and others microwave links) and access the command uplink systems of a
NASA DSN site.  Whether they have fully secured all of these against
such attack is unclear.  Obviously good old secret key encryption would
work here, and there certainly is a lot of command validation done at
the uplink before the command is sent, so whoever was doing this would
have to have great in-depth knowlage of the command uplink system and
the spacecraft itself.
information from them is relatively easily accomplished once the hard
part  (obtaining the G/T required) is somehow handled.  NASA tends to
use very straightforward modulations and FEC and does not encrypt the
downlinks.   And a fair amount of detail about the data formats is
publicly available.

@_date: 1997-07-07 11:24:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Hack the Mars rover (fwd) 
Steve Schear wrote :
uplink to illuminate a geo satellite with significant antenna gain
toward it's footprint.   Commercial uplinks are usually in the 20 to
500 watt power class going into the feed, whereas the DSN has 5 and
10 kw capability into much larger dishes (30 meter versus 6 to 9 meter).
with enough rf power from some point on the ground in line of sight to a
DSN dish to  completely overwhelm the signal from the bird.   and probably DF'd fairly rapidly.  It would be unlikely one could knock
out the downlink for very long without being located (and vigorously
earth station and given the high priority of the mission the most
likely thing would just be to switch stations to one a third of
the way around the globe or more.   Would obviously be a nuisance
and get some people very mad, but since the ground stations fail
from natural causes from time to time such a handover would be
fairly routine.
use QPSK or BPSK (mostly QPSK) which is about as power efficient - using FEC, vitirbi soft decision detection  and non differential coding
- as any possible modulation would be irrespective of bandwidth.
That is to say for a given data rate and carrier power to noise temp
ratio there is no modulation that would yield a better BER irrespective
of bandwith used.
  Without
bit rate to the underlying data bit rate for a direct sequence spread
spectrum signal. There is very little to be gained by using spread
signals rather than  non spread signals in this application except
perhaps very accurate ranging information. They do not make sending k
bits per second with BER less than e bits second any easier.   There has
been some use of spreading sequences for ranging in the DSN, but I do
not know whether the pathfinder mission used that mode.
jam with noise or cw carriers, but even assuming side lobes -80db down
from the main lobe (really hard to do) a jammer working from nearby would
not need to be putting out a lot of power to overload the receiver
and correllators.
, which is very unlikely
other monitors.
is certainly possible.

@_date: 1997-07-07 12:44:09
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: NOISE jamming... 
Steve Schear wrote :
including much designed to work from airborne platforms that would
likely be deployed as soon as possible.   Seen from the air coordinated
jammers would  likely be widely separted spacially even if they weren't
as seen from the DSN antenna.  And an airborne platform can get very
much closer to one emitter (where its signal predominates) than others
making separating its energy from the rest much easier.
timing and using multiple sites would be something that undoubtably
would knock out a station for a while as countermeasures to such an
attack are not part of operational plans for civilian science research
ground sites.   But many of those sites have several dishes of various
sizes with feeds at the downlink frequency and a dish with 50 or 60 db
of gain and tenth of a degree beamwidth would do fairly well at
isolating a single jammer azimuth and elevation by searching for and
pointing right at it. Perhaps it even would be possible to use two
dishes separted by enough distance to trianglulate.
science (mixed with a bit of budget sales pitch) why not rent a
Rider truck loaded with ANFO ? or a HERF device ?  or simply
start shooting at the antenna with a heavy gauge machine gun ?
cables connecting the site with the NASA network using nothing more than
a ordinary shovel and a bolt cutter in some out of the way spot.  Many
cable routes are well marked... and you could dress up as the gas
company or water and sewer department and nobody would think twice about
seeing you dig a hole by the side of the road.
because it supplies a very accurate high resolution ranging yardstick
(as in the case of GPS which works exactly that way).
various antennas and DF receivers that can do this sort of thing.
And they can fly any pattern that might be useful and look for interesting
visual, passive IR, and side looking radar observable objects on the ground.
Obtaining a rough (degree or so) direction on the jammers would be fairly easy using standard EMI horn and dish antennas or the automated
equivalent on military ELINT vehicles unless the jammers were using
very many sites closely spaced together and phase and frequency coherent signals from all the sites.   And certainly sweeping the horizon
with a big dish would likely yield significant location information
simply becuase of the very narrow beam width of the dish's main lobe.

@_date: 1997-07-25 11:16:40
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Fortezza dying on the vine? 
Lucky Green wrote :
I presume this is for UNCLASS traffic and not anything in any way
sensitive ?   Of course PGP, when properly used, doesn't allow any
other agencies to monitor the coms, while Fortezza may - and this
may be a quite deliberate move by some in state to protect their cables
from being read by beaurocratic rivals...

@_date: 1997-07-25 13:02:03
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Another vulnerability 
With Intel, Hackers Check In When Bugs Check Out By Alexander Wolfe
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Intel's BIOS Update technology to quickly
fix bugs that crop up in its microprocessors without having to recall
chips may contain a Trojan horse -- a hole that could potentially enable
hackers to wreak havoc on the company's CPUs -- said a BIOS expert
familiar with the technology.However, other industry experts said they
believe Intel is staking out a pace-setting position with its
technology. They give the semiconductor giant kudos for using BIOS
Update to reduce the impact of bugs in the face of a verification crisis
makes it increasingly difficult to ensure that microprocessors with tens
millions of transistors are validated and free of flaws.
BIOS Update is a hidden feature that can fix bugs in Pentium Pro and
Pentium II CPUs by patching the microcode inside the microprocessor.
When the processor boots up, the BIOS loads the patches, which are
contained in a 2,048-byte-long BIOS Update data block that is supplied
by Intel.
"The problem is, the BIOS cannot verify whether the BIOS Update data
block contains real microcode or not," claimed one BIOS expert, who
requested anonymity. "As long as the header and the checksum are okay,
the BIOS will load that microcode into the microprocessor. Some hacker
could actually wipe out microcode in the CPU. There is nothing that can
prevent this."
Intel doesn't see such a scenario as a realistic threat, pointing to the
that the BIOS Update data block is encrypted. "We've spent quite a lot
of time thinking about such scenarios to make sure we had sufficient
mechanisms in place so you couldn't introduce your own flavor of BIOS
Update into the processor," said Ajay Malhortra, a technical marketing
manager based here at Intel's microprocessor group. "Not only is the
data block containing the microcode patch encrypted, but once the
processor examines the header of the BIOS update, there are two levels
of encryption in the processor that must occur before it will
load the update."
But Intel's biggest security feature may lie in keeping the technical
behind its BIOS Update technology a closely guarded secret. "There is
no documentation," said Frank Binns, an architect in Intel's
microprocessor group. "It's not as if you can get an Intel 'Red Book'
this stuff written down. It's actually in the heads of less than 10
people in
the whole of Intel."
However, some experts remain unconvinced. "This is just like any other
technology -- if you want to reverse-engineer it, you can," said Ed
president of Lone Star Evaluation Laboratories, a Georgetown, Texas
microprocessor benchmarking and testing company. "You can do it by
brute force, or a hacker could obtain information from someone inside
company or someone who had access to the documentation."
Indeed, Curry, who said he's made presentations on computer-security
issues to the U.S. Defense Department, said he believes microprocessor
hardware in general is much more vulnerable to hacking than is commonly
"This is the big hole in our government security programs," he said.
don't look at hardware as well as they should; they only look at
This goes beyond desktop computers. You have to remember that
microprocessors are now embedded in our weapons systems."
Nevertheless, it's widely believed that it would be tough for a hacker
fake a complete microcode patch, in no small measure because it's also
very difficult to obtain documentation that details the internal
representation -- word widths and usage of all the bits -- of Pentium
microcode. In the era of the 8086 and 8088, microcode documentation
was readily available. But such information is provided to selected
developers only under tight nondisclosure restrictions. "It's a tightly
secret," Intel's Binns said.
New-Tech Jitters
However, it is seen as more feasible for a hacker to successfully fake
header and checksum portion of the BIOS Update data block --
something that could still cause the microprocessor to crash or lock up.
According to another BIOS expert, talk of potential Trojan horses might
be nothing more than jitters about new technology. "This is a new thing
the market," said the expert, who likened it to the early days of flash
"There was a great fear factor when the industry started using flash
BIOSes," he said, "where concerns were raised that somebody could go
in and destroy a system by flashing in a new BIOS containing an errant
piece of code. I think today there's a fear that someone will play
with this BIOS Update feature and try to cause havoc with Intel's
As an added security precaution, some BIOS manufacturers limit access
to their software. "As a matter of policy, we don't make our BIOS code
available to anyone other than a system vendor or motherboard
manufacturer," said Thomas Benoit, corporate marketing manager at
BIOS vendor Phoenix Technologies, Natick, Mass. "We don't believe
anyone should be twiddling the bits in our BIOS code."
Irrespective of Trojan horse scenarios, many experts see Intel's
bug-busting technology as a boon. "This feature benefits everyone -- it
shouldn't be viewed as a liability, but as an asset," said Mark Huffman,
marketing manager at American Megatrends, in Norcross, Ga. "It allows
you to be able to update your processor without pulling it out of the
system. Obviously, you can flash in a new BIOS a lot quicker than you
can pop the case, pop the CPU and wait for a replacement."
Indeed, BIOS Update has already been successfully used in the field to
fix glitches in Pentium Pro-class CPUs, according to an Intel spokesman
and to sources at several major BIOS vendors.
"Yes, it is used," said an engineer at one vendor. "I personally know of
five different things in the Pentium Pro related to multiprocessing,
management interrupt and other areas."
"I think it'll be very useful," Phoenix Technology's Benoit said. "It's
really to Intel's benefit that BIOS vendors are implementing this
"It's a very good feature," said Laurent Gharda, vice president of
marketing at BIOS vendor Award Software International, in Mountain
View, Calif. "The downside is going to be lower performance, perhaps.
But the upside is avoiding a chip recall, as took place a few years
Intel's Pentium was recalled in January 1995 following the revelation of
bug in the processor's floating-point divide operations.
Moreover, some say BIOS Update may signal the start of an
industrywide trend. "These new Pentium-class clone CPUs that have
recently been announced -- like the Centaur microprocessor -- they're
going to do the same type of process," said Huffman at American
Megatrends. Centaur -- officially the IDT-C6 -- is made by Centaur
Technology, an Austin, Texas-based subsidiary of Integrated Device
Technology. It was introduced in May and delivered to beta customers in
Taiwan last month.
At Centaur, a spokesman said, "The current silicon we are sampling has
that capability, but in the production version of the chip we are
the feature, because it necessitates an increased die size."
As a result, any bugs that crop up will have to be fixed via a mask

@_date: 1997-06-02 13:01:41
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Paul Pomes wrote :
certainly most important,  LEAs have a long track record of illegal, or
at least unofficial, warrentless interceptions.  And they have bought
lots of high end scanners (ask any ICOM dealer).  Interception via the
Digital Telephony mandated interfaces is supposed to handled by a telco
employee  under the Digital Telephony act provisions and as such is
logged and on record, whilst nobody is the wiser about radio link
interceptions.   And it is a lot easier to get a wiretap warrent when
you've already got some evidence from a "very reliable confidential
informant". I don't doubt that the NSA and CIA and other related
agencies have  methods of using backdoors in switch and cross connect
software to bypass the Telco people who are supposed to be logging the
wiretap, but law enforcement in general is much less apt to have access
to these highly sensitive and classified entry points which necessarily
are closely guarded.  elsewhere, even though the hardware is the same or similar.
IP connectivity in its various flavors may help, but then you get into
the worst case latency and related queueing issues that makes data type
connections unpleasant for high quality voice.  And the person using the
cellphone has to have an external encryption and vocoding box even
though the phone has all this built in.   Of course it would have been
possible to  accomadate this if there had been a market.... to end service connecting to existing encrypting digital cellphones
based on letting the party at the POTS end, armed with suitable software
on a PC, decrypt and demodulate the voice. The carrier would merely pass
standard encrypted voice packets back and forth between the cellphone
and the PC, persumably over a standard wireline modem to the PC. Might
be rather strange, but modern PC hardware should be able to handle this
kind of compute load easily.  I don't know if there is any provision in
current cellphone firmware for negotiating a voice privacy key in such a
way that the carrier would not know it, but I suppose that something
could be developed.
that would complete a special class of data connection to the POTS end
and shovel the existing vocoded voice packets back and forth under a DH
negotioted key.  For the cell carrier this would be a special (low
latency, fixed bandwidth, in order delivery) grade of data connection
which could be used for all kinds of things, but for the cellphone user
it would obviate the need for an external secure telephone and would
allow even small hand held digital cellphones to communicate securely
end to end. And the POTS end could be either a PC or a secure handset
based on cellphone technology that would be also useful for secure
calls on wireline connections.

@_date: 1997-06-12 09:22:32
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: IRS T-Pole Surveillance 
Michael  F. Reusch wrote :
common means of diguising federal video surveillance gear.  Most
people don't know enough about what is on the wires and poles near
them to tell the difference, which is often subtle but obvious to
someone technically trained - things like pole pig transformers
that have no HV connection to the distribution wires...  or cable
line amplifiers not actually connected to a cable trunk line or
of a different type than the rest of the system.   Closer examination
will often disclose a little window with a lens behind it, which
of course is uncommon on regular pole pigs...
standard microwave bands (1.7 ghz 2.2 ghz 2.4, 5.3 ghz etc) used for much
federal bugging.   No attempt is usually made to scramble the signal, so if you have the right microwave receivers (some European
satellite receivers cover this band for example), you too can watch
some mafia don go into and out of his house....  TV stations have
occasionally  discovered these signals on their remote pickup
antennas for live newsfeeds from remote trucks - many of these operate
nearby in frequency from tall buildings or TV towers with huge line
of sight coverage and bored techs sometimes tune up and down the
band to see what they find ....
bugs for sale at the Dayton Ham flea market.  I didn't buy it,
but it was an interesting curio.

@_date: 1997-06-12 15:41:40
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: PKCS-11 vs. CDSA APIs 
Lucky Green wrote :
enforces social policies and perhaps also provides "sovereign right of
lawful access" to you know who...
controls key management also nearly impossible to modify (presuming that
the encryption is not just XOR'd with the instruction stream  which
would allow trivial modification once the instructions were decrypted). That combination is nice for copyright enforcement, but sure has some
nasty other uses and is a fundemental enabling technology for such
future statist possiblities as restrictions on running modified or
unapproved software without a license to do so - a software developers
license say, or the old Internet drivers license. PCs would only allow software that management approved to run - there
would be a huge market for such in fact... and probably a lot of the
public would willingly buy machines that would only run approved
software if they could pay less for the software or access first run
movies or other candy unavailable on free machines.
sheeple do with their computers that does not depend on  hard encrypted
code in both OS and application - code that is decrypted only inside the
silicon of the CPU with precautions taken to make access to the
decrypted streams very difficult and expensive for hardware probers. Years of trying other methods have failed to produce something practical
from a cost and security standpoint; there are just too many smart and
persistant people around who will find a means of attacking anything
that is exposed.   revenue lost to software  pirates and additional sales of copyright works
that don't happen because the owners aren't happy if it is even remotely
possible to obtain pirate copies.  And money talks, and with those levels
of dollars involved one can expect a lot of things to happen, especially
in the current DC climate, and with the possiblity that such technology
will both provide the protection of intellectual property that the
big money interests want and the social control and surveillance that
the fascists want.
is very hard and the attempt may fail,  the bad thing is that there very
well may be draconian laws that make any attempt to understand or modify the code running on one's computer a serious felony and people
may be locked up for years for just trying to determine what a program
is doing to them.  There have already been attempts to create these

@_date: 1997-06-20 06:22:05
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: HACKERS SMASH U.S. GOVERNMENT ENCRYPTION 
Bill Stewart wrote :
a  compiled custom chip deeply pipelined enough to try one key per
clock.  And ASICs running at 200 mhz aren't that uncommon these days.  That is one key every 5 nanoseconds, or .2 billion keys a second, thus
only aout 40  of these chips ( a medium size board's worth which could
sit in a single  PC slot) could equal the maximum rate the huge
distributed cracked attained as documented in  Sameer's press release.

@_date: 1997-03-11 21:24:48
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: U.S. State Department crackdown (fwd) 
Jim Conrad wrote >
Message-Id: <2.2.16.19970312001929.4db72c86 at mailhost.norfolk.infi.net>
X-Sender: jjc at mailhost.norfolk.infi.net
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 2.2 (16)
Mime-Version: 1.0
        crisp at netcom.com, victor at best.com,
        "Michael F. Peyton" , dwilson at paprika.mwc.edu,
        stever at infi.net, rbritt at visi.net, larry51 at aol.com, jmccolman at infi.net,
        brueger at infi.net, lburke at infi.net, donjr at infi.net, acolejr at erols.com
Thought you'all might find this interesting ...
analysis and
<:>       Jim Conrad - Ocean View Communications - jjc at infi.net      <:>
<:>  757-490-8127 Office  -  757-587-8251 Fax - 757-473-6740 Pager   <:>

@_date: 1997-05-25 10:52:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Beware of encrypted processors bearing gifts... 
Lucky Green wrote :
x86 product will be) of machines with processors that support encrypted
instruction sets and associated smart cards deeply disquieting.
the insertion of autonomous encrypted 'little brothers', into operating
systems and perhaps major net applications such as web browsers as
well..  These 'little brother' observers could be made completely opaque
to even determined and sophisticated users - with encrypted code and the
potential for encryption of all their data it would require breaking the
encryption for an independant entity to understand what such an agent
was doing and who it was doing it for.  And by making support of such
agents part of the encrypted inner ring of an OS (Win99?), it might be very nearly impossible to run the OS without the agent or agents present
and operating properly.   And as more and more PCs are net connected,
such agents would not need to operate entirely autonomously, as they
could communicate over encrypted links with their Big Brother somewhere
mechanism for secret, black box, unknowable and unalterable code to run
on the worlds personal computers is very significant.  Up to now it has
been possible, with effort and skill and intelligence, to determine what
the code of any OS or application did by decompiling it, or use of
software ICEs, debuggers, and even hardware monitors such as ICE's and
logic analyzers. Presumably an encrypted Intel processor will reveal
these secrets only to a very limited group of trusted developers, and
perhaps even then only information about the application or layer the
person is authorized to work on.
ability to alter it has so far detered most attempts to put unfriendly
agents into OS or applications code.  It has  been too easy to discover
them, and too easy to disable them for this to be a really effective
tool of social control, as witnessed by the failure of generations of
copy protection schemes.  But a truly secure encrypted processor changes
things a lot - both understanding what the code does and  modifying it
become near impossible.
of such entities to control and perhaps even largely eliminate software
piracy and other theft of intellectual property, the potential uses of
secure agents to implement more sinister social policy are frightening.
was part of the OS and  a smart card and software at an ISP could be
used to enforce an internet drivers license law for  example, with no
packets being forwarded by the ISP without hard  authentication (even up
to biometrics) of the user.  And it would be rather trivial to disallow
use of "unapproved" software to communicate over the net, making
enforcement of GAK much more complete.  One could even use such a
mechanism to forbid use of any  uncertified software on a net connected
machine, thus making it rather hard to use such rogue applications as
near impossible, adding a Digital Telephony style watcher that could be
turned on via an encrypted packet from the net to record the user's
actions and what he typed or even access encryption keys or plaintext of
encrypted traffic would simply require collusion between the OS supplier
and the government, perhaps under pressure of antitrust enforcement or
other suitable incentivization.  Discovering that such a secret trojan
was in the encrypted inner kernal code would not be easy, especially if
it was only used rarely...
becomes encrypted and opaque, it gets easier and easier for a trojan
created not by a Big Brother state, but by criminal elements or foreign or
industrial spies, to hide amidst all the other layers of encrypted
code, safe from being detected by all but the few in possesion of the
master keys or special hardware required to understand what was going

@_date: 1997-10-02 03:25:05
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Encrypting Pagers is Easy!   [Overview, technical tradeoffs,  crypto] 
Bill Stewart wrote :
same CAVE or A5 encryption as encrypts the rest of the call setup, but
don't have the IS standards handy here to check.  At the very least it
would be much more complex to intercept than regular beeper paging
because of the much more complex signal multiplexing and modulation. Regular POCSAG paging is simple FSK, receivable on an umodified scanner,
whilst CDMA and TDMA tranmissions require special demodulator hardware
and DSP software not available at Radio Shack (except as modifiable
phones).   But more significant, like REFLEX, the system generally knows
where a specific mobile phone is located and sends the paging only to
that cell site whereas regional and national paging systems used with
conventional beepers send the message to tens to hundreds of
transmitters scattered all over the place making it possible to
intercept messages at locations far removed from the intended recipiant
(continent wide in the case of the satellite feeds for the paging
transmitters used by many regional and national paging carriers).
for sending paging data over the rf link.  They are not an operating
system.  Motorola does offer implementations of these protocols
integrated with a real time OS, but properly they are link protocols and
not an OS.  Much of the common carrier paging infrastructure in the US
is being converted to flex on the existing VHF and UHF narrow band
channels, and clearly Motorola is aiming at that market.  Whether Moto
put their flex stack on top of OS-9 I don't offhand know.  GSM is a
completely different link protocol that has nothing to do with flex at
all - so a flex pager would not be able compatible with GSM (although
some DSP based dual mode wireless hardware exists that will do various
combinations of otherwise incompatible air interfaces). Flex is m-ary
FSK (4 level FSK) on narrow band carriers, and GSM is TDMA BPSK on much
wider carriers BTW.. Motorola has aimed their paging applications
software at the 68HC11 family in the past, but may well be upgrading to
32 bit stuff...
common carrier flex and POCSAG paging streams - and flex explicitly is
capable of forwarding binary data unaltered making it pretty trivial to
implement end to end unescrowed secure messaging over the existing
VHF/UHF paging infrastructure. That nobody has is a tribute to the FUD

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:00:39
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: DEA trying to subpoena book dealers 
soon to join this ever growing list.   A bill (HR2369) working its way through
the House bans the "manufacture, sale, distribution, modification,
import, export" of radio equipment such as scanners (but by no means
limited to scanners) that can be used for "unauthorized interception of
wireless communications" and provides 5 year jail terms and $500,000
fines for each individual sale.   While this may or may not seem just a
bit draconian to a privacy oriented group such as cypherpunks, it should
be noted that most ham radio equipment sold in the last 20 years covers
more than just ham bands, and almost all scanners (which have legitimate
and fully legal uses to monitor public safety and other wireless (radio)
communications without a legal expectation of privacy under the ECPA)
cover frequencies which would make them contraband under this proposed
law.  of bizzare old radio junk gets traded for cash or swapped for other
gear will be largely a thing of the past, as almost all radio receivers
and transcievers that hams and other electronic hackers might want to
sell or trade will be seriously illegal, and one never knows who that
anonymous cash customer really is...
hadn't pressured the cell industry, cell and cordless phones would be at
least minimally  encrypted and industry lobbiests would not be pushing
to make selling or buying simple used radio receivers more illegal than
forcible rape or armed robbery in many states.
They can monitor, under warrent from the secret FISL court, virtually
anything they want by intercepting the call at the MTSO switch using
those nice CALEA wiretap subroutines...  so why do they need to
discourage over the air encryption they can't trivially deal with ?  Well think about all the intercepts in the USA of US citizen
communications done for the TLAs (NSA in particular) by foreign
intelligence operations (notably GCHQ but also others) - obviously
foreign governments have no standing under FISL and CALEA and cannot get
FISL authority to legally wiretap US citizens - so making sure that
encrypted US wireless communications can be broken by the Brits or
Canadians or others makes sure that the NSA can get those UKUSA partners
to provide them to NSA and US TLAs when it is politically inconveniant
or downright illegal for NSA to intercept them directly.

@_date: 1997-10-31 09:57:06
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
aggressive HMOs get away with paying 15-20% of the posted "official" prices
for procedures and tests.    The difference between what insurance
organizations pay and the nominal price is usually 2 to 3 to 1 for most
things these days.   And for many years Medicare has set defined prices
for medical reimbursement that less than the gold plated bill amount
as well.

@_date: 1997-09-28 04:29:56
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: The Telcos oppose Oxley 
Eric Blossom wrote :
uses a two way paging protocol called REFLEX, and the beeper does indeed
log into a "cell"  from which a crude postion determination can be made.
The cells are larger than cellphone cells, and there is no government
mandate to implement triangulation technology to locate beepers within
the cell more precisely "for enhanced 911 service" (yet), but it is very
possible to send a two way pager a "ping" and get it to transmit
allowing dfing of the pager location.   delivery "never miss your messages", as well as message reply capability.
Eventually they will become quite common, as existing pager channels are
clogged with traffic broadcast over a wide area even though the target
pager is only near one transmitter and not all of them - they allow
much more efficient use of the rf spectrum as well as guaranteed delivery
of messages.

@_date: 1998-04-21 17:51:05
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Position escrow 
the motives of the FCC in establishing this hard and fast requirement.
I'm afraid the police state types who benefit have considerable access
to and influence in such places as the FCC (which is in part a federal
law enforcement agency), and clearly anybody who wants the capability
for tracking the sheeple certainly had a golden opportunity to sell it
as important for E911 and fraud control.   The fact this has, in fact,
been the public reason given doesn't convince me that darker
possibilities aren't important factors.   Mark my words, someone will
turn up the memo explaining the strategy in some FIOA  request in a few
that a mobile station would have the option of opting out of having
its position determined, but apparently not doing this has been
sold to the carriers as a business opportunity - namely charging
different rates depending on where the caller is when making the
call.   This has been trumpeted as allowing carriers to charge
low rates for cell calls at home where there is wired phone competition and gouging rates for calls from places where there
is no alternative...

@_date: 1998-04-21 18:16:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: GSM cellphones cloned - THREATS !! 
a surface mount high density low cost phone PC board.  A lot of the
stuff required is in ASICs in a typical phone, and they are not in
general easily adapted to playing a different role even if the full
design database and phone schematics are available to the hacker which
it would not be.
phone  could be used to fill a number of functions in such an animal,
and a couple of partially stripped GSM phone PC cards would certainly be
useful as part of such.  I would see such a probe base station as a
briefcase size object run by a laptop or powerful palmtop spliced into
two or three hacked up phone PC cards with some added signal processing
logic in a FPGA or two (and maybe an added RF modem chip as well).
There would be a significant amount of software required, depending on
how completely one would have to emulate a base stations and mobile
and more adaptable, although the 1.9 ghz PCS US versions are mostly
pretty recent.   And there may be some universal multi-standard brand
that is much more software configured than others and might be an easier
jumping off place - I certainly have not investigated this at all (nor
do I expect to).
weakened to allow such SIM probing.   Intelligence agencies are not in
general  interested in cloning, but for those without access to whatever
magic hardware (or software) exists for cracking A5/1 at low cost in
real time, the ability to once recover the SIM secret allows easy
listening to all subsequent calls from that phone (or SIM) with no
required cracking hardware time or access.  And this is very valuable in
lots of situations, such as covert operations out of hotels in foreign
places where having highly classified A5 cracking boxes in tow would be
a significant security risk.
on visiting diplomats, heads of state, or trade delegations who are using
their GSM phones in a roaming mode and depending on the fact the GSM home
switching office does not disclose their long term secret, such probing can
be quietly concealed in the real traffic of a legitimate base station.
The secrets recovered can then be used to crack traffic back in the
visitor's home country where he may be trusting his local system to
be secure.
nearby hotel rooms and recover their secrets must be awfully useful to
many even third rate intelligence operations - this allows listening to
all their subsequent traffic without requiring an A5/1 cracking
capability at all - let alone one that works real time from low cost
portable units.
would catch or prevent enough probes to crack the SIM secret, your physical access method allows black bag jobs to recover the SIM secret
of phones left poorly guarded for a few hours.   This alone
is very obviously of great use to intelligence types (at least unless
there is some hardware backdoor in the SIM to allow the readout in
seconds rather than hours).

@_date: 1998-04-25 12:36:13
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: IRS cratering 
do have some vacuum tube radio, audio and radar gear, but all the
computer systems in use are solid state such as antique 360s and the
like with lots of custom interfaces that can't be readily replaced.  And
much of the software is such patched spaghetti that nobody has been able
to reimplement it.   But telling is the fact that most of the radar
display consoles are late 60s designs manufactured in the early 70s with
a 5-10 year expected lifetime, and wires and connectors and other parts
not normally replaced in the field are getting brittle with age after
20-25 years of continuous operation at temperature.  And maintaining them
and the computers is made harder each year by the increasingly total unavailibility of electronic components of the types used back then...

@_date: 1998-08-06 11:27:44
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Noise source processing 
reasonable FM IF system fed Johnson noise).  The spikes occur on phase
discontinuities in the limiter output - what you are seeing is the input
Johnson noise intermittantly inducing phase jumps in the output of the
ringing IF filters shock excited by the broadband input noise.  The IF
filters tend to ring somewhat coherently until hit by another burst of
noise which sets them off on another phase.  Each phase jump shows up as
a spike on the discriminator output.  The narrower the bandwidth of the
filters, the longer the spike and interspike intervals. Thus one needs
an IF bandwidth considerably wider than the sample rate.
crossings of the long term mean value of the waveform) aren't bad
either.   Many years ago I suggested, half seriously, that simply taking
a suitable cheap Radio Shack audio transformer and stepping the speaker
output of a cheap FM radio tuned between stations to around 15 volts and
shoving it directly into the CD or DSR input of a standard PC serial
port would work as a quicky hardware noise source (this was before the
near universality of soundcards on PCs).   The serial port pins incorperate a threshold comparitor in the RS-232/423 receiver chips
which would act to convert the noise to a string of 1s and 0s  that
could be sampled by reading the DSR value occasionally. Or one could use
the DSR interrupt and record the time the zero crossing occurred and use
this time stamp as a random (poisson distributed) value.

@_date: 1998-07-06 11:43:02
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Gov Access to Key Strokes 
doing this via secret back doors in Microsoft OS kernels (W98/NT),
backdoors hidden by encrypted code (and that damn new WIPO treaty) that
would only be decrypted inside the CPU using a chip key not available to
the user.  Given passage of WIPO I fully expect such technology to
become common as a means of copyright protection with very severe
penalties for those who would chose to peek inside the "technological
means" or alter it in any way.  And once one has created this secret
space inside the core OS and protected it by draconian criminal laws, it
doesn't take much for someone to add a little extra feature in there
that logs and transmits back to Big Brother user keystrokes or keys used
with the encryption routines or other such privilaged and private user
information.  This could be added by the FBI or by Microsoft under
federal pressure (which they certainly are).   And interfering with or
disconnecting this nice little brother feature might well be considered
to be tampering with a "technological means" of copyright protection and
subject the user to 5 years in prison. Certainly public dissemination of
tools and information (such as code listings) that would allow access to
and alteration of this secret space would very likely result in criminal
prosecution, even if such legal action was not common for individual users.
disassemble and debug the relevant part of the OS to check to see if
there was code in there to log and report keystrokes even if it was not
encrypted or otherwise protected.  And no doubt at all but that the
rights enforcement software will be encrypted and otherwise protected
just to make sure that anyone tampering with it or even just examining
it for security flaws (such as keystroke recorders) would clearly be
flagrantly violating WIPO in an unambiguous as possible way.
carried to extremes - WIPO , it is likely to be impossible for a user of
standard shrink wrapped commercial software to legally vet that software
to  determine that it does not contain deliberate (courtesy the FBI)
means to grossly compromise the security of information on his computer
system.  He will have no legal recourse but to trust the provider of the
software, as even the analysis required to prove such a deliberate
security hole exists would be serious federal felonies...
circumvention of copyright protections for legitimate security analysis
and audits (and for any purpose which would be construed as fair use
under copyright law), but so far this hasn't happened.

@_date: 1998-05-10 19:39:38
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [Fwd: 3Com switches - undocumented access level.] 
router I worked on the design of some years ago.   The magic password
was a function of the model and serial number of the machine (not as I
remember a very strong hash either), and different for all boxes.  We
(or rather the marketing and support people) felt that leaving a
customer who forgot his password with no option but reset the router to
its factory defaults was more undesirable than providing a potential
attack point for  sophisticated hackers and spooks - the problem being
that there was  often days of work in setting up the configuration and
getting it right, and if the customer did not have a good backup forcing
him to destroy all of his hard won setup just because he couldn't
remember which wife's name he used as the password wasn't a good deal. And from a support point of view, helping the turkey to get everything
right again was very expensive and painful, whereas leaving a hole for a possible sophisticated attacker was not something that cost support
very much even if some bad guy used it to do real damage.
having someone in our customer support login to the machine and
restablish a password or give the customer the specific master password
for his box - I don't think we ever gave anyone the hash.
pbxs and the like incorperate such backdoors for precisely the same kinds of reasons - it is simply too catastrophic to reset everything
if someone forgets the password.   I know several commercial Unixes
had such backdoors in them for emergency access years ago, and wouldn't
be overwhelmingly surprised if some current OS's still have magic backdoors.
for someone with serious criminal intentions to obtain a copy of your product
and slog through the EPROMS/flash memory with a disassembler and determine
the magic algorithm which may give him access to all other machines running
the same basic code, especially if he has some method of poking around
in memory of his target machine or predicting such things as its secret
serial numbers.

@_date: 1998-05-28 20:10:26
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Satellite processing (was Re: DRUDGE-REPORT-EXCLUSIVE pablum) 
knowlage of radiation effects aside from reading an occasional technical
paper or article touching on the subject tangentially.   What I should
have said in any case is damage to  Flash EPROM or other electrically
programmed EPROM, as several people have pointed out that fuse and mask
programmed ROMs are not at all subject to single event radiation damage.
I suppose that  ROMs on board a satellite could easily afford to be
masked types, but of course there still are sound engineering reasons to
keep ROM'd code as minimal, simple and straighforward as possible, especially
when it cannot ever be changed and hundreds of millions of dollars of
satellite depends on it.

@_date: 1998-09-05 18:49:05
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Zooko on JYA, cpunks, and surveillance (was: Re: Can't tell the kooks without a scorecard? Re: Monkey Wrenching the Echelon Engine) 
lies in the future decryption under a different political and legal
climate of half forgotten traffic going back years and years - stuff
fetched from vast secret archives of potentially  interesting encrypted
messages squirelled away in the off chance that some time in the future
"they" will be in possession of the key to some of it and interested in
the contents. saving the entirety of the 1-5% or so of email traffic that is encrypted
on the presumption that it wouldn't have been encrypted if it wasn't
important might be a good strategy, even if only a tiny fraction of
those messages can ever be broken.  And certainly saving all of the
cipher email traffic from people identified by traffic analysis (group
membership, corrospondance with suspicious or known bad-actor people or
places, match to profiles profane and devine, etc) is really a
threat is email tools that provide perfect forward secrecy.  PGP and the
like do not, and capturing thus PGP messages in the hope that later on
one has access to the private key is a very useful practice.  DH key
exchange has been around a long time, but so far the tentacles of the
NSA have kept it from being a standard automatic part of sendmail, MS
Exchange  and qmail...  Certainly one might want to enclose PGP or SMIME
email messages inside the encrypted tunnel to protect privacy in storage
and the "store" of store and forward mail routing, but having a secure
transport tunnel in the first place forces the vacuum cleaner hose to be
attached in quite different places where it is likely to be much more
visible and noticed.  And sure IPSEC would be nice, but simply making
the ESMTP traffic between a short list of mail router programs opaque
would certainly leverage a small effort with a large result whilst upgrading TCP/IP stacks and routers is a large effort...
tapes of cyphertext they can't break or don't want to spend the
resources to break on the off chance that later on the key will be
available or the information deemed truly important enough for
cryptanalysis where possible.  And sometimes (as in the Venona decrypts)
this pays off...

@_date: 1998-09-11 00:09:08
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
cellphone traffic on one providers system (especially if it is GSM) the
traffic gets sent in the clear over trunking which is not particularly
well protected (and on occasion over microwave backhauls from cell sites
in the clear), to wire line phones which are often very vulnerable to
wiretaps.  And all of these are subject to CALEA access, and many also
to various  subrosa access via mechanisms provided for test and
maintainence and remote configuration of the system and trouble
diagnosis (mechanisms well and trully exploited by phreakers over the
years and well known and understood by the spooks as well).
security of any phone is weak at best, link encryption of vulnerable
links such as RF paths will keep the nosey out and raise the bar enough
so as to discourage that kind of penetration by professionals, but if
the call goes through switching and trunking infrastructure in the clear
it is  hardly difficult for large and powerful organizations to get
there hands on it if they really need it...
the area the conversation is taking place in... or even the phones...

@_date: 1998-09-15 22:40:19
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: radio net 
satellite space, and the figure of around $1500 to $3000 a month for a
voice channel capable of being used on small VSAT sized dishes was
passed around.  It depends on how much bandwidth and power the channel
uses which in turn depends on how big the dishes are (G/T to be exact).
Bigger dishes mean weaker signals on the satellite and lower charges. I
could probably find out the formula used to price the service...
compliance of various sorts might make it unpleasant for loosely knit
groups of private citizens - uplinks require competant installation
and maintainence to keep them from causing interference to other users
and various other problems such as RF radiation hazards under control.
transmitting streams of data or voice or music to groups of receivers
scattered over wide geographic areas, so the econmics aren't prohibitive
for people who have some real need...

@_date: 1998-09-17 21:29:37
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Mobile phone tracking, pagers, etc 
and polling phones to find out if they are on and available without
ringing them. This provides silent location information to the nearest
cell of a phone merely turned on, location  which may be hundreds of
feet in tightly congested urban areas and tens of square miles in
suburban and less populated areas.   Some system operators apparently
use this feature with all active phones to relieve congestion on paging
channels, while others do not actively track phones not being used
except in certain situations or parts of the network.   Of course
location to a cell is always available during a call...
information be made available to E-911 centers on emergency calls, and
there may be some situations in which it is currently made available to
domestic law enforcement under other circumstances, though CALEA
restricts such availability without warrents.  Whether and under what
circumstances law enforcement can request a poll be transmitted
(re-registration) to locate a silent but powered phone is less clear.  It would seem that CALEA forbids this, but what in fact is the practice
by such agencies as the FBI working quietly with cell carriers in places
such as NYC is less clear.
wireless phones be located to 125 meters 67% of the time.  There are
proposals to do this with differential time of arrival (DTOA)
or other direction finding techniques (apparently a hard problem
in cities with lots of multipath propagation due to reflections)
that work passively on some or all cell calls and registrations
(thus allowing tracking of everybody), or by cooperation with the
cellphone handset that could be only turned on when the user wished
to be located (an E-911 emergency) and disabled otherwise.   One
version of this would use GPS rather than ranging or other techniques
to determine position relative to the cell sites.    Of course all
the user disaablable  techniques such as GPS and DTOA done in the handset
firmware only will work with future cell firmware and hardware
and not legacy handsets, and because of this may not be acceptable
to the FCC.
(non GSM), in respects to exactly how easy it is to implement precision
location meeting the FCC spec passively and on all calls at all times.
Apparently CDMA with its very tight power control to minimize the near-far
problem makes it fairly awkward to reliably triangulate position from
multiple sites since the mobile may be only detectable at one site
at any time...  What this means in practice is that some wireless
technologies are more likely to require some definate active firmware
intervention to do precision location, whilst others may allow it
with no special intervention.   If the FCC allows this intervention
to be enabled by a user, this may provide some opportunity for
location privacy.
way pagers do support registration and will know the location of
the pager after a page has been sent to it and any time the system
wants to determine it.   This location will be quite coarse with current
two way (reFlex) pagers with cell sites some distance apart, but DF techniques are quite possible and could be implemented by law
enforcement or spooks or other interested groups.  Unlike wireless phones
there is no current FCC requirement for positioning information distribution
or precision positioning infrastructure, so two way pagers aren't
likeyly to be routinely located accurately any time soon.
delivery, so more and more people will be using wireless phones with
the FCC mandated tracking accuracy for paging...
forward control channel for a paging message that says they have got a
call coming in and only then do they transmit.  The amount of power used
in transmitting would quickly use up the battery if they continuously
broadcast.  The problem with cellphone location is that they can also be
paged with a registration request that does not cause them to ring
or show any evidence of transmitting, but sends back a brief message
burst (not using much battery).   This can be made to happen every
so often, or only when polled.
over very wide areas or depend on registration to locate you down to
a smaller area.  But yes, you can get paged anywhere in the US and
several other countries.  And the new LEO satellite technology will
allow paging over whole continents or potentially anywhere in the world.
the CALEA wiretap stuff is providing tracing of calls forwarded so you can't
do this....
