
@_date: 2003-10-22 21:56:34
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [mnet-devel] DOS in DHTs (fwd from amichrisde@yahoo.de) 
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20031022164659.04b4e870
Palladium/TCPA/NGSCB as all too tempting a means of regulation of the
net.   Initially one will not be able to get high speed Internet service
at affordable rates without the big brother inside, but as this
"voluntary" commercial regulatory measure proves not to curb behavior
that certain powerful lobbies want controlled, there will be mandatory
requirements imposed by law as per the Fritz chip.
censorship of otherwise legal free speech, but I'd not bet that an ISP
would be required to allow "objectionable content" to pass over its
wires under such a scheme.
attestation, one really does have a form of net drivers license.

@_date: 2004-04-08 19:51:36
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: We want everything, all the time... 
LEAs Propose Sweeping Changes In CALEA Compliance
Mar 31, 2004
Policy Specialists Warn Of Significant
The U.S. Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation and Drug
Enforcement Administration -- referred to in telecom circles as LEAs'
(an acronym for Law Enforcement Agencies) -- are pressing the FCC for
sweeping changes in the commission's rules governing compliance with the
1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA).
Specifically, the agencies are asking the commission to immediately
undertake a rulemaking that would:
Extend the LEAs' access for authorized wiretaps to a broad array of new,
packet-based networks, push-to-talk "dispatch" systems, and other
advanced communications technologies;
Establish firm, short deadlines for compliance by communications
services providers and networks that are deemed covered under CALEA;
Restrict the FCC's culture of granting extensions for CALEA compliance
by specifying the criteria for extensions of any benchmarks and
deadlines; and Establish procedures for enforcement actions against
entities that do not comply with their CALEA obligations.
Impact Potentially Broad
The LEAs' proposals, if fully adopted by federal regulators, could have
a major impact on many sectors of the telecommunications and information
technology services, as well as the manufacturing sectors, according to
policy experts in the Global Telecommunications and Technology Group at
the international law firm of Coudert Brothers LLP.
In a March 22 advisory to Coudert's clients, the firm's policy analysts
warned that hardware and software manufacturers could see a significant
demand for affordable solutions to bring a variety of communications
technologies into CALEA compliance. Special attention would be focused
on Internet-related, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), and some
wireless technologies, if the LEA's primary objectives are achieved.
Indeed, providers of broadband access, broadband telephony, and advanced
communications technology could face relatively short deadlines to
implement either standardized or individual solutions so that law
enforcement can have ready access to their networks, if needed. Even
those operators and manufacturers that are already working towards CALEA
compliance could face more stringent deadlines for implementation of
solutions, if the LEAs' requests are even partially adopted by the FCC,
according to Coudert's experts.
Broader Compliance Required
In their joint petition to the FCC, the LEAs contend there is an urgent
need for the FCC to act in light of the rapid movement of traffic from
legacy switched-circuit systems to newer, packet-based systems. This
technological revolution is accompanied by the emergence of new
telecommunications service providers that may not fit neatly into the
definitions for telecommunications operators in the Communications Act
of 1934, as amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996, they say.
The LEAs also claim that previous decisions by the commission have led
to continuing disputes between the law enforcement community and the
telecommunications and information services industries over which
services and providers are covered by CALEA. Thus, the LEAs advocate
that the FCC formally:
Identify the types of services and entities that are subject to CALEA;
Identify the services that are considered packet-mode services; and
Determine that broadband access services and broadband telephony
services are subject to CALEA.
Mobile Services
The petition urges the FCC to reaffirm its earlier decision that
push-to-talk "dispatch" services are subject to CALEA to the extent
these services are interconnected. The LEAs claim that these new systems
are being implemented without reference to CALEA obligations and
therefore the new networks are not accessible to law enforcement
Future Services
The LEAs' petition advocates that the FCC establish rules that would
facilitate the easy and rapid identification of future CALEA-covered
services and entities. Such rules, they argue, would include any service
that is in competition with a service already complying with CALEA, any
entity offering electronic communications (including packet-switching
and transmission) to the public for a fee, and any packet-based
technology or service presently covered by CALEA, but offered over a new
communications technology.
Moreover, the LEAs propose that the FCC establish a procedure permitting
any provider that is uncertain whether its new technology is subject to
CALEA to seek clarification immediately from the FCC before implementing
the service.
Ending 'Automatic' Extensions
The petition states that because industry standards-setting bodies have
argued with the LEAs regarding the applicability of CALEA to
packet-based technologies, few standards have been published and those
that have are deficient. This lack of standards has provided an easy
excuse for manufacturers to postpone the production of equipment and
carriers to seek extensions of CALEA implementation deadlines, even
though, the LEAs argue, carriers are obliged to meet the deadlines with
either standardized or non-standardized solutions.
The LEAs are asking the FCC to:
Set implementation deadlines for CALEA compliance and require benchmark
filings by operators to keep the FCC informed as to their progress;
Require operators to state what type of interception technologies they
intend to implement on their packet-based networks;
Set short, closely monitored extensions of time; and
Establish procedures for enforcement actions if operators fail to meet
CALEA implementation deadlines.
Customers To Bear The Costs
The LEAs want the FCC to establish rules (1) confirming that carriers
bear the sole financial responsibility for complying with CALEA and
adapting post-1995 equipment, facilities and services; (2) permitting
carriers to pass the costs of the capital improvements required to make
networks CALEA-compliant onto their customers; and (3) requiring law
enforcement organizations only to pay for the cost of implementing
specific, duly authorized wiretaps, not the capital costs incurred to
make such wiretaps possible.
The FCC, which has been anticipating the LEAs' petition, has already put
the matter on public notice. The commission is asking all interested
parties to file comments by April 12and reply comments by April 27.
Filing of the petition by the LEAs came close on the heels of a Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) by the FCC regarding the proper regulatory
treatment of VoIP and other packet-enabled communications systems. The
NPRM referred to the importance of support for law enforcement agencies
by the communications industry and the FCC's plan to open a separate
rulemaking proceeding that would run in tandem with the NPRM. In placing
the LEAs' petition on public notice, the FCC reiterated that it would
work closely with the LEAs to make certain that their requirement for
support of lawfully authorized wiretaps are met.
Against the backdrop of the recent Madrid train bombings, coupled with
the intense scrutiny that national security and terrorism-related issues
are already receiving in the presidential election campaign, the FCC can
be expected to respond to the LEAs' petition as quickly as possible, the
Coudert experts say.  However, the issues raised by the LEAs will be
difficult to resolve both legally and in practical terms, given the
architecture of modern telecommunications networks, they add.

@_date: 2004-08-24 23:52:38
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Digital camera fingerprinting... 
completely irrelevant either)...
individual who participated in the development of both low and high end
digital cameras for the commercial mass market.
sensors used were completely free of anomalous pixels (black, white,
dim, bright etc) and much of the actual processing in digital camera
firmware was related to masking or hiding the inevitable defects which
apparently can include (at least in CMOS sensors) entire rows or columns
that are bad.
completely undetectable in families of (multiple to many) images taken
with the same exact camera... and for the most part the defects are born
with the sensor and change little over time if at all.   And with few
exceptions they are random, and different for each sensor.
probability that a particular image or (much easier) that a particular
family of images was likely to have originated with a particular camera.
 A kind of digital fingerprint if you will...
that a particular image or set of images came from a particular camera
COULD have legal consequences for those bent on activities someone
thinks of as unfriendly to their interests...
elsewhere) often contain serial numbers and other identifying
information so to the first order this is irrelevant to average users,
but interesting none the less.

@_date: 2004-12-03 01:01:57
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Optical Tempest FAQ 
References: electromagnetic interception too)  is that more and more folks are using
LCD screens or other display devices that do not do single thread raster
scans of what they are displaying.   Thus no single signal exists  to
detect with all the pixels of the image in it.
green LEDs on the front of equipment that are directly driven with
real data in order to allow troubleshooting - recovering data from one
of those at a distance using a good telescope may be possible and most
people don't think of the gentle flicker of the LED as carrying actual
information that could be intercepted.

@_date: 2004-07-02 21:34:20
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: EZ Pass and the fast lane .... 
I actually looked up the signaling format on the EZ-Pass toll
transponders used throughout the Northeast.  (On the Mass Pike, and most
roads and bridges in NYC and a number of other places around here).
attaches to the center of one's windshield near the mirror and which
exchange messages with an interrogator in the "FAST LANE" that debits
the tolls from an account refreshed by a credit card (or other forms of
payment).   They allow one to sail through the toll booths at about
15-20 mph without stopping and avoid the horrible nuisance of digging
out the right change while rolling along at 70 mph in heavy traffic.
fashioned pulsed rf  modulation) at 500 kilobits/second on a carrier
frequency of 915 mhz at a power a little under 1 mw (0 dbm).
exposed to enough 915 mhz pulsed energy to activate a broadband video
detector looking at energy after a 915 mhz SAW filter (presumably around
-20 dbm or so).  They are triggered to respond by a 20 us pulse and will
chirp in response to between a 10 and 30 us pulse.   Anything longer and
shorter and they will not respond.
of a burst of 256 bits followed by a 16 bit CRC.  No present idea what
preamble or post amble is present, but I guess finding this out merely
requires playing with a transponder and DSO/spectrum analyzer.
interrogator can optionally send a write burst which also presumably
consists of 256 bits and CRC.
(correct) CRC bursts on multiple interrogations and compare bit for bit
before they decide they have seen a valid message.
between fixed bits set at the factory (eg the unit ESN) and bits that
can get written into the unit by the interrogators.   This is intended
to allow interrogators at on ramps to write into the unit the ramp ID
for units at off ramps to use to compute the toll... (possibilities for
hacking here are obvious for the criminally inclined - one hopes the
system designers were thoughtful and used some kind of keyed hash).
authentication but I guess that may or may not be part of the design
(one would think it had better be, as picking off the ESN should be duck
soup with suitable gear if not encrypted).
to detect a response from one's transponder and activate a LED or
beeper, and hardly difficult to decode the traffic and display it
if it isn't encrypted.   A PIC and some simple rf hardware ought
to do the trick, even one of those LED flashers that detect cellphone
energy might prove to work.
follow up and actually build such a monitor and report whether there
are any interogations at OTHER than the expected places...

@_date: 2004-07-04 00:17:03
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Tyler's Education 
References: <40E76A97.D275BECF
  <20040703213955.N159
a long long time... but most current LCD displays are much less vulnerable
as pixels are switched in parallel (and of course not painted at high
speeds allowing optical monitoring).  But many video cards generate
the rasterized stuff anyway... and use that interface to talk to
the LCD monitor.
lines related to internal decrypted traffic has been around since
before the Berlin tunnel... and used effectively.  But the heyday
of this was the mechanical crypto and mechanical Teletype era...
where sparking contacts switched substantial inductive loads.
in most cases if it is effective at all in typical situations.
is possible.   Wireless LANs, of course, aren't a Tempest issue.
would not surprise me at all to hear that any and all techniques for
surveillance anyone has shown to be effective are likely in active
use - there is money, interest, and a great lowering of inhibitions.
And certainly there has been more than enough open discussion of Tempest
type side channel attacks, unlikely the folks behind the curtain have
just ignored all of it...
the gear required to extract information at useful ranges is still
daunting compared to other methods of obtaining the same information
(such as black bag jobs with disk copiers and use of trojans to capture

@_date: 2004-07-04 16:28:39
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: more on  more on E-mail intercept ruling - good   grief!! 
References: <40E634AC.673CB2AF
  <20040704200600.GB12847
examples of wires as storage devices ...  I doubt there is a single
router or switch which does not clock incoming packets into various
intermediate storage registers, stuff them temporarily into RAM and/or
FIFOs, and otherwise store traffic.   Nobody builds flow through
asynchronous systems of that complexity, if for no other reason than
that outgoing traffic has to be queued for delivery.
every digital telephone technology stores the stream of samples,
packets, vocoder frames and so forth internally for various lengths of
time, often up to many seconds under the right circumstances.
planet clocks bits one by one into holding flip flops, so viewed at the
nanosecond clock tick by clock tick level the data is sitting there in
storage even for devices that don't store whole packets, frames or
messages.  Shut off the clock and the data will sit there forever
(plus or minus dynamic refresh issues).
virtually anything in digital format - at least by copying it from a
storage device such as a latch inside the communications equipment that
properly carries the traffic - is perfectly legal without exception
under this absurd ruling.

@_date: 2004-07-06 17:12:24
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Switzerland forcing registration of PrePay customers 
Switzerland forcing registration of PrePay customers
The Swiss parliament decided last year to make registration mandatory
for prepaid cards. By law, all mobile providers will have be able to
provide information about customers buying their prepaid products for at
least two years after the purchase. As of 1 July 2004, customers will
have to register when buying a prepaid card from Swisscom Mobile (NATEL
easy). Those who started using their NATEL easy cards on or after 1
November 2002 will have to register retrospectively.
The authorities are aiming to limit the misuse of prepaid cards by these
Customers will be registered when they buy a NATEL easy SIM card.  For
verification, proof of identity will be required in the form of a valid
passport, identity card or other travel document accepted for entry into
Switzerland. In addition to the customer's personal details, Swisscom
Mobile must also record the type of and number of the form of
identification presented. The NATEL easy card will only be activated for
use when all the necessary customer details have been recorded.
Customers attempting to make calls with an unregistered prepaid card
will hear a greeting prompting them to register their NATEL easy card.
Retrospective registration until end of October 2004
On 23 June 2004, the Federal Council decided that prepaid customers who
started using SIM cards on or after 1 November 2002 would have until 31
October 2004 to register. Swisscom Mobile will seek to ensure that the
registration of these customers takes place in line with the statutory
requirements and in as customer-friendly a manner as possible. The
customers affected will be prompted via SMS to register their SIM cards.
Registration can be made wherever Swisscom Mobile NATEL subscriptions
can be purchased. In addition to the customers' personal details,
Swisscom Mobile will also have to record their SIM card and mobile phone
In accordance with the regulation, Swisscom Mobile will be obliged to
block the access of customers who have not registered by 31 October
2004. Retrospective registration also applies to those prepaid customers
who have already registered voluntarily with Swisscom Mobile in the
past. The only exceptions are NATEL. easy customers who have registered
formally (i.e. on presentation of a valid passport or identity card) in
a Swisscom Shop since the middle of April 2004.
On the basis of current information, Swisscom Mobile believes that
several hundred thousand NATEL easy customers will have to register
Posted to the site on 05-Jul-04

@_date: 2004-07-18 14:44:51
@_author: Die 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
The snake
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Doll.cpl]

@_date: 2004-07-18 16:21:55
@_author: Die 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Lovely animals
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/octet-stream which had a name of Dog.scr]

@_date: 2004-10-03 18:37:13
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: [TSCM-L] Technology boosts use of wiretaps 
Original URL:  Technology boosts use of wiretaps
By DERRICK NUNNALLY
dnunnally at journalsentinel.com
Posted: Oct. 2, 2004
Madison - In an unassuming office building on a leafy street near Dane County Regional Airport, a couple rooms of computer equipment are quietly changing the nature of law enforcement in Wisconsin.
When they're clicking into action, most people won't even know they're there. And that's the point. They are wiretap machines, meant to allow police to listen in on the private phone conversations of suspected criminals.
For years, police here rarely resorted to wiretaps, which require a court order, and that was mostly limited to cases involving severe violence or the threat of it.
On average, it happened less than twice a year.
Now it happens more than once a month, due in large part to new computer technology that has streamlined much of what officials describe as a cumbersome, painstaking process. It included tracking down the phone company's switching equipment, setting up huge recorders and manually starting them with each call, and amassing half a room's worth of tapes, then methodically indexing them all.
"You'd have to have three reel-to-reel recorders for every line you'd want to wiretap," said Edward Wall, a special agent for covert surveillance in the state Department of Justice.
Wall held up a disk drive from the new system he said could hold 900 hours of recorded conversations, indexed at least half a dozen different ways. It was a little bigger than two CD cases held together, and, he said, held the power to make Wisconsin investigators much more willing to ask for wiretaps to investigate crime.
"When they find these are not as hard as they used to be, that mind-set is changing," Wall said.
Since the state acquired the new wiretap setup from the Office of National Drug Control Policy in summer 2003, the system has been used in the completed taps of 13 separate phone numbers, Wall said. That's a marked increase from recent years. Federal records indicate that from 1999-2002, while the nation averaged 1,200 wiretaps yearly, Wisconsin police had only run five.
While the system has not been discussed much outside of police circles, law enforcement agencies already have used it in at least a couple of high-profile operations, including the kidnapping of Heddy Braun in Walworth County in 2003 and a Milwaukee investigation this spring that led to the arrests of more than 30 people charged with being part of a cocaine-selling ring.
The role of the new wiretap machines has been kept hush-hush in part because of the state law restricting their use.
Because phone surveillance intrudes so seriously on someone's right to privacy, information gleaned from wiretaps only becomes public well into the court process, which can take months. Milwaukee police announced the dozens of arrests in the big drug case in a May news release, but much of the information about them remains under wraps and only has a chance of becoming public this month, long after the defendants have been formally charged and begun working their way through the judicial system.
Another reason for the new system's low profile until now was that police believed no good could come of advertising their new capability, Wall said.
Both the Milwaukee Police Department and the Milwaukee County sheriff's office, through spokespeople, declined to discuss the new technology.
Wall agreed to talk about it after the Department of Justice was asked specifically about its acquisition. He said he wanted to de-mystify a subject that, while not officially a secret, has inspired fears among some that the government, enabled by the USA Patriot Act of 2001, is tapping phones excessively.
"Those of us who do wiretaps just sit there and roll our eyes," Wall said of those concerns. "God, if you only knew what we had to go through for a wiretap. It's the most cumbersome thing in the world."
Police must get a judge's authorization for each phone number they want to monitor. To get that, investigators must put together a detailed affidavit explaining the kind of conversation they expect to hear, and why such evidence can't be obtained some other way.
Few of those affidavits have become public. Wall and other officials described them as onerous, but justly so. Now that the taps themselves are simpler to run and yield better data, authorities are exploring a wider range of reasons to ask for them.
"There was a time that I was much more reluctant to use wiretaps," said Milwaukee District Attorney E. Michael McCann, "but the violence attendant to various activities has persuaded me to the contrary."
Now cases such as the alleged drug ring - in which no violence or threat is evident in the small part of the allegations that have been made public - are coming into courts.
More are likely, and in more disparate parts of the state, as word of the new system's capabilities filters out, Wall said. Where formerly police in any part of the state had to seek out switching equipment - mostly in Madison or Milwaukee - to set up a wiretap, the new computer system can be run from Madison on "a phone from anywhere in the world" and piped out to any part of the state.
"When they give it to us, they're essentially giving it to 72 county sheriffs and 700 police departments," Wall said. "When you call me and you're from the Podunk Police Department, we're there."
Ray Dall'Osto, a Milwaukee defense attorney and former legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union of Wisconsin, said he is interested in examining the kinds of new wiretap cases and whether Wisconsin authorities use a wider range of justifications for listening in on citizens' conversations.
The right to privacy in certain situations, he said, is very fragile, like an egg.
"Once it's gone, it's very hard, if not impossible, to put back together," Dall'Osto said.
He also expects the uptick in wiretap usage to continue.
"They've got this stuff, and they've got to use it," Dall'Osto said.

@_date: 2004-09-12 18:09:50
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: "Forest Fire" responsible for a 2.5mi *mushroom cloud*? 
References: <20040911235920.A19206
or ....) operation to destroy the PRK nuke test setup, say with cruise
missiles, stealth B2 bombers,  or a infiltrated sabotage team ?
today's NYT) , I would think it was now or never for such a covert
helo at the WH on the way back from campaigning in Johnstown Pa this
past Thursday  ?   Too much pressure to keep that Jim Beam bottle in
the cabinet... one almost can't blame him...

@_date: 2005-02-05 20:20:10
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
References: <017630AA6DF2DF4EBC1DD4454F8EE29704776C5F
  <4203CD68.1060709 <20050204202146.GB27680
  <20050204222856.GE1404
  <20050205011946.GA28354
  <20050205102314.GV1404
now support it for most or nearly all their prime time schedule and most
big events (sports and otherwise) are now in HDTV in the USA.   Also
more and more cable networks in HDTV and some movie channels. Bandwidth
is the big limitation on satellite and cable, otherwise there would be
even more.
have the full 1920 by 1080 resolution, but many are around 1280 by 720
native resolution which works well with the 720p progressive version used
primarily for sports (looks better with fast motion).
that the actual over the air ATSC transport stream on broadcast channels
is mandated by law to be sent *IN THE CLEAR*, no encryption allowed - so
the FCC decision basicly requires any receiver sold to the public
*ENCRYPT* an ITC signal before providing it to the user.    Naturally
this bit of nonsense will go far to make the broadcast flag very
effective indeed at preventing anyone with very modest  sophistication
from capturing the over the air in the clear transport stream and
passing it around on P2P networks or whatever - there is already plenty
of PCI hardware out there to receive ATSC transmissions (MyHD and many
others) and supply the transport stream to software running on the PC.

@_date: 2013-08-02 00:52:24
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: [cryptography] Radiation Emission Controls 
References:  <20130730191851.GA21042 <20130731142315.GC29404
for NSA. Ground based RF sigint is either very local - directed at
things like foreign cellphone networks or other short range
VHF/UHF/Microwave comms systems that are only receivable a perhaps a few
thousand feet to a small number of miles away or aimed at satellites or
LF/MF/HF radio transmissions.   There are only so many satellites and we
have most of those of interest covered by dishes somewhere else
already...  and HF radio carries very little these days and optimum
sites for receiving those signals are also already in place.
satellite links bringing in material of interest and maybe communicating
with remote surveillance vehicles to receive their take and control
their operation ... but many of the relevant satellites are not visible
from Utah.   And ground operations centers for those vehicles are mostly
elsewhere too...
tapping fiber world wide dwarfs almost all traditional radio reception
except maybe collection of cellphone signals from platforms that
perforce have to be more or less line of sight from the cellphone of
interest (and therefore not in Utah).
ground based facility to receive much from other ground based
transmitters for more than a relatively few miles (easily less than
around 100).
with otherwise.

@_date: 2013-08-22 22:05:59
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: Encrypted mailing lists? 
References: <521470F9.4040303 <20130821083950.6458.14953
 <2831997.rqjLtGiVRi
 <9CA32CC8-FFF9-410A-9AB5-F1F9E91BFD0F
 <2BF2095C-1D27-4AE9-8350-4AF1653CA718
 <8738q3t1a4.fsf
 <5F46B2AC-AF0F-4BA9-9848-89DC71109E67
your cause and resistance to blackmail and being turned of each and
every member, you ALSO have to trust them to be highly skilled at
maintaining the security and integrity of the node they read the
messages on.   communicate with, you need very technically competent and careful ones
who will not make mistakes with node security and whose lives and
circumstances allow them to take the required precautions.
finding enough of the former...
anonymous/pseudonymous  or weakly vetted subscription - the purpose of
encryption would only seem to be to trap fools.   Any serious adversary
has the means to clandestinely subscribe nearly untraceably, and if they
care most will.  And obviously then the encryption only encourages loose
talk and carelessness that an open list would tend to suppress.

@_date: 2014-08-16 17:51:28
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: [cryptography] Question About Best Practices for Personal File 
References: if there is a backdoor password to Filevault2 it is quite likely that
Apple would not choose to disclose that fact to just some random user
who had lost files due to forgotten passwords.
breakable and presumably bear the burden of having every law enforcement
agency, divorce attorney, corporate trial lawyer and government
intelligence operation around the world - along with  millions of users
with various grades of good and bad stories about why they need Apple to
break into Filevault2 partitions demanding help (often for much less
than it costs Apple to provide it and handle the legal costs to validate
the reasons for and authority of the requester to break in) that they
would not wish to share the fact that there is a deliberate backdoor
mechanism to break in or even a known bug that would allow it.
announced backdoor could ever be kept secret and reserved for Apple
alone as it would become an instant target for every hacker and spy and
corporate espionage type to reverse engineer... or steal from inside
national security along with blackmail type arm twisting from certain
governments, I'd not be sure they would not provide help or have not
been forced to design things so they can.   Only a few folks at Apple
probably know the real truth about this... one way or the other.

@_date: 2015-12-13 17:39:48
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
References:  <566DDD18.9080205
successfully received the downlinks from the Apollo missions at the moon.
big enough VHF array to intercept the actual VHF voice link between the LEM
and the Command module... and several folks who saw both LEM and Command
module S band downlinks and recovered voice.
hams of the era, at least those who had access to a decent sized dish
(not uncommon for EME "moonbounce" back then) ... and some RF
engineering background.

@_date: 2015-12-18 00:45:15
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: The USA Fake Of The Moon Landings 
References:  <566DDD18.9080205 <566e6a30.23288c0a.4da4e.3b29
 <56719952.3050907
 <56731e24.05158c0a.5c444.ffffc15b
the spacecraft in lunar orbit by the moon, saw correct Doppler for the
geometry involved from THEIR site (and correct timing for osculation)...
and saw the coherence of the signal consistent with a direct
transmission and not scattering from the moons rough surface (which
creates a considerable smearing of a wideband signal such as the Unified
S band telemetry/voice signals (and especially the video) due to the
path length (and thus delay) differences from all the random reflecting
angles (and Doppler) observed when the highly directional ground
antennas were pointed for maximum signal corresponded to those predicted
from the the path of the spacecraft and not the reflective moon - which
eventually was not even close to being inside the beamwidth of the
antennas used.
multiple continents would have required actually sending dummy
spacecraft  to carry out the maneuvers and emit the "fake" signals.
signals from these missions, but so did various professional
intelligence and radio (and optical) astronomy sites, some with
substantial dish antennas and sophisticated gear. Many of these folks
(some obviously not friendly to the USA) would have to have been very
well fooled - or in on the game - not to have called our bluff.

@_date: 2015-12-21 19:09:31
@_author: David I. Emery 
@_subject: back doors 
References: <20151221231311.11B2FA06D77
to selectively send targets DIFFERENT and TROJANed updates because they
know who they are via all the "telemetry" and marketing tracking they do
and know which system is requesting updates and who it belongs to.
user data... or secretly sharing the fruits of their OWN spyware
(keystroke loggers intended to collect data to optimize search or UIs
for example).
(maybe even with court ordered search warrants), it would presumably be
less objectionable as some form of legal process might have  determined
that the system or software user is a "bad guy" legally subject to being
provided with such malware.   And normal users would not be.
different update binary (or code images in memory), but Dan points out
that the recent trend toward techniques such as address space
randomization and perhaps even different binaries from different
compilers and code optimizers (which reduces attack surfaces for
traditional malware a lot) might also make it a lot more difficult to
determine if the differences were just protective and the software
images functionally equivalent if not identical at the binary level or
whether some one of them contained backdoors or malware or trojans...
not present in the normal release.
of us... but also make the vendor at least indirectly an untrusted party
due to the potential that what appears to be a legitimate valid update
from him might instead be a trojan from the government (some government,
but also would of course be subject to various strategies of evasion...
depending on whether it was possible to obtain generic off line update
binaries (as it is now for the most part) anonymously.
