
@_date: 2001-04-03 08:32:12
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
Good lord, man, that's amazing.  You do realize that you just accurately
summarized in 41 words the losing side of one of the most important
constitutional debates in our nation's history?
It's almost not quite short enough to tempt me to make a new .sig.  Thank
you -- that one goes in the digital scrapbook.

@_date: 2001-04-07 09:40:26
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
I find this hilarious coming from Declan, who once (WAAY back in 1997) closed
one one of his previously open-subscription mailing lists because people were
*gasp* forwarding messages from it to other lists.  His list policy was, if I
recall, "you own your words, no retransmission without your permission" and he
was outraged that some of his subscribers, specifically Hettinga, did not
respect these vital intellectual property rights.
Now when somebody else makes the same silly assertion he was making, he calls
it silly.  I guess we all grow up eventually....

@_date: 2001-04-10 09:20:08
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Inaccurate indeed.  List owner policies have nothing to do with it.  Jim's
assertion, your mockery of it, and my mockery of your similar assertion back in
1997 all had to do with intellectual property rights, not list owner policies.
I am looking forward to hearing you explain that the assertion "you own your
words" is not an assertion about intellectual property rights.  But I'm not
holding my breath....

@_date: 2001-04-11 10:29:03
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
List owners have nothing to do with, and cannot affect, the intellectual
property rights of list contributors.  Your aspirations to the contrary

@_date: 2001-04-11 16:19:52
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
and Tim May responded:
No, I'm not saying that, or anything about publishers, nor indeed am I making
any claim about what sorts of lists might be created in the future.  I am
making a legal/factual claim about every mailing list I am aware of to date,
specifically including this one and the one Declan got all snippy about back in
1997 when Hettinga started forwarding posts from it.
To make my claim more precise, I should have said "list owners...cannot
UNILATERALLY affect, the intellectual property rights of list contributors."
Indeed.  So much for that.  And good riddance.  Saying something does not make
it so.  ZYX Corporation is notorious for plastering gratuitious self-serving
printed notices all over every painted surface, and tattooing "Authorized
Personnel Only" on the asses of its employees too.  I get so tired of mindless
legal incantation.  Too many lawyers think they are sorcerers and need only
recite powerful-sounding phrases repeatedly in order to achieve desired
results.  Sorry, this mini-rant is not directed at you, but has been brought to
you by the legal departments of America's most respected corporations.
Right.  But it's not DECLAN's property unless he wrote it.  And nothing he says
about whose it is affects whose it is, I don't care how many mailing lists he
"owns".  Contracts are not created by unilateral utterance.
The "owner" of a list can spout nonsense until he's blue in the face, but his
nonsense doesn't affect the rest of us unless we agree to it in some quite
formal ways.

@_date: 2001-04-11 16:52:48
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Been there, done that, have the law degree on my wall to prove it.  My views on
contract law could conceivably be incorrect, but they are not uninformed.
How do you know?  It was never litigated.  I have an opinion on what the
outcome of that litigation would have been, but I can't prove my view any more
than you can prove yours.
By the way, thanks for the good reporting on the Bell trial.  I have found it a
fascinating if dismaying read, and I appreciate the effort you've put into it.

@_date: 2001-04-16 10:39:04
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: hello, I would like to learn how to hack a bit 
It's very simple.
Go to a military surplus store or your local Wall-Mart and buy a machete.  If
you buy a surplus one, you may want to sharpen it and polish the rusty blade,
although this step is not essential because one may hack quite noisily and
dramatically with a rusty dull machete.
Go out in your back yard and find some brush or small trees.  (Bamboo works
well but may not be available in your area.)
Hack away -- it's that simple!
Disclaimer:  In many states, if you hack at decorative trees or shrubs that do
not belong to you, you may be liable for a sum in damages equal to thrice the
actual value of the vegetation destroyed.

@_date: 2001-02-07 09:32:09
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: ha ha 
Is there anybody here who's THAT hard up for a date?

@_date: 2001-02-19 17:59:43
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Trolling for Conspirators  
Oh goody goody goody!  It must be my turn to do one of these!
Some pissant lazy-assed cop masquerading as "kristy lenard" and/or "monroe"
For the benefit of the audience, most of whom rightly won't give a flying
fuck, let it be said that listening to a cell phone conversation on a
scanner is under many circumstances a federal crime.  The drooling
mouthbreathers who seem to be masquerading as federal prosecutors these days
are therefore likely to consider providing information on how to commit that
crime to be some form of indictable offense such as conspiracy,
racketeering, or buggery on the high seas.  Accordingly, no one with more
intelligence than your common variety garden slug is likely to be terribly
responsive to your public request in this forum.
Interestingly, a person who really had "searched everwhere" would have
turned up thousands of pertinent web pages.  They might even have discovered
that scanners manufactured prior to a certain year were specifically
designed to cover cell phone frequencies.  That vital information in hand,
what giant leap of mentation would be required to investigate the
availability of such used scanners on common internet auction sites?
But, of course, a lazy cop looking for conspirators or a lazy journalist
looking for a story would rather troll the list.  Piss off!

@_date: 2001-02-27 23:23:18
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Trolling For Conspirators 
Data points:
I got two literate and charming off-list messages in connection with that
moron who wanted advice on committing federal crimes in connection with
cellular phone conversations not involving him.  They were:
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2001 8:39 PM
whats wrong

@_date: 2001-03-01 12:14:42
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Decentralized Markets 
I have been giving a lot of thought to auction protocols that would work
using signed encrypted packets distributed by a Gnutella-style peer-to-peer
network.  Tim is absolutely right -- the world needs an online marketplace
that does not have a central administrative or corporate point of attack --
or rather, the world is getting one whether it needs it or not.
So far, all of the ideas I have come up would require a relatively stable
system for recording reputation capital and associating it with nyms.  I
haven't figured out a protocol for doing THAT without it becoming a point of
attack for the decentralized market system.
It would help a lot if someone figured out a way to set up an Ebay style
feedback system for nyms that received significant usage from many different
groups of traders of a type not readily susceptible of being demonized.
Then a decentralized auction system could outsource that function without
the function becoming a  vulnerable attack point.

@_date: 2001-03-05 10:43:38
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown & Packet, et. al. 
I'll play, and I won't even hide behind a nym.  (Nothing against persistant
nyms, but I snicker when people create new ones to make flippant statements
they don't want associated with their persistant ones.  Cowards....)
(a) is right out.  The apple is obviously bait.  Nobody with more brain than
a rat bites obvious bait unless it's really tasty looking.  I don't like
apples that much no matter how beautiful the fruit bowl is.
(b) is trickier.  Is she bait too?  Probably.  But see comment about tasty
looking above.  Risk exists we wind up measuring IQ of little head.  Also,
is she a witch?  Wow, it gets more interesting.  Witches can be a LOT of fun
and are worth taking risks for.  Only trouble is she'll toss yer shoes in
the long run unless you can at least respect her gods, and she's probably
going to catch you if you fake it.  Finally, "take"?  That's ambiguous.  If
we are talking offer and acceptance, with meeting of minds and whatever,
that's one thing.  If we are talking "Me Og, Og bonk yummy witch and drag
back to cave" it's rather another thing.  I would say circumstances and
literary tradition suggest the former, unless body language and subsequent
conversation indicate otherwise.  So leave (b) on the list of possible
(c) is right out.  BZZZT!  Wrong answer.  How many times in your life do
fairy tale things happen to you?  Reward is commensurate with risk -- "and
he and the beautiful witch lived happily ever after" is a possible outcome.
Not to diminish the possibility of "and the ugly toad never left the swamp
until the end of his days" but c'mon man, if you've got an ounce of
adventure in your soul you'll stick around a bit and scope things out before
skedaddling like a wuss.
(a) and (b) together are out, because (a) is out.  Basic logic.  So (d) is
(e) is out because (c) is out.  Also because it's rude.  A gentleman should
stick around for coffee or better yet breakfast, and should promise to call,
and then should DO it -- at least once.  (Christ, that sounds like something
out of "The Notebooks of Lazarus Long" -- I must be getting old.)
(f) and (g) are unsatisfactory for the reasons expressed above.
So it looks like (b), by simple process of elimination.  Next question?

@_date: 2001-03-05 20:02:51
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown &  
References: What, you mean the game is over?  I thought there was a question Besides, option (b) was "take the woman", not "keep the woman."  Any honest
man will tell you that revising the wording makes the question more
difficult.  Until you change the question, my attitudes toward commitment
are irrelevant.
Irrelevant, irrelevant, that word has a ring.  Oh yeah, I remember, that's
what she thought our commitment was when she decided to move out.  What I should have said:  "My dear, that's not irrelevant, it's a
rhinocerous!"  At least it couldn't have worked any worse, and it might have
bought me a smile.

@_date: 2001-03-06 16:11:24
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: arrgh 
But beware:  In the US we no longer have the rule of law.  It is now the
norm for prosecutors to charge politically incorrect defendants under novel
interpretations of old crimes.  Thus, for example, if someone on Cypherpunks
were to respond to one of these requests with detailed step-by-step
instructions for constructing a simple pipe bomb, that person should not be
surprised to be facing conspiracy or accessory charges in the event the
instructions were followed and the bomb constructed.  Despite lacking the
criminal intent or criminal "meeting of minds" required to support such
charges, a guilty verdict would be unsurprising.  No it's not fair, no it's
not justice, but there it is.
The Law Office of Daniel J. Boone
326 Fourth Avenue, Suite B
Juneau, Alaska  99801
(907) 723-9902
djb at gci.net
"No man's life, liberty, or property is safe when the
legislature is in session."  -- Judge Gideon Tucker

@_date: 2001-03-07 09:12:05
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ test 
Ooh, but the cute widdle things look so HUNGRY.....

@_date: 2001-03-09 16:28:37
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
I don't know John Young, but I've visited Cryptome and seen his postings
here.  I'd say he's a journalist by any reasonable standard.  Doubt the DoJ
agrees, though.

@_date: 2001-03-12 09:18:34
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: Attorney for a Mutton Sandwich 
1: >Legislators and Judges are the pimps of modern American society.
2: >Police, lawyers, and reporters are their whores.
3: >Democracy is dead.
Line 1:  See my .sig.  Line 2:  Some of us choose our clients with greater
care than others.  And as for Line 3, would that it were so!  As the wise
man said:
"Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner."
The Law Office of Daniel J. Boone
326 Fourth Avenue, Suite B
Juneau, Alaska  99801
(907) 723-9902
djb at gci.net
"No man's life, liberty, or property is safe when the
legislature is in session."  -- Judge Gideon Tucker

@_date: 2001-03-12 09:27:47
@_author: Daniel J. Boone 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists at show trials 
Hmm.  Oddly enough, I agree with that.  And yet, I doubt we are thinking of
the same thing.  Because I ALSO agree with the Usual Suspect in a way -- I
don't think professional journalists should be "treated by the law" any
differently than the rest of us mere sheeple.  If this makes any sense, I'm
not saying professional journalists shouldn't get special breaks, I'm saying
we should ALL get 'em and they shouldn't be special.  If freedom of the
press is to have any meaning, we can't have a gatekeeper empowered to say
"you are legitimate press and you, scoundrel, yes you, the guy with the
wireless Palm Pilot, you don't count!"
Of course, since we live in an age where the rule of law is a fast-fading
memory, it doesn't matter very much.  As Declan is discovering, the usual
protocols are not observed when the government is conducting show trials of
the randomly selected politically incorrect loser of the month.
