
@_date: 2012-06-19 16:13:23
@_author: D. J. Bernstein 
@_subject: [cryptography] Last call: DIAC: Directions in Authenticated Ciphers 
For people interested in the future of secret-key cryptography, the list
of talks for next month's ECRYPT DIAC workshop has now been posted:
   Registration is still open today:
   Here's the list of invited speakers and refereed papers:
   * Invited: Joan Daemen, STMicroelectronics
   * Invited: David McGrew, Cisco
   * Invited: Phillip Rogaway, University of California at Davis
   * Invited: Palash Sarkar, ISI Kolkata
   * Refereed papers:
     - A Do-It-All-Cipher for RFID: design requirements (extended abstract)
       (Saarinen, Engels)
     - AEGIS: a fast authenticated encryption algorithm
       (Wu, Preneel)
     - An improved hardware implementation of the Grain-128a stream cipher
       (Mansouri, Dubrova)
     - Authenticated encryption in civilian space missions: context and requirements
       (Sanchez, Fischer)
     - Cryptanalysis of EAXprime
       (Minematsu, Lucks, Morita, Iwata)
     - Hash-CFB
       (Forler, McGrew, Lucks, Wenzel)
     - Heavy Quark for secure AEAD
       (Aumasson, Knellwolf, Meier)
     - How fast can a two-pass mode go? A parallel deterministic authenticated encryption mode for AES-NI
       (Aoki, Iwata, Yasuda)
     - Lightweight AES-based authenticated encryption
       (Bogdanov, Mendel, Regazzoni, Rijmen)
     - Permutation-based encryption, authentication and authenticated encryption
       (Bertoni, Daemen, Peeters, Van Assche)
     - SipHash: a fast short-input PRF
       (Aumasson, Bernstein)
     - Stronger security guarantees for authenticated encryption
       (Boldyreva, Paterson, Stam)
     - Suggestions for hardware evaluation of cryptographic algorithms
       (Gurkaynak)
See you in Stockholm!
---D. J. Bernstein
   Research Professor, Computer Science, University of Illinois at Chicago
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2012-09-20 23:39:57
@_author: D. J. Bernstein 
@_subject: [cryptography] abstract: Air to Ground Quantum Key Distribution 
Nope. The security of QKE relies on the parties both knowing a shared
secret key to authenticate messages. This begs the questions of
   (1) how the parties communicated this secret---this doesn't have to
       be a _prior_ secure channel but it does have to be a separate
       secure channel;
   (2) why the parties are bothering to use QKE to generate randomness
       when they can much more cheaply generate local randomness and
       send it through the separate secure channel; and
   (3) why the parties are bothering to generate so much randomness in
       the first place when they can much more cheaply use the key as an
       AES key to encrypt and authenticate messages.
See  for a more detailed
cost-benefit analysis.
---D. J. Bernstein
   Research Professor, Computer Science, University of Illinois at Chicago
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2013-03-10 11:20:59
@_author: D. J. Bernstein 
@_subject: [cryptography] Web Cryptography API (W3C Working Draft 8 
Here's the abstract of "The security impact of a new cryptographic
library" (
   This paper introduces a new cryptographic library, NaCl, and explains
   how the design and implementation of the library avoid various types
   of cryptographic disasters suffered by previous cryptographic
   libraries such as OpenSSL. Specifically, this paper analyzes the
   security impact of the following NaCl features: no data flow from
   secrets to load addresses; no data flow from secrets to branch
   conditions; no padding oracles; centralizing randomness; avoiding
   unnecessary randomness; extremely high speed; and cryptographic
   primitives chosen conservatively in light of the cryptanalytic
   literature.
The paper cites and analyzes cryptographic failures in SSH, ECDSA in
SSL, RSA in SSL, Linux disk encryption, the PlayStation 3, et al. What's
particularly convincing is to look at _newer_ failures, such as the very
recent "Lucky 13" attack recovering plaintext from SSL, and observe that
those failures would have been prevented by precisely the NaCl features
identified in this document. ("Lucky 13" relies on padding oracles and
on these prohibited forms of data flow.)
These NaCl features are at a quite different level from the "features"
advertised by cryptographic APIs from the dark ages (e.g., "we support
MD5 and RSA-512"), and in many cases are in direct conflict with those
"features". This is one of the reasons that NaCl has a simple high-level
API. Of course, simplicity has other benefits.
As for specification, there's a state-of-the-art "Cryptography in NaCl"
document ( that has
complete self-contained definitions of every aspect of key generation,
encryption, and authentication involved in NaCl's crypto_box(); plus an
end-to-end example expressed both as
   * self-contained Python/Sage test scripts that compute every detail
     of the crypto and
   * simple test programs using NaCl,
of course producing the same results; plus security notes. Someone who
wants to write a new implementation that interoperates with crypto_box()
doesn't need to read anything else. I'm not saying that this is the end
of the story---implementors should also learn about crypto_sign(),
constant-time code, and more---but it's way ahead of the documentation
mess that one has to read to reimplement other existing protocols with
similar functionality.
The main reason for a developer to use a cryptographic library is to
protect data against espionage, sabotage, etc. There's ample evidence
that most cryptographic libraries _don't_ actually manage to protect
data---and imitating their decisions is simply going to produce more
security disasters.
Of course, this doesn't imply that NaCl is what developers want, but
high-profile applications such as DNSCrypt are in fact using NaCl in
ways that seem easily generalizable to other applications.
---D. J. Bernstein
   Research Professor, Computer Science, University of Illinois at Chicago
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net
