
@_date: 2012-03-05 12:18:51
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: <nettime> Mute article on Bitcoin 
BitCoin is nothing more and nothing less than electronic specie.
Sure, the cryptography behind has some interesting possibilities,
like Namecoin. But BitCoin is like digital gold coins, it's main
advantage over gold is that it can be electronically transfered,
however, it also has disadvantages, it can't be made into a gold
tooth, and earring or a pimpin' belt buckle.
In terms of electronic commerce, this can be quite usefully, but
macroeconomically the significance of electronic specie seems
quite negligible, taking it place among various less interesting,
non-decentralized, exchangeables, including pre-paid telephone credit
and online shopping gift codes. It's main advantage over these is
it utility for unsanctioned economic activity, which certainly is
critical for some undertakings, but hardly disruptive to the economy
as a whole.
I'd very interested in a co-herent argument otherwise.

@_date: 2012-05-08 09:21:40
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: <nettime> Privacy, Moglen, @ioerror, #rp12 
Privacy, Moglen,  I gave a talk with Jacob Applebaum at last week's Re:publica conference in It seems it had fallen to us to break a little bad news. Here it is.
- We are not progressing from a primitive era of centralized social media to an emerging era of decentralized social media, the reverse is  - Surveillance and control of users is not some sort of unintended  consequence of social media platforms, it is the reason they exist.
- Privacy is not simply a consumer choice, it is a matter of power and  Earlier at Re:publica, Eben Moglen, the brilliant and tireless legal  council of the Free Software Foundation and founder of the FreedomBox  Foundation, gave a characteristically excellent speech.
However, in his enthusiasm, he makes makes a claim that seems very wrong.
Moglen, claims that Facebook's days as a dominant platform are numbered, because we will soon have decentralized social platforms, based on projects such as FreedomBox, users will operate their own federated platforms and form collective social platforms based on their own hardware, retain control of their own data, etc.
I can understand and share Moglen's enthusiasm for such a vision, however this is not the observable history of our communications platforms, not the obvious direction they seem to be headed, and there is no clear reason to believe this will change.
The trajectory that Moglen is using has centralized social media as the  starting point and distributed social media as the place we are moving  toward. But in actual fact, distributed social media is where we started, and centralized platforms are where we have arrived.
The Internet is a distributed social media platform. The classic internet platforms that existed before the commercialization of the web provided all the features of modern social media monopolies.
Platforms like Usenet, Email, IRC and Finger allowed us to do everything we do now with Facebook and friends. We could post status updates, share pictures, send messages, etc. Yet, these platforms have been more or less abandoned. So the question we need to address is not so much how we can invent a distributed social platform, but how and why we started from a fully distributed social platform and replaced it with centralized social media monopolies.
The answer is quite simple. The early internet was not significantly  capitalist funded, the change in application topology came along with  commercialization, and it is a consequence of the business models required by capitalist investors to capture profit.
The business model of social media platforms is surveillance and  behavioral control. The internet's original protocols and architecture  made surveillance and behavioral control more difficult. Once capital  became the dominant source of financing it directed investment toward  centralized platforms, which are better at providing such surveillance and control, the original platforms were starved of financing. The centralized platforms grew and the decentralized platforms submerged beneath the rising tides of the capitalist web.
This is nothing new. This was the same business model that capital devised for media in general, such as network television. The customer of network television is not the viewer, rather the viewer is the product, the "audience commodity." The real customer is the advertisers and lobby groups that want to control this audience.
Network Television didn't provide the surveillance part, so advertisers  needed to employ market research and ratings firms such as Neielson for  that bit. This was a major advantage of social media, richer data from  better surveillance allowed for more effective behavioral control than  ever before possible, using tracking, targeting, machine learning,  behavioral retargeting, among many techniques made possible by the deep  pool of data companies like Facebook and Google have available.
This is not a choice that capitalist made, this is the only way that  profit-driven organizations can provide a public good like a communication platform. Capitalist investors must capture profit or lose their capital. If their platforms can not capture profit, they vanish.
So, if capitalism will not fund free, federated social platforms, what  will? For Moglen's optimistic trajectory to pan out, this implies that  funds can come from the public sector, or from volunteers/donators etc?  But if these sectors where capable of turning the tide on social media  monopolies, wouldn't they have already done so? After all, the internet  started out as a decentralized platform, so it's not like they had to play catch-up, they had a significant head start. Yet, you could fill many a curio case with technologies dreamed up and abandoned because they where unable to be sustained without financing.
Give the continuous march of neoliberal public sector retrenchment, the  austerity craze and the ever increasing precariousness of most  communities, it seems unlikely the public or voluntary sectors will be the source of such a dramatic turnaround. Given the general tendency of  capitalist economies toward accumulation and consolidation, such a  turnaround seems even less likely.
Thus, there is no real reason to believe Moglen's trajectory will come  about. The obstacle to decentralized social media is not that it has not  been invented, but the profit-motive itself. Thus to reverse this  trajectory back towards decentralization, requires not so much technical  initiative, but political struggle.
So long as we maintain the social choice to provision our communication  systems according to the profit motive,  we will only get communications  platforms that allow for the capture of profit. Free, open systems, that  neither surveil, nor control, nor exclude, will not be funded, as they do not provide the mechanisms required to capture profit.
Facebook is worth billions precisely because of it's capacity for  surveillance and control. Same with Google.
Thus, like the struggle for other public goods, like education, child  care, and health care, free communication platforms for the masses can  only come from collective political struggle to achieve such platforms.
In the meantime, we have many clever and dedicated people contributing to inventing alternative platforms, and these platforms can be very important and worthwhile for the minority that will ever use them, but we do not have the social will nor capacity to bring these platforms to the masses, and given the dominance of capital in our society, it's not clear where such capacity will come from.
As surveillance and control is enforced by the powerful interests of  capital, privacy and autonomy become a question of power and privilege,  not just consumer choice.
It's not simply a question of choosing to use certain platforms over  others, it's not a question of openness and visibility being the new way  people live in a networked society. Rather it's a fact that our platforms are financed for the purpose of watching people and pushing them to behave in ways that benefit the operators of the platform and their real customers, the advertisers, and the industrial and political lobbies. The platform exists to shape society according to the interests of these advertisers and lobbies.
As such, how coercive these platforms are largely depend on the degree to which your behaviour is aligned with the platform-operators' profit-driven objectives, and thus privacy and autonomy is not just a feature any given platforms my or may not offer, but determine the possibility of resistance, determine our ability to work against powerful interests' efforts to shape society in ways we disagree with. As Jake said at our talk "We can't have post-privacy until we are  Eliminating privilege is a political struggle, not a technical one.
I'll be at Stammtisch as usual around 9pm, please come by, anybody still hanging around after  is more than welcome to join us. You can find us here: A sharable version of this text can be found here:

@_date: 2012-11-04 16:12:37
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Bitcoin and The Public Function of Money 
Bitcoin is not unique at being useful for tax evasion, in fact it's not  even popular among large scale tax evaders, who have better means. In any case, the majority of producers will not be evading taxes, especially significant producers.
We can not eliminate the State-based tax system by evading it, only by  replacing the socially necessary functions it performs with  actually-existing non-state forms, an unwillingness to understand and come to terms with this is what makes so many revolutionaries, ancaps  especially, continue to be baffled by the continued existence of the  State, or even actively support a "night-watchman state" with the State  reduced to being nothing more that a brutal enforcer of property rights,  since deep down they must realized that private property itself is a  social construction, and worry that in a truly free society their property privileged would surely vanish.
One of the main components of the delusion that tax evasion is somehow a threat to the State is the false belief that States require taxation to spend. States do not spend taxes, rather they simply spend money into  existence. Taxes are used to manage demand, and sometimes to create  incentives, their primary function is to manage prices. Tax obligations  also create the base demand for government money or securities. This has  been the case even before fiat money, see for instance the history of  split tally sticks in the UK.
Once again, you are unwilling to distinguish between form and function.  laws are agreements among people, and as such, are socially necessary,  States make laws that enforce the interests of the ruling class, because  the State is the instrument of the ruling class.
It's not a suggestion, it's a fact. The "free market" is a psychopathic  ideology, there is zero doubt about this, except among cultists. As Robert Shiller argued, the efficient market hypothesis is "one of the most remarkable errors in the history of economic thought."
Humans are not utility maximizing, dis-utility minimizing "hedonistic  calculators" (to use Veblen's term), the behavioral assumptions of market fundamentalism are well know to be untenable. Also well know is the fact that there is such a thing as "market power," that results from inequality of distribution and advantage among market participants. Market mechanisms do not protect against misallocation of productive resources, and certainly do not guarantee justice.
Markets have a place in society, they allow social production on a larger scale than gift or communal economies, but they are not some sort of ideal, and can only exist when supported and managed by social institutions that are not "markets."
Particularly markets that use money, because transactions that are based on a commodity-money-commodity circuit effective money supply is affected by economic cycles and sectoral balances, and thus needs to be actively adjusted to prevent crisis and glut. This is well studied and understood in monetary economics, and not even your fellow cultists like David Friedman would not deny it, for instance, in a 2002 article for The Los Angeles Times, Friedman wrote "Until U.S. economic growth is more balanced and its emerging public finance challenge more manageable, it's likely that our economic prospects will fail to fire investors' and consumers' enthusiasm. An expanding public sector may be necessary at a time of global terrorism."
To get beyond authoritarian, centralized State forms, we need to develop alternatives. We can only develop alternatives by recognizing that the current forms came to exist and continue to exist because, no matter how badly, they do perform socially necessary functions, and thus any new forms can only come to exist when they can perform these functions in better Do you care to inform us of any period of history where markets thrived  while not supported and managed by non-market social institutions?

@_date: 2012-10-30 22:10:22
@_author: Dmytri Kleiner 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Bitcoin and The Public Function of Money 
I want to write a bit about the public function of money, especially as  compared to the market function of money, in light of some of the recent  discussion about Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is already a very useful technology due to the fact that it allows transactions to take place without any central authority. This alone is significant. The technology behind it is also perhaps applicable in other areas, such as the Namecoin project to replace the centralized Domain Name Does Bitcoin have the potential to replace Government fiat money? No. It doesn't. It only has the potential to be one commodity form within the money economy.
Countless books and papers have described money, money is a very complex thing which serves many functions. Keith Hart has written about the "Two Sides of the Coin," heads on one side, tails on the other. One way to interpret this might be to contrast between the public function and the market function of money.
The origin of money is tribute. The source of money is the public, in  whatever form, whether empire or democracy or something else, money is  spent on public expenditure and demanded back as tribute. Whatever its  commodity value, whether minted on gold, printed on paper or electrified  as bits in a database, this sort of money has value because it can be used to fulfill tributary obligations, for example, it can be used to pay taxes. As the entire source of this money is government spending, the amount of this money is determined by the amount we want to provide on behalf of all as a society. This is the "Heads" side.
Not all economic activity is done for money. Much of it takes, and has  historically taken, gift and kin-communal forms, where work and wealth is shared without specific prices for specific commodities, but rather on a basis of social trust and reciprocation. Markets emerge as economic  activity extends beyond communal and neighbourly forms, markets extends  the social to beyond the kin-communal, and along with such social distance come more transient relationships that can not rest on trust and reciprocation, and thus must be encompassed by spot transactions, and as a result specific prices for specific commodities and specific price relationships between commodities. With these transient relationships comes money. But this sort of money is different.
Commodities can also be traded directly, even if their relative worth is counted in "Heads" money, and trade can also be done on-account, by  credit. The amount of which is not limited to the physical amount of  "Heads" money in circulation. In the wider economy, money is endogenous,  the amount of money circulating in the economy is not a function of any  monetary base, but rather is a function of the amount of things we want to make and do for each other. More specifically, the amount we want to make and do for each other for money. This is the "Tails" side.
This is vertical money and horizontal money. Vertical money is created and destroyed by the public, horizontal money expands and contracts as a  result of the economic activity of private individuals and their  incorporated forms.
Money that has a commodity base, i.e. Gold, is not completely rooted in a particular public form, since it's value can cross international borders.
This is where Bitcoin, a digital specie essentially, emerges as a new and rather unique form of money. It's built-in cryptographic limits on supply make it essentially a virtual commodity form of money, fixed and "hard", like Gold, yet digital and transferable electronically across global telecommunications networks. As such, it has attractive features as both means of exchange and store of value. Yet, while it certainly is useful on the "Tails" side of money, as one of the various kinds of assets circulating in the global market economy, it does not serve public function well.  There is a reason that modern public forms of money are not commodities, why modern economies use "fiat" money, money that is not based in or guaranteed by conversion to any sort of commodity.
If the public restricts itself to commodity-money for public expenditure, this means that what it spends must be limited to what it taxes plus what it borrows, since commodities have a fixed available supply. And though many ignorant or simply disingenuous commentators, such as promoters of austerity, present this to be the case even now, in a modern monetary economy based upon fiat money issued by the public for public purpose, this is factually not the case.
The thing about public money is that we can have as much of it as we want to have. How much we spend relative to how much we tax is a public policy choice, and the right-wing dogma that the appropriate choice is for the budget to be balanced, for taxes to be equal to spending, is universally understood to be false, even among the most celebrated right-wing economists. In his 1948 article "A Monetary and Fiscal Framework for Economic Stability", "Chicago Boys" patriarch Milton Friedman proposed a counter-cyclical policy, where government spending would be increased beyond taxation during economic downturns, similar to Abba Lerner's "Functional Finance" which is often referred to as "Keynesian" economic policy. Whatever their ideological stripes, there is little disagreement among economists that to the degree that public budgets need to be balanced, they must be balanced relative to economic cycles and sectoral balances and not merely between annual public spending and taxation.
The balance between spending and taxes is simply the balance of the public "Heads" side of the coin, always in counter-balance with the private "Tails" side of the coin, as expressed by the activity of private interests in the global market.
It is no secret that the national State form is unsatisfactory. Not only is it burdened by its aristocratic roots, and not only is it corrupted by the fact that its modern form is largely captured by the international corporate elite, but the State is clearly unsatisfactory for modern publics as a result of the fact that static territorial forms are increasingly ineffective and inappropriate structures to serve global, distributed The public form has to evolve from the state form to the networked form, but for that to happen, new, networked public forms will need to emerge that are able to take over the socially necessary public functions. Including the management of forms of public money.
The critical feature required of public money is that we can socially  determine how much of it there is, and how much of we want to apply to  public purpose. We need ways to create and destroy public money so that we can can have a counter-balance to private activity, to manage cycles, to counter-balance economic sectors, and to socially pursue public  objectives, such as health, education, and justice.
Thus, Bitcoin's innovation in terms of creating a networked form of  commodity money is not useful in creating networked forms of public money, and as a result it does not create a way for networked public forms to replace the current State forms.
I'll be at Stammtisch this evening at 9pm, please come if you're in  Berlin, if not, R15N continues at Mal au Pixel in Paris, you can join the network by calling +33 181 97 97 11
online version is here:
