
@_date: 1994-04-01 05:56:29
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Cryptography banned in the Netherlands.... 
Right, as opposed to conservatives, who are happy to have people "threaten
the effectiveness of government and other large institutions."  So, among
"liberals" we can include Reagan, J. Edgar Hoover, Joe McCarthy, and Nixon,
all of whom took some pretty extreme steps to silence critics of
"government and other large institutions," up to and including political
assassinations.  Tell CISPES (Committee in Solidarity with the People of El
Salvador) that the hundreds of break-ins and phone taps by the FBI in the
mid-80's were intended to make sure that the former didn't increase the
effectiveness of the U.S. government too much.
Refresh my memory: which country has been destroying lives and seizing
millions of dollars' worth of private property for over a decade in a
fascistic "War on Drugs"?  In which country can people buy, sell, and smoke
pot openly without police harrassment of any kind?
Which "politically correct" president forbade a Canadian filmmaker who made
a film critical of the U.S. government to show that film here unless it had
the label "Propaganda" attached to it?
I'm no lover of "liberals" (though for very different reasons from you, to
be sure), but this is utter nonsense.  Do people really believe this stuff?
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-04-01 09:38:25
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Cryptography banned in the Netherlands.... 
Yup, that was exactly my point.  Knee-jerk generalizations like "all
liberals are evil and want to take our freedom away" are simplistic and
silly and betray a gross misunderstanding of the way things are.
Personally, I prefer to stay away from "good cops" AND "bad cops."
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-04-01 21:03:29
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Left, Right, Up, Down--Libertarian Ideas 
Yeah, I agree.  It always seemed like a tremendous kludge to me.
But anyway...In case my point was misunderstood, I should clarify.  I was
not trying to enforce conservative/liberal distinctions, which (like most
people on this list) I think are fairly meaningless.  The world is much
more complicated than that; though there are minor real differences,
supposed distinctions between "conservatives" and "liberals" are for the
most part an illusion--part of the "spectacle," to use Situationist jargon.
I responded the way I did to John Kreznar's post precisely because it
looked identical to standard Republican-style leftist-baiting, which I
unfortunately see too much of every day on the net.  John cleared this up
in personal email.  Apologies if I misunderstood or misconstrued what he
was saying.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-08-18 18:56:00
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Another crypto talk in NYC (Wed., Aug. 24) 
A friend has invited me to give a cypherpunk/crypto/clipper talk at ABC No
Rio in scenic downtown Manhattan later this month.  Here's the
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-08-27 13:42:13
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: This month's High Times 
The lead article in the news section is an anti-Clipper piece by me.  The
news editor of High Times (Bill Weinberg) is a good friend of mine and an
anarchist.  He invited me to write the article.  He definitely appreciates
this stuff (though he's not a techie himself).
   --Dave.
P.S.: Wednesday, I gave the first-ever Lower East Side schoolyard teach-in
on crypto.  The place where the talk was supposed to be held (ABC No Rio)
got padlocked by the cops at the last minute (the city's been trying to
evict them for years), so we just went across the street and held the event
in a schoolyard.  Basketball games and baby carriages all around us.  It
was a lot of fun.  Sort of felt like I was in the TV show "Room 222."
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-12-07 03:51:21
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: SWM seeks cryptographer 
A friend of mine who works for a publisher of kids' books is looking for a
real (professional) cryptographer to interview for an upcoming book.  I'm
not sure of all the details, but I think they want to ask you what crypto
is all about, how it works, why it's used, etc.  I think he said they'll
even include your photo in the book.  Anyway, this is sketchy, but you can
get more details by talking to him.  He's a good friend and a nice guy (and
very sympathetic to the cypherpunk cause).  Feel free to contact him
directly at:
rusty at panix.com
His name is Rusty.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-12-15 03:45:20
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Question for remailer operators 
For the anon remailer operators out there:
I'm looking for figures on the average number of messages that pass through
the different remailers a day (or week, or whatever).  This is for an
article I'm working on to be published in a local paper here in NYC.  I'd
appreciate any numbers I can get from any of you.  Estimates are fine if
you don't have exact figures.
(Sorry to spam the list like this.  It's just that I'm sure my list of
remailers is very out of date, and even if it's not, I wouldn't know how to
reach the operators of most of them.)
Many thanks.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-02-09 09:22:24
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Cypherpunk forum in NYC, Thurs. 2/17 
=========================================================
        On Thursday, February 17, Cypherpunks Perry Metzger
          and Dave Mandl will be speaking on the subject:
                      -----------------------
      "Crypto-Anarchy: How New Developments in Cryptography,
     Digital Anonymity, and Untraceable Digital Cash Will Make
                   the State a Thing of the Past"
                      -----------------------
               WHEN: Thursday, February 17, 7:30 p.m.
                WHERE: Penn South Community Room 7A,
                       330 W. 28 St., bet. 8 & 9 Aves.
                           New York City
        (Warning: This place is a little difficult to find,
                  but there will be signs posted.)
              This is an anarchist forum, part of the
           Libertarian Book Club's monthly forum series.
         Admission: Contribution (whatever you can afford)
     =========================================================

@_date: 1994-07-03 17:20:04
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: PC Expo summary!! 
Just for the record: I discussed the transcript with RAR (though I didn't
see it) before he posted it.  I made it clear that anything he did with it
was OK with me.  The "copyright" issue is funny: Personally, I generally
anti-copyright things like that.  I didn't even notice the "copyright" when
I quickly skimmed the transcript (which is all I've had time to do--just
checking to see whether I'd made any obviously bone-headed statements).  I
assume it was meant kind of tongue-in-cheek, and nothing more; I agree that
it might call undue attention to the group and piss off list members who
don't want that transcript representing them.  That's perfectly reasonable.
Again, far as I'm concerned, I'd rather the "c" word just didn't appear.
Yeah, it may not be the best piece to distribute to the general public
since, as Perry pointed out, this was specifically an anarchist talk.  The
audience consisted mainly of people who already consider themselves
anarchists and would therefore be interested in these new developments from
that perspective.  Don't know how much sense it makes to people who don't
accept that to begin with.  Personally, I usually don't shy away from using
blatantly political language when I think it's necessary or appropriate,
regardless of the audience (on my radio show, for example), but I can see
how people might think it's counter-productive here.
As far as distribution goes, I'm glad it was posted to the list, at least.
Beyond that, anything that's OK with Perry is OK with me.  But there's no
reason that all list members should be blamed for that talk.  It was just
me and Perry, speaking for ourselves.
One more thing: If anyone were to _charge_ anything for copies of that
transcript beyond a reasonable "handling" fee, I'd be REALLY mad.  That
doesn't include Perry, of course, but I doubt that he's considering making
his fortune off that anyway.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-07-17 19:54:05
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: ID card from hell 
Just for the hell of it...
How much do I get for identifying that quote?  It's from the song "1984"
by the band Spirit, a single released in late 1969.
I'm really impressed, Duncan.
   --Dave.

@_date: 1994-06-19 15:56:15
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Decline and Fall 
Not true.  Chomsky is an anarchist.  He would never make a statement like that.
Just for the record...
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-03-06 18:21:43
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: PGP (surprise, surprise..) 
jmueller at gac.edu says:
Completely untrue.  I can assure you that RSA was no more appeased by 2.3
than by 2.2, though there is now of course a truly legal version in
ViaCrypt PGP.  Source code for the guerilla-ware versions is as always
available for your inspection, and you're free to compile it yourself.  You
should use the latest one, period (I believe it's currently 2.3a for MS-DOS
and UNIX; MacPGP is 2.3).
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-03-26 12:26:40
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Yet another crypto/Clipper article 
This time it's the magazine "New Media."  The cypherpunks are mentioned
prominently, and there are a few quotes (or more) from tcmay.  Seemed like
a pretty sympathetic piece, based on my quick skim of it.  It's also fairly
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-05-27 20:26:58
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: If you don't vote... 
At the risk of prolonging an irrelevant thread, I feel I've got to point
out the bum logic in this argument.
If you go to Las Vegas, put a thousand bucks down on the blackjack table,
and lose, you can't complain.  You made a bet knowing the risks involved,
and you lost.  You would gladly have accepted the profits if you'd won.
If a blackjack dealer comes over and takes a thousand dollars out of my
pocket, he's just robbed me.
If you vote, you're tacitly accepting that it's a fair game and agreeing to
abide by the rules.  If your candidate loses, that's the way the cookie
crumbles.  If you don't vote because you think the whole game is rigged and
don't want any part of it, you're clean.  You never wanted to play to begin
Many people on this list are familiar with Lysander Spooner's article "No
Treason," which explains that the Constitutional "contract" is not a
binding contract at all, because you and I never signed anything.  Same
I understand why some anarchists vote (though I think it's a big mistake),
but there's no way I can be told that I've got no right to complain because
I didn't agree to play.
If you DO vote, don't complain.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-05-28 23:27:04
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: The Assault on Unicorn has Begun 
Some random and unorganized thoughts on this whole issue from the list's
token anti-capitalist:
Bob Black (the anarchist) has declared that he has a standing "no first
use" policy regarding the state.  He won't sic the cops on anyone unless
they do it first.  Noam Chomsky has publicly stated that, on principle, he
won't sue anyone for defamation or libel no matter what they do--and he's
had plenty of opportunities.  I feel the same way (though I don't see
completely eye-to-eye with either of those guys).  I would have to be
harmed in a VERY serious way before I'd consider calling the cops.  As for
lawsuits, pretty much the same thing goes, and I almost can't imagine suing
anyone for something they _say_ about me.  This is something I never think
about; it seems absolutely basic to my anarchist views.
Unicorn: If you choose to be involved with the straight business world,
you've got to deal with the heat.  MY views could potentially get me in
much more hot water than yours could, but I (grudgingly) accept the risk.
I'm not dying to have the capitalists I work for see my rants, but if they
do, I've got to live with it.  They know me and know that I've never
screwed them, and they can believe what they want to believe.  I'm not
thrilled about this, but c'est la vie.
You wimped out at the very first sign of heat, and invoked the LAW (i.e,
the state) as your first line of defense.  I don't think you specified
exactly what the settlement with tmp was, but what could it have possibly
been?  Payment to you?  How would that have helped assuage the concerns of
your business associates?  An apology from tmp to the associates?  Big
deal.  The guy's obviously a nut-ball, and you could have explained that;
presumably the associates have some amount of trust in you.  If it _was_ a
payment, that's just sleazy and greedy, the standard ambulance-chaser
cliche ("You've done irreparable damage to me, but maybe if you agreed to
pay me $3,000...").  And how could the tiny amount tmp could afford
compensate for the "millions" of dollars you've lost?  If the settlement
was for an apology, again, big deal--do the associates take this anonymous
net.lunatic seriously enough that an apology would make everything all
better?  And you now look silly, because he's reneged on that part of the
deal anyway.  So in this case, using the lawyer weapon has had much the
same effect as the standard statist weapon ("I know: we'll pass a LAW!
_That_ will stop them!")--that is, no effect at all.
Tim May (who I have certain obvious philosophical differences with) has
been completely consistent on this issue, and his word carries that much
more weight because he's been subjected to Detweiler's most relentless
battering.  THIS is the real world.  Your anarchist principles have just
been put to the test, and you buckled, immediately falling back on a
statist solution.  "Right-wing" anarchists are always bashing liberals and
"P.C." types for being thin-skinned and unable to stand up to harmless
name-calling.  Well, you've shown yourself to be just as thin-skinned.  The
only difference I see is that there's MONEY involved.  So?  Liberals are
wimps for trying to sue you for calling them names, but you're justified in
suing because the name-calling has cost you money?  And all because you're
dealing with straights who can't handle reality?  And meanwhile, YOU'RE the
one who messed up and blew your own cover?  Hmmm...
It's very late, and I'm groggy, so I apologize in advance if any of the
above seems unnecessarily blunt.  It's not intended that way.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
Planetary Work Machine, Brooklyn Branch
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1994-09-29 16:01:03
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: REGIONAL MEETING 
Not a good time for me, I'm afraid.  I'm on the radio at that hour every
Saturday (and I don't get back to the city till 3 or so).  Actually, I'm
missing my show that day anyway because I'm going away for the weekend.
Would it be possible to do it some Sunday instead (though not the 9th, of
course), or a weeknight?  If not, I'll catch the next meeting, I guess
(unless it's on a Saturday afternoon).
Would Sunday the 16th be OK for this meeting, or do folks not want to wait
that long?
   --Dave.
P.S.: My apartment would also be available for future meetings if it's needed.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-08-03 08:48:35
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: NYET--attempted formal specs (again) 
Precisely.  *Everyone* hates the government--everyone outside of it, that
is.  Anarchist/libertarian types are often too quick to accept people or
groups as "one of us" just because they're "against the government," whatever that means.  Most of them are just waiting to gain power, at
which time their true agenda will become clear soon enough, if it isn't The relevant example here is the religious fundamentalist kook Pat
Robertson, who IMHO cypherpunks are a little too quick to accept at his
word.  Robertson holds some pretty blatantly fascistic views--and this is
not hyperbole.  See for example the long piece about him in the New York
Review of Books a few months back.  A journalist friend of mine is also
working on a piece about one of Robertson's gurus--a fascist (again, no
exaggeration) from the 30's or 40's whose book Robertson quotes from on a
regular basis.  I've seen the book in question, and it's pretty strong
stuff.  When I learned about this connection I wasn't particularly
surprised. Personally, I don't care whether Robertson has opposed Clipper or not.  I won't complain, I guess, but it doesn't change my views on him.  I'm sure many serial killers and neo-nazis opposed Clipper too.  Fine, but it doesn't exactly make us best buds.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-08-16 06:46:58
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Zimmermann wins Chrysler Award 
There's a full-page ad on page A9 of today's Wall Street Journal
announcing the winners of the "1995 Chrysler Award of Innovation in
Design."  One of the six winners is Phil Zimmermann.  I quote:
"Philip Zimmermann is the designer of Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), an
E-mail encryption software.  Thanks to the algorithms of PGP, which
was released to the public as free software in 1991, E-mail messages
can be sent securely all over the world without risk of interception
by any third party."
In case you're interested:
"For the past three years, Chrysler Corporation has been honoring
outstanding designers.  By showcasing great innovations in fields such
as graphic, interactive, product, architectural, and environmental
designs, Chrysler strives to bring well-deserved attention to those
designers whose common attribute is a passionate commitment to their
Among the other winners: the hip graphic design group Reverb and
"carceral" architect Frank Gehry.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-08-29 06:46:16
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Decoder ring 
High-Tech Company Goes Back to the Future with Decoder Rings
The Stuff of Cereal Box-Tops Becomes Real Repository of Data and Computer ID
Once, the only way to get a decoder ring was to carve up cereal
box-tops or comic-book covers.
Now Dallas Semiconductor Corp. is creating its own high-tech version of the "decoder" ring.  Although this one doesn't break any codes, it can unlock some doors of information.  It consists of a 64000-bit microchip, embedded in a silver ring made by class-rings titan Jostens Inc., of The rings can be implanted with a replica of a driver's license, credit-card numbers and even a digitized photograph.  Company officials say they hope the ring's data-carrying capability will help bring personal information literally to one's fingertips.
"My wallet's stuffed with a dozen different plastic cards," said Hal Kurkowski, Dallas Semiconductor's group manager for auto-identification products.  "It's an awful mess.  You could put all that and more into the ring and not have a four-inch-thick wallet."
The ring is triggered when the metal piece at the head of the ring comes in contact with a data reader.  To prevent theft, the ring can be formated so that it only can be used in conjunc tion with a password, Mr. Kurkowski said.
The technology already is being used at Dallas Semiconductor's headquarters, as something of a company ID card, said Syd Coppersmith, director of public relations.
"I use it to get into my office, and it records who I am and when I went in," she said.  "There's a reader on my PC, and I use it to get into my The rings cost about $60 each, while readers that can be plugged into a computer can be purchased for about $80.
Ms. Coppersmith said several security companies already have the technology to install such readers for their clients.  She said the system also has been tested commercially at a warehoiuse, where employees used the ring to record inventory changes.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-08-29 16:18:07
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Searchnet 
Oh boy, my two favorites: (1) racist, anti-semitic scum and (2)
international mass-murderer-trainers and baby-torturers.    --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-02-05 19:02:57
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: signature validation on secure edit messages 
Good point.  But if you turn word wrap off, your message will go out as one long line, or one long line for each paragraph.  Most smart mail programs will handle this cleanly, but I assume there are still many that won't.  Have all the people who are using PGP with Eudora been sending mail without line breaks?  Is this not a problem for 99.99% of the mail-reading software out there?
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:21:01
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
Yup, this stuff is subject to change about every week--so much so that at
WFMU, our station manager simply imposed one set of fairly "conservative"
restrictions on "obscene" language at _all_ hours, set it down on paper,
and left it at that.  Can't blame him, as the guidelines were changing
literally every few months and at one point it was very easy to be
operating based on last month's rules.  "Safe harbor" loopholes,
disclaimers, etc., are history right now as far as I know, but of course it
may have changed.
I think the important thing is for the program director to have some
"responsible" codified policy to show to the FCC if they hassle you.  They
mainly want to know that s/he's keeping an eye on things and has some
coherent house rules.  This sucks, of course, but probably makes life
easier in the long run.  I have occasionally let a naughty word on a record
slip by (accidentally, of course), and no one's going to make a big deal
about it.
For a while, we were all convinced that the FCC left all these rules
impossibly vague on purpose, just so that you didn't even know how to obey
the law if you wanted to.  Everyone a potential criminal.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-01-20 19:57:18
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Hakim Bey URL, etc. 
The URL for the Hakim Bey web site (someone might have already posted this) is:
Except from the Hakim Bey interview in "Axcess" magazine (conducted last
"I have to admit I felt a certain intense interest, perhaps even amounting
to a potential enthusiasm, when this tech was first being discussed," Bey
told me.  I'd read William Gibson like the rest of us, and I certainly
understood his dystopian point, but nevertheless, when Tim Leary and people
like that began to get enthusiastic, I had to investigate on that level.  I
haven't seen much evidence that what Uncle Tim thought was going to happen
is really happening.  Once again, any technology could be democratic if it
were distributed, you know what I mean?  It's a simple Marxist thing about
means of production.  There's nothing inherently authoritarian--at least at
first glance--to any technology, although one could argue about how
technology then shapes the society that has already shaped the technology
in a kind of feedback loop that can move towards greater and greater
authoritarianism or lack of autonomy.  The potential for what, back in the
50's and 60's, people were calling electronic democracy, is obviously still
there as a potential structure.  You can see certain elements of it in the
Net, but when you're talking about the high tech involved in virtual
reality you're really talking about something that is not accesible to most
people.  And I think it probably never will be.  There's never going to be
any cheap VR kit that's going to allow a dock worker in Manila to get on
some kind of cyberspace Internet, much less a dock worker in Atlanta--or
me, for example."
Bey was equally gloomy about the future of the Internet.  "My impression is
that 90 per cent of what goes out over it is completely unrelated to any
kind of freedom interests, autonomy proposals or projects, or struggles for
genuine non-hierarchical, non-authoritarian group dynamic.  Most of it is
just chit-chat--banal chit-chat that could just as easily be carried out
over an old-fashioned party line phone."
Unabashed in my online addiction, I couldn't help but ask if he saw _any_
way to realize the internet as a T.A.Z.
"I'm led to believe, through conversations with people who are much more
techie and active than I am, that cypher--unbreakable code--is the key.  So
the cypherpunks are the people to keep an eye on at this moment.  They tend
to be the ones who are most active around freedom of speech
issues...whether legal or extra-legal.  Even so, Bey felt that the powers
that be will never allow the "Information Superhighway" to develop
"I think Clipper was a declaration of war on the Net.  The fact that the
egg is on their face, because within ten minutes some hacker figured out
how to beat the Clipper, is an indication of--oh, let's call it an area of
chaos.  Within areas of chaos, either horrible destruction and disease and
death occur.  Or, if you're flowing the right way, and if all hearts are
beating in unison to a certain degree, then that area of chaos can become
the T.A.Z.  Now I've said over and over again that there's no such thing as
a T.A.Z. that's only on the Net, and I maintain that that's true.  In order
to have autonomy, you have to have physicality.  Autonomy is not something
that can only exist in the imagination or in the world of images.  I think
that it involves the entirety, the whole axial being, and that is rooted in
the earth and concerns physicality, materiality, the body--mortality, if
you like--as contrasted to the spurious immortality of cyberspace.  But I
still maintain that, at least in theory, the Net could be an adjunct to the
T.A.Z., could be a tool or a weapon, even, if you want to look at it that
way, for the construction of the T.A.Z."
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-01-31 22:10:16
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: How the cypherpunks nearly got me fired (long) 
This is a true story.
Yesterday, I found out that the mail at the company I work for is being
read by SAs on a regular basis.  The company is so ignorant about the net,
so stingy, and so paranoid, that they're terrified by the possibilities of
our internet access (which is crippled: email only, with a misconfigured
sendmail, no less; no ftp or telnet; no Usenet).  People receiving email
from outside could be receiving JPEGs or sound files--all
non-business-related, and therefore wasteful of company resources and
valuable employee time.  This in a biggish and very profitable Wall Street
firm.  These people are serious dinosaurs.
So they installed a pathetic scanning program.  Since the evil filetypes
are "usually uuencoded," their scanner greps all incoming mail for
"^begin"--no kidding--and stops the message right there if it's found.  I
found this out yesterday when my boss got a call from an SA: turns out he'd
been mailed a PostScript file from a vendor (some documentation we were
waiting for), and a "begin" statement in the file triggered the alarm.
After my boss assured him that it was just a user's manual, the SA let it
Today, I was sitting in my boss's office in a routine meeting when _his_
boss (let's call him Larry) came by.  He said that _his_ boss (this is now
my boss's boss's boss--let's call her Mary) wanted to talk to me.  I had no
clue what she wanted, and neither did my direct boss, which seemed
particularly strange.  One thought that crossed my mind was that they were
going to give me a promotion, which I deserve and which it had been
obliquely suggested I might be getting soon.  Ha.
I walked with Larry over to our other building, four blocks away.  We went
up to Mary's office, and there she was, sitting with another woman I'd
never met.  The latter was introduced to me as--oh, let's call her "Paula."
There was a printout on the table.  Glancing at it out of the corner of my
eye, I noticed that it was a piece of email and got a chill.  Had they
intercepted email from me to a friend telling him how much the company I
work for sucks (which, ironically, I'd done just yesterday when I found out
about the mail-scanning)?  Would these three execs actually call me on this
and ask me to explain it?  I was very nervous, even though they had a piece
of MY PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE in their hands.
Paula started off by explaining to me that they'd just installed this nifty
scanning program to catch illicit or potentially dangerous software coming
in from the outside.  Here was a piece of email, sent to me, containing a
uuencoded binary file inside of it (actually, it was just C source code, as
the header plainly stated).  From the comments at the front of the message,
it was clear that this was a piece of software intended to circumvent
firewalls, breach network security, and intentionally mask the identity of
the culprit.  (I'm more or less quoting from memory here; I only got to
glance at the comments, so I don't know exactly what the code does; it was
posted by Matt Ghio a day or two ago).  Why was I having a program like
this mailed to me?
I explained that it was sent to a mailing list that I subscribe to.  The
mailing list is concerned with encryption and data security.  This is just
something that someone on the list happened to post.  I have no control
over what people post to the list.  I read and save what's of interest to
me on the list and trash the rest, like everyone else does.
Why did I have this message forwarded from my private account to my work
account? she wanted to know.  Because I have all my mail from that
particular ("techie") list forwarded to my work account, the same way that
I keep all my other technical documentation at work--my Perl manual, my
Unix manuals, etc.  She actually pointed out that she saw the word
"cyberpunk" on the message (that's right, she can't even read), and this
also caused her concern.  (I would have been interested in hearing her
explanation for that.)
She started huffing and puffing about how this all made her very very
worried.  If there's no way to control this kind of thing, she'll just have
to turn everyone's internet access off (or just mine).  I said, "Look, I'll
turn off the forwarding when I get home tonight and not have any of this
stuff forwarded to me here any more."  She said, "Yes, naturally."
The discussion ended with her asking ME what they can do to assuage their
fears and prevent evil programs like this from being sent to employees of
the company.  I said that there wasn't much they could do; this stuff is
freely available, and if it isn't emailed in, people can still bring it in
on floppy discs.  It also could be mailed un-uuencoded (why was it
uuencoded anyway?)--and then what would they do, scan everyone's mail for
'{'?  What I didn't feel like saying at that particular place and time was
that people could just as easily bring sledgehammers in, or trash databases
using their legitimate access.  Unfortunately, the company has just got to
trust its employees.  I didn't actually say any of that because I just
wanted to get out of there.  I was getting bad flashbacks of being sent to
the principal's office in third grade.
My internet access at work is probably history; maybe everyone else's, too.
(Our access is so crippled that there are probably only four people who
even get mail from the outside; and as I said, there's no news or
ftp/telnet access.  I use it for nothing more than reading cypherpunks,
actually.  The system is so badly maintained that I'd never trust it for
personal email.)  I now have to start receiving and reading cypherpunk mail
at home, which presents a problem because my personal time is very limited,
whereas at work mail trickles in during the course of the day and is easily
managed.  This may mean I have to unsubscribe soon, after two and a half
years (almost since day one of the list).  I love Big Brother.
P.S.: I've tried to avoid injecting my personal politics into this story.
Yes, I know that as the owner of the connection, they've got the right to
do whatever they want (and this seems to be borne out by the ECPA
documents, which at a friend's suggestion I read as soon as I got home--too
bad, because I'd have seriously considered legal action).  I just thought
you might enjoy this little story, and would want to keep it in mind if
you're ever considering employment at Bear-Stearns.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-07-29 13:02:58
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: The little sex kitten 
Far as I can tell, this is meaningless.  If you sign a paper "consenting"
to email monitoring by your employer, they've got a green light, period.
And under those circumstances, I'd think very few companies would be
foolish enough not to just ask you to sign.  So the only ones who have to
worry are those who don't get your "permission" first, and probably more
and more companies will just be more up front about it in the future.
The tightwad, privacy-loathing scumbags I work for sprang just such a
document on us recently, and after squirming and bitching about it for a
while, I actually did sign, simply because I wasn't prepared to lose my job
at that point.  My fear, based on well-established tradition, is that
eventually this will become widespread and more and more employers will
monitor email, with coerced "consent."
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-10-09 10:59:21
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: PC disk wipe software 
Norton Utilities has been able to do this for a long time.  I think
the program is called  (wipe "unused" area of a disk), and I
believe there's also a  that will obliterate a file.  These
things are supposed to conform to some unspecified "government
guidelines," so you decide how good they are.  My guess is that
they're plenty good enough.
   --D.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-07 11:46:16
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Collection of personal info 
Goody.  In this virtual world, we can also abolish all taxes, remove
all restrictions on crypto use, or even get rid of the government
altogether.  I just hope I can find enough food there.
...I won't have to deal with the inefficiencies of real sex, live
music performances, or (non-virtual) world travel ever again.
Yeah, it'll wipe it out.
I've got to tell you, Duncan, this kind of rhetoric pushes me over to
the luddite side more every day.
No flame intended--just one man's opinion.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-16 11:01:54
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" Newsgroup vs. Mailing List? 
A lot of people on the list seem to see it as a corporation that has to
show X% growth for its shareholders every year.
The list is a healthy size, and there are a lot of very bright people on it
with very good ideas (a lot of the best people and best ideas in the field,
in fact).  Traffic is pretty high, too.  I don't see any reason to try to
increase our market share just for the sake of it.
Even worse, it seems to me that what some people are suggesting (and this
comes up at least once a year) will lead to increased entropy, with us, the
EFF, EPIC, etc., etc., blending into one amorphous lobbying blob.  This is
a unique list of people doing VERY IMPORTANT work that no one else is
doing.  To tell you the truth, I think that to date cypherpunks have left a
much greater mark on the world than the EFF and all of the others.  No
question about it.
Again (as others have said over and over), if people are concerned about
better lobbying, this isn't the place for it--and the good news for you is
that there are plenty of other groups with the resources, staff, and
mission to do it.  So what's the problem?
If you're embarrassed mentioning our name to your straight friends, c'est
la vie.  I wish I could show my boss my brilliant article in the new issue
of ANARCHY, but I can't.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-21 18:31:04
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Netscape closes up 1 3/8 today! 
This assumes that you're trying to sell something.  Some people actually
have no use or desire for publicity.  Publicity has caused a quick and
painful death to many scenes, movements, cabals, and "temporary autonomous
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-22 12:47:17
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Another Netscape Bug (and possible security hole) 
Is that the new MS-Word you're thinking of?  I hear that it lets you
imbed macros containing executable code in documents.  That's got to
be one of the most dangerous ideas ever cooked up.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-23 08:13:31
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: HEY!!! WAS: The Next Hack 
Looks like we've got a perfect candidate for the first Official Cypherpunks
Press Release, folks.
   --D.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-23 08:46:30
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: HEY!!! WAS: The Next Hack 
Sigh.  In case there was any misunderstanding, it was a JOKE.  I was making
a comment about "Censored Girl's" loony-bin post as well as recent
proposals that we should be issuing official press releases.  Surely my
subtle sense of humor isn't THAT subtle.  Here:
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-24 08:12:53
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: macworld crypto articles 
Yup, pretty amazing.  I only skimmed the article, but I believe that out of
all the programs he tried, there was only one whose crypto he couldn't
crack.  I found it all a little hard to believe.  I mean, even if they used
the most obsolete algorithm, wouldn't you have to know _something_ about
cryptanalysis to crack it?  Are these vendors just putting a "this file is
locked with this such and such a password" string at the front of the file,
or what?
Interesting historical note: In my old APL days (early 80's), IBM used to
lock their VSAPL workspaces with just such a scheme--a "locked bit" at some
fixed position in the file.  But there were enough other reasons not to use
that horrible product...
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:07:19
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: (Another) WSJ article 
Another security flaw that has long plagued the Internet has been
found in software by Netscape Communications Corp. and others, raising
concerns for the privacy and safety of information on the global
computer network.
The flaw in Netscape's popular Navigator software, which helps users
cruise the multimedia portion of the Internet known as the World Wide
Web, is the third defect in the software discovered by the
"Cypherpunks" discussion group in little over a month.
[end of excerpt--it's a long article]
The article quotes William Cheswick and Rich Lethin, and mentions the
cypherpunks several times.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-27 07:27:40
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: PGP and FBI? 
Any more details on this?  I know people who do shows on BAI.  What
was the date/time of the show?  If this is true, it's pretty sad,
especially since BAI's well known for being a "political" station.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1995-09-29 12:37:11
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Info War Comes Home 
A couple of things jump to mind:
Though I know you only used War as a metaphor, even that rubs me the
wrong way.  I don't like wars or people who fight them--namely States,
bullies (BIG bullies), and other Territorial Gangsters.  It's an
authoritarian, hierarchical model, even though I realize you're using
it loosely.  Your piece is very short on details, but the few you give
all employ the War metaphor: "neighborhood defense," sensors, video
cameras, etc.
I have no problem with some of these things per se, especially if
they're targeted against the State, but I also have no interest in
living in a kind of permanent war zone.  This strikes me as a negative
approach versus the more positive approach of, say, mutual assistance
groups like the "tong."  (Hakim Bey wrote an excellent essay on tongs
and their applicability to modern anarchist groups, btw.  If anyone's
interested, send me an email message with subject "TONG PLEASE" and
it'll be sent to you automatically.)
Anyone attracted by the idea of urban warfare should read Mike Davis's
excellent "City of Quartz."  He's talking about the modern city
(specifically, L.A.) as a war zone pitting _haves against have-nots,_
but the idea is the same, and it's scary as hell.
I'm ambivalent, to say the least, about the mania for getting
everything in the world WIRED, but if you want to convince me you'll
have to come up with a model that offers me something _constructive._
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-02-03 14:32:59
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Imminent Death of Usenet Predicted 
On that note...
A good friend of mine was fired (forced to resign) from her Wall Street
programming job recently.  The reason: her employer "just happened" to
stumble onto a message she'd posted to a mailing list a year ago, in which
she'd said some "very unflattering" things about the company.  The message
in question was posted from her personal email account (so it in no way
violated the company's rather strict internet use policy) and was the only
such message she'd ever posted.
However, one other piece of email was cited, this one also containing an
unflattering reference to the company but never mentioning them by name.
The obvious conclusion is that they hadn't merely come across this stuff in
an innocent Alta Vista search for "Company Name," but rather had searched
for my friend's name specifically.
My friend is looking into various legal options, so she's asked me not to
say any more for now.  But I consider this a very serious development and a
frightening precedent.  The company in question, incidentally, also does
routine scans of email and archives all incoming and outgoing mail.
As I and others have been saying for a while: what's happening on the net
is another "enclosures" movement.  Yes, I know that on this list that's a
politically incorrect view.  Deal with it.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-02-05 05:07:43
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
How about a full-color, actual-size GIF of an erect penis?  I think
that ought to get the message across to most concerned parents that my
web page is not for little Johnny.
   --D.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-02-07 12:16:00
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: How to prevent a virus infection :-) 
Certainly not my former employer.  This guy seems to know far too much
about net security to work there.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-02-20 05:30:52
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Remailers not heard from; info? 
Even more important, I believe that many (most?) remailers still leave
signatures in by default.  This is extremely dangerous, and inconvenient
too, since some mail programs make you jump through hoops to turn off the
signature feature.  I think it'd be a good idea if ALL remailers omitted
them by default and, if anything, allowed the sender to optionally leave
his or her signature in (though I imagine that'd be a rare request).
I know that there's no sure-fire way to find signatures that aren't
prefixed by, say "--", but that's better than nothing.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-02-29 02:03:33
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: "wisecrackers" by Levy in March Wired 
^^^
Hmmm...When did Echo move to York New City?
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-01-02 18:41:06
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
I agree.  It's not a good idea to assume that there's going to be some kind
of widespread opposition movement when the big Net Crackdown comes.  Most
people will either obey the law, be unaffected by it, or violate it in very
insignificant ways ("net jaywalking").  There's strength in numbers, but I
just don't think the numbers will be there.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com
  <---Completely overhauled--tons of new stuff

@_date: 1996-01-04 13:29:49
@_author: dmandl at panix.com 
@_subject: Why Net Censorship Doesn't Work 
In other words: If people dump communism for capitalism, it shows how
the free market will always triumph, and if people dump capitalism for
communism, it shows how stupid and shortsighted humans are.  Hmmmm...
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-01-22 12:15:21
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Crypto comedy 
During some free time over the holidays, I finally got around to HTML-izing
a bunch of articles I've had published over the years.  These are among the
most riotously funny things ever written.
However, one of these pieces may be of particular interest to cypherpunks,
as it revolves around cryptography.  Be warned that the piece has no
scientific merit whatsoever, and even misuses some archaic crypto terms.  I
was aware of it at the time, but I knew that 99.9% of people would never
notice.  (This was six years ago, long before cryptography became hip.)
The piece is called "Ching Chow's Hidden Agenda."  (Ching Chow was a comic
that used to appear in the New York Daily News.)
That's:  (choose the "Some things I've written"
There's some other interesting stuff on my web pages as well, with equally
little scientific merit.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-01-22 21:32:09
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Query over PZ 
Seems to me Ms. Anonymous wasn't taking it seriously, but was posting the
news clip here for our amusement, or to show the kind of shabby work some
journalists do, or to scare us by demonstrating how insane rumors get
I can't imagine that anyone who knows the address of the cypherpunks list
and can use an anonymous remailer could take a ridiculous claim like that
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-01-27 09:13:25
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: Nym use in the real world 
Very good points.  Just saying "use anonymity" is often a gross
oversimplification for several reasons.  One of the problems I've been
thinking about recently is that I may want only a special group of people,
and no one else, to know that I'm responsible for a post.  A nym won't work
in this case.
As has been pointed out here before, a lot of people are going to be
getting in trouble for things they posted to obscure newsgroups or mailing
lists four years ago.  How do I make sure that I get credit for something
I've posted, but avoid the Alta Vista police?  There are a few feeble
solutions, like:
h  w  t  w  s  t  c  b  s  f  w  A  V
i  o  h  a  o  h  a  e  e  o  i  l  i
d  r  i  y     e  n     a  r  t  t  s
i  d  s        y  '     r     h  a  t
n  s              t     c           a
g                       h
                        e
                        d
...but someone will undoubtedly find a way to search for these things
eventually, or they can just subscribe to the list!
Anonymity is a pain in the ass, frankly, which is why I've never used it.
True, I've never needed to post anything really sensitive, but going
through life as "Black Unicorn" (no offence, BU) is just an unacceptable
inconvenience as far as I'm concerned.  Sort of like having to live on the
lam, which I'm sure is no party.
It seems there are more and more situations where encryption and anonymity
aren't enough.  One obvious case is the web, where I may want to put
something of questionable legality on my home page.  There's no way that
crypto will render the laws irrelevant in this case.  Can I get an offshore
account and post the offending graphic there?  Yes, but it's a pain.  And
when the big net crackdown comes, I wonder whether the U.S. will pressure
other countries to participate and help them wipe out these data and gif
The net is moving farther and farther away from being a "Temporary
Autonomous Zone," meaning there are fewer and fewer pockets to hide or get
lost in.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-03-06 22:08:39
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: "Political Life in Cyberspace" forum, NYC, 3/12/96 
For those of you in the NYC area, I'm presenting a forum next week on
"Political Life in Cyberspace" (not my title).  I'm going to skip the
boring net-boosterism and talk mainly about several bleak scenarios I've
been thinking about for the past year or two: the imminent death of the
net, the impossibility of digital privacy, and various impending threats,
like government/corporate crackdowns on privacy, the disneyfication of the
net and conversion to a digital Home Shopping Network, Alta Vista and the
increase in dossiers, etc.  If I'm in a good mood, I may also talk about
how a very close friend of mine was fired for making "unflattering remarks"
about her employer on the cypherpunks list.
Here are the details:
                         Date: Tuesday, March 12
       Place: The Brecht Forum, 122 West 27 St., 10th Floor (NYC)
                             Time: 8:00 p.m.
                    Price: FREE (donation requested)
             ---------------------------------------------
                           An anarchist forum
                 presented by the Libertarian Book Club
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com

@_date: 1996-03-17 20:56:33
@_author: David Mandl 
@_subject: PolicyMaker paper available 
^^^^^^^^^^
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Yeah, not only that, but you need one of them fancy modem contraptions to
get it.
   --Dave.
Dave Mandl
dmandl at panix.com
