
@_date: 2001-08-02 08:46:28
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Red Light Cameras, I don't get it. 
years ago, when I was a MP in Germany, I used
to chuckle over the red light cameras and camera
speed traps used by the Polizei. Neat idea, never
work in the states, we have a 4th amendment after all.
Then the technology started moving over here. I was
suprised at first, but then, I though about how
many bank cameras had been used to build cases
against bank robbers, and no one ever fussed about
I wasn't very happy about this, but again, no one
ever fussed about cameras in banks, or convience
stores et al. I still don't like it, years ago, when these things started showing up in Alexandria Va, someone posted to the list about it, and no
one even commented. So I figgured it was a
non issue. Now, for some reason, folks are getting their
panties in a knot over this.
What's the big deal? Yeah, big brother has a new surveillence tool, so what?

@_date: 2001-08-27 18:35:47
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
And don't forget, you must have and give up in addition
to sexual favors, lots and lots and lots and lots of money in 2, 3 and 4  thousand dollar chunks totalling
a few hundred thousand a year.

@_date: 2001-07-23 06:47:08
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: What the Swiss have 
It does work here, Here, there are a lot of guns in the population. In places "Here" where there
aren't any idiotic gun laws, the law
abiding peacable folks keep guns. In these
places there are remarkably low homicide and
armed crime rates.
There is a direct correlation between
the restrictive gun laws and crime, the
higher the crime, the tighter the restriction
on peacable citizens right to bear arms.
The tighter the restriction on peaceable
citizens right to bear arms, the higher the crime. Why this simple logic eludes the anti-gunners is a complete and total
mystery to me. It can only be
deleberate.

@_date: 2001-11-01 07:24:55
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: DMCA UCITA, where's the beef? (off topic) 
Aside from Dimitry, Has any "person" been successfully prosecuted under
the DMCA? or under UCITA? or any other of these
anti-piracy laws in the US? Operation Sundevil took place a relatively long
time ago. We all hear dire warnings relative to
software piracy and rumors of the Secret Service
showing up and shutting a company down for bootleg
M$ Office products and such things. But has anything
like this actually happened? Yes, I hear folks go on and on about Steve Jackson
Games, but I haven't seen anyone really concern themselves
too much about the millions of bootlegs of M$ and Adon'tBee
products in use in corporate america. Where lies the truth?

@_date: 2001-10-19 06:16:19
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Your papers please 
Ed Abby, rest his ill-tempered soul, would be
very proud.

@_date: 2001-10-19 06:27:12
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Your papers please 
It's dodgy. I wish I could quote chapter and verse, but I don't recall.
The closest you could come and /maybe/ get away with it, would
be to have a cell activated and your lawyer on the line. LE would still cop a major attitude. They DO NOT like being
documented. They have some laws or regulations backing them up on it as
well. I looked into this about 5 years ago when a neighboring state was
starting to get into the "Papers Please, Ausweiss Controll Bitte" mind set in their "war on drugs". The thought was for me, a clean
for many years fellow, to drive a profilable vehicle in profilable
manner, while wired through potential drug checkpoint areas trying
to attract a bust. Our lawyer decided it was way too dodgy legally.
Some folks are going to want to call bullshit on this, and
I welcome it. I thought at the time, I could record, video
tape, transmit pretty much whatever I wanted. Turned out that
there are special "things" involved with surveilling the surveillers.

@_date: 2001-10-24 14:06:41
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
True, Unions are idiotic.
Being the spawn of the southwest wv coal fields, I can promise that the boss who tries to get you
some pay is somewhat better than the boss who just as soon
have you machine gunned if you don't want to work
for free.

@_date: 2001-09-12 06:25:26
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Hi Normesco;
If you had ever lived in an armed society, you would understand why this isn't the case. I've lived where pretty much everyone was armed pretty much all of the time. I can
promise you that this bad, childish behavior
simply doesn't occur. Even when folks get
very cranked up at one another, the arguments,
while heated tend to stay somewhat civil.
These reasons you cite for not allowing folks
to be armed go away very quickly when the sheepish victim mentality that is inherit
in the powerless is removed. When folks are held accountable for their
behavior, they behave better.

@_date: 2001-09-12 14:58:22
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Why, oh why, do folks keep insisting that if the US were like so-an-so, than such-an-such wouldn't
have happened.
There is no country like the U.S.
Likening the U.S. to these small state-countries
is truly an apples and oranges type comparison.

@_date: 2001-09-13 15:39:45
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Not too sure, I certainly agree that these folks are not "cows", but as to rising
up in arms when provoked, that takes a specific type. An example would
be the so called silent majority of gun owners in America, all of
whom expressed outrage over Ruby Ridge, and then later, Waco. A lot
of these folks, if you follow the boards, bbses in those days, claimed
that after then president G.Bush Sr's assault weapons ban, that
further action on behalf of the feds would predicate a call to arms.
Well, they all stood by as these events unfolded, and they stood
by as the "fed" whitewashed all of it recently. Back to the previous analogy, The silent majority of gun owners had
a Bin Ladin in Timmy McVea. They backed away from him as fast as possible
after the bombing, and no new Timmy has stepped up to take his place. So, in my ignorance, I think that a few extremists basically screw up the
dialogue for everyone involved, the sooner these folks are out of the
equation, the better for all parties. I think a lot of "victims of
American Policy" believe this as well. It was different for the last
8 years when the commander in chief lacked resolve and seriously
emboldened many forigen enemies. These "surgical" air strikes do little
more than really piss folks off. A "war" has to be won on the ground. I think there is a certain level of resolve that has galvanised over
these last few days. I expect that action, when taken, will be pretty
decisive. As to your other points, I belive they are well stated, I just disagree.

@_date: 2001-09-13 15:51:43
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
No one really does.
What you are really talking about when you talk about cryptography is
privacy, is individuality, is self determination. Certainly commerce wouldnt' grind to halt if these trivialities were
dispensed with. After all, Commerce really is what it is all about
isn't it? With the supreme court of the us making judgements on what
is good for the consumer, now that the old term taxpayer,or even
the arcane term citizen no longer applies. Many things "didn't exist" 10 years ago. The real ability to completely
and totally enumerate and track every single transaction and action of
every single person and store them to be used if not right away to punish
immoral acts, at least keep them on file so that it can be done when the incarceration system gets streamlined. I've heard many calls for complete biometric id systems to be put in
place for airline access over the last few days. With such a system, why
just use it for gov building access and airports? Why not for banks,
7/11 phone cards, groceries, rent payment etc ad whatever. As more and
more trangressions become felonised, and more and crimes become
federalised, soon we should be able to deny anything to anyone on
pretty much a whim. Governments go bad. Many believe governments are bad period. Hence, crypto. It is the only technological response
to a technological society.

@_date: 2001-09-16 14:08:40
@_author: cubic-dog 
@_subject: Ann Coulter Final Solution? 
Fallwall, Robertson et all would do well to pay a little attention
to the gospel they claim to preach.
As a long time "born again" I say that were "Jesus alive today"
his focus would be much more along the lines of comming up
with the Parable of the Firemen, his actions would be in consoleing
those who Fallwell and Robertson so desperatly despise, and his anger would be directed at those pharases long on legality
and short on mercy. So his word illustrates. So after these and many other public statements in the past, i say
that not only do Fallwell and Robertson not speak for America, neither
do they speak for Christ.
