
@_date: 1997-05-05 10:23:48
@_author: The Dilbert Trivia Game 
@_subject: Thanks for signing up! 
Hi from Yoyodyne!
This message is to let you know that you're signed
up for The Dilbert Trivia Game.
You'll get questions e-mailed to you on Tuesdays, your
answers are due back by 11 p.m. Eastern Time on Sundays, and
you'll get your scoring messages on Mondays. It's that
When your questions come, you'll be asked to send your
answers to dogbert at yoyo.com in this format:
* Make sure your Player ID -- which looks like this
(123456di) -- is on the Subject line of the message you send
back with your answers.
* Each answer must be preceded by one of these symbols #
and each answer must be on its own line.
* Each answer must be the letter of the multiple choice
answer you like best. Let's repeat. The answer is the letter
of the multiple choice selection you like best.
It works like this: If one of the questions asks for the
name of the evil human resources director, we'll say:
"What is the name of the evil human resources director?"
Then we'll list these choices:
A -- Catbert
B -- Ratbert
C -- Dogbert
You know that Catbert is the evil human resources director,
so you'll send back e-mail with your Player ID in the
Subject line, and a multiple choice selection in the body of
the message that look like this:
# A
That's pretty much all there is to it.
For all the fine print on how to play, the schedule, etc.,
e-mail these addresses for the autoreply of your choice:
How to Play -- dogberthow at yoyo.com
Official Rules -- dogbertrules at yoyo.com
FAQ -- dogbertfaq at yoyo.com
Talk to you soon!
P.S. We promised you an answer to this sample question when
you signed up:
* * *
Dilbert is worried that if head count is reduced by 50
percent, all the smart people will leave
The boss says:
A -- Would that be a bad thing?
B -- If only half the people go, how could that be all the
smart people?
C -- Could you organize a goodbye potluck lunch for them
The correct answer is Yoyodyne Entertainment
"Where the future begins...tomorrow."
win at yoyo.com
