
@_date: 2001-03-24 05:19:44
@_author: dogs at recruitdogs.com 
@_subject: Make Every Hire Count With RecruitDogs 
In the last 3 months, the recruiting landscape has changed 180 degrees. Last year, requisitions and budgets were flowing like water. Now they are as dry as a creek in summer. This year, you have some big 1. Budgets have been slashed - and you have to be leaner, meaner and spend lots less money on recruiting.
2. Job boards are PACKED with laid off workers - and recruiters trying to get at them. Do you want to pay a lot of money to compete with a bunch of other recruiters for some other company's laid off workers?
The days of hiring anyone who can fog a mirror are gone for a while - every hire counts - and you need to do it cheap!
That's why you need RecruitDogs. We are a firm of e-cruiting professionals who have researched and tested the most compelling recruiting tools and services for the new realities of this year's economy. And best of all, our industry contacts and years of experience have allowed us to negotiate special deals and offers...that you just can't get anywhere else. These "doggone good deals" are the heart of our business.
Great research. Great Products. Great Prices. Sound good?
Here's our first special deal....
Even with the latest round of high profile layoffs, the need for top-shelf candidates has not disappeared. Your desk may be cluttered with a pile of resumes but workers with hottest skills are still the rarest commodity in the human capital market. That is...unless you use AIRS SearchStation. AIRS SearchStation is the only sourcing tool on the market that hits all your sourcing bases: resumes banks, resumes attached to home pages and the much sought after deep passive candidates found in Web-based employee directories, alumni rosters, membership directories, speakers lists and much more. It's your one stop peoplemart on the Web!
And best of all, RecruitDogs can offer you this award-winning product (yep, it was voted one of the top ten new HR products of 2000 by HR Executive magazine) at a $250 discount. No one - not even AIRS - will sell you this product at the RecruitDogs price. But don't wait in the dog house on this offer. It only lasts until 3/31. Call now for your free trial and see if this dog hunts.
the dogs
dogs at recruitdogs.com
