
@_date: 1995-07-18 23:29:33
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Stego-Rants ? 
Just a few thoughts:
1. Use the randomness in a computer generated piece of English text to hold your real message, encrypted, and obscured.
2. Even more entertaining would be if the foreground text could somehow be contrived to be meaningful. I know this would be a "good trick" but I'd conjecture that it's possible.  Imagine fractal compression of a text file, with the decompression routine adding some "randomness" which would be your message, obscured at a very abstract level.  Depending on how much "randomness" was added, I'm wondering if the resulting text might possibly retain some of its original legibility (?)  I am assuming that a companion fractal re-compressing routine would be required to retrieve the cypher.
(I am looking at an ad for a graphics program, "Images Incorporated" by Iterated Systems which with fractal techniques can achieve 100:1 compression -- and then -- decompress to 8 times the original bitmap size with minimal added distortion.)

@_date: 1995-07-19 19:07:37
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Stego-Rants ? 
Yes; however It's not so much the compression ratio I was concerned with other than that it demonstrates the level of abstraction achieved in the analysis.  For crypto we wouldn't really mind if the intermediate fractal file were actually larger than the original and I assume that these techniques can be lossless if we are willing to accept this tradeoff.
What I think is remarkable about the example of compression and
enlargement is that with the process of enlargement, image *detail* is added in a manner consistent with the original.  (!!!)  By altering the decompression with a hidden message one would of course be, replacing or adding information, and if the goal were to have this new information "blend in" with its container, then perhaps we could learn from fractal compression.

@_date: 1996-08-18 05:18:24
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: "world communications being monitored" 
Yes, this has been public record information for at least 15 years.
Which is located in Ft. Meade, etc etc.  Yes, we know.  That's why the big interest on this list for military grade encryption for ensuring the privacy of personal communications.  It's also why there's such a big push by governments for key escrow technology.  Governments want to keep this "edge", the existence of which hasn't yet penetrated popular awareness.
For more information on the subject, search some magazine indices or archives of this list for the keywords NSA or National Security Agency.
A surprising amount of information, including all of what you've mentioned, and more, is readily available in the public record.

@_date: 1996-02-19 00:44:34
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: legality of forwarded packets (was: PING packets illegal?) 
On an ecouraging note, I recall a Packet Radio case where someone posted what amounted to an advertisement for a 1-900 service.  Commercial advertisements being prohibited on all Ham Radio, the FCC moved to censure ALL of the dozen-or-so packet stations which had automatically forwarded the offending message.
Great alarm was raised in the packet community, and I believe it was the ARRL which enlightened the FCC that enforcement in such a manner would destroy packet radio by requiring each message to be manually inspected prior to retransmission - an obvious impracticality.  (Even though the letter of the law may have permitted such a strict enforcement by the FCC.)
In the end, only the ORIGINATOR of the message was "punished."

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:42:14
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Home Made Telephone Voice Changer 
While I haven't tried this particular kludge, taking a VSC equipped tape
player (Radio Shack used to sell these, and may still) inserting an automotive cassette-stereo CD adapter (the inductive coupling kind that are built into cassette shells) and driving that with a cheap mike & low power audio amp ... should enable you to lower your voice pitch Have fun,

@_date: 1996-11-07 22:31:26
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Because it's a technology which is closely tied to human nature.
Once unleashed, you cannot coax the genie back into the bottle no matter how hard you try.

@_date: 1996-11-07 23:21:43
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
While this might be the case, I don't believe it is "key".
Also, I'm not sure why you used this as a counterpoint.  Are you saying that there are not a significant number of people who think there is nothing wrong with sending truly private messages?  I would disagree with such an assertion based on my own converastions with crypto-ignorant aquaintances.  Most people either trust the gov't implicitly or haven't thought about it or (erroneously) consider it irrelevant - but deep down they definitely value their privacy.
Take the flip side for example:  Quite a few people think it "wrong" to receive radio signals in the 800-900 Mhz band; and laws have been passed regulating scanners with the intention of inhibiting this practice.  However the practice continues to proliferate.  This genie is also out of the bottle, and it has the effect of creating demand for crypto.
(This is actually yet another method in which the battle for crypto can be fought.)

@_date: 1996-11-08 03:21:45
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Naw... Just Crypto-Geniesis pure & simple.
-Doug, up late.

@_date: 1996-11-10 23:12:09
@_author: Doug Renner 
@_subject: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL? 
Most list members would be very interested in the above link.

@_date: 1996-11-11 18:18:30
@_author: Doug Renner 
@_subject: Not. [Was Re: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL?] 
Michael you make some outstanding points in your article!  One that struck me was:
  "Today more federal corporations exist than ever before in peacetime, and the number keeps growing. While toiling in obscurity, they
manage communication satellites, museums, railroads, and power generation.  They provide specialized credit and insurance for housing and
agriculture.  They exist as accounting devices to hide the true size of the budget deficit, as nonprofit organizations, and as highly profitable and highly leveraged economic colossi. The most profitable corporations, which provided a total of about $5 trillion in credit and insurance in 1995, also have approximately $1.5 trillion in securities and other debt outstanding.  These organizations are capable of squirreling away $2 billion for a rainy day, while pleading poverty to Congress.{10} "
Michael, clearly your article is much more professionally written and well organized, and it addresses some primary issues raised in the previous article nearly head-on.  However is it true that what you are saying is that two fundamental premises in the article you refer to as "rabid" are incorrect?  Namely:
"ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8 OF THE CONSTITUTION STATES THAT CONGRESS SHALL HAVE
THE POWER TO COIN (CREATE) MONEY AND REGULATE THE VALUE THEREOF.
"IN 1935 THE SUPREME COURT RULED THAT CONGRESS CANNOT CONSTITUTIONALLY
DELEGATE ITS POWER TO ANOTHER GROUP. (Reference 22, P. 168)
Are these not correct?  Anyway, there were issues other than mere legality discussed, including history & practicality.  Specifically, the quotes from Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, Rothschild, references to Congressional Record, etc. were what had impressed me in the link Is it an accurate statement that we are effectively paying the Fed interest on the currency we carry?
Or am I just making that common but incorrect assumption that unconstitutionality entails illegality?
Thanks for responding to this thread, Michael.  Your input is very much IAJAT (just a taxpayer)

@_date: 1996-10-04 18:42:42
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: gack vs. key escrow vs. key recovery 
If I correctly understand what you are saying, I agree with your thesis that people who are stuck in an antiestablishment frame of mind may just as easily hinder their own cause by acting blindly.
But if we make a distinction between two very different levels and types of wiretapping, I believe a sizeable third category becomes apparent:
3. Those who are aware of the existence of large-scale systems of
electronic monitoring by the NSA, which does not need any search
warrant or subpoena of any kind to collect, archive, index, correlate, interpret & summarize the supposedly private communications of all of us.
When presented with an actual search warrant, people who have this awareness would typically cooperate with any law enforcement agencies, since they would also be aware of how impractical noncooperation would be.  Far from considering the government as always bad, they may only have a healthy mistrust of those branches of big government which can operate both above the law and behind a cloak of secrecy.
People in category 3 may be aware of the pure power of knowledge which can be extracted from large data mines, and simply desire to exclude as much of their personal communications from these mines as possible.  They are not comforted by an encryption system where keys could be recovered without one's knowledge, and see this as a threat to the current growth of truly unbreakable systems.
Former US Senator Dave Durenburger, while still head of the Senate Select Intelligence Committee, remarked to the press that he wondered if CIA Director William Casey enacted covert plots "just for kicks."
If absolute power corrupts absolutely, is it not our civic duty to ensure that the former does not come into being?
Douglas B. Renner

@_date: 1996-10-05 07:03:30
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: DESCrack keyspace partitioning 
This is a contradiction.  Unless you were defining "subset" using a specific weakness in a specific RNG, in which case your argument would have been a tautology, saying nothing.
RNG's are written to maximize randomness of of the numerical _value_ of the integer, independent of any arbitrary radix, including The "property" you describe is imaginary.  Like the Gambler's Fallacy, it's an artifact of our own cognitive functioning, and does not exist in the real world.
. . .
The radix is 13.
The answer is 42.
The question is "What do you get when you multiply 6 by 9?"
Let any search begin with self-knowledge...    Douglas B. Renner

@_date: 1996-10-15 18:36:21
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: [POINTERS] On Vulis' net background 
Some *very* informative background data may be found at:
Of course the title KOTM may also have been fraudulently obtained (if USENET vote forgery bears any relevance...)
see: "Fraudulent votes from bwalk.dm.com cited" in (are we surprised?)
news.admin.net-abuse.misc   Here's a pointer to one archive:
 at 3945

@_date: 1996-10-15 23:45:01
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: [Noise] Re: [*CORRECTED* POINTER] On Vulis' net background (fwd) 
Definitely needed.  :)
SORRY* I typo'ed the most incriminating link - the following should work:
(This is a fellow with a rather long & amazing history of net abuse.  It's amazing enough to warrant a look.  There is a sub-section titled
"Who is Dimitri Vulis" that most CP readers would find shockingly
familiar.  It explains _quite_ a bit.)

@_date: 1996-10-16 14:39:30
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: [NOISE] I never knew that Dimitri Vulis was a net.legend 
The above is very good, but there's not nearly as much on Vulis in it. For anyone else who may have missed it, here is the original link again:
This one absolutely_boggles_my_mind.  But check them both out.

@_date: 1996-10-22 11:15:26
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
BIG Problem here.
I sincerely wish the world were THAT simple - there would be fewer problems.
Very, very often particularly when international commerce is involved, there simply is a disagreement about how much tax is actually owed.
The laws of trade & taxation are so complex that there are often several ways of accomplishing the same transaction each with very
different tax liabilities.  Certain European import/export transactions involving multiple currencies can be incredibly complex.  Then there is always the VAT (Value Added Tax).
Even here in the states, where tax laws "should" be the most uniform, there is a fair amount of confusion and disagreement about what the ever-changing tax laws and reporting requirements of the individual states really mean.  In Tennessee, if a distributor sends a drop-shipment to an end-user as a service performed to a reseller, the distributor incurs a liability for state sales tax; even though the distributor's sale was tax exempt to the reseller who would have delivered it anyway.  The state collects twice!  Does sending mail or making a phone call into another state constitute a "Physical Prescence" which would incur a state sales tax?  North Dakota seems to think so.  What about an Internet Taxing authorities _rarely_ have all the information required to enforce the details of their own tax laws... that doesn't stop them, of course.  They'll take an aggressive stance, and then it's up to *you* to prove them wrong.  In some cases, it may be effectively as if the business is "guilty until proven innocent."
If politics are involved, look out.
It sounds like Shamir got hit with a _very_ aggressive stance.  Of course
it must be less easy to defend your actions while confined.  Er, what
would crypto have to do with politics anyway?  (ahem!)
Here is the USA a few years back, we actually had a _retroactive_ change in the tax tables by Congress.  Isn't that nice...  A retroactive change in the law!  We've gotten accustomed to retroactive law changes by appellate courts - but this was a retroactive change by Congress.
When you _do_ know them, they may change.  There is big money in the changing of laws.  Those who enforce the rules may interpret them quite differently if money and/or politics are involved.  What does politics have to do with money anyway?  (ahem!)
If you have enough money, you can have the laws written to your favor, just like Donald Trump, Trammel Crow and dozens of other Real-Estate barons did when they joined George Bush's "Club-100" by contributing $100K and enjoying an immediate Commercial Real Estate tax cut when he got elected.  Looks like these folks definitely knew a good investment.  But this is nothing.  We have a burgeoning lobbyist industry in Washington, and there's little or nothing anyone can do about it.
In short, I disagree very strongly that it is as simple as playing by the rules.  The first rule is that you cannot know all the rules.  Further, any rule you _do_ know may be subject to change.  You have to become an expert on what is likely to be static for your own purposes, and act within the limits of your own knowledge.  Self-knowledge being perhaps our greatest challenge, there are _bound_ to be problems on all sides.
Perhaps the widespread dissemination of strong crypto will ultimately have a scale-tilting effect on matters of taxation.
"An interesting game.  The only winning move is not to play."  -War Games

@_date: 1996-10-22 21:54:01
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Stego via TCP/IP (was Re: crypto wish list) 
Stego in packet timing variations!
The ultimate NSA grep nemesis.   My gut tells me that this information is not collected by big bro.   Of course it would be very low bandwith and high noise...  But with higher-speed links, and the Internet of tomorrow, these will diminish vastly in significance.
Imagine a Linux kernel patch which precisely tracks packet timings by every originating host, and modulates the timing of return packets.  A full-duplex, error-corrected protocol could be built on top of this subtle exchange of information.
-Doug Renner
(Author of several industrial protocols for a previous employer)

@_date: 1996-10-24 08:38:17
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: probability question for math-heads 
The math heads are busy doing math, so I'll answer instead.
The probability goes 1:2^1...  1:2^2...   1:2^3...   1:2^4...
Two bits hold 4 possible values, 2 of which are bit-alike.  Three bits hold 8 possible values, 2 of which are bit-alike, of course.
1:2^(bits-1) is exactly what you would expect from a RANDOM sequence.  This was also implied in the followups to your previous thread re: DES keyspace optimization.  Remember the Gambler's Fallacy...

@_date: 1996-09-09 18:52:32
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: TWA 800 - Serious thread. 
Okay, I'm not paranoid, but I *do* see that something's fishy.
How come the whitehouse Chief of Staff announces just a few days after the explosion that an explosive chemical residue was found, and
then -- the whitehouse distances itself from his report?!?!
Supposedly now, we're hearing that the early tests were ruled "inconclusive".  Hmmmm.  I'm curious what criteria determines whether or not a test can be considered "conclusive".  Might political volatility have something to do with it?
The US has our best men working on this - they are professionals.  Of course if an early test came up positive, they would devote all necessary resources at the highest priority to investigate that
angle completely, and immediately clear up any doubts about the validity of the test in question.  For this reason, I can't swallow that "they didn't know" about the chemical residue until recently.  Especially with the Chief of Staff's early remarks.
We've been told since day one that this investigation were being handled "as if it were a crime."  In my mind, I've been hoping that this might shed some positive light on the contradictory signals we're being fed.  Although it's pretty clear they're definitely withholding information, it just _might_ be that this is being done in a fashion intended to help with the investigation.  Remember the World Trade Center investigation?
They knew immediately what type of vehicle the blast was in - but they deliberately gave false information to the media.  They said they were looking into a blue stationwagon or some such BS, and the culprits believed it!  Federal agents staked out the rental agency where the _van_ was rented
from and caught one of the buggers, who thought the investigation was way off track.  Yes!!!
In other words, I'm willing to wait patiently for the truth to come out, if the professionals in charge deem it advantageous for the course of the investigation.  Of course the NTSB is behaving like a puppet.  I'm sure the Navy & FBI can do a much better job at the investigation than the NTSB could ever hope to do.  This is as it should be.
But if we find out *AFTER* the presidential election that it was friendly fire which downed TWA 800, then...  words fail me regarding such a scenario.
(FYI One witness described hearing "a sonic boom" (which is consistent with the supersonic flight of a missile.)  It is significant that he described it as a sonic boom.  He described first hearing it, then looking up to witness the explosion.  He was interrogated at length about this detail, since as with lightning, the sound should have followed the explosion by several seconds.  Unless of course, it was a true sonic boom caused by a missile on its way up to the plane.  Recall the other reports of "streaks of light" leading up to and hitting the plane.  Hmm!!!)
ObCrypto: Learning the truth about the government's use of the media, especially regarding when & how we are manipulated, can tell us _much_ about the relevancy of crypto in our daily lives.  In particular, learning the truth is a skill we cannot allow to atrophy if this is the same political entity which seeks to implement key escrow.  I say, the thread is relevant.  Fortunately this forum reaches some of the most
intelligent and well-informed minds on the net.

@_date: 1996-09-19 18:12:36
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Counter "noise" with "signal" (please?) 
If a S/N ratio becomes irritating, by all means, don't increase the In other words, do your part to let undeserving threads die.  Certain things can only be dignified with a response, but I imagine that goes without saying.
-Doug Renner

@_date: 1996-09-19 18:24:20
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Morality, Responsibility, Technology. 
Some previous thread mentioned the potential usefulness of a large database containing private medical information, and possibly genetic detail as well.
While I agree on the tremendous constructive potential of such a hypothetical data-mine, I seriously doubt that Mankind has the moral integrity to use this type of knowledge responsibly.
Supposing for example, a particular genetic "defect" were found with such a database to have a 90% correlation with the presence of epilepsy.  Immediately, doctors & scientists would strive to find a way to gain some leverage against this "defect."  We might for example see a testing procedure for human fetuses to determine whether a particular pregnancy "should be" terminated.  People would become famous, and much money would change hands due to this "discovery."  Generally people will conclude that Science has given them more control over their lives than they previously The problem is, nobody really understands just what this "defect" really means.  Nobody understands why it is there, or what kind of a choice we are really making my attempting to remove it from our gene pool.
Remember that Sickle Cell Anemia is caused by a genetic "defect".  We are lucky enough to know that the carriers of this "defect" are uniquely able to survive certain plagues.  This so-called "defect", as troublesome as it may be to some individuals, is really a latent strength, which is how natural selection reinforced it in the first place, and we may need it The term "defect" is therefore entirely out of line.  We have no business
placing judgements from our own limited material value sets onto something which has the definite potential of affecting all future generations of Humanity.  It's none of our business.
Further, when such a database is eventually created, I ask not "who" but "what" will have access to it?  What kind of non-sentient group mentality will have sufficient authority and be presumptuous enough to declare itself morally objective?  What kind of a larger process might such an entity be unwittingly serving?
We already have many times more material knowledge than we are morally capable of handling as a species.  Here's one tiny example.  The most widespread use of the knowledge of psychology is guess what?  Advertising and Marketing.  Our average American sits entranced watching hours of television daily, unwittingly absorbing countless impressions by advertisers with more money than morality.  Can he identify the "glittering generalities" or the "bandwagon appeals" or any of the other effective forms of propaganda?  Does he know the truth from a lie when sexual titillation is part of the presentation?  May he readily accept what is presented, and most of all: Does he see himself sitting there, absorbing these impressions?
We don't see our selves in action.  We can't know what we're doing.  None of us have developed sufficient "presence" to know what we are really doing most of the time.  We can't possibly be objective, except in extremely rare, life-changing moments, and even then only if we're lucky.
Just thinking about yourself thinking isn't enough, because where are your emotions?  Do you really understand why your thoughts are what they are?  Did *YOU* put those thoughts in your head intentionally, or did they sort of happen on their own... one thought following another through some combination of association and external stimuli?  And while you've been busy reading this, with your attention directed outward, why haven't you been aware of the sensation in your feet, or the tension in your face, or your posture, or your breath?
As westerners we have directed so much of our attention "outward" that we develop little or no objective knowledge of what goes on within us.  Can we break this cycle?  If there really are esoteric schools, with disciplines and methodologies of obtaining self-knowledge, then this knowledge must be such that by its very nature, it cannot possibly be communicated successfully in any large, public manner.
But I digress.  As a reader of this list, have you ever asked yourself Why, why is it that you personally want strong encryption to be widely available?  It's a very powerful emerging technology, and it's in the palm of your hands.
Douglas B. Renner
dougr at usa.globelle.com

@_date: 1996-09-20 11:07:28
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Morality, Responsibility, Technology. 
You offer the humorous example of Catholicism.  But this is really a deceptively clear example of exactly what I was saying: that we aren't even close to having any kind of objective faculties which would be required to competently make these kinds of decisions.  Catholicism: is it Nature or is it Nurture?  This example would effectively equivalent to just one ideology gaining "leverage" over another, and using the technology of genetics to gain this leverage.  I'll finish this up below.
I don't want to miss your real counterpoint behind the example.  What I hear you really saying is that you can open your eyes, and look around at the processes of natural selection in action, and you can see all kinds of social forces at work, many of which would appear, given our value set, to be functioning to the disadvantage of the species.  But again, this proves even more brutally how deeply our lack of objectivity runs when we try to evaluate such matters.
We tend to value traits such as industriousness, and yet we see some social welfare programs which effectively reward the absence of this quality.  This example, as well as your own example, are issues which we can't even reach a consensus on socially.  And since *we* can't even deal with such things socially, how could we ever presume to claim the moral competence to address them genetically?
For example, our western society is less than 9,000 years old.  As participants we assume our western society is "good."  But a traditional Australian Aborigine, coming from a 35,000 to 60,000 year old society, might have a completely different perspective.  He might view our European lifestyle as one very big mistake, and a recent one at that.  Maybe, just maybe, we have culturally taken a very large step away from what our inherent natures really are.  If this were true you might expect to see a larger amount of latent grey matter evolved into all of our skulls than any of us really use.  But then, this *is* the case.
So as we are, nobody really knows what the effect of widespread crypto will be, any more than we could have predicted the impact of cars or transistors or nuclear fission.  The future is literally in your hands.
Douglas B. Renner
dougr at usa.globelle.com

@_date: 1996-09-21 05:07:17
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Paradox: NO OPPRESSION IN AMERICA 
Those of you who took Logic 1001 will recall the paradox known as "The Heap" which goes like this:
1. A single grain of sand does not constitute a heap of sand.
2. You can create a heap from a non-heap by adding a single grain of sand.
3. Therefore, there is *NO SUCH THING* as a heap of sand.
You with me here?  Okay, this is important, because the public actually does think like this:
1. Our current society in America is not oppressive. (generally accepted)
2. You cannot change a non-oppressive society into an oppressive society
   by removing one liberty from its citizens.   (also generally accepted)
3. Therefore, it is not possible for America to become an oppressive society.
Sleep well,
Douglas B. Renner

@_date: 1996-09-21 09:41:44
@_author: Douglas B. Renner 
@_subject: Paradox: NO OPPRESSION IN AMERICA 
If I went over your head, I apologize!
The point of a paradox such as this is to illustrate something which is OBVIOUSLY FALLACIOUS, so that we might learn from it.  The intention is to make us *think*.
