
@_date: 1995-08-01 06:59:24
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: a hole in PGP 
Here you go again. "Probably not secure". Earlier you make implications
of trap doors.  The only way for a trap door to be there, would be if
one of the authors put it there. Otherwise, you would be suggesting
that one dark night, on a new moon, the NSA snuck in to MIT, changed
the source code, inserted a back door, and snuck out without anybody
being the wiser.  Implying there is a trap door is much different than
implying there may be a flaw in the code itself that allows a security
I agree with Matt's assessment on your behavior Fred. Your statements
lead me (among others) to believe that you think that one or more
of the authors are not trustworthy and have tampered with the code
to insert trap doors. His remarks on your statements being near-defamatory
hit mighty close to home for this on-looker. I'm sure I'm not alone.

@_date: 1995-08-17 11:27:25
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Netsacpe's Offical Response 
I disagree with the cost assumptions that it costs $10K. These
are "relatively" imaginary costs. If you already have the machines (like a lot of universities and corporations) then the marginal
cost of breaking the key is practically nil. The person doing the
cracking certainly doesn't incur any costs. So what if it takes
2 weeks. An evil student/hacker/whatever would be willing to wait two
weeks for a credit card with a $5-$oo limit if he could just use
the machines at night when people might not notice. Just my $.02
Re: security of RC4 - agreed completely.

@_date: 1995-07-12 06:51:34
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Don't trust the net too much 
For people interested in electromagnetic fields, TEMPEST, emanations,
crashing computers, and electronics eavesdropping:
Go see Winn Schwartau talk about HERF guns sometime. He passed around
a picture of a device for < US$500 that could crash any computer within
50 yards..  Then again, it isn't too good for the person firing the gun
either.. (mega EM emissions).
The parts are available if you know what to get. a VERY enlightening
and frightening presentation. I don't think he personally has built one.
His presentation contained a presentation on TEMPEST emissions, and
low level EM field effects on sensitive equipment problems too (a PBS
documentary - a VERY compelling presentation of why you should never
use walkman/CD players/radios/electronics equipment on airplanes if
they say not to, and you value your life)
Obviously, the further you get away, the faster the field decays, so
range to target is important. Then again, the US purportedly used a kind of HERF bomb against Iraqi telecommunications bunkers during the Persian
Gulf war. (No I don't have any references about this, but it shouldn't
be that hard to verify).
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-12 08:00:17
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Don't trust the net too much 
Hmm.. I'm not sure I'd want to stand too close when one of those
things goes off, but it would be an interesting demo. :)
Maybe behind an EM shield.. ;) I think there was a question of some microelectronics being permenently
damaged because of fusion at the MOS level (burning through the gate), so
it might have to be a disposable machine in a place where no other machines
are near. It would depend on the magnitude of the charge (and hence cost
of the weapon). It might take a very expensive one to do this, or maybe
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-12 08:16:11
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Don't trust the net too much 
I'm thinking better safe than sorry. None of the studies on EM fields
and their effects on humans are causal, but a lot of studies and advice
have concluded that caution and minimization may be advisable.
 It's the un-noticable effects that I'm worried about. ;)
Just relating what I thought I'd heard. It may be wrong, or I may be
remembering it wrong. My EM theory is a bit rusty.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-12 09:58:49
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Don't trust the net too much 
If you saw that PBS documentary (they want $20,000 for rebroadcast by the way). It was an 87 or 88 or something like that. It would make you
a believer. There was a lady in a van that whenever she used her cellular
phone, her sun's breathing apparatus (lung impaired) went into alarm.
 There was another case at a hospital pre-natal care word near the main
entrance to the hospital. Several occasions when a local bus loop went
by, and the guy happened to be talking on the intercom of the bus, several
of the units in the ward went into alarm and failed (they had a tough time
tracking that one down by the way).  Wheel chairs for handicapped people were sensitive. They held a cellular
phone about a foot from a wheel chair control and it started spinning around
and generally going out of control. (The guy's wheel chair had gone out of
control and run him off a heavy slope once and he almost died. it was
unproven whether it was electromagnetic or just a defect).
 This just goes to show that we live in a world of electromagnetic soup.
We really don't know how it effects the body long term, or whether, having
more mission or life critical electronics could be interacting with over
devices. This was the theme of the program.
 Another example was on an airplane (several of them.. older ones mostly
I believe) pilots would occassionally lose instruments (VLS, etc) when
passengers would activate portable transistor radios and such. Particularly
radios.. But there was another case involving a portable computer.. These
cases have been documented. It's a good thing the plain wasn't on a landing approach during a storm, or things could've gone very bad very
 I heard about the portable computer via a different source. The guy
kept turning his computer on. The instruments would do a little dance.
The captain would tell the stewardess, she would tell the passenger, he
would turn it off for a while. Then, he would turn it on and repeat..
Until finally he refused to turn it off, so they confiscated it and
returned it at the end of the trip. Urban Legend? maybe..
 Believe what you want, but investigate the reports before dissmissing it
out of hand as propaganda. I'd rather stay alive than rely on "theoretically
it shouldn't matter." :)
Keep in mind that newer planes (767, 757) let you do anything you want
while the plane is in flight (but now while landing or takeoff), so they
probably build better instrumentation and cabin shielding into the planes
these days. If they say keep it off, chances are they have a good reason..
If you find categorical evidence to the contrary, I'm sure I would be very
relieved to see it posted here. (rather than wondering if somebody
in one of the 30 rows ahead of me might decide he knows better)
Disclaimer: I have absolutely no idea what kind of shielding goes into
an airplane nor any knowledge of building practices in the airline industry,
but that should be obvious. ;)
Well, I've posted enough on this, and I don't have any evidence besides
what I've seen and what I've heard from others. For all I know the
entire documentary was botched (it was shown on an evening newsmagazine
in the late 80's hosted by Connie Chung - British documentary). Now back to your regularly scheduled mailing list already in progress.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-13 11:46:21
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: The end of public key cryptography as we know it? 
An article posted on sci.crypt stated that quantum factoring
is real and that an article was posted in this month's Science
magazine. The author of the post says this would make factoring
a 10 bit number the same time as factoring a 100000000 bit number.
A wonder how long it is before every major government in the world
has one of these. Makes RSA's future kind of moot doesn't it??
I definitely have to read this article, but I thought I'd post it
here for those that weren't aware or that hadn't heard.
I wonder how long it will take before they can figure out how to
do this for other computationally intensinve problems like N-th roots.
(To make Diffie Hellman moot as well).
It's beginning to seem that mathematically challenging algorithms
aren't going to be that challenging for long.  I have no details other
than what is posted here.
Perhaps somebody could post a better synopsis than what was in
sci.crypt? (I plan on reading it for myself anyway, which I imagine
most other people here will be doing as soon as they can)
 Doug Hughes				Engineering Network Services
 doug at eng.auburn.edu			Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-13 16:46:51
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: OTP server.. 
How about WWW one time pad servers? You browse to your
favorite OTP server, which has a random number generator
running in the background. You tell it to give you a block
of X bytes, and mail it to persons 1, 2, 3, ... N.
These people then use this OTP for encrypting a document.
It wouldn't be illegal because you aren't encoding any data
and distributing it.. You're generating raw data. You wouldn't
have to distribute any crypto software, you just xor your
data file with the number of bytes that you were sent
in the mail from the OTP server.. Enough of these things
would be REALLY tough to monitor.. Plus, you could connect
8 different times and just pick one of the sets.. Or you
could just use a portion of the set that you and the receiving
party agreed upon.
Or, instead of using email, you could have a application/x-otp
browser that would collect the OTP that the server sent out
to you over HTTP. (this would be really hard to differentiate
from other data if the server was doing other things at the
same time).
 Doug Hughes				Engineering Network Services
 doug at eng.auburn.edu			Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-14 06:49:27
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: OTP server.. 
Not necessarily. It could be sent any number of different ways.
Heck, you could mail (email, US, fedex) a bunch of passphrases
or whatever to a site (as an extreme example) to xor with the random
number string. They send you the product, you xor with your passphrases
in the appropriate order, and you have the true random number string.
 Of course the feds could just get a court order and snarf all your
passphrases or keys if it was in this country. People would probably
be better off using a server in another country and having the pad
sent to them encrypted or hashed in some fashion.
What if we just call them random number servers? Does that make them
uninteresting? What if there are dozens or hundreds of them receiving
thousands or 10's of thousands of connections a day? (Of course this
couldn't happen overnight. :) )
 After all, there are plenty of good purposes to which you can put
a random number, but a OTP is probably suspicious enough to warrant
 Maybe it's all too much work for too little value.  All you need is
one byte or int, or whatever to xor with the RN before it's send to
you over the length of the int. Securely getting these bytes/keys
to the server might be tricky. Maybe it's impossible.  US Mail is
still guaranteed to be private.. (don't everybody laugh at once. ;) )
 Okay, assuming that the OTP idea just won't fly, is a general purpose
random number generating web site, or internet service of interest?
It could be a useful thing for a seed for individuals who want to do
their own OTP-ing. (Hey stan, I'll get us both an RN from the server
on the net, XOR each byte with 0x3e and will use that as an OTP for
a secret message). For frequent use it might be a huge bust
because you'd need a secure channel to get a secure channel.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-19 11:40:59
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: cypherpunk "Zen" victories 
Vladimir Z. Nuri scribbled:
Could you provide a page, date, and title for this article? I would
like to read it but don't get a daily subscription.
Muchas gracias
 Doug Hughes				Engineering Network Services
 doug at eng.auburn.edu			Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-20 09:13:30
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Netscape the Big Win 
There are java ports in progress for several OS's. Linux is among them
and there is a special mailing list for the linx port of java. Check the
sun home page for porting information, mailing lists, and new developments.
By the way, the current version of Java is Alpha2 release. Expect interface
and programmatic changes before a real version comes out January time frame.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-07-21 13:02:32
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: big word listing 
You're re-inventing the wheel. look for npasswd or passwd+. Both do things
like that. Or, better yet, don't use dictionaries at all (they're out of date
as soon as they're made available). Use rules that force your users to
choose good passwords (just don't be too Draconian. ;).  We have a rule
that says a user must choose at least one upper case character, one lower
case character, and one number, symbol, or control character in his/her
password. It's met little resistance, a few complaints, and it's immune
to most dictionary password schemes. The only other restriction is that
they must have at least 6 characters in their passwords. That was already
"mostly" enforced, so there was no problem there.  This prevents people from picking passwords like the name of a significant
other, the name of a place, or some foreign language word that normal
dictionaries wouldn't necessarily catch, but some password cracking program
"might" (depending on who has the more recent dictionary).
 This really is more along the charter of comp.unix.security though, and
not cypherpunks (IMHO).
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-11-30 03:29:47
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: SKIP Source Release is out! 
Perry sez:
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't sun trying to make it a standard
(in competetion with Photuris) ?
Can I also assume that the IPV6 stuff requires pretty extensive kernel
mods? (Not bad, but a very definite consideration)
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-11-30 04:34:44
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: SKIP Source Release is out! 
I knew it was a safe assumption. :)
'Tis a shame, because SKIP is available right now and will, if past history
is any indication, become the defacto standard on Sun platforms because it
is readily available, and the IPV6 stuff isn't, nor probably will be soon
because even those with the source code are not permitted to give out mods
to this source (in the case of SunOS - I believe). However, a loadable
kernel module would be very nice with the IPv6 stuff in it. Unfortunately,
I have very little experience with loadable kernel modules of this scope,
nor the source code to use as a reference, should the loadable modules be
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-10-23 08:33:26
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: "power one time pad" 
At the risk of beating a mutilated horse carcass:
Well, PGP does have keys. You have your private key and your public key, and
they have to be managed somehow (stored on disk) even if it's not centrally.
Other algorithms like kerberos have more complex key management issues. This has no key, and hence no management.
This is the most confusing part of the whole thing.. How does it get started.
unfortunately, as this is embroiled in non-disclosure and patent-pending,
we're not going to know, but are forced to take the word of experts such
as David Kahn that it works as advertised.
Yes, I and a friend of mine were the only two people in the audience
that were not Journalists.  It does look rather intruguing, but so much
negativism is flying about, that most people have dismissed it out of hand.
Yeah, this is a bit of a marketing issue. It doesn't use a cryptographically
strong random number generation scheme. Instead, some kind of state about
the two machines and the message stream is used to perform synchronization.
Then, the message itself is supposed to impart the non-repetitive nature
for the non-repeating "One time pad".
 So, in the sense that it never repeats, it could be called a one time pad,
and that's how they are using it. However, according to the traditional
definitions of a one time pad with a strong random number and no correlation,
it may not pass.
I believe they also use a random number stream somehow.. e.g. both parties
observe some random number stream, as well as the randomness in the message
itself to construct the pad. It would seem that if you wanted to decode
message N of an M message sequence, you would need all of the messages 1
through N to do it. If any one of them was missing, you couldn't decode
N itself.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-10-23 14:37:08
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Internet Security Review 
Just got a copy via mail today. Boy, Dorothy Denning seriously dings
Tim May in this issue. Interesting reading to know what the other side
is up to nonetheless. She uses some reasoning that will be compelling to
 Doug Hughes				Engineering Network Services
 doug at eng.auburn.edu			Auburn University

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:11:16
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Internet Security Review 
Several people have asked me about Internet Security Review. As far as I
can tell I must have registered for a free copy sometime in the recent
past. I think it was on firewalls that I saw it first mentioned. At any
rate, there is a little fold out thingy in the back with some questions
on it to register for a free copy or pass it on to a friend. This appears
to be the introductory issue.
Here's what it looks like:
_ YES, I want to receive Internet Security Review
   _____________________________________
    (signature is essential)
 Please answer all of the following questions, sign and mail form to:
 Internet Security Review, Postoffice Box 2236, Naples, Florida 33939, USA
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 01	Name
02	Company/Agency
03	Dept./mail route
04	Mail address
05	City
06	State
07	Zip code
08	Country
09	Is the address above your business address ?	_ Yes	_ No
10	What is your current position ?	_ Corporate executive	_ Management
11	Is information security a part of your day to day responsibility ?
12	Does your job include the administration and/or maintenance of an
13	Does your job include the supervision of (onre or more ) Internet
14	Does your position include advisory on soft- and hardware/peripheral
15	What is your email address ?
16	Are you using PGP encryption with message interchange, or a different
17	Are you in favor of key escrow?	_ Yes	_ No
18	Is (are) the site(s) within your responsibility using a firewall ? 19	Is (are) the site(s) within your responsibility using special access
20	From time to time, we will ask your opinion on various aspects of
21	What particular topics would you like to see covered in Internet

@_date: 1995-10-31 09:14:59
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
We have approx 1000 machines and 5000 user accounts and have pgp installed.
I can't think of any reason not to have it installed, and lots of good
reasons for having it installed.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-09-28 17:31:18
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: worldwide announce: New OTP Mail/FTP apps 
A company in Israel named Elementrix has just announce at Interop an
entirely new paradigm in secure transactions. They have a secure
one time pad that allows people to exchange mail and ftp files back
in forth in complete security without the worries of key management
or storage or secure random number generation or synchronization.
In the words of Winn Schwartau: "This really fucks with your brain"
Both he and David Kahn have gotten information out of non-disclosure, as
well as several other un-named experts in cryptography about the nature
of this new development. They were astounded and have provided assurances
as to its authenticity and ability to work as advertised. So far they
have no released the complete protocol, but plan to do so as soon as
the Patent issues pending in several countries have been resolved. The
protocol will be completely published and subject to scrutiny by everybody.  To me it looks like it would be trivial for them to integrate it into
any and all kinds of browsers, clients and applications. Of course, I do
not have a complete knowledge of the entire protocol, but the brief
overview was simple enough to understand in concept. If it can work in
FTP, it can surely work in telnet as well, it's just a different front
end over a TCP/IP connection.
 I realize that there will be those out there on this list who will
immediately dismiss this as a hoax, as would have I had I not seen
it operate with my own eyes, and sat through the conference. It was
a case of serendipity for me, showing up at the booth and getting an
invite to the press conference on the one day I decided to attend Networld/Interop.  It works something like this: (I may not have it completely right, but
this is what I understood of the broken English of the man without
the microphone)
 A third party generates random numbers, or one of the two communicating
parties. The numbers do not have to be secret. There is also a published
table of mappings..
 Something like, a number, and an operation..
1 -> add 23
2 -> add 21
3 -> add 40
4 -> add 57
90 -> sub 23
 One initial connection is all that is needed to have a secure connection
for the lifetime of the two communicating parties. This initial connection
can be accomplished via any number of ways. It does involve an initial
one time only shared secret. This is much different than the many shared
secrets and key management issues of private and public key systems. For the initial connection you can stick the machines back to back if
you are really worried about security. This initial transaction serves
as a seed for subsequent transactions. All subsequent transactions
depend on preceding transactions. A degree of randomness comes from the
randomness of the messages. Each next word in the message is random.  (the argument goes like this: If you already know what the next word in
the message is, there is no point in sending the message in the first
place, because you know what all the words in the message are.) This
imparts some degree of randomness, as no two beings will have an entire
conversation over their lives the same as their conversation with anybody
else: similar arguments can be applied to file transfers.
 After the initial exchange every message sent subsequently gets randomized
from the previous randomness of the messages plus something in the table.
If somebody else makes an exact copy of your machine, and sends a message
as you, then you can no longer send messages to the other party as you
are out of sync, and an Intruder alert is flagged if you do try to send
a message. Then you and the foreign party can resynchronize. This new state
is the basis for new messages.
 Argument: "That's fine, but how to I communicate securely with someone
over the Internet with email that I'm not able to setup a secure channel
 Apparently each distribution disk is encoded with a unique ID and some
kind of unique (and as yet undisclosed table and algorithm). This table
allows the two parties to somehow setup a secure session and send mail.
This does not solve authentication problems. If somebody steals your
disk and sends mail to someone, they can appear to be you (or anybody).
However, the minute you try to send mail to that same person, there is
state on the remote machine with the imposter that you do not possess
that flags an intruder problem, and new negotiations can begin.
However, snoopers of the original message will still be unable to
decode the one time pad.
 Winn Schwartau and Dr. David Karn have both signed non-disclosure and
both made announcements to the affect that it does work as advertised.
Also, it is not strictly random numbers in the traditional sense. It relies
on the fact that the message is composed of a random series of words to
create the one time pad. However, the one time pad does not repeat itself
due to the continuing diversity of subsequent messages. They have reviewed
the math and the algorithms and stated that it's a completely new way
to think about cryptography, and the math is valid.
 Usability:  point and click.. Click on the little lock button and
the message is encrypted on the fly. The mail browser decrypts the
message on the fly. After it is decrypted it is stored on the hard
drive in plain text. (As it would have to be, unless you encrypt
it with some conventional secret-key algorithm like DES or IDEA).
This is fine as they say you have to have some degree of physical
security anyway, and this is only to protect you on the networks
in between the two machines. I'm inclined to agree.
Notes: It's fast!! I'm just telling you what I heard.
I have no idea how or what is stored as state information if anything.
(part of the currently undisclosed algorithm).
I was very skeptical at first, but have affected cautious optimism at this
point. (until it is published).
I just have a couple things to add. If it's true and works as advertised, we're
in for a real treat, and the NSA and FBI are going to be really upset. :)
Those drug smugglers and kiddie porn pushers are going to be immune
to network wire taps.  Next step: illegal algorithms, illegal XOR. ;)

@_date: 1995-09-29 06:35:40
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: worldwide announce: New OTP Mail/FTP apps 
Remember, that's only one of the options for the truly paranoid. If you want,
you can just use their (for now secret) keying implementation on the floppy
disk for the first exchange.
 I feel a little uncomfortable with this at the moment (as I'm sure do most
of the other readers). The algorithm, once revealed should be a very interesting
 However, this does not bring us back to key management in the sense of
traditional public or private cryptosystems. Since the entire communication
hinges on the first successful exchange, this is the exchange where they
key is most critical. I believe they have an option for entering a secret
key (initialization vector it seems) as well. So, presumable you could call
somebody on the phone, or send them a PGP message, or whatever, to exchange
this initial key.  It still seems to me that once this initial communication is out of the way,
that the product will work fairly well. I see it as an excellent way, in
our situation, to provide remote professors and students secure communication
paths to our network in the future (hinging on the development of some kind
of telnet client).  I rather think that the whole public/private key
thing is self-defeating... computers get more powerful, key gets hacked...
key size increases.. etc.. etc.. This sounds like a novel alternative. People
interested in non-disclosure analsysis may wish to contact the company.
Elementrix: 212-888-8879, 850 Third Avenue NY, NY 10022 (North America
I'm not sure what, if any, real cryptanalysis has been done on this. David
Kahn himself admitted he wasn't an expert cryptanalyst. I don't know if anybody
has done any in depth review or subjected it to differential cryptanalysis
of any kind.
 It seems to be a OTP/stream cipher of some kind.. subsequent number depending
on previous numbers. I don't know if its possible to prove that the sequence
will never repeat, having not seen the algorithm. But if it did not, it would
seem to be strong enough. Too many questions, too few answers.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1995-09-29 15:42:08
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: SKIp 
anybody have any opinions on SKIP (Sun's IP level encryption).
How does it compare for encrypting between machines to something like
ssh? (Obviously ssh is more portable, other than that)

@_date: 1996-04-13 08:21:17
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: questions about bits and bytes 
On Apr 12 at 8:07
Come on, give it up already and admit you were wrong. At least 8 different
people have cited examples of machines that supported non 8bit bytes. Your
pride is getting the best of you.
If you mean 8 bits, you should really say Octets as has always been the
form of Internet RFC's where the distinction is important.
It may be standard today, but it was not always so..
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-04-16 02:24:31
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Trojan Horse Loose On The Internet 
100% true and verifiable. Although I wouldn't call it deadly or rampant, it has been making the rounds of late. Mostly it's victims are new users.
After all, how many times have you upgraded your copy of pkzip? ;)
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-01-17 04:33:53
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: CelBomb 
Just FYI:
Time has a different twist on the entire story than the 'trusted
compatriot hands over rigged phone' story that has been the basis
for comment around here. Their take on it was that Israeli intelligence
was gradually triangulating the frequency of his phone over time, and
was eventually able to setup some interference on his frequency such
that he thought the phone was going bad (dropped calls and such I suppose).
 So, he sent the phone back to the factory. The Intelligence service, with
the cooperation of the factory, intercepted the phone, placed the bomb,
and then sent it back. Sometime later, they (somehow) get him on the phone,
confirm it is him, and send the detonate code/tone/beep. Instant
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-07-18 02:49:08
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Sternlight on C'punks 
procmail is a very effective and good way, and it doesn't require
a lot of effort. Just download, configure, compile, and install. It's
fairly mindless. Just follow the install instructions.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-07-19 02:15:46
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
If people break into my house with the element of surprise wearing
all black in the middle of the night, they have the element of surprise
FIRMLY on their side.. I'd have to believe that reaching for a gun
was the most stupid thing I could do in the entire world in this sort
of circumstance. "You'd be right, but you'd be dead" - Dr. SNMP
 If you don't reach for a gun, at least you have the 'chance' for
restitution on your side. If you're dead, you have no options.
nuff said.

@_date: 1996-07-19 02:20:31
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: spam suckers (was Re: Chancellor Group....) 
Our site is being systematically spammed (slowly) one user at a time.
I setup a procmail filter that bounces the mail globally, and sends a
copy to hostmaster at mci.net (with a little note about litigation for
harassment and unauthorized use of resources for good measure.)
And yes, we just got another VRFY just now..
Tell tale signs:
If you start getting VRFY's from 208.129.19.69 (moneyworld.com) then
you're going to receiving email from chag at moneyworld.com very shortly
(for those unaware - VRFY is an SMTP command to verify an email address.
Some sites disable them, other sites trap them, some do nothing at all)
I don't know who the right person to complain to is, but it sure is
irritating. I think I'll start CC'ing abuse at mci.net as well.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-06-09 07:40:48
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Assissination Politics: "Curing the sickness by killing the patient"

@_date: 1996-06-14 14:40:10
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: PBS show 
The //e made a lot of improvements in this area. uppper+lower case + mouse
text chars support. 80 column cards with double hires graphics. Also,
the floppies weren't that slow compared to the terrible cassette drives in
common use around that time, so some perspective is in order. Clone
situation didn't help them, but then, it didn't help IBM a whole lot either,
though it did wonders for MicroSoft. ;)
Many many many companies developed cards which plugged into the expansion
slots. Problem was, there were too few slots (especially since you
couldn't use slot 3 if you had an 80 column card). :)
(Printer card, modem card, hard disk card, 80 column card, mockingboard/sound
card, graphics tablet/koala pad card, z80 card, RGB graphics card, etc etc..
BTW, what does this have to do with cypherpunks? can we cancel the topic
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-03-30 03:10:27
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Sun patch pulled (was Re: HP & Export of DCE) 
Yes, all very dangerous, but, come on, how hard is it to call sun
to get a copy of the patch? (answer, it's not). This is not that big
of a deal.
It's easy to patch yourself too. I had a patch for this three days after
it was announced, distributed via anon FTP and bugtraq. Basically, replacing
syslog.c with one that Perry had written and adding an snprintf.c function.
I've discontinued offering this since Sun's patch is now available.
Who cares as long as they distribute the patch? The international libc
patch is still freely available to anyone who wants it.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-03-30 04:58:44
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Sun patch pulled 
Warning!!!!!!! 101759-03 does NOT fix the syslog hole!! Call sun support
and get 101759-04! (they will get it to you one way or another. I had
them ftp it to my anon incoming directory)
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-05-15 10:44:35
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
I wouldn't normally respond to such an offtopic post, but this post is
so egregious I couldn't let it pass. Who says they make a choice to live
in rural areas? Do they also choose not to have enough money to pay
for shoes? So, because they live in a poor district they are not entitled
to the same level of education as a rich city suburb?  The illiteracy
rate in Alabama is 40%! This is just plain sick!  I don't think that
every school needs a net connection, I think they need better teachers. But
the statement that we shouldn't subsidize rural customers because they
CHOOSE to live there (even though some are poor and can't afford to live
anywhere else) is just plain fallacious. Just because you choose to live
in the city does not mean people always choose to live where they live.
Education is one thing (perhaps the only thing) that deserves to be
subsidized in this country. We're rapidly falling behind.
 I don't agree with the $10. I'd need convincing that every school
needs a net connection when the students can't read, but the tone of the
above message is callous, besides being wrong.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-05-16 07:01:31
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
No, because they are too poor to live in your neighborhood.
Sure, they can live in the same geographic region, but it's still
rural and poor. People live where they can afford to live.
Are you saying those poor people in rural West Virgina only live
there because they are not trying hard enough to get out?  (I'm using rural West Virgina as an example. Many people do get
a good education and move elsewhere, but not all) Don't bother
answering. If you think this is the case, that is your opinion, but
I disagree.
environment, lack of education, lack of money, lots of factors. Nobody
is holding a gun to anybody's head saying "Don't Read". But improving
literacy is a goal that needs to be undertaken. Do you not agree that
low literacy is a bad thing and needs to be taken care of? If not, why
not? Naturally, you can't force someone to read who doesn't want to.
But, why, given a good learning environment and an inspiring teacher
would you not want to?
Some people on this list argue that the current representative govt
system is bad, and that true democracy is better. You can't have true
democracy without education. (You can, but it would be very bad).
True democracy relies on people being educated, the more the better.
(Actually, education benefits the entire society.)
Where is somebody making less than $5000/year going to move to?
(Answer: somewhere rural and poor).  Or, if you prefer, they can
move into tax-payer subsidized housing? (I'd prefer not, thanks)
Then you will be living in a country with lower education standards, increasing illiteracy, and a pretty pitiful base with a declining
socio-economic structure. Are you arguing that people are not equal
and those with more money should of necessity get better education? Because that's what it sounds like to me. If not, perhaps you would
care to clarify.  You can vote that poor people shouldn't be educated
at all, but that would be worse than paying for them to be more educated.
You don't understand at all. It's not about being people down, it's
about bringing them 'UP'. It's about devaluing lack of education and
striving to improve it. I'm not talking about welfare, medicare, or
any other big govt entitlements. I'm not talking about being meek.
I'm talking about learning to read and multiply 4*9.
I'm not getting into this anymore. It's totally off topic of the list,
but I felt I had to respond to your let-the-poor-be-poor-and-uneducated
We're straying far off even my point. My point was not that I agree
with subsidizing internet connections for every school in america.
I'd have to be convinced that that is a good thing. However, making
sure everybody has a good education is of paramount importance to
any society. It's going to cost some tax dollars, but, in my opinion
it would be money well spent (unlike building the rural Appalachia
country music museum - which was completely wasted money). I also
point out that there are poor people out there that can't afford to
move from rural out-lands, unless you want them to move into
govt subsidized housing. I'd gladly take the former, wouldn't you?
Not posting any more on this.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-05-18 10:08:49
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
Totally agreed. I'll take our representative form of govt over that any
day (warts and all)
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-05-23 02:23:08
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
20! you set your sites too low. Ask Santa for an Ultra! :)
Not much more expensive, a whole lot more powerful.
Just think of the numbers you can crunch.. Wonderful machine.
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:08:58
@_author: Doug Hughes 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
Bravo!!!! Game set match!
Doug Hughes					Engineering Network Services
System/Net Admin  				Auburn University
