
@_date: 1993-09-01 10:39:23
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: Encryption policies of Fidnet, etc. 
khijol!erc at apple.com (Ed Carp) said:
It has long been held that there is an exemption to 'patent infringment'
Hmm. I would love to interpret this as meaning that I can freely use
their technology in freeware software that I write for and release to
the net. However there would seem to be reason to doubt this. ;-)
Any opinions on how much/how little one could get away with on such things?
Would it make a difference if the piece of software were intended for
a focused education/research area (say groupware research) rather than
being highly general (as a mailer is)?
I'm less familiar with patent exemptions than copyright exemptions, so
this is all somewhat opaque to me.
And there's always the old issue of whether someone will be motivated to
sue you, and whether you want to spend time & money on defense, quite aside
from the hypothetical legality or illegality that might eventually be
established. Urk.

@_date: 1993-09-12 10:28:23
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: nada against the gubbamess... 
loki at convex1.TCS.Tulane.EDU (the mischeivious god) said:
That's one of the problems with absolute anarchy; it's unstable. Most
"anarchists" believe in relative anarchy rather than absolute; some would
call that simply "libertarian", but others dislike that label because
a lot of libertarians are less extreme in their views.
Regardless of fine distinctions in labelling, it is possible to come up
with schemes for things like justice that do not involve centralized
monolithic government, anyway. As I recall, Ursula LeGuin had justice
provided by ad hoc peer review committees, for instance. Snow Crash
had it provided by franchised companies that were called "governments",
but that sure didn't resemble today's governments in most details.
One scheme for future cyberspace would involve digital voting by established
reputable personas (anonymous or not) and enforcement via stakes involving
digital cash and/or digital reputation. Although building and establishing
reputation would require some kind of investment of time and energy, it's
difficult to maintain a "one physical body one vote" scheme. Randomized
selection of juries might assist in that in a statistical sense.
(I arrived late at the cypherpunk meeting Saturday, but from the printed
agenda it looks like some aspects of that had been discussed?)
As for the original point about whether cypherpunks should be quiet
about anarchy or not, this is a question of PR and of politics (of course).
If you're talking to a person with libertarian or anarchist leanings,
then that would be a selling point. If you're talking to the press, who
will in turn be talking to everyone including Peoria, the game is to be
more moderate while still offering the sizzle.
For instance, even mainstream Republicans and Democrats from the bible
belt may distrust the IRS and the CIA enough to want some protection from
*them*. But they may not sympathize with people who say that we need
protection from the government overall.
It's a selling game.
It's also worth keeping in mind that there are a variety of political
views among cypherpunks, and it would be dishonest to paint all cypherpunks
as being in absolute agreement about all aspects of politics.
Not a chance. But the sizzle might sell anyway, if it's packaged right.
Doug Merritt				doug at netcom.com
Professional Wild-eyed Visionary	Member, Crusaders for a Better Tomorrow
Unicode Novis Cypherpunks Gutenberg Wavelets Conlang Logli Alife HC_III
Computational linguistics Fundamental physics Cogsci SF GA VR CASE TLAs

@_date: 1993-09-12 11:04:21
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: nada against the gubbamess... 
loki at convex1.TCS.Tulane.EDU (the mischeivious god) said:
Sorry to say that you're a bit confused. The question was how to provide
justice under anarchy. I said something about voting. You jumped to the
assumption that I was talking about voting for government elections. This
is not the case. I was talking about voting on issues of justice, as
in a jury. You may want to reread my post with this in mind.
As for voting for government in cyberspace, it all depends on the other
assumptions. Should there be a virtual government? Should voting for
physical-world governments take place on the net? Etc, etc. There is
currently no active discussion going on about any of this, so there is no
framework for commenting on voting for such things.

@_date: 1993-09-14 10:18:59
@_author: Doug Merritt 
@_subject: warez garbage cluttering  the  screen 
thug at phantom.com (Murdering Thug) said:
These two comments are *highly* inappropriate for this list, so it pains
me to have to admit that he's got a point in I don't happen to be interested in software piracy, but discussions of
software as digital gold coins, stolen or otherwise, are appropriate...
but *only* discussions of how they are coins and how that relates
to crypto schemes.
I wish thug would make a sharper distinction...and keep his flames and
generic non-cypherpunk "warez" crap to private email.
