
@_date: 1994-08-02 11:03:38
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Anonymous code name allocated. // penet hack 
I just did a "who cypherpunks", and an111447 at anon.penet.fi has apparently
been unsusbscribed as of 10:20 a.m. PST  (not by me, though I considered
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-08-02 17:46:09
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Anonymous code name allocated. // penet hack 
Tod and Robert are right, I was wrong... I just checked this by creating a
dummy account from a different address.  When I tried to unsubscribe the
dummy account from my usual account, I got a message telling me the request
had been deferred to the list owner.  So it's not *totally* trivial to mess
with the list...

@_date: 1994-08-24 07:27:00
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Easy PGP use from the Mac 
For all those who have been complaining about the inconvenience of using
PGP to sign their messages, decrypt received messages, etc., and who
primarily use a Macintosh for their private mail reading...
I use a set-up which is as simple as:
1) Type a message into a Eudora window
2) Double click on a desktop icon
3) Wait about 15 seconds, and the message in the window is replaced with a
signed and/or encrypted version of the original message.  (Plus typing in a
recipient into dialog box for encryption, and entering a passphrase for
signing -- or the passphrase can be "saved").
Decrypting and signature verification is almost as easy... but the
decrypted text appears in a text editor window instead of a new Eudora
window.  No big deal.  All disk based plaintext files can be automatically
wiped during this process.
All you need is:
1) Commercial Eudora for the Mac (costs about $50)
2) Applescript 1.1 (buy it now, or provided with System 7.5, due out soon)
3) MacPGP 2.6ui
4) Some carefully written scripts for combining the above three components.
I found it necessary to tweak the scripts that someone else had written to
do all of the above, but now it's all working great.  The main disadvantage
that I can see is that MacPGP 2.6ui is required to make this work (the
"USA-domestic" MacPGP 2.6 does not have the required scripting support).
But since you can configure 2.6ui to pretend to the outside world that it
is regular 2.6, this doesn't seem like much of a problem for most people.
By the way, Eudora comes with Unix-mail program interface scripts that
enable many people to use it in combination with a terminal Unix account
(such as a standard Netcom account).
I'll be happy to provide more details/help on request, or to send a copy of
my slightly modifed scripts.  The desktop icons I alluded to in the
beginning are just aliases to the scripts.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-07-08 14:18:47
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: All the free energy in the universe 
The above analysis may be incorrect... there may be no limit to the amount
of computation that can be done with a given finite amount of energy.
The late Nobel laureate Richard Feynman became very interested in the
subject of computation and physics towards the end of his life.  My
understanding is that he concluded that there was no apparent limitation to
the amount of computation that could be completed with a given amount of
free energy.  Computation may indeed always dissipate energy, but Feyman's
conclusion was that this dissipated energy can be made arbitrarily small --
that there is no fundamental quantum limitation on the amount of
computation that can be performed at any given mass-energy scale.  The kT
per logical operation can always be reduced to finer and finer scales.
Presumably, this would require advances to ever new technologies, based on
new physical forces that are relevant at finer scales (down to computation
based on the interactions of quarks as in QCD, gravitons, etc.)  Of course,
since I can't give you references, you have to take this with a brick of
salt... can anyone else comment on whether they have heard this about
Feynman's conclusions?
This is distinct from the issue of "quantum computers" and Shor's recent
results... that issue has to do with whether quantum mechanics can be used
to produce *qualitatively* different types of computation.  In the above, I
am simply discussing the use of quantum mechanical principles to produce
fully "classical" computers, but with every greater computational powers
using a given amount of energy, based on physics of the ultra-small.  In
fact, classical computers today rely on quantum mechanics, as the
transistor cannot be described without it (electron tunneling, etc.)
                       __   __   __                             __
Doug Cutrell          /  ) /__) /_  /\  /    /| /|   /  /\  /  /  )
doug at OpenMind.com     \_/ /    (_  /  \/    / |/ |  /  /  \/  /__/

@_date: 1994-07-09 20:56:31
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: A proposal for handling "forwards" 
How about setting up a second e-mail list on majordomo, called
"cypherpunks-fwds" or "cypherxtra" or some such thing.  I, for one, am
quite appreciative of receiving such posts as Jim Choate's forwards... but
my disk space is abundant and my connection is permanent and not metered.
I can understand why many people would prefer not to receive such things.
This way people can choose whether they want to receive these types of
longish, possible repeats (including the EFF announcements) or not.
I guess I can think of reasons this might not be such a good idea (the new
list might be completely empty, or it might be flooded with garbage, etc).
But there it is...
                       __   __   __                             __
Doug Cutrell          /  ) /__) /_  /\  /    /| /|   /  /\  /  /  )
doug at OpenMind.com     \_/ /    (_  /  \/    / |/ |  /  /  \/  /__/

@_date: 1994-07-13 10:41:38
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Singularity... what is it? 
Perry Metzger replies:
This is not the only possible definition -- I wrote a paper in '84 defining
it as a singular event or change beyond which "all bets are off".  No
future events after that point can really be reasonably predicted on this
side of it.  For example, the sudden development of a "god-like" AI.  Or
the discovery of some medical treatment which increases human intelligence
two-fold... which is cheap and is widely distributed to everyone.
Not all of the possible singularities are good... I would call global
thermonuclear war a singularity, or the rise of a virus like AIDS, that
spreads like the common cold.
Sorry, this is getting pretty far away from subjects relevant to
cypherpunks.  The Extropian's list has been having a discussion recently
about the "singularity" of runaway AI development acceleration.  That list
is probably the appropriate place to look for more info...
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind

@_date: 1994-07-14 10:40:18
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Key length security (calculations!) 
I have seen Tim posting statements to this effect many times, and because
he is one of the more well respected and listened to voices on the list, I
feel it important to examine this in some detail.  While I agree that 1000
bit moduli in RSA is adequate protection *in all probability*, for even
national security secrets, I think it is far from clear that this will
definitely be true 10, or even 5 years from now.  Instead of just waving
vague generalities around, though, let's do some nitty gritty calculations:
The people who cracked RSA-129 themselves have stated that they believe a
1024 bit modulus is at most 20,000 to 2,000,000 times more difficult to
crack than RSA-129.  For example, I recall Derek Atkins posting that he
estimated a 1024 bit key to be 40,000 times harder than a 512 bit key,
although I didn't save the posting.  And Paul Leyland of Oxford posted:
OK, so the people in the civilian world working on this today say it is
possible that a 1024 bit key is only 20,000 times harder than RSA-129
*using known algorithms*.  Now let's really get our hands dirty:  cracking
RSA-129 was estimated to take 5000 mips years.  The  NAL NWT 2/140 computer
installed at the National Aerospace lab in Tokyo is estimated at 357 Cray
YMP equivalents.  I estimate this to be equivalent to 200 Gips for the
purposes of this computation (this is possibly where I am most off).  5000
mips years = 1.58 X 10^17 instructions.  This comes out to 9.13 days on the
NAL NWT 2/140.  If my estimates above are correct, scaling up to the 7400
Cray equivalent computer due to be installed 4Q95, from the 357 Cray
equivalent above, we go down to 10.5 hours.  This is all for the RSA-129,
of course.
Still sounds pretty safe so far... if it really takes at least 20,000 times
as long to crack a 1024 bit modulus, then it would still take the 7400 C.E.
(Cray Equivalent) computer 24 years to crack a 1024 bit number.  BUT, the
biggest worry is that no one knows how good the NSA's factoring algorithms
are.  I read recently that the NSA is the world's largest employer of
mathematicians.  The relative improvement in factoring algorithms since the
introduction of the RSA-129 problem, to its factoring almost 20 years
later, far exceed even the exponential increase in computer speed over that
same period of time.  (5 orders of magnitude?  more?)  We have no way of
knowing how many orders of magnitude leeway we have, because as the moduli
get larger, the factoring algorithm gets more and more important.  Suppose
the NSA has four orders of magnitude on us in the efficiency of their
factoring algorithms.  In that case, they might be able to crack a 1024 bit
key as early as the end of 1995.  (20,000 X 10.5)/10^4 hours = 21 hours
required).  Granted, this may not be likely, but I think we have to take
the possibility seriously.  At this point, 1024 bit keys cease to be secure
for matters of critical national security (but still good for everything
else).  Now let's continue with our worst case scenario... suppose that
computer speed doubles every 3.3 years over the next decade, and that
further algorithmic breakthroughs continue to at least match this rate of
doubling (not likely, perhaps, but *possible*).  Then just one decade
later, in 2005, the computer power of the NSA is 8 times greater, and the
algorithms are 8 times faster, for a total speed increase of 64.  At this
point, they could crack a 1024 bit key in just 20 minutes (using all their
resources), or 72 keys per day.  At this point, I start to be uncomfortable
trusting my security to a 1024 bit key length.
So, it seems *possible*, even if by no means probable, that a 1024 bit key
length is only good for the next decade or so.  My intent is not to foster
paranoia, but cypherpunks, of all people, should take as critical a view of
key length security as possible.
I suggest that people who state that the want 1200 bit or even 2000 bit key
sizes in PGP be no longer ridiculed... the issue is subjective, as we have
no way of knowing what the NSA's factoring algorithms are like.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:55:28
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Children and Cypherpunks 
I think the issue is far from clear.  While I agree that the liberty of
parents must of course be protected, I believe that the liberty of
children is an equally important issue.  While I can understand the strong
historical, social, and even biological roots of the desire to maintain
absolute control over one's children, I believe that children do have
inalienable rights as unique and individual persons.
How are we to clearly distinguish between the parent who confines his
child to an attic room 24 hours a day from the parent who puts up similar
informational walls that block his access to knowledge of the world?
Granted, at its extreme, this idea flies in the face of almost all
previous human history.  Nonetheless, the information era brings with it
never before encountered possibilities for new relationships between
children and society at large. Hence, the attitude of child "ownership" by
parents may call for serious re-examination.
I would predict that the rights of pre-adults will become one of the most
important civil rights issues of the next century.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-08 10:46:42
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: AIDS testing and privacy 
Tim May writes on the subject of racist hiring practices:
I'm not sure I buy this argument... who is it that "enforces"
discrimination based on sexual orientation, today?  If sexual orientation
is a matter of status, rather than choice, then this form of discrimination
is analogous to racism.  Would you suggest that employers that refuse to
hire homosexuals are simply bowing to the pressures of society at large?
Unlike Apartheid, there are no laws that *enforce* discrimination based on
sexual orientation (at least in the USA).
In a fundamental situation of conflict between two entities, I agree that
"anything goes", in the spirit of voluntary interactions between two
entities.  In the case of a conflict between a small number of large,
powerful entities (corporate employers) and a vast number of small,
powerless entities (the employment pool), I don't see how you can argue
that this vast horde should not team up and utilize whatever means to
achieve an advantage over the few in power.
Today and in the future, "power" may reside increasingly in economic
positioning.  Thus, the power of the many individuals vs. the power of the
few corporate entities may derive largely from their collective voice in
the social conventions of society at large, which ultimately derives power
from the tax base of the society at large.  As long as these social
conventions (and the tax base that empowers them) is in place, I see
nothing wrong with the "voluntary interaction between individuals" which
consists of banding together to pass, and enforce, laws in favor of the
goals of these individuals.  This is the basis of democracy.
In the real world, the voting public is not required to be kind to the
hospital or the company, either.  If a large political block can put into
place structures (laws and enforcement) which effectively provide coercion
against such denials of service, this is fair play as well.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-09 12:40:48
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Black Cryptoanarchy (KKK, monopolies, contract killing) 
I would like to thank Blanc Weber, Tim May, and Duncan Frissell for their
responses to my message on the subject of employer hiring practices and
liberty in a society.  Tim and Duncan seem to be concerned with the freedom
of an employer to make whatever hiring decisions he prefers.  Blanc seems
to be concerned principally with the soundness and health of the business
I am trying to understand the arguments for these points of view... I
consider myself to be extremely "liberal" in my political philosophy, and I
have a lot of respect for the arguments of libertarians.  But I am
continually pulled back to the "test case" issue of racist employment
practices.  This is the case where the argument is most difficult for me to
buy.  I am not sure whether Blanc would hold that businesses should be free
to engage in racist hiring policies if that is their decision, but it seems
clear that Tim May does hold this position, and I understand that this is
in fact the classic libertarian position.  The argument seems to be that in
a free society, natural cooperative processes will provide a form of
"autoregulation" to discourage the widespread development of oppression of
specific classes of individuals.
There further seems to be an assumption that the tools of strong crypto
will facilitate this system of checks and balances through natural
cooperative processes.  I am not convinced.  Moreover, it seems to me that
cryptoanarchy may in fact facilitate a new type of "mob rule".  For
example, imagine the development of a multitude of secret "crypto-posse"
organizations.   Individuals could join any number of these secret
societies, which might require some sort of dues payment for participancy.
They might be fleeting in duration, forming spontaneously to achieve some
specific aim (thus my term "posse").  Virtually everything about these
organizations could be secret -- their size, power, and even their very
existence.  Participating companies could secretly create trade monopolies.
Organizations such as the KKK could accrue the financial support of large
numbers of members to create strong social and economic pressures to
oppress segments of the population in specific areas, yet the source of
these pressures may be impossible to trace.
Even apart from this, the availability of truly secure anonymity, strong
encryption, and untraceable digital cash could allow contract killing to be
an openly conducted business.  For example, an anonymous news post
announces a public key which is to be used to encode a contract kill order,
along with a digital cash payment.  The person placing the contract need
only anonymously place the encrypted message in alt.test.  Perhaps it is
even possible to make it impossible to tell that the message was encrypted
with the contract killer's public key (the killer would have to attempt
decryption of all similarly encoded messages on alt.test, but that might be
quite feasible).  Thus it could be completely risk free for anyone to place
a contract on anyone else.
If there is a reason why these concerns are unfounded, I would very much
appreciate hearing refutations.  I certainly don't want any of these
possibilities to materialize, but I don't see any way around them in a
completely "cryptoanarchic" society.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-12 00:10:42
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchy and the Social Body (Meta Strong Crypto) 
Thanks to all for the responses to my "Black Cryptoanarchy" post (flames
and all!)  I apologize for rehashing old libertarian debates, on which I am
not well-informed, and I will focus here exclusively on the subject of
"crypto anarchy".  As I wrote the following post, it grew in size to the
point where it made sense for me to cast it into "essay" format (at the
risk of looking like just another net-kook).
        CRYPTO ANARCHY AND THE SOCIAL BODY (META STRONG CRYPTO)
Let me begin by making it clear that it is not my intent to discredit
cypherpunks or the goals of crypto anarchy.  I have embraced these notions
wholeheartedly until quite recently, when I began to question some of the
assumptions about the consequences of this technology.  I wish to raise
these concerns openly here, and if my reasoning is flawed, I hope to have
the flaws exposed.
It seems likely that the complete suite of tools for crypto anarchy *will*
become widely deployed in the next few years -- certainly by the end of the
decade.  I will argue that there are aspects of this technology which have
the potential to induce powerful changes in the structure of the "social
organism" of man, which have no counterpart in prior human history.  The
qualitatively fundamental nature of these changes makes their impact very
difficult to predict.  Therefore it is imperative that cypherpunks, who are
perhaps  best qualified to examine these issues, consider carefully what
social impact these changes may have.  We should discuss what, if anything,
may be done with respect to development and deployment of the tools of
crypto anarchy, in order to influence the final outcome for the greater
liberty and standard of living of mankind as a whole.  I will argue that
cypherpunks should examine ways to influence the deployment and patterns of
use of strong crypto tools in society, and not merely consider the
construction of the tools alone.  The study of social dynamics in the
presence of strong crypto, and of how to introduce strong crypto tools in
such a manner so as to achieve desirable patterns of deployment and social
dynamics, is what I term "meta strong crypto".
THE SOCIAL ORGANISM
My background is in the disparate fields of biology and mathematics, so I
begin in these areas.  In biological terms, man is a social animal.  We are
evolved to survive through cooperative interactions with each other.  We
are by no means unique in this regard... cooperating societies of
individuals have evolved many times throughout nature, often arriving at
similar structures from independent origins.  Almost all primates are
social animals of one type or another, and the social structures of the
larger primates such as baboons and chimpanzees are particularly complex.
Very complex social structures also occur in distantly related (but highly
intelligent) species such as porpoises and elephants.  In all such cases,
the social interactions are complex enough to justify describing the whole
in terms of a "social body".
There are universal properties of interaction which create the social body
in these species, and in all human societies throughout history.  These
properties depend fundamentally on the publicly visible nature of most
social interactions.  Individual social animals exist in a relationship to
the social body deriving from the visibility of their actions to others.
This *defines* individuality.  Relationship to group is fundamental, and
creates the context of consequence, reprisal, negotiation, and positioning
upon which all animal or human societies are based.
Strong crypto -- the tools of crypto anarchy -- represents a break in these
primal functions upon which the social body is based.  The significance of
this break is difficult to comprehend... it is not only a first for human
societies, but a first for all of biological evolution.  Picture a visual
image for the traditional social body as a graph.  The graph consists of
numerous nodes -- individuals -- and a complex web of interrelationships
between them.  Now consider what the tools of strong crypto do to this
graph.  Nodes -- "individuals" --  may appear and disappear over extremely
short time periods, as anonymous identities come and go.  All nodes may
have any number of unknowable links, or links which are unknowable by
arbitrarily large sections of the net.  Links may have new properties, such
as asymmetry of identity.  Individual nodes may "unknowably" represent
(equate with) entire collections of other nodes.  The point is that the
social structure is altered along dimensions that have been constant since
the dawn of the evolution of social animals.
This picture implies the development of something radically different than
what we now think of as a social body.  It is far more complex, with new
types of basic components and operations.  There is no reason to expect it
to resemble any society in the history of man, or to bear any resemblance
to any social body which has evolved to date.  It is something radically
new and different.
Many people have embraced with unreserved enthusiasm the dawn of a new era
to be ushered in by strong crypto.  There is an expectation that the power
of the new tools, and the extent of the social changes, must necessarily
lead to desirable improvements.  For my purposes, desirable changes would
include an increased standard of living for all humans, increased
communications  and interactions between individuals across the whole of
human civilization, as well as increased personal liberty to pursue any
desired avenue of exploration/growth.  On the other hand, undesirable
changes would include a massive lowering in the standard of living for most
peoples, the creation of Orwellian societies, increased fragmentation and
decreased communications between the peoples of the world, or more marked
catastrophes such as the advent of massive terrorism on a global scale
(whether nuclear, biological, or merely conventional terrorist attacks are
Since the effect of strong crypto on the social body of man is so difficult
to understand or predict, it seems that a reasonable approach would be to
conduct computer simulations of the spontaneous forms of self organization
that occur in populations participating under various game-theoretic and
economic models, when these populations have access to strong crypto.  It
would be very instructive to examine what kinds of long-term stable
structures can arise under various initial conditions.  It would be
particularly relevant to attempt to model what structures can develop when
the strong-crypto tools are introduced in various ways, rather than
starting out as a ubiquitous presence in society.  Various models for the
spread of the technology could be developed.  These are the tools of meta
strong crypto.
I will here venture into the realm of blatant speculation:  I speculate
that stable patterns of organization with the highest degrees of global
liberty and prosperity would arise from scenarios in which the access to
strong crypto tools is ubiquitous and uniform.  I speculate that many of
the more disastrous scenarios and unpleasant steady-state societies would
be characterized by inhomogeneities in the deployment of strong crypto.
SELF-CATALYSIS AND INSTABILITY
When reading the views of those who are most optimistic about the
potentials of crypto anarchy, there seems to be an implicit assumption that
the advent of strong crypto will be self-catalytic and rapidly spread
throughout all segments of society.  I think this assumption is natural,
given the history of the information age, wherein technological advances
have inevitably become ever more accessible to the general public.
I believe that strong crypto does indeed have the potential to be
"auto-catalytic" and to rapidly spread throughout society in an unstoppable
wave.  However, I see this auto-catalysis as susceptible to various forms
of instability that may result from immaturity in its initial deployment.
The principle weakness of this auto-catalysis is the fact that
strong-crypto relies upon technology which requires a certain standard
quality of living.  It requires computers of adequate speed and networks of
sufficient bandwidth and interconnectivity.  If the threshold standard of
living necessary to acquire this technology lies well below the average
standard of living in society, then the deployment of strong crypto may
spread rapidly and uniformly throughout society.  However, if this
threshold standard of living is very near or above the average standard of
living, then the tools of strong crypto will necessarily spread only
through certain privileged channels of society.  Any pre-existing class
divisions in the society may become greatly pronounced, and in general
inhomogeneous dynamics make predictions in the absence of simulations very
Strong crypto and crypto anarchy may well provide the mechanisms for a type
of social body never before seen in the history of biological evolution.
However, the mere existence of this technology in and of itself does not
guarantee any particular qualities for this new social body.  The new
dynamics are extremely complex and will be unlike anything previously
encountered.  Computer simulations of populations of individuals with
access to strong crypto tools under various models may give us some clues
as to the stable patterns of organization likely to emerge.  The modeling
skills of sociobiologists, economists, and game theorists could all be
applied to this problem.  The exact details of the introduction and spread
of the tools of strong crypto into the population may be expected to have
important effects on the eventual new stable patterns which emerge.
Cypherpunks should consider not just the implementation of the tools of
strong crypto, but also the dynamics of its spread throughout society and
the dynamics of its pattern of use.  Although it is tempting to focus
exclusively on the mathematical algorithms and protocols, economics and
sociobiology are critical to understanding and influencing the eventual
impact of strong crypto on the quality of human life.  History teaches that
it is a mistake to assume that a ground breaking new technology will
necessarily produce the most positive changes it is capable of.  Let us not
follow in the foosteps of those who have made this mistake in the past.

@_date: 1994-09-13 08:40:13
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: RC4 
Would you be willing to post simply the subject line and the date of the
posting?  Many of us may be able to find the post with that information.

@_date: 1994-09-16 09:23:26
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Virtual assasins and lethal remailers 
The point, of course, is that there is no risk to the person *placing* the
contract.  The assassin, as you say, has all the usual risks.
This is oversimplistic.  Paying someone else to commit a crime for you is a
crime.  It is in fact possible to pay someone to commit a crime for you in
a completely "non-physical" sense, using anonymous remailers, public key
encryption, public bulletin boards, and untraceable digital cash.
In the past, it has always been a principle of social dynamics that actions
can be eventually traced back to some kind of "source", or responsible
parties.  Throughout history, the people committing "crimes" have tried to
make this connection harder and harder to trace, so that they cannot be
tied to the physical agents they use to commit those "crimes".  They have
been successful to varying degrees, but the assumption of law enforcement
and the mechanisms of social justice have been that ultimately these
connections are traceable.  The responsible parties can be located.  This
is at the heart of the notion of "criminal investigation".
Strong crypto *fundamentally* changes this.  If all the tools of crypto
anarchy are in place, the causal link between person instigating a social
action, and the agent completing the social action, becomes *absolutely*
untraceable.  The notion of criminal investigation cannot apply in any
sense.  The "arms and legs" that perform specific physical actions can of
course still be located, but the critical component which organizes and
directs such actions can in fact be completely secure.
Thus strong crypto introduces the potential for a new kind of "social
organism".  The arms and legs, or physical processes of this organism are
visible to society and can be targeted for social or interpersonal
reprisal.  However, the central control for these physical processes can be
absolutely anonymous and untraceable, inviolable -- while the physical
processes associated with this central control can come and go with
complete fluidity.
By the way, let me emphasize once again that I am NOT advocating that we
criminalize any of the tools of strong crypto.  I AM advocating that people
carefully consider the social dynamics of the use of strong crypto.  I
believe that a society with access to strong crypto may fall into any one
of a number of various long-term stable patterns.  It is not a matter of
simply discussing and developing the tools themselves... we should consider
how to achieve desirable long-term stable social dynamics in the presence
of strong crypto.  This requires carefully considering sequences of
introduction of various strong crypto tools into society, and predicting
the reactions of society as these tools are introduced.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-17 07:34:35
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Virtual assasins and lethal remailers 
A number of people have raised this idea in one form or another when
confronted with these notions.  However, the point I think needs to be
stressed is that:
        To the extent that evidence can be found, the goals of crypto anarchy
        have failed.
It is certainly true that police can search for a motive, can point at the
usual suspects, etc.  Adam claims:
To the extent that this is true, then it is also true that people are not
able to keep their financial status and records completely secret, and the
state can continue to enforce the collection of taxes.  Strong crypto has
the potential to completely remove these things... what if no one knows
what secret bank accounts the suspect uses?  The status of the suspect's
funds and all cash transactions can be completely private, with no way to
find them (even with all the court orders in the world).
There are, indeed, many weaknesses to such a scheme in the real world
*today*, but it is the aim of crypto anarchy to remove all such weaknesses.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-17 08:15:29
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: RSADSI vs. Remailers (Meta Strong Crypto) 
[Hal forwards articles mentioning that the jpunix remailer is down after
complaints were made regarding the remailing of "copy-written" material.
The jpunix remailer is the visible remailer used to post the RC4 source
code to cypherpunks.]
(Meta Strong Crypto)
This points at one of the weakest links in the crypto anarchist's toolset.
To the extent that the sheep^H^H^H^H^Hpublic becomes concerned with the
"implications" of the tools of crypto anarchy, there will probably be
attempts to outlaw or otherwise control these tools.  Take the recently
much discussed notion of the risk-free placement of "contracts to kill".
This relies upon almost all of the major tools in the crypto anarchist's
toolkit.  I count four in this case:  the existence of strong public key
cryptography; the existence of widely read and used public bulletin boards
(such as alt.test); the existence of untraceable digital cash; and the
existence of secure anonymous remailers.
Of these four, strong public key cryptography is here today and would be
very difficult to regulate legislatively at this point.  Likewise, widely
visible public bulletin boards are rock solid.  Untraceable digital cash is
of course not really here today, and it is possible that attempts to outlaw
it could be made.  However, Swiss banks have specialized in anonymous
accounts and similar services for a long time, and there could be
significant financial gains to be made from issuing untraceable digital
cash.  It seems likely that there will be banks in Switzerland or elsewhere
that will be more than happy to do this.  Then the only impediment can be
at the level of outlawing the *use* of digital cash.  However, the
combination of secure public key encryption and anonymous remailing would
make the use of digital cash impossible to detect.
This leaves anonymous remailers as the one vulnerable link in the chain.
Imagine that a country (say the USA) decides to outlaw the operation of, or
use of, any anonymous remailer.  I don't see how any of the other tools of
strong crypto could be used to circumvent such laws.  The last link in an
anonymous remailer chain is always visible.  The operator can be prosecuted
for operating an anonymous remailer, if inside the borders of the country
(or even outside, given recent USA claims to be able to kidnap foreign
citizens on foreign soils for prosecution within the USA).  It still might
be possible to have anonymous remailers operating safely outside the
borders of the country -- but it would be possible to monitor for traffic
*destined* for these remailers, leaving the country.  Since no anonymous
remailers exist within the country, the origin of this traffic can be
determined, and the sources can be prosecuted for use of an anonymous
(Going Out On A Limb)
One possible way around this societal control of anonymous remailers might
be the existence of very large DC-nets (or related technologies).  The idea
here would be to effectively spread the social responsibility for the
operation of an anonymous remailer out over such a large segment of the
population that societal (legal) pressures could not be effectively brought
to bear to suppress it.  This would in effect be a type of political
movement... the participating members of these vast "DC-nets" would
effectively be members of a kind of political group.  This membership would
be intrinsically visible, since it will be used to *construct* the
possibility of anonymity, and cannot rely on it.  In order to be immune
from suppression by the rest of society, the membership rosters would have
to be comparable to that of a major political party... probably on the
order of millions of members (at least hundreds of thousands).  Getting
there would be the tricky part... during the initial formation stage, when
the membership rosters are low, the group is susceptible to be legislated
out of existence.

@_date: 1994-09-19 08:40:07
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: DC-Nets and sheep 
I think that there is an important difference between the case of anonymous
remailers and DC-Nets.  Even if millions of people were using anonymous
remailers, it would still be the case that the remailer itself would
provide a single, isolatable target for control.  Although it might not be
politically popular to force the remailer out of operation, the actual
mechanics of doing so could be relatively simple.
The strength of DC-Nets lies in their distributed nature.  There is no
single target for control which can be isolated from the rest.  Even
without millions of members, a DC-Net gains strength through cooperation...
to effectively target it, all of the members of the net must be targeted in
some sense.
Whether the actual technology used is a DC-Net or something fairly
different, the basic principle of replacing single targets with large
cooperating groups seems to hold promise.

@_date: 1994-09-20 10:55:49
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Social dynamics and remailers 
Blanc Weber makes many excellent comments and raises good questions in the
post titled "Re: Virtual assasins and lethal remailers" dated 9/18/94.  I
would summarize the gist of that post as questioning the value or even
possibility of attempting to predict social dynamics.
I think that here is an excellent example of how a consideration of social
dynamics can lead to suggestions for action today.  Even if we cannot
really hope to control or predict the reactions of society, this shouldn't
excuse us from doing what we can.
In this particular case, Hal points out that it is really the relative
insecurity of remailers today which makes them unthreatening to the
government and society at large.  If cypherpunks successfully deployed a
network of remailers which used message padding, message reordering, etc.
so that they were secure against even government level monitoring, then we
could expect to see the government/society to become quite alarmed by them
and attempt to regulate and control them... probably successfully.
Anonymous remailers certainly are useful and valuable even in their current
form.  I perceive that many cypherpunks would not question the assumption
that making them even more secure would obviously be a desirable thing.
Yet it might be precisely this course of action which would most quickly
lead to the rapid imposition of controls on their use.
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-20 15:52:02
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Virtual assasins and lethal rema 
Once again (and hopefully for the last time!), I reiterate that it is the
person *placing* the contract who is at zero risk (except for the risk of
losing their digital cash).  Stings can be set up to catch the killer, but
providing the person doing the hiring trusts no one but himself, there is
no risk to him.  To the extent that there is *any* risk to this person, the
goals of crypto anarchy have not been met.  This pertains to every
conceivable security leak that might affect the person placing the
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz

@_date: 1994-09-28 11:25:58
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread on sci.crypt? 
Tim May:
I won't argue whether Shor's work will be implemented or not within any
given time period, but I thought that one of the most important properties
of it is that once (and if) achieved, the resources required to factor
increasingly large moduli lengths go up only polynomially, not
Doug Cutrell

@_date: 1995-08-16 14:57:38
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Question:  DSA status and export requirements? 
Does anyone know if there have been any major developments in the DSA
patent issue in the past year?  I've read that some large companies have
used DSA in products without paying royalties to Bizdos, but they also have
separate licensing deals for RSA itself.
On another note, I would much appreciate advice on whether a product which
does only signature verification using, say, DSA and SHA, would require
ITAR export approval?  I've read that the NSA has specifically stated that
they are not concerned with products that cannot be easily used for privacy

@_date: 1995-02-12 17:33:06
@_author: Doug Cutrell 
@_subject: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions 
Bruce Schneier gives us:
I applaud Bruce for making this unpopular presentation of the somber facts.
If these figures are taken seriously, the conclusion is that 1024 bit keys
are not even good TODAY if one is concerned about the C or G level attack.
In fact, not even the 1280 bit key is good for G level attack today.
Pay attention, people.  Factoring is still a good cryptographic approach,
but the key lengths have to keep growing larger.  Factoring may be NP-hard
in the key length, but the rate of growth of our ability to factor is
actually going up exponentially as well.  The speed of encryption and
decryption for 2048 bit keys on my Pentium is quite reasonable today... and
my confidence in the long-term security of my encrypted files has increased
considerably with the advent of PGP 2.6.2, for just that reason.
Doug Cutrell
Doug Cutrell                    General Partner
doug at OpenMind.com               Open Mind, Santa Cruz
