
@_date: 2001-10-18 18:17:31
@_author: Dov Smith 
@_subject: Reply from Zero-Knowledge 
Hey Declan,
I want to start by saying that Zero-Knowledge absolutely does not track or
profile the users of its Freedom Privacy & Security Tools 3.0 software.
Our software loads updates (e.g. Ad Manager files and e-wallet scripts) as
well as privacy-related content via HTTP. This was the case with previous
versions of the software and is still true today, although today it may
appear more prominent since we have designed Freedom 3.0 with a new user
interface and are carrying more privacy content.
This HTTP activity is covered by our privacy policies.
As for cookies, Zero-Knowledge has always used cookies on its websites, for
the purposes of store-, affiliate- and state-management. These practices are
also reflected in our privacy policies.
Declan, if you still think this is worth forwarding on, I'd appreciate your
at least changing the subject header you sent me. The implication that
delivering web content means tracking users, is mistaken.
Best regards,
  Dov Smith
  PR Director, Zero-Knowledge Systems
  514.350.7553 / dov at zeroknowledge.com
  Join us at Privacy By Design 2001
  Dec. 3-5, 2001 in Montreal

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Dov Smith 
@_subject: [Zero-Knowledge Press Release] Royal Bank To Test Zero-Knowledge 
Systems' Internet Privacy & Sec
Sender: owner-zks-press at zeroknowledge.com
Reply-To: press at zeroknowledge.com
Zero-Knowledge Systems Press Release, FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
ROYAL BANK TO TEST ZERO-KNOWLEDGE SYSTEMS' INTERNET PRIVACY AND SECURITY
TOOLS FOR HOME USE
-Select Royal Bank customers to receive Zero-Knowledge Systems' Freedom
Privacy & Security Tools-
Montreal, Quebec- August 15, 2001-Zero-Knowledge Systems today announced
that Royal Bank will begin a six-month pilot program in the fall offering
selected customers the opportunity to try privacy and security tools for
personal use with their computers at home.
The award-winning Freedom software will allow users to secure different
aspects of their Internet experience, such as alerting them of unauthorized
attempts to connect to their personal computer, simplifying registrations
when shopping online, preventing activity-tracking "cookies" from being
stored on their computer, and sending personal information only when it's
the consumer's choice.
"We've designed tools that average consumers can use in their own homes, to
give them greater control over how they share their personal information
when they do business, surf, or shop on the Internet," said Hamnett Hill,
Executive Vice President at Zero-Knowledge Systems.   "Companies like Royal
Bank have robust privacy and security measures in place for their web-based
financial services. Our privacy tools give consumers added confidence when
they enter the open marketplace of the Internet."
Zero-Knowledge, which has been providing security and privacy enabling
technologies and services for the past two years, is partnering with OEMs
(Original Equipment Manufacturers), ISPs (Internet Service Providers) and
now financial institutions like Royal Bank to make their privacy and
security tools available for distribution to customers.  "We're pleased to
make our privacy and security tools available through organizations that
want to help increase their customers' positive experiences online," Hill
"Our clients have come to trust the privacy and security of their
information with Royal Bank when doing their banking online.  We want to
bring tools that offer privacy and security to other parts of their online
experiences," said Peter Cullen, Corporate Privacy Officer at Royal Bank.
As part of a direct mailing in the fall, Royal Bank will offer
Zero-Knowledge's Freedom Privacy & Security Tools for free to selected
current and potential online banking customers.  Based on customer feedback,
Royal Bank will consider offering the tools to all its customers next spring
Cullen added: "People want more choice and control over what they reveal
about themselves online. Royal Bank continues to work on many fronts to help
customers feel more comfortable using new technology for their everyday
needs, such as shopping and banking online. The easy-to-use tools developed
by Zero-Knowledge put additional control over privacy and security in the
hands of the consumer."
About Zero-Knowledge Systems, Inc.
Zero-Knowledge Systems ( is a provider of security and
privacy software and services. Zero-Knowledge equips Global 2000
organizations with the software and expertise to manage the security and
privacy of corporate and customer information assets, build brand around
consumer trust, and lower the cost of complying with global privacy
regulations and industry standards. Headquartered in Montreal with offices
in Redwood City, California, the company's suite of products includes the
Privacy Rights Management Center for secure and private management of
customer and corporate data within organizations; the Zero-Knowledge Gateway
for secure and private corporate Internet activities and communications; and
the Freedom Privacy & Security Tools for personal privacy and security
online. Journalists can visit the online pressroom at
About Royal Bank
Royal Bank of Canada (RY) is a diversified financial services company. It
provides personal and commercial banking, wealth management services,
insurance, corporate and investment banking, and transaction processing on a
global basis. The company employs more than 57,000 people who serve more
than 10 million personal, business and public sector customers in North
America and in some 30 countries around the world. For more information,
please visit (Freedom(r) and Zero-Knowledge(r) are trademarks of Zero-Knowledge Systems,
Inc. These trademarks may be registered in certain jurisdictions. All other
trademarks are sole property of their respective owners.)
For further information, please contact:
Dov Smith
Zero-Knowledge Systems
dov at zeroknowledge.com
Sara Best
Royal Bank Media Relations
  Dov Smith
  Director of Public Relations
  Zero-Knowledge Systems, Inc.
  T 514.350.7553 F 514.286.2755
  mailto:dov at zeroknowledge.com
  --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: Dov Smith 
@_subject: [Zero-Knowledge Press Release] Zero-Knowledge Systems Files 
Preliminary Prospectus For Initial P
Sender: owner-zks-press at zeroknowledge.com
Zero-Knowledge Systems Press Release, For Immediate Release
Zero-Knowledge Systems Files Preliminary Prospectus For Initial Public
MONTREAL, Quebec-June 3, 2002-Zero-Knowledge. Systems, a provider of
security and privacy software for consumers and businesses, today announced
it has filed a preliminary prospectus for an initial public offering.
The net proceeds of the offering will be used to fund the commercial growth
of the company's consumer and enterprise software solutions. The offering
would consist of the issuance of common shares listed on the TSX-Venture
Exchange under the ticker symbol 'ZKS'. Yorkton Securities Inc. is acting as
underwriter for the offering.
About Zero-Knowledge Systems
Zero-Knowledge Systems ( is a provider of security and
privacy solutions for consumers and businesses. The Company's consumer
product, Freedom. Security & Privacy Suite 3.2, is a defence against hackers
and viruses, and it enables web-browsers to retain their security and
privacy while using the Internet. The Company's corporate solution,
Enterprise Privacy Manager (EPM) 1.0, enables enterprises to define,
implement and manage corporate privacy policies and practices within their
existing IT environment. Zero-Knowledge Systems is headquartered in
Montreal, Quebec. Media can visit the online pressroom at
For further information:
Dov Smith/Zero-Knowledge Systems
514.350.7553/dov at zeroknowledge.com
David Mason/The Equicom Group
416.815.0700 x 237/dmason at equicomgroup.com
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
