
@_date: 1995-01-06 14:12:55
@_author: Mike Horwath 
@_subject: Files and mail 
[This is hopefully going to be my only message on this matter, questions
or comments, just reply to me directly]
Since you are posting this to so many people, they can all see my
And this is a written reply :)
Fine, when I have things packed up, they will be moved and you will
be notified.
You can either take the alias in my alias database or have no forwarding
address left, that is your choice.  We are courteous enough to forward
for you, take it or leave it.
And stalking laws?  I don't think so.  There is a difference in
notification and stalking and my email to you is far from stalking.
They were left there because they are of use to the 'net and until
I could hear from you what you wanted done with your files, there was
no need to remove the WWW pages or your account.
Now that we have your decision, everything will be removed.
And stealing?  You had them up for public consumption for many weeks.
Did everyone who touched your page steal then?
So, no, no advantage was taken by us via your WWW pages.
Great personal expense?  This is going to be fun.
I don't think harassing Chad (my intern) or Doug (my roommate) for
6 full hours a very nice thing to do at all.  If you had wanted to meet me there, you could have had one of them call me, or if they
did not have the number for where I was at that day (which happened
to be my first complete day off in a few weeks), you could have
dropped me email stating you were at the office to discuss this.  I
was only 10 minutes away at a friends house to escape work.  I am
pretty sure they told you I was taking a day off after they found
out from me.  I was going to be in, I decided to rest instead.  So
sue me for it.
No Carol Anne, you did not have any 'great personal expense', what
you did do was impose yourself on two people for 6 hours.
You also then used our basic login on our console machines, which
is there for when people come to visit, to post messages to UseNet
and to send and receive email.  Not very nice now is it?  When service
was suspended, it meant all service, not just your account on the
main machines.
Talk about net.good.will...you stole service after it was suspended.
What are you talking about now?
I hope you don't think I am taking legal action for something, because
that would be just funny to hear.  Your account was terminated for a
breach in our AUP, not because you caused me or Winternet harm.
First day, monday, when I suspended your account, you did not even feel
it was resonable to call me when I had written a message to your screen
explaing that we needed to talk.
Tuesday, after being up for 20+ hours and getting a couple hours sleep,
you call and harass me at home even more about the status of your
account.  I told you I wanted to investigate these instances and that
I did not have the time because I was dealing with some hackers who
had tried to break in.  Again, sue me, this time for being tired.
Wednesday, I was going to be into work, which you assumed I would be, but did not bother to call to make sure I was around.  I decided I
was going to take that day off I had been trying to take and did
NOT find out you were in the office until late afternoon Wed.  I asked
Chad and Doug why you were there, and they said they did not know.  If
you had wanted to see me to talk about this, you should have spoken
The machine being down was not used as an excuse, but it is hard to
operate like we used to with only one user machine.  This is a piece
of stress on me, which was never taken out on you or on any other
What you consider spamming, and what others do, is two different things.
I explained my views, you have seen our AUP, and it was in my judgement,
and later, after talking with my peers, their judgement, that things
had gone too far.
Should I also bring to light your unsolicited mailings you did to users
on Winternet and others out to the 'net?  Remember those?  Something
about selling web pages from your account, which I had told you I would
rather you did not do, very politely I might add.  Or what about the
net cash mass mailing you did to people?
That is 2 counts in 2 days (notified on monday, early, of the spamming,
notified on wed of the mass unsolicited mailings).  Sorry, someone had
to put their foot down, and it happened to be us.
It was innapropiate for the groups that you posted to.
It is when others have to read it.
And they did, both to you, you have stated, and to me, as the admin
of Winternet.
That doesn't matter, it was still innapropiate to post this message
to the groups you posted to.
Uhuh, we could have done that for C&S also, but it would not have
Sorry Carol Anne, but this is a system I administer and I use the AUP
to protect all of us accross the 'net.  This was not an attack against
you.  You were not judged unfairly.  What you did was break our agreement
and for this, you lost your service.
Also, you hadn't paid for your account for over 10 weeks, so why are you
bitching so much anyway?  We had talked about the winternet t-shirts
and how we would use the work you did and the monies you would receive
as payment.  Well, no t-shirts have gone out and at this time, I will
be cancelling all orders for them and will redesign them and have them
produced externally to what you have done.  This is what happens when
you hold something over someones head.
Then spam again, Carol Anne.
[all previously included messages left intact]
