
@_date: 2001-04-15 02:01:10
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Starium? 
Does anyone know if Starium is ever going to release anything?  I
noticed on their News section that they have engaged an M&A
specialist.  That's probably not a good sign for them operating as a
stand-alone company.  email to them bounces.

@_date: 2001-04-15 02:07:17
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Learn English, please 
"We have never seen a cyber attack of national proportions resulting
in mass disruption of our society and our lives, but such a scenario
is not unprecedented." - Newt
Um, Newt, if we have never seen such a scenario, how could it have a
precedent?  And these are the people who make the laws that we have to
live with.

@_date: 2001-04-16 18:33:30
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Starium? 
References: Thanks for the tip on that.  I'll be looking out for it, although at
that price, it's cheaper to buy a dedicated PC and run SpeakFreely, as
you point out.
Linux PDAs with good sound chips are just around the corner,
apparently, and it seems that it shouldn't be too big a feat to get
SpeakFreely or something similar running on them.  These PDAs are a
lot cheaper than the dedicated encryption hardware, such as Starium,
which was going to price at around $500, last I heard.  Also, because
everything in the PDA is open source, it would be easier to trust it.
Maybe when I have time and money to do it, and the PDAs with the
necessary hardware are really shipping, I'll do some project like
this.  Basically, all it needs would be a full-duplex sound chip, and
a built-in modem, and a reasonably fast CPU.
It's just a shame that we have encryption all over the place, except
for the one medium which we probably use the most: voice.

@_date: 2001-04-16 20:27:07
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Starium? 
May on Mon, 16 Apr 2001 12:05:36 -0700)
References:  <20010416183330.23138.qmail
That is the best model, probably, but there are some intermediate
models between "bump in the cord" and "compile SpeakFreely and figure
out how to get it to work".  Starium is obviously the easiest to use.
Plug it in, press one button, you're done.  However, with a small
dedicated PC or a PDA, it should be possible to get closer to what
Starium promises.
Obviously it would be ideal to have Starium-type chips embedded in
every voice communications device in existence, but we're not there
Both probably could be tampered, but I guess a generic PC would be
Well, if I have enemies as powerful as the CIA or the DEA, I'm
probably in a lot of trouble no matter what I do, but... yes, chips
everywhere would be best.
But the lack of interest is mostly related to how difficult it has
been to use this stuff.  Example: RSA encryption was used by millions
of people for Lotus Notes, or ordinary web browsers, because it was
completely, invisibly integrated, but not many people (comparatively)
use PGP, because it's not invisibly integrated, even though the
technology is the same.  If we could get crypto easier to use for
voice, I'm sure most people would want to use it.
I hope to have time to take a crack at doing Starium-on-a-PDA.
That's cool.

@_date: 2001-04-17 21:52:21
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Stalking Louis Freeh 
References: <3ADD2DE8.283FCB53
I wonder if they would be willing to block my records as an act of
good corporate citizenship.

@_date: 2001-08-02 06:13:23
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
May on Wed, 1 Aug 2001 10:32:59 -0700)
References: Chortling is a form of laughter.  Prosecutors, like Ukrainian customs
agents, have had their sense of humor surgically removed, so I doubt
they chortle very much.

@_date: 2001-08-03 20:20:18
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Extradition from the Great Beyond 
(pablo-escobar
References: <200108031115.f73BFoL53934
Senor Escobar, por favor, you should be a little more discrete.
Mr. Ashcroft if a man who believes in God and the afterlife.  You may
think that you are safe from extradition where you are now, but I
don't think you should risk it!

@_date: 2001-08-03 22:39:15
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Extradition from the Great Beyond 
DST))
References: I'm not sure, but I only use this for silly things, so I don't really
care.  Senor Escobar probably has more serious security concerns than
I do.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:09:01
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Extradition from the Great Beyond 
References: Very interesting!  I wonder if it is possible to learn to write in
other "linguistic fingerprints"?  I'll have to look into this.  Are
there any such programs that are free and run under Linux?

@_date: 2001-08-04 10:18:22
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Book1 
References: <200108040811.DAA22963
I hope the Gov't of Taiwan does a better job at keeping the Reds out
than they do of keeping viruses out of their networks.

@_date: 2001-08-04 22:47:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Voice crypto: the last crypto taboo 
What's up with voice encryption?  I'm ready to use it.  I'm ready to
pay money for it.  However, this is only if it uses a real crypto
algorithm (AES, 3DES, and not some "proprietary" crap) and if it has a
published protocol, so we can verify that it is actually encrypting
properly.  Starium has had "demo" units out for almost two years now,
but their web page has been static for a long time, and no one has
answered the phone there for a long time.  Any others?  I know that
voice encryption is the last great crypto taboo, and I'm waiting for
it to fall.
I am aware of quite a few other voice encryption units out there, but
all that I have looked into have used a proprietary protocol, and even
worse, some proprietary crypto algorithm.  That seems pretty useless.
If their alg is so fabulous why didn't they submit it to the AES
competition?  Ergo, their alg is not so fabulous.

@_date: 2001-08-04 23:03:29
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: The Curious Propsenity of Some Cypherpunks for (loud) Willful Ignorance.  Was: Re: Spoliation cites 
References: <5.1.0.14.2.20010803084501.03bc36e0 <3B6BD76E.26411.940FE0 <00ad01c11d2b$a02f53e0$d2972040
Please do a search for "Negativland" and "U2" on your favorite search
engine.  They were ordered to return to the court or U2's reccord
label or whatever, all the copies they had of their U2 album.  Every
single copy.  Interestingly, there was a distrinction between digital
and analog copies; Negativland would distributed tapes at their shows,
but never CDs.  Anyway, U2 got quite embarassed by this, so they may
have told their lawyers to back off, after the case was all over.
But the point is, yes, definitely the judge can demand every single
copy of a document, and this case clearly demonstrates it in action.
Negativland weren't arrested, but they did go into bankruptcy because
of this, and they had to go into hiding to escape creditors.  Perhaps
now they would just be arrested, I don't know.

@_date: 2001-08-05 22:28:01
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Stranger than anything Rand ever imagined 
(pablo-escobar
References: <200108051321.f75DLlm51143
And maybe also "Los Pepes", the CIA and Delta Force, eh, senor?

@_date: 2001-08-07 04:52:35
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Voice crypto: the last crypto taboo 
May on Mon, 6 Aug 2001 09:41:55 -0700)
References: <200108061642.f76GgDx17047
No, in the case of Starium, the problem is decidely not the fax
effect.  The problem is that they aren't selling them!  You can't buy
one, which basically guarantees that no one you call will have one.  A
corollary to this problem often affects high-tech companies: they have
an awesome new technology, but they haven't sorted out how to market
Perhaps those groups have some use for these things, but in my case, I
would create a "cell" of two: me and my lawyer.  Client-attorney
communications are legally protected; this just provides a technical
means to implement an established, almost sacrosanct legal protection.
If those guys were smart, they would read Crossing the Chasm, and pick
a small target market to market to, and lawyers and their clients
might be a good one.
I don't think that's true at all!  A company with huge resources (like
Miscrosoft) can solve the fax effect by creating standards (often
"closed" or proprietary standards) and getting things widely deployed
by buying major partners, but that is certainly not the only way to do
it.  You don't need a lot of resources or a wide deployment to solve
the fax effect.  I imagine that the fax machine overcame the fax
effect when a company with, for example, an east coast and a west
coast office bought two of them and then could send documents coast to
coast in seconds.  They didn't care that no one else had one; it was
boosted productivity immediately.  Let's say that for some reason a
company needs to send documents within 24 hours, and the only two
options are couriers on flights, or this new-fangled fax machine.  A
pair of fax machines pays for itself within the first few documents
that need to be sent, even if no other fax machines exist in the
universe.  Sooner or later, there will be a bunch of companies with
two offices which use these things internally, and then one day, in a
blinding flash, someone at Company A needs to send a document to
Company B, and remembers that his friend there mentioned that they
also have a "telphone facsimile machine", and in an instant, the world
changes forever!
That is very true.  Someone trying to defeat a charge of being a boss
in a drug gang would certainly not be helped if they found Starium
units in his house and in houses of people who were distributing
drugs.  This would look bad for Starium, too.  That's why they should
go after a market that involves communications which are already
legally protected: lawyer-client calls, law enforcement agency
internal use, multinational corporations remote offices, perhaps some
token human rights workers.  If 95% of the users are socially
acceptable, it won't matter that there are 5% who aren't.  If 95% of
the users are socially unacceptable, it won't matter if Mother Teresa
and the Pope are the other 5%, because the thing will get banned.
In my humble opinion, the c'punks would be a lot more interesting if
they spent more time talking about marketing and PR and a lot less
(perhaps none) time talking about silly legal points and technical
hacks.  Do you want to be right, or do you want to win?  Put it
another way: do lawyers spend a lot of time coming up with obscure
legal arguments for why their client is not guilty, or do they spend a
lot of time on jury psychology?  Because ultimately the law is
enforced by jurors who make emotional decisions, and they base them on
things like their judgement of the character of the people involved,
more than they base them on obscure legal theories and
incomprehensible technical points.  Same goes for voters and cops, in

@_date: 2001-08-07 08:19:12
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Voice crypto: the last crypto taboo 
May on Mon, 6 Aug 2001 22:18:15 -0700)
References: <200108070518.f775If521393
I didn't realize they had ever sold them.  I have been checking their
page fairly regularly for the past year and I never saw a link that
said "where can I buy one of these", because I would have bought some.
I have called to ask when I could buy one, and they always said, "in a
few months", and now they don't answer the phone.  It looks like they
are out of business now, or will be soon, which is unfortunate.
You're lucky you got one, I guess.
Yes, I am well aware that faxes existed in the 1970s.  They existed in
the 1920s, if you can imagine that.  My point wasn't about "changing
the world overnight".  I do understand the fax effect: Every fax
machine in the world becomes more useful the more fax machines there
are.  Starium is the same situation: it's more useful as more people
have them.  The first major use of faxes was by the Associated Press
to get photos into print quickly.  There was absolutely no fax effect
involved in this.  Most of the faxes in the world were used by just
one company, AP.  When they started using them in the 1930s, they
probably never considered sending faxes to other companies, or using
faxes for other purposes.  There was a highly compelling reason for
them to spend the ridiculous amounts of money these things costed,
though: they could have photos of a recent event, on the other side of
the country, in today's edition, and that's worth money.  The fax
effect didn't start with faxes until decades later.  My point is that
you don't need to get widespread deployment before they have a
compelling use.  Stariums (Staria?) have a compelling use right now,
in fact, if they would only know to sell them and market them to the
right group.  Instead of even thinking about the fax effect, Starium
should be thining of who their equivalent of Associated Press is going
to be.
The goal of a marketing plan is not "to overcome the fax effect" (or
"have the coolest technology" or any similar thing) but rather "to
find and present a use that is so compelling that people will buy
them".  The fax effect is irrelevant to Starium, because they don't
have the resources to initiate that effect.  So they need to find some
other compelling reason for people to buy it.  This is about making
The first two phones didn't overtly change the world overnight, but
they did change the course of the world.  That deviation in course was
subtle, and took years or decades to become apparent, but the change
in direction was profound and irreversible, from the moment in 1876
when Mr. Bell said, "Mr. Watson-come here. I want you!"  The fax had a
less profound impact.  The Internet had an equally profound impact,
perhaps.  These inventions are profound, but not obvious at first,
unlike some other inventions which changed the world profoundly in
immediately obvious ways, like the atomic bomb.
I know you were being ironic, but PR is an important consideration,
far more important than is generally understood on this list.  You
said something in irony which I think is actually a good point.  We
need to think of how jurors, and society in general, will react,
emotionally and psychologically, to what we're doing, or we're going
to get in lose.
Anyway... C'punks will spend all their time arguing about obscure
legal points, obscure technologies, and being right, and will never
get anything done.  Sometimes this list is amusing, but it gets
repetitious.  Maybe I should start a new list called realitypunks,
which will have these rules:
1. No ad hominem attacks.
2. No anti-governemnt ranting.
3. A few select incoherent ranters would need to be kicked out for
   causing excessive harm to the signal-to-noise ratio.
4. Let's focus on PR, marketing and psychology instead of technology,
   legal debate, and confrontation.
If a bunch of people are interested I'll create it.  If not, that's ok

@_date: 2001-08-08 20:28:54
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
May on Wed, 8 Aug 2001 08:59:55 -0700)
References: <200108081600.f78G0D532541
Interesting legal question there, Tim.  IANAL, but I would imagine
that the "reasonable man" test might be the most important factor.
That, and the prejudices of the court.  I'm sure that those of us who
AAL could give a better answer.
However, I don't think it would ever come up.  Obviously, the FBI
knows that an operation like this would be highly dangerous, for both
their agents and the suspect, if your scenario above ever happened.
They have plenty of resources.  I imagine that they do surveillance on
the place and the person quite extensively before they go in.  They
know that the suspect is out of town, or at work, or with his mistress
when their breaking-and-entering team is working.  They probably also
have a team watching the suspect/homeowner while their other team is
in the residence.  If the surveillance team sees that the suspect is
suddenly returning home, they can alert the breaking-and-entering team
to get the hell out.  I imagine that the surveillance team would do
whatever is necessary to make sure that the homeowner/suspect doesn't
get back while the breaking-and-entering team is in: they could have a
car accident with him, have a local cop pull him over and take plenty
of time writing the ticket, they could have a beautiful woman strike
up a conversation with him, many possibilities.  I'm sure they have a
list of options ready to go in this scenario.
So I think the risk is very low, and I'm sure they play it
conservatively on these types of operations.
So don't worry about finding any of these guys in your house, because
you won't!  But if you do, offer them a beer!  They word hard.  Oh
wait, they're probably Mormons.  Offer them a lemonade to be on the
safe side.

@_date: 2001-08-08 23:03:03
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
References: Actually, now that I think about it, I think it is essentially
impossible for it to ever happen.  If it were to happen, it is almost
certain that either the breaking-and-entering team or the
suspect/homeowner or both would be injured or killed in the ensuing
firefight.  The FBI knows this.  Having agents injured is absolutely
unacceptable to them, and having suspects injured or killed is also a
highly undesirable outcome for them.  You can be sure that during the
break-in, they would have a team watching every approach to the house.
If somehow or other someone showed up to enter the house during this
time, and the FBI couldn't get him distracted in some way, they would
just flash their badges and arrest him before he went in.  Sure, their
investigation would be compromised (blown) and they would be very
unhappy about that, but the alternative is guaranteed to be
infinitely worse, so they would do it to cut their losses.  So no,
you will never walk in and surprise some FBI agents messing with your
computer.  Don't worry about it.
If a reasonable person found some intruders in his home, and they
yelled at him, "I'm an FBI agent!", and started drawing weapons (which
is what they would do), would it be reasonable for him to believe
them, and comply, or to disbelieve them, and shoot back?  He has less
than a second (less than the time it takes to say "FBI") to make this
decision, btw.  I guess that's the question, and we all have our
opinions about what the answer is, but ultimately the jury would have
to decide what is reasonable, and a lot of their decision would be
based on their judgement of the character of the shooter, and their
perception of how the FBI handled themselves.  Is the suspect a sleaze
with a history of violence, or is he a sober, reasonable, cool-headed
person with a clean record and documented training about what to do in
a self-defence situation?  Did the FBI make a plan that took every
possible precaution to prevent this from happening, and did they have
the right knowledge and equipment to complete the job quickly, or did
they go in without proper preparation?  The answer to those questions
might be the answer to the bigger question.  Looking at the bright
side of this, the FBI would take extreme precautions to make sure that
this situation never comes up, so don't worry about it.

@_date: 2001-08-09 08:08:33
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Making text difficult for OCR? 
I have a question for you c'punks.  If you wanted to generate some
bitmaps of text which would be difficult or impossible to OCR, but not
too difficult for humans to read, how would you do that?  Basically, I
want to create GIFs of text which can't be OCRed in a reliable way.
I've thought about some things: I can put in noise pixels, I can blur
the text, I can rotate, shear, and otherwise distort it.  Anything
else I should do?  Will these tricks work?

@_date: 2001-08-09 18:14:20
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Making text difficult for OCR? 
References: Thank you, excellent sugestions.  I put in the anti-aliasing thing and
that is clearly something which will piss off an OCR device.  Here's
an example of my current attempt at something which would be
neigh-impossible to OCR reliably:
What do you think?  It's got some shear, some rotate, some spread, and
some swirl.  And anti-aliasing, which was a great sugestion.  I'm
going to experiment with adding some dotted lines, too.
As you may be aware, Doctors have notoriously bad handwriting, but
alas, it must be machine-generated.
Right, screwing around with color contrast may not be effective at
all, because those things are very easy to take out by just editing
the color map, and suddenly it's sharp and clear.
Ah, but the Men in Black are not the threat in this case.  Au
contraire!  This is part of an anti-money-laundry thing.
I'll check there.  They are mostly concerned with a different problem,
which is duplication.  I want to make stuff that humans can read, and
machines can't.  It's all going to be PNGs, so machines can duplicate
it no problem.

@_date: 2001-08-10 06:11:28
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Making text difficult for OCR? 
References: <20010809080833.11532.qmail <5.0.2.1.1.20010809093704.0332a940
Which is exactly what I want!  Basically, I need to create a web page
which is "humans only beyond this point".  One task that humans can do
easily and reliably is read messy characters.  Computers can't.  But
computers can generate messy characters.  Therefore, computers can
detect whether they are interacting with other computers, or humans.
There are all kinds of other threat models.  I know that JYA often
receives redacted stuff, and he puts it on a photocopier, and he is
often able to enhance the contrast and read stuff that has been
blacked out.  Cool!  But I'm working on a different problem.
Basically, I have a web site that lets you reserve domain names before
you pay for them.  I want to make sure that no loser out there decides
to be cool and write a script which reserves every word in the
dictionary, or every sequence of eight characters, or some moronic
thing like that.  So I will have the page display three characters,
somewhat blurry, and say, "type these characters here!"  If they don't
match, you're not human!  (Why didn't they think of this simple method
in Terminator and Blade Runner?)  This same moron could sit there and
type domain names all day long, but that's enough punishment in
This use would apply to any kind of site that lets you register (or
otherwise consume resources) for free, and people might have some
motive for creating an auto-script.  I'm also going to use the same
system on a financial system I'm working on to prevent automated
transactions, as part of my anti-money-laundry effort.
That's a good idea.  If some moron decides to somehow come up with an
OCR good enough to read stuff like this:
 then I'll have to move to
more advanced methods.

@_date: 2001-08-10 21:04:51
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Linearized computations - was  OCR 
References: Actually, I thought about that option.  There are two problems with
it: First, I need to find a bunch of non-copyright clip art which
displays clearly on any different browser, and then map it, and then
write a big database of questions.  This isn't difficult, but it's
time-consuming.  I'm a big believer in "do something now, refine it
later on".
The second problem with that is that for one of my applications, it
needs to be highly cross-cultural.  Many of the users will be
non-English-speaking, who might not know what the word "clown" means,
and any non-abstract image has a potential for offending someone.  If
one of my images is a pig, maybe some Orthodox Jews will be annoyed.
If one image is a woman with her face exposed, maybe some Moslems will
be offended.  If one image is a policeman, maybe some c'punks will be
offended.  Who knows.  People are constantly seeking new ways of being
offended as a way of telling other people what to do.  People should
have thicker skins, but they don't, and when it comes to making money,
I want customers, not controversy.  The last thing I want is for some
rumor that my system is anti-something because some image of
something-or-other is used.  As an example, for years there have been
rumors about Proctor and Gamble being run by Satanists, because they
have stars in their logo.  Not goats, or a head with horns, but plain
old stars!  A hundred-year-old well-established brand!  In my effort
to support the largest user-base possible, numbers are the way to go.
(Oh wait, maybe I had better put a filter so it doesn't display 666 or
69 or 444 or 13...)
I'll make improvements as I go.

@_date: 2001-08-11 19:18:32
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
References: <200108091738.f79Hc2510280
  <3B750025.14650.93664
Why are we talking about this?  There are dozens of websites and books
that cover all of this.  It is boring.  It is pointless.

@_date: 2001-08-11 20:46:20
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
References: Well put.  Whenever a reporter needs to do a story about c'punks he'll
look at the archive and see this huge thread of idiotic posts about
bombs, and he'll say, "Yup, I thought so.  Violent anti-government
terrorist wannabes."  At a rational level, that isn't true; c'punks
aren't violent anti-government terrorist wannabes.  But at a
psychological or emotional level, that's what it would look like to an
outsider.  And it's boring.
Hey that is a lot more interesting than talking about bombs.  At least
styles change, and have something to do with aesthetics.  Bomb stuff
is just the same boring old stuff, and it looks ugly.

@_date: 2001-08-13 23:57:21
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: chip fabs gearing up for AES (fwd) 
References: This author needs to get a clue.  There is only one form of
intellectual property, which is the trademark, and trademarks won't
benefit from encryption.  Copyrights are "held", not "owned".
Copyrights expire; property doesn't.  Copyrights exist to reward the
production of artisitic or literary material, as a public benefit.
Property rights exist for their owners.
The term "intellectual property" must have been invented by the same
PR genius who invented the terms "freeway" and "Social Security".

@_date: 2001-08-14 01:30:57
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: chip fabs gearing up for AES (fwd) 
References: Ah, good point.  To be more clear: property rights don't expire, but
the property itself might.  Speaking of which I think I need to clean
my fridge.  But I still have title to that OJ, no matter how old it

@_date: 2001-08-14 05:15:56
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Affects of the balkanization of mail blacklisting (fwd) 
References: The whole purpose of MAPS is the Balkanization of the internet.
Balkanization of the Internet is a good thing.  There should be parts
of the Internet that are spam-free (that's where I want to be) and
other parts where peoples' mailboxes are constantly full of
People who want that kind of mail should get it, and those who don't

@_date: 2001-08-20 01:18:01
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
References: Who on this list has time to write code?  We have important things to
discuss, like what kind of explosives work best, what kind of bullets
pierce what kind of armor, and what you should grab when the Feds
break in to your house to install a keyboard bug!
(I have typed this message using the tip of my nose to avoid keyboard
timing biometric identification, and fingerprints.)

@_date: 2001-08-30 07:18:14
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Wuss-ninnies object to discussions on the list 
May on Wed, 29 Aug 2001 20:56:54 -0700)
References: <200108300400.f7U401f01468
Sandy, Aimee, Unicorn, Dillinger, Choate, Nomen Nescio, what about me?
Am I not worthy of this rant?

@_date: 2001-08-30 23:28:00
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Wuss-ninnies object to discussions on the list 
May on Thu, 30 Aug 2001 09:39:45 -0700)
References: <200108301641.f7UGfmf04496
I wonder what Senor Escobar thinks of all this.  Eh Senor?  We haven't
heard your street-wise opinions from the great beyond in a while.
As for me an Nomen Nescio, and the mysterious A Melon, you found us
out!  We're a gang of one or more people who do or do not know
eachother or others.
At least I know where I stand!
Perhaps this whole thing is just one person talking to himself, with
Tim listening in!

@_date: 2001-08-31 09:41:56
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Exporing Military encryption to China 
References: <200108310405.XAA00518 <20010831004316.A31110
Does anyone know why this KIV-7 thing is so super-seekrit, or why the
Chinese would want it so badly that they paid to smuggle them?  It is
made by Mykotronx, the same guys who made the Clipper chips.  From
what I could find about it, it just sounds like a super-secure VPN box
that can basically encrypt T1s and satellite links.  It is
TEMPEST-spec.  I couldn't find out exactly what kind of encryption alg
it uses, but is it likely to be any better than AES?  It does have
some great features, like removable keys, and it probably has some
amount of tamper-resistance, but it's still not doing anything more
than VPNing, but at a telco layer, not an IP layer.  Surely the
Chinese could have gotten the same functionality with a couple of
OpenBSD boxes with ipsec?  Maybe it wouldn't be as nice of a package,
but it would be a lot cheaper.  Or maybe they were hoping to find some
backdoor in it?  Seems unlikely that there is one in this product.
Hey, for a good time, you can go to the KIV-7 conference at the Golden
Nugget hotel, January 15-17.  Maybe I'll see you there.
In these cases, I always wonder, "what's the real story?"

@_date: 2001-12-07 05:39:24
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: slavery in New Jersey 
References: <3C102352.1FDD4CF5
Could people on this list please learn to format stories that they
post here so we can read them?  How hard could that be?
Thank you.

@_date: 2001-12-14 07:16:36
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: The Truth about Cypherpunks 
I am beginning to think that this whole thing is not so much
"Cypherpunks vs. FBI" as it is "mullets vs. coolnecks".  Obviously,
the average mullet is no more qualified to understand net and crypto
than the average coolneck is qualified to understand... well whatever
it is that the FBI does.  This is ok though, because c'punks and FBIs
each represent the elite of the elite of mullets and coolnecks

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:30:37
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
from Tim May on Wed, 19 Dec 2001 23:33:54 -0800)
References: Any kind of privacy-enhanced token/payment/value system would be a
major accomplishment at this point.  The c'punks have been in biz for
almost ten years now, and private payments have always been probably
the  goal, and we are _further_ from having a private payment system
now than we were ten years ago.  We've got the math.  We don't have
the software or the business, though.
The reasons for this have been debated over and over.  We're at an

@_date: 2001-12-25 05:56:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Time to unsubscribe... 
Basically half the posts to this list are incoherent, idiotic rambling
from mattd at useoz.com and ravage at ...  The few bits of wonderfully
interesting news on this list aren't quite wonderful enough to
motivate me to figure out how to use mail filters.  If someone knows
of a filtered version of this list, please let me know.

@_date: 2001-12-25 22:14:51
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Time to unsubscribe... 
Nomen Nescio on Tue, 25 Dec 2001 23:10:32 +0100 (CET))
References: <52cc879c34a7f1bdd3339cbef8ca23f2
Just for the record, I'm not an ignorant MS user.  I'm an ignorant
user of something else, far more subtle.
[list snipped]
Choate and Mattd seem to be responsible for more than half the
traffic, and basically none of the value on this list.  I think it
would be almost tolerable without them on it.  Ok, time to figure out
the mysteries of filtering.

@_date: 2001-12-26 23:49:55
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
(pcmontecucchi
References:  <000001c18e62$b3e8c440$1ba1fea9
No, not at all.  There were a few articles on that grim subject pretty
recently.  Bottom line: There is no technology available today that
would work in a practical way to do this.  They are working on some
things that could do it, but they will all be slow and expensive and
they may expose passengers to X-rays or neutrons or something in order
to work.  One side "benefit" of these things is they will also be
effective against drug smuggling.  The risk is very real; a woman
could carry several pounds of explosives.  "They" are aware of this
but there isn't much they can do right now.
The way I see it, there are currently three risks to air travel which
are simply inherent in the current reality of the system.  One is
explosives or other weapons smuggled in the body.  Two is the risk of
the plane being taken down from an external weapon, like a missile or
even a big machinegun on the ground.  Three is the risk of pilot
suicide.  I don't see that there is a technological solution to any of
these attacks, and they are all real.
Weapons smuggled in the body: I'm not sure if this has ever happened
yet, but tons of drugs make their way around the world at a steady
98.6, so this is a real possibility.
A missile from the ground: Many shoulder-launched missiles go
"missing" every year, including ones from the US military.  Many have
been given to the Mujahadeen in Afghanistan while they were fighting
the Soviets.  Certainly the Pakistani ISI, and the Iraqis and Lybians
and North Koreans have easy access to these things.  Even if a
terrorist can't get a missile, I would imagine that a plain old 50 cal
machinegun, somewhere in the approach path of the planes, would
probably be able to do the job.
Pilot suicide: It is accepted by everyone but the Egyptians that pilot
suicide was the cause of the Egypt Air crash in 1999.  It is accepted
by everyone that the cause of the Silk Air crash in December of 1997
was pilot suicide.  How common is pilot suicide?  Those are the only
two that I know of.
We will end up doing many expensive and harmful things to achieve a
goal (perfect air safety) which is impossible to achieve.  Taking away
nail clippers is not the answer.

@_date: 2001-12-27 01:53:33
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
from David Honig on Wed, 26 Dec 2001 17:44:51 -0800)
References: <000001c18e62$b3e8c440$1ba1fea9
  <000001c18e62$b3e8c440$1ba1fea9
  <3.0.6.32.20011226174451.007efb80
Yeah, there have definitely been cases of surgically implanted drug
smuggling, so surigcal explosives wouldn't be surprising either.  A
good plastic (haha) surgeon might be able to implant 10lbs or more,
easily enough to bring down a plane.  Breast implants would be the
obvious place to put it, because they certainly can't open up every
woman who wants to get on a plane with "augmentation" so what can you
do?  Even if they CAT scanned every passenger, and breast implants
showed up on the scan, what could they do about it?  "We're going to
have to cut you open and take a sample of that breast material."  This
is starting to sound like an Austin Powers sequel...  Except
unfortunately this could be a grim reality, not a joke.
I remember reading about a drug smuggler who was stopped because his
legs were "unusual" looking.  They opened them up and found out that
the purpose of his trip was "business".
The solution to this problem might be greater use of high-speed
trains, video conferencing, and other things to make air travel less
They should be seized and destroyed by the fashion cops.

@_date: 2001-12-28 01:45:10
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling 
from Tim May on Thu, 27 Dec 2001 16:46:42 -0800)
References: <5C3B3E70-FB2C-11D5-A90A-0050E439C473
Sniffers are one way to detect things, but as you point out, it is
possible to get emissions so low that they cannot be detected.
However, the new methods are based on other exotic things like neutron
scanning and mass spec, which can detect chemical composition, right?
Also things like CAT scan X-rays and maybe even ultrasound can detect
different material types; ie, bone and flesh look different, so
perhaps C4 has a different X-ray opacity than other things?  With
things like neutron scanning, it should be possible to detect stuff
anywhere in the body, perhaps?  That's why boobs are the perfect place
for this.  A big homogenous-opacity shape in a body cavity or the
abdomen is suspicious, but boob implants are "normal".
I know little or nothing about these things.  Maybe someone can give
us a summary of the different super-scanning technologies?  Even
without knowing anything about them, I do know that they will all be
expensive, and, even if they are safe, they will have to overcome
public perceptions about radiation.  And brand-new technologies like
this are usually only partially effective.
Interesting stuff.  At the beginning of the 20th Century, four
countries had the opportunity to become empires: The US, the Russians,
the Germans and the Japanese.  After much bloodshed, the US won (I'm
glad about that, especially when you look at the alternatives).  Now
the US is having to put up with some of the unpleasant aspects of
being an empire, and that's why we're even discussing neutron scanning
to detect explosive boobs (aka "booby traps").

@_date: 2001-02-05 14:00:56
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: War On Drugs Targets Tech 
References:  <3A7E8A39.86C9D6FA
The War on Drugs could be stopped.  Think of it as a security problem.
The threat is "drugs are available in the US at free-market prices".
If there were a sucessful attack (ie, drugs became available at
free-market prices) the cost would be in the trillions of dollars per
year to the drug industry (ie, traffickers, law enforcement, military
anti-drug enforcement, intelligence agencies, etc).  To prevent this
threat from happening, two things need to be done: one, drugs must be
stopped at the border; and two, drugs must not be produced inside the
US.  A certain large amount of money is spent on these two security
Billions of packages move in and out of the US every year.  Every
single one of them could contain drugs.  If something were done to
radically increase the cost of hunting for drugs in these packages,
the War would come to an end.  Likewise, a huge amount of stuff is
produced, transported, and sold in the US, and if things could be done
to dramatically increase the cost of monitoring people, the war would
Just some thoughts.

@_date: 2001-02-17 07:51:54
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: Havenco status? 
Ever since the Wired article came out, I've thought that Havenco was a
joke (but not a very funny joke for the investors probably).  I've
been checking their site occasionally, and it always says "coming
soon".  Does anyone know if they are going to actually start selling
services, or have they given up?
Right now, it looks like the UK won't even have to waste any time
shutting them down, because Havenco's first-rate executive team will
do the job for them.

@_date: 2001-02-23 08:05:11
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: VERY URGENT 
References: <20010222215455.51049.qmail
These 419 scams must be great.  Sometimes it's tempting to run one of

@_date: 2001-01-12 09:57:15
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: Idea for tamper-resistant PC hardware 
Here's something I would like to see: a harddrive that is
tamper-resistant.  The threat model is a server is deployed in an
untrusted machineroom, and recovery of plaintext from the system is
unacceptable.  One obvious attack, involving an encrypted hard drive,
is for the attackers to have a "power failure" and then remove the
encrypted hard drive from the server, and reinstall it in an
"instrumented" server which can recover key data.  I want to defeat
that attack.
One obvious way to do that would be to have a bunch of thermite, or
explosives, or whatever that trigger when the thing is tampered with.
That's fine, but as a general rule, if the solution to the problem
requires explosives, I would rather try to find a different problem.
So here's another solution.  The hard drive itself is encrypted, and
the encryption/decryption hardware is part of the hard drive chips,
and all are mounted within a tamper-resistant enclosure.  Also mounted
in this enclosure is a little battery which will last for the lifetime
of the harddrive, and a large-enough capacitor.  When the enclosure is
tampered with, the capacitor sends a jolt through the chip that holds
the encryption key.  This jolt is big enough to melt the silicon, so
no key bits could be recovered (this would not require much of a jolt,
I would think).  Then the attacker would have the hard drive, but no
way to decrypt it.  Obviously, it would need sensors to detect
tampering with the case, and tricks liking freezing the thing, using
radiation, whatever.
This allows us to have data be permenantly destroyed, and the hard
drive permenantly deactivated, without doing any crazy stuff involving
pyrotechnics which looks bad in the media.  "The computer exploded,
injuring the thieves" looks much worse than "The thieves tripped a
safety mechanism and were unable to recover any data from the
computer."  It would also allow everyhting to be done in a
normal-looking PC case.
So the total solution would be a computer case with sensors which
trigger the capacitor in the hard drive, and also sensors in the hard
drive enclosure which trigger destruction of the key.
It seems like this wouldn't be such a complicated thing to implement.
Any thoughts on this?

@_date: 2001-01-28 14:34:00
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: More info about FBI's bug of mafios keyboard? 
A few months ago, it was revealed that the FBI broke into some
mafiosos house and installed some keysniffing software on his
computer, because he was using PGP.  Apparently the software was very
hlpeful to the prosecution in the trial.
Does anyone have any more technical info about this?  How did they
physically get in?  What kind of software did they use?  How do they
get the data which the software collects?
Curious.  Thanks

@_date: 2001-07-23 06:41:31
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: THE INCHOATE LAWYER 
References: Wow, finally some entertainment for us on the old c-punk list!  Maybe
they could do a "reality TV" show based on this.

@_date: 2001-07-23 20:26:39
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Customer service at Anonymizer/Cyberpass/Infonex 
Given the fact that the Anonymizer often comes up in Cypherpunk
contexts, and that many of you are probably reading this list from
cyberpass.net, which is hosted by Infonex (which is the same company
as the Anonymizer, all run by Lance Cottrell, I believe) some of you
may be interested in what Infonex's attitude about customer service
is, and how they conduct themselves as a business.
First, take a look at what they say about themselves:  At
 they claim, "All of our
services are not worth much if you are not making good use of
them. That is why service is first priority at Infonex."
I signed up with them several years ago (after c2net closed down its
shell account service).  I had my email address  printed
on business cards.  I gave it out to everyone.  At one point, they
stopped offering new shell account services, and then one day, I found
that I couldn't log in to my account.  I called their customer service
number, and found it to be eternally busy, with full voice-mail boxes.
Finally, I got through to someone there who explained that there were
no more shell accounts; I should get my files out by ftp.
That was annoying, but what was worse was that I went to get my files
off and found they were all gone.  I didn't need them urgently at the
time, and I thought, "maybe they're doing maintenance on the server,
and they will be restored later."  I went back in with ftp today, and
they were still gone.
I called up their customer service.  They basically said that the
server crashed and files were lost.  Fine, that's no problem.  Why not
restore from tape?  "All the files on /r2 were not backed up, and they
are lost."  Years worth of email and other files, all lost.  As they
say, "That is why service is first priority at Infonex."  I don't
expect an apology from them; there's really nothing which is a
substitute for operating in a professional manner.
Every time I have had to deal with their customer service, they have
always been less than helpful (that is when I can get through to
Think twice before you do business with them.  On the Internet of
today, there are plenty of places that do web hosting.  Why not choose
one that operates in a professional manner?
You may say, "if they lose data, that's great for the Anonymizer
service!"  That would be a naive assumption.  Companies which have a
culture of sloppiness or unprofessionalism will end up hurting their
customers in a variety of ways.  If they don't know to use RAID or
backup their servers, they probably also don't know to check the
security of their code.  Sloppy one wy, sloppy every way.

@_date: 2001-07-24 22:21:44
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
on Tue, 24 Jul 2001 11:29:36 -0700)
References: <3B5DBB75.23A82CAB
Yes, I'm one.  AMD all the way.  Anyway, it's cheaper and has better
Yes, I'm one.  Linux or *BSD.  It's cheaper and better than Windows.
I admit that MS Office is the best office suite around, but I'm doing
ok with Star Office and Koffice.  Konqueror is a better browser than
IE, too.  Adobe products are much more replacable than MS products.
Acroread?  We have xpdf and some others.  PS interpreter?  We have gs.
Photoshop?  We have the gimp.  Illustrator?  We have Kontour.  These
products are all as good as or better than the competing Adobe
products, and they're all free.  They can all be modified in any way I
need.  xpdf and gs can be patched to ignore encryption (although I
guess that's a felony now).  Now, lets see, what did we need Adobe for
again?  I can't think of anything!
I would imagine that Dmitri has the "typical" geeky programmer
personality (ok, making very broad stereotypes here), which tends more
towards playful than vicious... but what if he doesn't?  What if he is
vicious, vengeful and irrational?  Russia is quite a violent place.
Adobe's people in Russia could be in a lot of danger from this.  I
hope not, because violence is bad and the people to blame are probably
a few lawyers and executives and some FBI agents and a lot of
legislators, none of whom are in Russia, but people act irrationally

@_date: 2001-07-31 00:12:04
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
References: <3B65C247.127FFF39 <004701c11935$c950c780$2d010a0a <3B65C7DB.883E512A <007301c11940$47b26700$2d010a0a <3B65E737.E621DE0B
Just because they're wrong and you're right doesn't benefit you at all
when you are in jail for contempt, losing your ass-cherry.  The belief
to the contrary is what M. Unicorn would call a "classic Cypherpunk
fallacy".  M. Unicorn is absolutely right here.  Trusts are a great
thing which, in this case, allow you to completely achieve what you're
trying to achieve, while complying all of the court's instructions.
Use them!  Why waste time being an outlaw?

@_date: 2001-07-31 22:51:44
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs.  Was: Re: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
References: <3B66809A.6842.48A7CE7 <003c01c119f6$1d0439f0$2d010a0a
Some reasonable legal advice on the c'punk list!  Amazing!
M. Unicorn, I could sugest a few valid reasons for posting it on
"Your honor, freenet is a system which backs up data on multiple
servers.  I thought the document was extremely important, and that was
the most reasonable way I could find to ensure that it is not lost."
"Your honor, this document describes the situation in Tibet/democracy
in Taiwan/Falun Gong, and I wanted to make it available to the
citizens of China, and Freenet seemed like the most reasonable way."
"I wanted to publish it.  Freenet is an alternative to using a more
expensive or difficult web server."
Would some of these be convincing to a judge?
Btw, if the defendant had any reason to believe that the document
might soon be the subject of a court proceeding, and he then placed it
out of his control in a trust, he would be in just as much trouble as
if he had used any c'punk methods.  It would be called a "fradulent
conveyance", right?

@_date: 2001-06-06 18:23:14
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: "US customers buy $3,000 phone that will not work" 
on Wed, 06 Jun 2001 11:21:31 +0100)
References:   <3B1CF3CC.36CEDF32 <3B1E042B.61DA0A4D
Voice encrytion is cursed.  It's tabboo.  There's a lot of demand for
it, it shoud be cheap and easy to do it, and yet it never happens.
When I have enough money, I'm going to make it happen by hiring
someone to build and sell the Harmless Little Board project.

@_date: 2001-06-11 03:47:01
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Social Security Numbers and health insurance 
I need to sign up for health insurance tomorrow.  I'm going to buy
individual coverage from Kaiser.  On their form, it asks for an SSN,
of course.
Well, Kaiser is not a government agency, and is certainly not
associated with the Social Security Adminisrtation in any way, so they
have no legitimate need for my SSN, and I don't want to give it to
them.  I'm wondering how best to go about doing this:
1. I could make up an SSN and give it to them.  I basically just have
   to make sure it's one that hasn't been taken, and corresponds to my
   real birth county, right?
2. I could say that I don't have an SSN.  Most people in the world
   don't have SSNs.  Would they then require proof that I'm not a US
   citizen?  Or will they just assign me some kind of policy number?
   That would be ideal.
3. I could refuse to give it to them, but I think they would probably
   then refuse to give me coverage.
Any thoughts?  I have absolutely no health problems that I'm aware of,
and I'm not trying to hide any pre-existing condition, and my only
medical records are things which say, "he's healthy", so I'm not
trying to commit any kind of fraud here, I just want my privacy.

@_date: 2001-03-04 08:06:47
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: Opus Dei and the FBI 
Not to get conspiratorial here, but this is an interesting subject
which I don't think has been explored very much.
Background: Opus Dei ("God's Work") is a Catholic order (or cult, as
its detractors would call it) which emphasizes strict obedience of its
members, close supervision of many aspects of its members' lives, and
a certain degree of secretiveness about its own activities.
It is known that FBI Director Louis Freeh is a member of Opus Dei, and
he sends one of his sons to an Opus Dei school.
Interestingly, former agent Robert Hanssen was also an Opus Dei
member.  This is peculiar because Opus Dei is stridently
anti-communist, and yet Hanssen was allegedly a spy for the KGB, who
allegedly did significant harm to American national security,
including causing the deaths of two American agents in the KGB.
It's widely known that there is a significantly disproportionate
number of Mormons in the FBI, but not much is known about how much
influence Opus Dei might have at the FBI.  Like Opus Dei, the Mormon
Church supervises its members lives closely, and is secretive about
its own activities.
Take a look at:  for
some unofficial, and probably biased, information about Opus Dei.
Also take a look at their official website,  to get
the official story, which is probably also biased.  Then draw your own
conclusions and ask your own questions.
I'm just bringing this up in this forum to see if anyone else has any
insight or information on this topic.  I've tried to keep my comments
balanced and objective; I'm not trying to suggest some kind of Opus Dei
conspiracy to take over the FBI or anything else beyond the accepted
facts I referred to above.  I'm really just wondering if anyone else
has some more information about this topic.

@_date: 2001-03-09 21:14:46
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
References: It was a polite and reasonable post.  I think it's cool that he did
that, and what he said makes sense.  Now I guess I'm an assistant
attorney apologist apologist....

@_date: 2001-03-10 00:23:28
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: The Private Secretary Of The Most Honorable Sir 
References: <200103100015.TAA21988@
Or, more accurately, "A quick search could tell anyone what to read if
HE had a reason to."  In New and Old English.

@_date: 2001-03-12 19:35:25
@_author: drevil at sidereal.kz 
@_subject: Toy gun ban: This is pleasantly insane 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20010312102620.00a68170
I would have thought that they posed a "replica of a real threat" to

@_date: 2001-11-07 00:46:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Mail filters in qmail? 
Ok, I have come to the conclusion that this list is unbearable without
some filters.  Can someone recomend what is the easiest way to drop
email from certain posters, using the Qmail system?  I just want
something simple which won't require me to learn some new
super-powerful filter ruleset description language.  I just want to be
able to say, "If it comes from ravage at ... please discard."

@_date: 2001-11-09 20:41:48
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: A Simple Plan ( Re: explosives ) 
References: <3BEC3FE5.A7A89FDF
I have an even simpler process:
1. Go to the supermarket.  You will need the following it: Five large
   cans of refried beans, a piece of cheesecloth, and a cigarette
   lighter or some long matches.
2. Eat the beans.  All of them.
3. After a sufficient quantity of explosive gas has formed, moisten
   the cheesecloth.
4. Remove your outer and underwear.
5. Lay on your back, and drape the wet cheesecloth (don't forget, it
   needs to be wet!) in such a way as to protect yourself from fiery
   harm.  With the other hand, hold the lighter and ignite the gas as
   you release it.
6. You have created an explosion!
The Cypherpunks is always a helpful list!

@_date: 2001-11-18 01:35:37
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
from Tim May on Sat, 17 Nov 2001 10:00:05 -0800)
References: As someone (Bob, perhaps?) says, financial crypto is the only kind of
crypto that matters.  Other things are interesting and useful, but
this is the big one.  Let's recap Tim's definition here: the financial
crypto we're talking about here is anonymous unlinkable holding of
value and untracable anonymous transfer of value.  That's what we're
talking about.  The math and the technology are there, but it hasn't
happened, and it isn't any closer to happening now than it was ten
years ago.  In fact it's even further away from happening.
There have been endless discussions of why it hasn't happened, but the
bottom line is, various powerful heavily-armed groups (tax collectors
and their beneficiaries and many others) would lose literally billions
or even trillions of dollars if that happened, so they will put
infinite pressure on anyone who tries to do it.  If you thought that
you were going to lose a billion dollars, what wouldn't you do to stop
that, especially if you have the legal power to use deadly force,
write laws, and throw people in jail?  Therefore, the operators of the
scheme need to be anonymous, hidden, or hiding in a cave in
Afghanistan (er, maybe that doesn't work anymore).  Anyway, there are
serious barriers to trusting people who are anonymous with your life
savings, and there are serious reasons why such a system may never be
So, is there a way to get the system to work?  There may be ways, but
it's going to be a trick, and until that happens, all the other fun
crypto-anarchy stuff won't go anywhere.  This list is full of
predictions, and here's mine: no anonymous digital cash will exist
anytime soon (the next year, or five or ten years).
The world goes on the way it always has!  If you think back to humans
evolving as small tribal groups, certain distributions of behavior
were needed: we needed leaders, grunts, artists, craftsmen, risk
takers, risk avoiders, freaks, and many other types.  We don't live in
tribal groups anymore but we still have that distribution of
behaviors.  Maybe financial crypto doesn't fit into this kind of
distribution because it's too great a challenge to too many people.
Financial crypto would let people bypass the leader-controler types in
many important ways.

@_date: 2001-11-18 04:59:33
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
References: You need to build an inner jail for your inner policeman!  But to make
sure that he has due process, you need an inner internal affairs
department to look into his complaints!
This is going to be complicated.

@_date: 2001-10-02 03:41:45
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Lesson from WTC: Question Authority 
from Tim May on Mon, 1 Oct 2001 11:05:06 -0700)
References: That is a good point.  I'm sure the passengers on the hijacked planes
were doing the same thing: waiting for the "authorities" to rescue
them.  The standard advice is "comply with their demands and let the
authorities handle the problem".  It's part of the "dial 911"
mentality that is common in America, which basically says, "You are
not responsible for your own personal safety; the authorities are."
Unfortunately, in the long history of the world, it has been proven
time and time again that the only person you can really count on for
your safety is your own self, and America has not discovered some
magic formula that makes that no longer true.
Obviously, the passengers on the one plane that didn't hit its target
knew from information from the other planes that if they didn't take
their own action to solve the problem, they would end up slamming into
some target, and they heroicly decided to take matters into their own
One good thing to come out of this is that people will question that
old advice.  Gun sales are up apparently.

@_date: 2001-10-04 07:20:28
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: WTC Photos 
from John Young on Wed, 03 Oct 2001 23:06:59 -0700)
References: <200110040313.XAA22949
This brings to mind something which would be a very cool project: Have
a digital camera that public key encrypts the photos before storing
them.  Obviously the private key would be stored in some other safe
place, so if the camera is stolen, no one can see what the photographs
are.  I'm sure Canon will never add this feature, but someday soon
these things may be running Linux and may be hackable.
Anyway, I can't wait to see the photos.

@_date: 2001-10-05 00:39:25
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
References: <3BBD0075.4457F2D6
Interesting idea in the area of "psychological warfare" I guess, but
one problem: There are Jews and Moslems in the US army who might have
a lot of problems with this.  But hey, I'm in favor of anything that
can end this conflict with the minimum of human bloodshed.  Didn't the
US drop beer on the Ho Chi Minh trail at some point?  Maybe we need a
big beer delivery in Kabul.  Perhaps a Britney Spears concert?
One thing to keep in mind is the ordinary guys in Afghanistan are
aching for anything American (or rather, anything American that
doesn't go "bang").  When Titanic finally got circulated in
Afghanistan on video tape (a few years after it came out in the West)
guys were getting Leo Dicaprio hair cuts, and that pissed off the
Taliban.  Maybe the US could take advantage of its cultural, instead
of military, might?  Any other solution is better than killing if
First of all, Islam does not allow sucide attacks.  Secondly, I just
read that these guys were habitues of the Vegas stripclub scene.  I
guess that's a little luxury you can't find in Kabul.  Allah will
judge them.

@_date: 2001-10-05 02:36:59
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
on Thu, 04 Oct 2001 21:11:34 -0400)
References: <3BBD0075.4457F2D6
  <20011005003925.5658.qmail
  <3BBD08C6.E9ADA424
Hey there's nothing wrong with Britney except for her music, right?
That's a good way to look at it.  Anyway, the Koran is written in
Arabic, and Joe Taliban speaks some Persian dialect, and he may not be
literate in that, much less literate in Koranic Arabic, so they
basically can't read it themselves, and have to rely on the mullahs,
who, as you point out, have agendas.  I guess it's the same situation
with the Catholic church in the middle ages.
The situation is the same everywhere.  In the US there are some people
who don't believe that the 2nd Amendment means that people have the
right to bear arms.

@_date: 2001-10-05 07:19:56
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Incentives (Re: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with 
Al-gorithm on Thu, 04 Oct 2001 20:50:16 -0700)
References: <3BBD2DF8.3CCC1126
Well, my point is that they are extremely serious about achieving
various political goals, but don't know the first thing about what
Islam really means.  To put it another way, was Stalin a communist?
Yes, in the sense of being a member of the Communist Party, but other
than that, not in the slightest little bit.  He didn't believe in
Marxism in even the tiniest degree; he believed only in his own
personal power, and Marxism was a convenient rhetoric for that.  Same
with Mr. bin Laden.  He calls himself a Moslem but he doesn't act like
one.  A few things about Islam: The word Islam is a cognate of the
Hebrew word "Shalom", meaning "peace".  Islam specificly states that
people who follow a religion which is based on a revealed book are
alright (this basically means Jews and Christians).  Islam reveres
martyrs but forbids suicide attacks; ie, if you plan to be a martyr,
you aren't, and you're going to hell.  All these points are obvious if
you've taken Islam 101.  Mr. bin Laden is smart enough to understand
these things but has chosen a life which is repulsive to any true
Moslem.  There isn't any serious theological debate about that fact.
The Koran is pretty clear on the big points like that.  The terrorists
themselves were the same way.  The American way of life, particularly
things like Vegas and strip clubs, is ostensibly what they were trying
to destroy, and yet they couldn't resist it at a personal level.  This
is just how human beings are.  Humans are hypocrites who say, "Do as I
say, not as I do."  You can see it everywhere: Rosie O'donnel's
bodyguards carry guns, the Catholic clergy is infested with AIDS,
Clinton swore to defend the Constution, whatever, that's just how
people are.
Actually.... this brings up a very interesting point.  The fact is,
these guys had families, spoke English, had skills, had visas to
Western countries, probably had Western friends, basically they were
people who could have had bright hopes and futures.  They also had a
taste of the West and they liked it, including little Western perks
like alcohol and lap dances.  They were older, not wide-eyed
teenagers.  As I understand, they were recent converts to the
extremist cause.  I think some of them converted while in Western
countries.  Hmmm, it's possible for a guy in that position (visa,
future, skills, Western tastes) to convert to someone who wants to go
out in a fireball for Allah, but it makes me wonder a little bit if
there was more to it than that.  Also, to get 19 such people to commit
over a period of years with no leaks, including no leaks from people
who turned down this fabulous once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, quite
amazing.  Maybe the 70-eager-virgins-a-day was the carrot, but I
suspect there may have been a stick, too.  That would be an
interesting thing to know more about.

@_date: 2001-10-06 05:53:50
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Anthrax...coincidence? 
from Tim May on Fri, 5 Oct 2001 21:11:21 -0700)
References: <32DDAD28-BA10-11D5-9404-0050E439C473
Very interesting, I can't find this story _anywhere_ other than the
URL you posted.  It should be white-hot news, because two airborne
anthrax infections in the same region, where the terrorists trained,
is either an enormous, outrageous coincidence, or a biological
attack.  Too bad that, like the smallpox vaccine, the anthrax vaccine
isn't available to civilians.  "We won't vaccinate you!" seems like
not the optimal way to fight bioterrorism.  Maybe if enough people die
from it, there will be a black market in vaccines to meet the obvious
demand.  Maybe people will go to jail for having the wrong antibodies.
FORTUNATELY, this stuff is not contagious.  Either you have it or you
don't.  If there was an attack, it's too late to do anything about it,
as far as I can tell from reading on the 'net.

@_date: 2001-10-06 06:04:46
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: 2nd anthrax case url 
Here is a slightly easier URL for the only article I can find on the
2nd anthrax case:

@_date: 2001-10-10 00:21:45
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards in 
(kmself
References: <20011009171411.B13983
Time was, people knew grammar.  Not anymore.  Consultant Larry Ponemon
needs to hire a grammar consultant to tell him: "_These_ data _were_
so disorganized... There _are_ so _many_ bad data out there..."
Get a clue, Mr. Ponemon!

@_date: 2001-10-10 01:52:56
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Holiday in Antarctica (was Re: Anthrax Case Number Three) 
on Tue, 09 Oct 2001 18:45:00 -0700)
References: <3BC3A81C.3FA18B63
I think that any national government puts its citizens at risk, so I
am now logged in from a sealed yurt in Antarctica via Inmarsat.  I
hope I'll be safe here.  Eh Senor Escobar, this place is very cold,
but there's room in the yurt for you if you would like.  You can grow
some primo Antarctic hydro-kind here if you like.  White powder
everywhere!  Come on over for some old-fashioned Kazakh hospitality
and a plate of penguin a l'orange, amigo!  Si si!
I'll be sure to post some photos when they start 3G service here:
"Here's me with some snow.  The white stuff over there is also snow.
That white thing there is a polar bear.  Yeah, I know they don't have
polar bears in Antarctica.  He's just visiting."

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:19:39
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
(EEST))
References: Some of us will always know that "data" is plural, "kudos" and
"everyone" are singular, and the plural of "octopus" is "octopuses".
But I will not deny you your right to bad grammar!

@_date: 2001-10-11 03:19:17
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Documented criminal/terrorist uses of cryptography? 
from David Honig on Wed, 10 Oct 2001 19:54:24 -0700)
References: <3.0.6.32.20011010195424.007c8650
It seems highly likely that there will be an effort to stop net
anonymity, which will basicly means KYC for ISPs.
You won't be able to travel anonymously, pay anonymously, or
communicate anonymously.  Not that there's any reason to believe that
these restrictions would have hindered the terrorists in any way.

@_date: 2001-10-11 19:26:47
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
on Thu, 11 Oct 2001 13:00:09 +0100)
References:  <20011010191939.9979.qmail
  <3BC589C9.13B9765C
You mean, I'm using English right now?  All this time I thought I was
speaking Latin!

@_date: 2001-10-13 03:45:43
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Very important question: Is Mr. bin Laden a leftie? 
I have the impression, from the small number of photos and videos that
I have seen, that Mr. bin Laden may be sinister, in the literal sense
of the word.  Does anyone have information on this?  This leads to the
obvious question: if you're firing an AK left-handed, how do you avoid
getting brass stuck in your beard?
The curious want to know.

@_date: 2001-10-13 08:19:02
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Paper tigers II 
References: They are not a hoax, not at all.  However, contrary to the rumors
flying around, they are not at all related to the events of 9/11.  You
have to look someplace further away than Afghanistan to find the
source.  Hint: why do you think it is taking them so long to analyze
the DNA?  BECAUSE IT ISN'T FROM EARTH!  Do you think there is a
coincidence in the timing of the anthrax situation and the enormous
dust storm on Mars?  Do you think that maybe this dust storm, which
has been going on for three months, might be being used to CONCEAL
something which is going on on the surface of the planet?  Or do you
think these two incidents are just another "coincidence"?  Yeah, and
I've got a bridge I can sell you.

@_date: 2001-10-13 20:29:05
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Paper tigers II 
References:  <4.3.2.7.2.20011013002745.02ec7e30
Yes.... yes... I would like to put the crack pipe down, but I don't
remember which direction down is.  Can I get there from here?
I am in a happy yurt in Antarctica, as I mentioned in my previous
email.  I have invited Senor Pablo Escobar to come over for penguin a
l'orange, flown in all the way from the North Pole.  I hope some
friend to join us in our happy frozen yurt, ja ja!

@_date: 2001-10-14 20:27:50
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
from Tim May on Sat, 13 Oct 2001 22:42:11 -0700)
References: <3701B95E-C066-11D5-9467-0050E439C473
I am sorry, Senor May, but the man you refer to as a "nitwit" is
actually right in this case!  Tell me, how do you think I keep my yurt
warm here in Antarctica?  Do you think I call the local utility co and
have them string up a line?  No!  Cold is the main natural resource
down here, so I rely on cold fusion, although I have an inner infolded
electromagnetic range.  You think a big Viking gas range boils water
fast?  Well if you put this thing on any setting higher than "low" you
go from a block of polar ice to super-heated steam before you can say

@_date: 2001-10-14 21:07:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: More on "new physics" 
(message from Incognito Innominatus on Sun, 14 Oct 2001 15:56:00 -0500
  (CDT))
References: Dude, we hablamos the same lingo!
Ja ja!

@_date: 2001-10-14 22:28:15
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
References: <3BC9F164.4BE4C9EE <20011014231015.3A5C86E42
Spores tend to be pretty rugged.  One of the reasons anthrax is such
an ideal weapon is that its spores are rugged enough to tolerate being
used on missiles and bombs, which means extremes of temperature, I
supose.  I think you would need to microwave it pretty intensely to
kill it.  Microwave radiation is non-ionizing so it kills things by
heating the entire things, which means you need to use enough heat to
denature enough proteins to stop metabolism.  Using radio isotopes to
irradiate it would be a different matter.  That might be much more
effective and would do less damage to the mail than a microwave oven.
The right kinds of radiation are ionizing, which causes very reactive
free radicals to be formed in the cell.  It doesn't take very many of
these free radicals to damage the DNA beyond usefulness, usually by
breaking it.  Some organisms are radio resistant, which means they
have hyper-active DNA repair systems and multiple copies of important
enzymes.  This comes at a cost of needing more energy to run these
systems and to build more DNA so the organisms are at a disadvantage
compared to non-radio-resistant organisms in non-radio environments.
If you wanted to build a real weapon-type anthrax you could do stuff
like grow it with increasing levels of antiobiotics, so it would get
resistant to them, and then you could also expose it to heat,
radiation, whatever.  I'm sure the superpowers have done that kind of
stuff.  The principles behind this are simple, but the practice is
probably quite a challenge.  It would be interesting to know if the
anthrax that is showing up in the mail is the natural stuff or some
kind of weapon-grade stuff.
The safest thing to do is to stick to email.  In a yurt.  In

@_date: 2001-10-15 00:17:24
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: brown sugar, how come you dance so sweet? 
References: <20011014233115.72847.qmail <3BCA2B3A.5070002
Then you obviously haven't been reading my posts.

@_date: 2001-10-16 04:14:39
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody... 
(message from Incognito Innominatus on Mon, 15 Oct 2001 23:18:00 -0500
  (CDT))
References: <06c6cac981e1d6cd9f2a77b95b4cce17
"Hhmmm" is probably the only thing we all agree on here.

@_date: 2001-10-17 23:28:36
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
Every once in a while even cpunks need a little respite from ranting,
and some refreshing topic which hasn't been beaten to a painful
ad-hominem-death a thousand times already... so here's the topic.
What methods are there for doing non-verbal, cross-cultural IQ tests?
Some obvious things come to mind, like geomtric analogy questions, but
that would seem to favor people who have strong spatial or visual
reasoning, which is only one aspect of overall intelligence.  Any
other options?

@_date: 2001-10-18 02:02:45
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
(kmself
References:   <3BCE2F48.491BF7C8
  <20011017185140.A2391
You forgot one: Shopping.  They are second in shopping only to Persian
Jewish women in LA.

@_date: 2001-10-18 02:50:26
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
from David Honig on Wed, 17 Oct 2001 19:37:18 -0700)
References: <3.0.6.32.20011017193718.00b88590
Hehehe, no, but that is a funny thought!  I can use my fuzzy text to
exclude robots from a site, but maybe I should also include a little
IQ test to exclude inferior minds.  That is a very good idea.  I'll
try to write up a little server that does that.
Here in my yurt in Antartica, obviously, I don't have a basement, and,
following energy-saving sugestions on this list, I am heating the
place with inner infolded electromagnetic free energy vacuum motors,
and oh boy, if you don't adjust the thermostat right on those things,
it can get pretty hot in here!  Someone open a window!  Oh wait, yurts
don't have windows.  Let's see, if I were writing the SAT analogy
test, I would put:
Inner infolded electromagnetic free energy :: Dilithium crystals as
a) Cold fusion :: Heisenburg compensator
b) Splitfire sparkplugs :: Female condom
c) Thighmaster :: Tiger penis virility pills
d) Miracle grow :: Miracle whip
e) French :: Greek
That's right, the SAT is a Scholastic Aptitude Test, and is not by any
means a cross-cultural IQ test.  You need a certain IQ to do well in
college, but good work habits, concentration and a good memory may be
more important.  I am currently working on a phd here at Antarctica U.

@_date: 2001-10-18 21:08:15
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Expert Warns Coded Pictures Indicate Al Qaeda Planning 
(auto301094
References: <200110181940.f9IJeL013812
Fascinating website.  This may sound disturbing, but I must say, this
terrorist was a pretty good painter if these really are his paintings.
Mr. Koontz made some good points about the biological attack, but his
thesis is predicated on the idea of yellow meaning sickness, and I'm
not sure if it all ties together.  For instance, one of the paintings
clearly shows an Arabian horse struggling uphill into a field of
yellow.  Yellow in this case looks like peace or salvation.  He also
didn't pick up the image of a horse running up the rock being a
reference to how Mohamed went to heaven, so there may be some other
interpretations of these images.
I hope none of these plots will come to pass.

@_date: 2001-10-19 09:46:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
References: <3BC9F164.4BE4C9EE <20011019022144.A2024
I would not think that ordinary ironing would effectively
decontaminate letters with anthrax in them.  These are tough spores.
The only way to really find out what works would be to try the
experiment, but they need a lot of heat, so you might need to do a lot
of ironing.  Irradiation is a much better bet.  Better still is a
plain old gas mask, or maybe some anthrax vaccine.  Oh wait, civilians
aren't allowed to have vaccine because safety isn't really the goal
There is no counter-countermeasure necessary.  The goal of the
terrorists isn't to take down America by killing Americans.  The goal
of anthrax is to spread hysteria and terror, and it is doing that with
great efficacy.  The counter-measure to hysteria is knowledge.  There
is no counter-measure to knowledge, which is why it's so cool.
Unfortunately the US government is contributing to the hysteria by
withholding knowledge.
Fortunately we have the Internet which lets us find information for

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:09:50
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
from David Honig on Sat, 20 Oct 2001 15:01:46 -0700)
References:   <3.0.6.32.20011020150146.0081bb50
There's an even simpler alternative: Sure, CA licenses may have this
mag strip, but the format is not universal throughout the world, or
even the US.  Carry your passport, which doesn't have a mag strip
(last time I checked).  Carry a foreign drivers license.  Do you know
how easy it is to get a drvers license in some foreign countries?
They should be valid ID for a bar in California.  Next time I'm in
some unknown little third world country I will make a point of picking
up an official government-issued id.  "Yes, Mr. Bouncer, this is my
government-issued photo ID.  Yes, Tajikistan is very cold this time of
As for legality of it, it may be legal but it's a sleazy thing to do.
I'm sure we are going to see more of this.  Larry Ellison may not get
his exact dream to come true, but there will certainly be real-time ID
verification databases with good net connections, so the teller at the
bank will be able to swipe your ID and see your photo come up on his
screen.  This makes forging an ID essentially impossible, unless you
can also hack into the DB in some way.
Do all states even have magstrips?

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:52:29
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
Seaver on Sat, 20 Oct 2001 17:48:44 -0500)
References:   <3.0.6.32.20011020150146.0081bb50
  <20011020220950.12639.qmail
  <3BD1FF36.4AADAA0D
I'm sure you can buy card readers that will read it, but I'm equally
sure you won't find anything sinister on it.  From what I understand,
all they put on the back is a machine-readable version of the text
that's on the front.  Nothing mysterious.
Sooner or later the strips will be replaced with some kind of
tamper-resistant smart chips, and then we will have a much harder time
knowing what's on the chip.
What's disgusting about Larry is that he wants to impose this on
everyone but himself.  When he checks into a hotel, do you think he
whips out the Larry credit card and drivers license?  No, of course
not.  He has an assistant who checks in for him.  He is completely
anonymous in this case.  When he gets on a commercial plane, does he
have to show id and have his bags searched and remove all metal
objects?  No, of course not because he doesn't fly on commercial
planes.  I'm sure that the actual number of times Larry has to show ID
or use his personal credit card per year are pretty close to zero.
Compare that to the average American, who will have to show
Larry-ID(tm) every time he does any kind of financial transaction,
travels anywhere, goes to a bar, goes to the gym, goes to a library,
rents a movie, signs up with an ISP, or anything.

@_date: 2001-10-21 01:30:44
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
from David Honig on Sat, 20 Oct 2001 18:28:31 -0700)
References: <3BD1FF36.4AADAA0D
  <3.0.6.32.20011020150146.0081bb50
  <20011020220950.12639.qmail
  <3BD1FF36.4AADAA0D
  <3.0.6.32.20011020182831.007f66f0
Hey, it's easy to destroy something, much harder to read from it.
Also, this chip will need to communicate with other devices all the
time so if your chip is munched, the card will be pretty useless.
Coming soon to a country near you!

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:00:33
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
from Tim May on Sat, 20 Oct 2001 19:32:07 -0700)
References: That is a good observation, and something which I'll never
understand.  How can they want to recreate the conditions that lead to
their families being killed just a couple of generations ago?  How
could a Jew possibly support gun control?

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:19:21
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
References: "Built-in crypto" is a big overstatement for OpenBSD.  Unfortunately,
Win 2000 has more built-in crypto than OpenBSD does.  Hint: Try to
create an encrypted FS on OpenBSD.  Now try on Windows 2000.

@_date: 2001-10-22 20:36:02
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
References: No and no.
I didn't say I trust it.  I just said it's there, and it isn't there
in OpenBSD.  Why doesn't OpenBSD support such a basic thing as an
encrypted FS?  There's encryption built-in everywhere else except the
one place which makes all the difference if the machine itself is
I think there are Two Great Encryption Tabboos: Encrypted voice and
encrypted FS.  I would like to see OpenBSD support the encrypted FS in
its default kernel, thus making it the first OS with such a feature (I
don't count hacks such as loopback FS).
Beer is precious.  Don't waste it on your keyboard.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:34:27
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
from David Honig on Mon, 22 Oct 2001 14:06:08 -0700)
References:   <3.0.6.32.20011022140608.00830460
What they don't understand is that the State _is_ people.  They're
people, some of whom are good, some are bad, some are smart, some are
dumb, most are just ordinary people but a very tiny number are smart,
competent and truly evil.  On the whole, the people who are in the
Government of the US are not much different from the rest of the
people in the US.  I just can't understand why someone would want
someone else to have power of life and death over him.  In life I have
learned that the only person who I can absolutely rely on to look
after my interests is me.  Isn't this obvious?
Nevermind, of course it's obvious, but it's also scary ("you mean, I
have to be ready to defend myself?").

@_date: 2001-10-23 01:45:07
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
References: I am aware of that, but it's a hack, and it doesn't work well.  For
example, it has no way of detecting when you enter an incorrect
password.  Anyway, for an OS which prides itself on built-in crypto,
why do we have to mess around with loopback?  There are many FS
features, such as being able to change read, write end execute perms
for owner, group and root, which don't require a loopback FS.  How is
this any different from that?  If it were really integrated crypto, I
would be able to do mount -k /dev/sd0c
and it would do the right thing.  Even better, I would be prompted for
a password during boot so it could boot from an encrypted fs.
This is a glaring hole in OpenBSD's crypt-everywhere mantra.

@_date: 2001-10-23 03:06:29
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
(is that the correct plural of Starium?)
NOW TAKING PRE-ORDERS FOR DELIVERY IN DECEMBER 2001/JANUARY 2002
Very Limited Quantity Available
A 50% Deposit Will Reserve Your Units Today!!
1-10 Units  $995 USD Each
11-20 Units $936 USD Each
21-50 Units $884 USD Each
51 Units+ Call For Price
What do people here think of this?  My initial thoughts are:
1. Voice encryption is great.  It's the Last Great Encryption Taboo
   (the other is file encryption, but that's not nearly as taboo as
   voice).  I'm glad to see something on the market which addresses
   this.  Obviously, all traffic, including saying hi to grandma,
   should be encrypted.
2. The unit looks very easy to use.  I could travel anywhere in the
   world with it (well, anywhere that it's legal) and plug it in and
   press one button and it works.  That's great.
1. I would like to see an open source reference software
   implementation, or some way to verify that there are no "naughty
   bits" in this thing.  I know, open source isn't much of a business
   model, but with encryption products, it seems almost essential.
2. It's expensive.  It costs more than a PC.  However, $2k for two
   units is small compared to the value of data it could be securing,
   so for many users, the price will be fine.
3. A minor nitpick: It uses 3DES.  What's wrong with AES?
I think I would like to buy some of them, but I can't decide if I want
to be an early adopter, or wait for cheaper and better versions to
come out.

@_date: 2001-10-24 03:07:35
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: openbsd encrypted fs 
Bill Stewart on Tue, 23 Oct 2001 09:07:47 -0700)
References: <20011023014507.4141.qmail
  <5.0.2.1.1.20011023085022.03235620
It creates an loop encrypted loopback FS.
I tested it out and it was about 200% slower than normal, which is not
a problem, in my opinion.  It's hard to believe that the latency came
from the encryption, because the encryption operation is probably not
much more computational than the checksum operation, whereas having to
write to two FSes at the same time involves all kinds of OS layers and
lots of latency.
No, it has nothing to do with speed.  Machines are plenty fast.  This
is just a kludgy way to do this, and the last time I tried it, I got
kernel panics within a day or so of uptime.  Not acceptable,
obviously.  Anyway, the problem is that vnconfig creates a raw disk
partition, and then you have to put an FS on top of that, so vnconfig
has no way of knowing if you entered the password correctly or not,
and basically this method just sucks.  My file system already has
features such as file ownership, directories, file names, and
checksums.  I don't need to use some hacked feature to get those
features to work.  How is encryption any different from those other
features?  Answer: it isn't.  It should just be there.
Look, how can you not understand this?  Isn't this the cypherpunks
list we're on here?  You might as well ask, "is encrypting my
phonecall to grannie ever useful?"  If I have a choice between
encrypting and not encrypting, why would I not choose encrypting?
Surely you can appreciate that a software-only solution to
tamper-resistance might have some usefulness?  Surely you can
understand that, given a choice between booting from a CD and booting
from hard disk, it might be an enormous pain to boot from CD all the
time, and CDs are far less tamper-resistant than encrypted disk?
Surely you can understand that there might be some config files in
perhaps a user wants to make sure that it cannot be proved that a
certain application or kernel mod is installed?  With the right kind
of boot loader and encrypted FS, you could conceal which OS is even
being run.
Here's one of the biggest security tool design falacies of all time,
which you have fallen into: "Off the top of my head, I can't think of
a threat model for this configuration option, so no one needs it, so
I'll hard-code this limitation into my tool.  Why would anyone want to
conceal which OS he is running?"  There are more threat models than
you or I can possibly imagine, so it is horrificly bad to design use
contstraints into your security tools architecture.  But very few
people understand this.
Right, thank you, someone understands this.  Imagine a laptop with VPN
software and config on it, for instance.
Network security is problem  for most servers, but there are a
hundred other problems behind it, and physical security is somewhere
high up there.  Let's put it this way: Let's say you have a DB which
stores 100k credit card numbers.  This is not uncommon in e-commerce.
Stolen credit card numbers have a value of about $5 each on the black
market I am told.  Suddenly you have data on the machine which are
worth $500k.  Hmm, do you have armed guards on duty 24 hours a day to
protect this $500k asset?  Where does one find armed guards who can be
trusted?  Do you want to spend the $200k/year to hire enough armed
guards for 24hour coverage?  Where does one find armed guards in
countries which don't allow arms?  In Singapore do you hire kung fu
masters to protect your $500k machine?  The answer to all of this is
basically "duh, why don't we encrypt the disk?"
Yeah, tell that to the MI5 or whichever British branch it is that has
lost hundreds of laptops.  I used to work at a corporation, and one
night, all the laptops in the executive offices were stolen, and
people still say, "you don't need FS encryption."  I don't understand
it.  It's an easy feature, and there's basically no performance
penalty, so why not have it?  "Encryption everywhere" is a good idea,
and OpenBSD should adopt it.
I can't believe that some people on this list think that storing data
in an encrypted format is pointless.

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:23:38
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
(shamrock
References: <001801c15ce3$70a8d950$ea3a080a
Do you have any references for those?  I'm in the market for a voice
encryptor system.  Are these devices really comparable in terms of
ease of use?
Yeah, I remember they were supposed to be much cheaper.  Perhaps they
will drop the price later.  I'm sure they didn't pick this number
casually.  If this is something that a lawyer would use to communicate
with a client in criminal defense cases, or for government use, for
instances, then $2k/pair might be a very reasonable price.  It does
price it out of the consumer market, but how big is the consumer
market for these things, even if they are $100 each?

@_date: 2001-10-25 01:31:34
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
on Wed, 24 Oct 2001 21:01:15 -0400)
References: <001801c15ce3$70a8d950$ea3a080a
  <20011025002338.680.qmail <3BD7645B.D0EC8DFB
Great, no price and uses the world-famous DACE algorithm from Bell
Labs.  Next!
One unit is a "scrambler" which boasts "52,488 code combinations!"
The other uses "rolling code scrambling", which I assume is not
digital.  Next!
It's another "scrambler" which doesn't list the algorithm and boasts
"thousands of key combinations."  I suspect that it is an analog
scrambler, not a true encryptor.  Next!
Right, the Secure Telephone Units use solid security design and good
algorithms.  They are expensive.  STUs can be used for classified
information and they can be bought TEMPEST-spec.  I assume that either
these things are restricted to government contractors only, or if they
are available to anyone with a credit card, they come with a backdoor.
So, I checked all the URLs you gave me, and none of them, except the
STU, use real encryption, and the STUs are either not available, or
they are backdoored.
Starium is competing with STUs.  Not only does Starium have a catchier
name, but they are a fifth of the price of a STU, they are cooler
looking, and one could argue that they are less likely to have a
Right, so Starium is price-competitive, easier to use, and possibly
more secure.  Oh, and they will sell to anyone who has money, unlike
the STU sellers, I assume.
I think their initial market are customers such as law enforcement,
criminal defense lawyers, and executives who might compare this with a
STU, and for whom $1000 vs $100 is no big deal.  Government and law
enforcement will think it's cheap compared to STUs.  It's not approved
for classified data (AFAIK) but that might not be a problem for law
enforcement work.

@_date: 2001-10-25 02:14:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
on Wed, 24 Oct 2001 22:06:11 -0400)
References: <001801c15ce3$70a8d950$ea3a080a
  <20011025002338.680.qmail <3BD7645B.D0EC8DFB
  <20011025013134.17929.qmail
  <3BD77393.F1F031C
Right, exactly.  When Starium was first announced, people were excited
because it sounded like we were going to get industrial-strength stuff
at consumer prices.  That isn't reality, and now they are going to
sell industrial-strength stuff at industrial prices.  There's no way a
complicated all-digital public key crypto device can compete on price
with made-in-China analog scramblers, which are basically toys.  That
is not a smart fight to pick because the consumer who is just playing
around doesn't know the difference under the hood.  I'm glad they did
the smart thing on this.
Sounds reasonable to me.  I hope they do well, but I'm not giving them
money until the devices are actually shipping.  I think they do have a
good chance because law enforcement and private security demand for
these things might be pretty good these days.

@_date: 2001-10-25 05:12:13
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
McCullagh on Wed, 24 Oct 2001 23:51:52 -0400)
References: <20011023030629.5849.qmail
  <20011024235152.A30386
I understand their original reasons for the bump-in-the-wire model,
but I'm glad to hear they are making a cryptophone, because I don't
really want to have some other device there.  I want it integrated.
I'll wait to see what they come out with.  Another thing that would be
even more cool would be a cordless phone.  I will certainly buy these
things when they are shipping them, if they are somewhere in the $1000

@_date: 2001-10-27 03:06:33
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Democratic critters' biochemwomdterror plans 
Bill Stewart on Fri, 26 Oct 2001 19:08:41 -0700)
References: <5.0.2.1.1.20011026190518.0375bc60
Bring back the SLORC!

@_date: 2001-10-27 20:58:04
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Tracking Spores 
from John Young on Sat, 27 Oct 2001 10:06:58 -0700)
References: <200110271412.KAA20803
Don't mess with Texas.  Someday Texas will regain its independence and
form the Nation of Texestan.

@_date: 2001-10-30 23:05:55
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Transperancy Spray? 
References: Freon (chloro difloromethane) is pretty inert stuff, as far as I know.
According to the MSDS (Dupont:
 it is stable but
"Incompatible with alkali or alkaline earth metals--powdered Al, Zn,
Be, etc."  I'm not sure what "incompatible" means here.  Finely
powdered Al can be pretty reactive stuff, with many things besides
It's a pretty good organic solvent I would think, so you could easily
find some dye which would disolve in it.  If it disolves easily in
gasoline (or tricholormethane, even better), it would probably also
disolve easily in freon, so you could test some things.  In fact, a
smudge of light grease in the right shape might be able to indicate
that freon has been used.
Maybe we should just stick with email?  Anyway, how often do you think
this stuff is actually used in real life?  Interesting to talk about,
but hardly relevant to anything, I would think.
Btw, are we sure that this spray is just plain old freon?  I looked
around and I couldn't see any hints about the composition of this

@_date: 2001-09-11 22:34:47
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Nomen Nescio on Tue, 11 Sep 2001 21:00:15 +0200 (CEST))
References: <2a7be51edb2950af5f3d3c9b65723e4c
We already have a national ID card.  It's called a drivers license.
It just happens to be issued by the individual states, not by the
federal government, but it is effectively the same thing.
This has been a tragic event.  I just hope we can have a cool-headed
rational reaction to it.  That's not easy to do though.

@_date: 2001-09-13 23:16:58
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Eric Hughes' email 
Hi, does anyone have a copy of the email Eric Hughes sent out?  I
somehow didn't get it and I can't find it in the archive.

@_date: 2001-09-14 08:06:03
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Sick Wacko in the Whitehouse 
(message from An Metet on Thu, 13 Sep 2001 20:50:20 -0400)
References: <632e7d51b117c47db44351ffac53bfad
Isn't there some rule that says "don't start a land war in Asia"?  It
sounds like that's what's going to happen.  The idea of kicking some
terrorist ass may be gratifying, but the practice of it may be more
than the US can stomach.  Salon has a good article sugesting that the
US should treat this as a criminal manhunt, not as a military matter,
for quite a few sound reasons, which include the idea that a military
action will cost the US allies, but a manhunt may help retain allies.
Oh no, Hitler has come up in this thread!

@_date: 2001-09-15 00:16:59
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: "Bugged" calling cards? 
The way calling cards in the US work is that the user calls an 800
number and then enters a PIN number and the number to be called.  The
way 800 numbers work, the 800 number operator (ie, the company that
pays for it) gets a list of all the numbers that dialed it, because
he's paying.
It seems that it should be possible to create a "bugged" calling
card.  You give this to someone as a "free prize" or whatever and then
you get a list of all the numbers he calls to and from using it.
Does anyone know if something like this exists, which I can buy?  I
want to send someone a "present".

@_date: 2001-09-16 00:38:13
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
References: I agree with this.  The Twin Towers should be built bigger than before
(twice as big if it's feasible).  I know some people would be scared
to have office space in there, but that's fine, because people who are
not scared will take space there, and everyone will know it.  I would
take an office on the 200th floor if I could.

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:14:03
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
May on Sun, 16 Sep 2001 09:21:27 -0700)
References: <200109161623.f8GGNRf08352
"Money taken by force from others" is flowing very freely these days.
I'm sure taxpayer money will be used to rebuild the WTC.  Even worse,
I'm sure billions in taxpayer dollars will be used to bail out the
airlines.  Apparently all airlines were having a bad year even before
Tuesday, and now even the biggest are facing bankruptcy.  The
capitalist response to this would be to allow them to go bankrupt,
because other better-managed leaner meaner airlines would come to take
their place, but the American response will be billions of dollars
(taken by force from others) in subsidies.  My business could use a
subsidy too, Uncle Sam!

@_date: 2001-09-16 22:21:18
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Stink Bombs 
References: <133.1a8711b.28d6722e
Yes, you can build a stink bomb with ingredients found in ordinary
grocery stores!
1. Buy a pound of beans, a pound of onions, and a quarter of a pound
   of garlic.
2. Cook all these ingredients together in a liberal amount of cooking
   oil.  IMPORTANT: ADD THE GARLIC LAST, because cooking tends to
   decrease its efficacy, so you want to minimize the garlic cooking
   time.
2a. Variation: Substitute lard for a south-of-the-border recipe.
2b. Variation: Substitute garbanzo beans for a Middle Eastern flavor.
3. Eat the entire thing!  Yes, it's not easy to get down two pounds of
   fatty garlicy beans and onions, but you can do it if you believe in
   yourself!
4. You now have a stinkbomb in your pants.  Be careful!  Use it only
   for good!  (Please consult a physician before beginning any
   strenuous exercise or diet program, and this is both a strenuous
   exercise and a diet.)
Another helpful recipe from Dr. Evil.  Next week: A selection of
garlic desert toppings.

@_date: 2001-09-17 07:54:42
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: [havenco-discuss] Re: [Announce] HavenCo Sealand Remailer Online 
References: <20010917072324.A13553
I agree.  Until remailers start charging per message, they will never
be "sustainable".  Yes, they may hang around but they'll always be in
a position where a) the operator pays costs of operations and b) the
operator exposes himself to various risks and liabilities and c) the
operator isn't getting compensated for a) and b), which makes the
whole thing inherently unstable or unsustainable.  Charging for
service is the only way to go.
Yes, there are no "sustainable" non-tracable remote payment systems in
existence, and it's almost impossible for such a system to exist.
Why?  There are many reasons.  One of the most obvious ones is that it
would be so disruptive to the activities of so many very powerful
institutions (tax collectors and law enforcement mainly) that they
will shut it down, where ever it may be, as soon as it gets big enough
to be on their radar.  Staying small enough to be under the radar is
also not a sustainable strategy.  The more fundamental reason why an
untracable payment system is unsustainable is that it will be used to
pay for things which society (including all of us on the c'punks list
probably) abhors, such as non-state-sanctioned murder-for-hire, and
eventually the operator will be found and put out of business one way
or another.
Is there no hope for remailer operators?  Probably not.
Note that I'm not trying to claim that remailers are impossible; they
are possible and they have existed for years.  They will just always
be little personal projects, which will come and go.  The first time
an operator faces serious jailtime for running a remailer, probably
most or all of them will shut down.  This time may be coming soon.

@_date: 2001-09-26 07:27:30
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
May on Tue, 25 Sep 2001 22:31:23 -0700)
References: <200109260535.f8Q5ZUf08831
No smallpox vaccine is currently commercially available today.  You
can't buy the stuff.  There are small stockpiles of the vaccine in
case this "extinct" virus comes back someday, but it's hard to imagine
that they could be administered in time to do any good.  If it were
possible to buy the stuff, I would get vaccinated right now, but
someone doesn't want us to be able to get it.  You might say that it's
because of liability laws, but this isn't true, because you can't buy
it in any country, even countries without liability laws or
functioning civil court systems.
The lie they say for denying the vaccine is that because the virus is
extinct, there is no risk of infection, and there is a risk of dying
from the vaccine, so it is too unsafe to use.  This is disgusting
because everyone knows that it is a lie; the virus is nowhere near
extinct, and probably exists in dozens of labs around the world, and
there is a very real danger of becoming infected with smallpox, but
because no one has used it as a bioweapon in this century, the
probability of it cannot be measured, but it is almost certain that
the risk of being infected is currently higher than the risk of dying
from the vaccine.
However, someone who was vaccinated, even decades ago, probably has
some more residual resistance than those who never recieved it.
It is most definitely not extinct.  One of the stupidist most
hypocritical scientific things I have ever seen was some stupid
ceremony where the "last vials of smallpox" held in both the US and
Russia were simultaneously destroyed a few years ago.  Not one single
thoughtful person could possibly believe that that was the last trace
of smallpox, and yet they had a bunch of scientists saying how
wonderful it was.  They knew with absolute certainty that this wasn't
true, because how on earth could you believe that the
CIA/KGB/Mossad/ISI/etc haven't all kept little samples?  Anyway, even
if every lab destroyed its samples, it still doesn't make it extinct.
It is almost certain that some virus would survive in old grave sites,
As I said, there are vaccines in a stockpile, but not remotely enough
for the entire US population, and they are not available anyway.
Someone made the conscious decision that the US population should be
made vulnerable to this virus.
One interesting point is that you could make your own vaccine in
various ways.  One is to infect yourself with cowpox, a related
disease which is not harmful to humans, but which confers immunity.
The other is to prepare the vaccine by taking samples from an infected
person and inactivating them in various ways.  Smallpox was the first
vaccine to be developed, and it was done long before modern biology
existed, so it's the easiest one to make.

@_date: 2001-09-26 20:04:36
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
References: milkmaids tended to have resistance to smallpox, so he took some
cowpox pus from a milkmaid named Sarah Nelmes, and injected it into a
boy, who then became immune to smallpox.  You would have to do some
research into cowpox to see what is the best way to do this, and where
you might find infected cattle.  Modern cattle raising is probably a
lot more disease-free than it used to be, but maybe you could find
samples in less developed countries.  I would imagine you could buy
some cowpox cultures from various bio research supply companies, but
that would probably attract a lot of attention these days.
Even earlier, Chinese doctors found that they could achieve resistance
by snorting dried pus from smallpox victims.  Drying it must have been
enough to inactivate the virus.
There is so much literature (going back hundreds of years) on smallpox
that it should be pretty easy to come up with a safe, reliable
recipe.  The problem now is that you will attract a _lot_ of attention
trying to buy the ingredients, so you may need to be sneaky about it.
Even buying plain old lab glassware requires a permit these days
(thank you War on Drugs!).
It does sound like a good biz opportunity, but you would have to do it
all in a country without liability laws or an FDA.  It might be hard
to find a qualified biologist willing to do the work, and it would be
hard to find a host country for this, because they would be accused of
sponsoring biowarfare research.

@_date: 2001-09-27 06:29:30
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
References: <3BB1484A.3C4E5226 <5.0.2.1.1.20010926135209.031f2cc0 <3BB2A2B9.4C4F9FE3
I was thinking about this some more, and I wonder if cowpox still
exists in the wild.  I know that all livestock in developed countries
receive certain vaccinations, and it would be logical for
cowpox/smallpox to be one of them.  Hmm, this also makes me wonder: if
there is veterinary vaccine for *pox, could it be safe and effective
for humans, or easily adapted for human use?  Trivia buffs: The word
vaccine comes from the Latin word vacca, meaning cow (vache in
Um, I must correct you: Someone has it in stock, and it would be a
criminal offense (in the US) to make it available, I would imagine.
That may or may not be correct.  If you could vaccinate an old-timer
with exactly the same preparation as was used before it would be safe,
but there is a risk that any preparation could be contaminated with
something, so there is always some risk.  It could be very small
though.  The original vaccine was quite safe, and has been studied
exhaustively.  They have been vaccinating for smallpox since the
1800s.  Here is a woodblock print from Japan from circa 1850
advertising the smallpox vaccine:
Sorry to have to shatter your world, Marc, but, in the US, you have
absolutely no right to weigh those risks for yourself.  The government
will make all those types of decisions for you.  What, did you think
you know what's best for yourself?  That's un-American.  I bet you
also think that you are responsible for your own safety in general?
You could definitely make a protein vaccine for smallpox that wouldn't
involve any of the virus itself.  However... that is quite a project.
It would be much easier to use some non-human pox (cowpox, monkeypox,
whatever), or even use inactivated human pox.  Your neighbor gets the
pox, you collect some of the pus, and inactivate it, perhaps just by
drying it out or heating it a little, and you have an instant
vaccine.  The reason why smallpox is the first and only virus ever
erradicated from the wild is because the vaccine is quite easy.
I hope someone takes up this project in some non-US country, but I
doubt anyone will.  I know it would sell well to Americans right now
if someone did.

@_date: 2001-09-27 07:09:38
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
May on Wed, 26 Sep 2001 23:46:21 -0700)
References: <200109270650.f8R6oKf18815
Fragile readers, stop here!  Only those tough enough to cope with grim
biological realities need read on...
That's looney!  That's about as stupid as banning nail clippers in
carry-ons.  Oh wait...
This reminds me of a US elementary school that, in its effort to show
how zero-tolerance it is, banned "injesting any chemical substance".
I would love to have gotten a video tape of the principal drinking a
glass of water, and then get him expelled from school...  I mean,
really, what is a "biological"?  Every day I excrete several pounds of
wonderful biological stuff, including many harmful disease-causing
bacteria.  If I accidentally crap on a dish full of nutrients, have I
created a "biological"?  Do I need a permit to operate a compost heap
or a "bio-toilet"?
I'm about to dump some biologicals into our sewer system.  Oh wait,
this list is monitored by the Feds, I should clarify that statement: I
am about to excrete some human waste into the toilet, which I will
then flush.

@_date: 2002-01-03 01:32:05
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
Ryan Lackey on Sat, 29 Dec 2001 11:56:01 +0000)
References: <20011229115601.GA8712
What about the possibility of doing encrypted telephony stuff in Java?
As many have pointed out, sound programming is highly non-portable
among Unices and Windows.  However, Java has standard ways of doing
that, so maybe it is an option.  I know that Java isn't fast, but
hardware is getting faster every day.  Also, the heavy-lifting stuff
(the compression and encryption) could all be written in C, which
would be completely portable, and linked in using JNI, right?  Java
also has all the powerful network libs already built in.  If there
were an app like SpeakFreely in Java, it would run on a lot of
different systems.

@_date: 2002-01-04 01:42:46
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
Johnson on Thu, 3 Jan 2002 19:16:01 -0600)
References: I think that is an excellent idea.
That would solve not only the greenhouse effect but also the
overpopulation problem.

@_date: 2002-01-08 01:10:03
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
from Tim May on Mon, 7 Jan 2002 16:46:02 -0800)
References: <176FA769-03D1-11D6-9841-0050E439C473
Morally permissable or not, a shotgun and a string are unlikely to be
effective.  The FBI went so far as to get a law passed that says that
they can use classified technical techniques to execute the warrant so
that they don't have to reveal their methods in court.  Could those
methods include something as simple as a backdoor in Windows, or some
kind of hack into Windows?  I don't have any evidence one way or the
other, but it's a reasonable possibility.  These guys are risk averse
and they are on a budget, and sending in a team of armed hackers is
both risky and expensive.
Before you get the shotgun and some string and risk blowing your own
head off, install a real OS.  Do you think the FBI break-in team has
an OpenBSD rootkit?  Not likely!  Then take some simple, non-violent
measures to make your computer a little bit tamper resistant.  It
could be as trivial as a webcam pointing to your computer, storing its
images off-site.  Take a look at
 for a neat program
called motion which runs under Linux and works with plain old cheap
webcams to do exactly this.
My attitude is to think about simple things and think about ways to
de-escalate a conflict as much as possible, so I'm not so enthusiastic
about a shotgun on a string.

@_date: 2002-01-08 03:31:28
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
References: Windows *, Mac * and Linux probably together have 99.9% (guessing) of
the desktop market, so if I were packing a kit, I would carry disks
for each of those.  It's technically not difficult with any of these
OSes, because none of them have any kind of MAC system.
Yeah, that proposal (snipped above) would definitely defeat the plain
old BIOS keyloggers.  How sophisticated is the FBI stuff?  Let's make
some reasoned speculation.
Most of their targets aren't going to be super-sophisticated hackers
who will do those kind of things.  The FBI has a whole bunch of tools
which they use to achieve their goal (get the conviction, etc).
Generally, they don't need any one of those tools to be perfect.  The
plain old keystroke logger would work in most cases, probably.
However, that is not the end of the story...
Ouch!  That might work for occasional short messages, but for daily
Obviously, the earlier ones worked at the BIOS level and could only
catch key activity.  I have definitely seen some products (plural)
available now which monitor GUI events, so it can show all the
activity of the snooped machine in a window.  This is OS specific, but
there are only about five OSes out there, and this technique
definitely works, and it WILL easily defeat all your tricks of using
the clipboard, mouse, etc.  Note that this is not the same as dumping
full-res video at 30 fps, which would be impossible, as you point
out.  Catching gui events is compact enough to be practical.
Bottom line: I don't have any knowledge of what the FBI actually does,
but there are off-the-shelf commercial things out there which defeat
what you described, so it's safe to assume that the FBI has something
like that if they feel they need it.
Bottom line 2: You need to have a tamper resistant system if you are
faced with an attack from the FBI hacker team.  Fortunately, in this
case tamper resistance is pretty easy.  Get yourself a webcam.  I
don't think many Mafiosos are sophisticated enough for this, or they
probably would have found some other line of work.
Have no fear, Tim!  No one ever asks me how the laws should be anyway.

@_date: 2002-01-08 05:44:52
@_author: Dr. Evil 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware 
References: <20020108011003.29368.qmail  <20020107234834.F17761
That does not mean that they were using only a primitive BIOS level
logger.  A GUI-interceptor would generate a huge log of activities;
you would just pipe it through grep TYPE: KEYBOARD-INPUT or something
and it would give you the same thing.  It doesn't really matter,
because GUI-interceptors are off-the-shelf things, so if they felt
they needed it, they would get it.  It's all pretty basic.
Bottom line: If your attacker gets access to your hardware without you
knowing it, and he has resources and a clue, he wins.  The threshold
for "clue" and "resources" in this case is very very low; maybe $100
to install your basic hardware keylogger.
