
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:47:28
@_author: David Stainton 
@_subject: What Exactly Is Encryption? 
References: <095DFB4C-A585-40E6-8031-D31EBF9C95E0
 <8BA8F198-B807-4DB9-9388-DE65CAD3830E
This was a terribly uninformative article filled with various
inacuracies. Thanks for nothing punk.

@_date: 2015-04-22 18:41:07
@_author: David Stainton 
@_subject: Quantum Insert detection for everyone 
Did you all see this Wired article about Quantum Insert detection?
These TCP injection attacks are used by various entities around the
world (not just NSA!) to target individuals for surveillance or
perhaps to add their computers to a botnet for other purposes.
If you do not use a VPN or Tor you can run "Quantum Insert" detection
on your computer and detect when you receive an attack attempt.
However be advised that proper sandboxing is important here because
intrusion detection and protocol anylsis tools are notoriously
insecure and get pwned all the time.
If you are a Tor exit relay operator you have the options of running
detection software; However you should not publish the results
publicly without mixing in some noise or your published data might
make it possible for some adversaries to deanonymize Tor users. If
your country has strict telecommunications laws then it might only be
legal for you to perform this type of detection if you do not perform
For the past several months... in my free time I've been slowly
developing a very comprehensive TCP injection attack detection tool
called HoneyBadger:
Quantum Insert is a NSA codeword for "TCP injection attack", however
either of these terms are too vague. During my research I was able to
classify 4 different types of TCP injection attack. When I say that
HoneytBadger is comprehensive what I mean is that Honeybadger can
detect ALL of these types of TCP injection attack types... I describe
them briefly here:
Here's the Fox-IT blog post about their Quantum Insert detection software:
I am going to work on writing a much more comprehensive blog post; it
will be filled with gory technical details AND it will include
information on how to use HoneyBadger. HoneyBadger has optional (off
by default) full-take logging which could enable you to capture a
zero-day payload from a TCP attack; you should then responsibly
disclose to the software vendor or contact a malware analyst to help
David Stainton

@_date: 2015-12-07 19:17:50
@_author: David Stainton 
@_subject: ANN: TCP injection attack detection tool - honeybadger 
Dear Golang community, Edward Snowden, cypherpunks, Tor-relay operators, low-level network hackers and TCP abolitionists,
I was inspired by the Snowden documents to write a TCP injection attack detection tool. Powerful entities world wide are stock piling zero-days. TCP injection attacks can be used to deliver many of these attacks.
tasty pcap for "integration testing":
HoneyBadger does bidirectional TCP stream reassembly... temporarily storing segments in ring buffer for comparison to later received overlapping stream segments. In other words it doesn't rely on simply matching duplicate sequence numbers but compares the actual overlapping stream segment contents. This more thorough approach is needed to account for TCP's retransmission which can send various segments sizes that can differ from the original dropped segment length. Furthermore we also detect the other injection types such as handshake hijack.
The literature (go ahead and scour the Internet) does NOT mention all of the TCP injection attacks that are possible. I assert that there are 5 possible types of TCP injection attack. I describe them here:
current honeybadger project status:
- honeybadger seems mostly useable for use in the wild, though we are pretty sure that bugs exist and probably some false positive bugs at that.
- active development halted several months ago when the implementation seemed good enough to deploy and sniff packets in the wild.
- if in the future the gopacket dev team releases a new "sufficient" TCP reassembly API then I could severely reduce HoneyBadger's code size.
- pull requests and github issue comments will inspire me to contribute feature additions and fixes
It runs on Linux but does honeybadger work on *BSD?
Of course it does... I wrote the gopacket BSD BPF sniffer API ;-p
and tested honeybadger on NetBSD, FreeBSD and OpenBSD.
I'd like to explore the possibility of writing a similar TCP injection attack detector in rust using libpnet as soon as libpnet is sufficiently mature to use for TCP analysis:
So what?
1. So... all TCP analyzers need to be rewritten to account for TCP injection attacks, otherwise you are doing it wrong.
2. So feel free to use HoneyBadger to analyze your own traffic over the wire or sketchy pcap files that you acquire; perhaps our data collection efforts will result in responsible disclosure of 0-days... and publicly reporting that in fact these TCP injection attacks do happen as targeted attacks against real people to violate their human rights.
3. So use my design in your software; The description of how to detect the 5 possible TCP injection attacks can serve as a part of a design document for other software projects to implement their own TCP injection attack detection.
cheers from the Internet,
David Stainton

@_date: 2015-02-07 19:30:25
@_author: David Stainton 
@_subject: OnionShare - what do you think about this piece of software? 
References:  <20150207105258.GA7097
I use the Tor hidden services features in txtorcon that Meejah and I
worked on...
It's a Tor controller API for Twisted Python applications. In some
cases existing Twisted applications
can use our Twisted Tor hidden service endpoint and parser without
modifying a single line of code.
Here's a powerful one-liner that reuses the Twisted webserver in a new
way to service HTTP requests over a Tor hidden service:
pip install txtorcon && twistd -n web --port "onion:80" --path ~/public_html
you can read more about txtorcon here:
You might also like the "pastebin" feature of carml:
Of course txtorcon is not the only Tor controller API for python.
There is also Stem which I believe has similar features that allow you
to create Tor hidden services for non-Twisted python apps. Read more
about it here:
btw if you read the Tor Weekly News then you would have heard about
these things =-)
If you need verified end-to-end crypto and reliability of data storage
then I'd suggest combining Tahoe-LAFS with Tor hidden services. I
occasionally organize cryptoparty workshops on using Tahoe-LAFS with
Tor hidden services. I can go into great detail about this if anyone
is interested.
