
@_date: 1994-03-13 17:25:35
@_author: The Dark Tangent 
@_subject: DEF CON II Announcement Update #4 
Updated Last : 3.13.1994 (I appologise for spelling errors.. the WP died)
Late Night Hack Announcement XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX     DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX   DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXX  X    X      DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXX  X         DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXX XXXXXXXXX    DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX X     DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXxxxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXX  XX  X   DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX         DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX X XX     DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX  XX X   DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXXXXX X         DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX      DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE
What's this?  This is an updated announcement and invitation to DEF CON II,
a convention for the "underground" elements of the computer culture.  We try
to target the (Fill in your favorite word here): Hackers, Phreaks, Hammies,
Virii Coders, Programmers, Crackers, Cyberpunk Wannabees, Civil Liberties
Groups, CypherPunks, Futurists, Artists, Etc..
WHO:   You know who you are, you shady characters.
WHAT:  A convention for you to meet, party, and listen to some speeches
       that you would normally never hear.
WHEN:  July 22, 23, 24 - 1994 (Speaking on the 23rd and 24th)
WHERE: Las Vegas, Nevada @ The Sahara Hotel
So you heard about DEF CON I, and want to hit part II?  You heard about the
parties, the info discussed, the bizarre atmosphere of Las Vegas and want to
check it out in person?  Load up your laptop muffy, we're heading to Vegas!
Here is what Three out of Three people said about last years convention:
"DEF CON I, last week in Las Vegas, was both the strangest and the best
computer event I have attended in years." -- Robert X. Cringely, Info World
"Toto, I don't think we're at COMDEX anymore." -- CodeRipper, Gray Areas
"Soon we were at the hotel going through the spoils: fax sheets, catalogs,
bits of torn paper, a few McDonald's Dino-Meals and lots of coffee grounds.
The documents disappeared in seconds."  -- Gillian Newson, New Media Magazine
Last year we held DEF CON I, which went over great, and this year we are
planning on being bigger and better.  We have expanded the number of
speakers to included midnight tech talks and additional speaking on Sunday.
We attempt to bring the underground into contact with "legitimate" speakers.
Sure it's great to meet and party with fellow hackers, but besides that we
try to provide information and speakers in a forum that can't be found at
other conferences.
While there is an initial concern that this is just another excuse for the evil hackers to party and wreak havok, it's just not the case.  People come
to DEF CON for information and for making contacts.  We strive to distinguish
this convention from others in that respect.
WHAT'S NEW THIS YEAR:
This year will be much larger and more organized (hopefully) than last year.
We have a much larger meeting area, and have better name recognition.
Because of this we will have more speakers on broader topics.  Expect
speaking to run Saturday and Sunday, ending around 5 p.m.  Some of the new
things expected include:
  provide serial connections because terminals are too hard to ship.  So
  bring a laptop with communications software if you want to connect to the
  network.  Thanks to cyberlink communications for the connection.
  and a few "Forbidden Subjects" cd ROMs to give away, thanks to Dead Addict.
  give away.
  If you have anything you want distributed, feel free to leave it on the
  designated tables.  Yes, this year there will be a true 24 hour
  convention space.
  VHS Format.  Mail me with suggested titles to show, or bring your own.
  We'll use a wall projector when not in use by speakers.
  technical topics and leave the days free for more general discussions.
WHO IS SPEAKING:=============================================================
This list represents almost all of the speakers verified to date.  Some
people do not want to be announced until the event for various reasons, or
are waiting for approval from employers.  A speaking schedule will go out
in the next announcement.
Phillip Zimmerman, Notorious Cryptographer & author of PGP.
Dr. Ludwig, Author of "The Little Black Book of Computer Viruses," and
    "Computer Viruses, Artificial Life and Evolution"
Loyd Blankenship (The Mentor), Net Running in the 90's and RPG.
Padgett Peterson, Computer Enthusiest, Anti-Virus Programmer.
The Jackal, A Radio Communications Overview, Digital Radio and the Hack Angle.
Judi Clark, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility.
Gail Thackery, (Of Operation Sun Devil Fame), Topic to be Announced.
To be Announced, The Software Publishers Association, Topic to be Announced.
Toni Aimes, Ex U.S. West Cellular Fraud, Cellular Fraud Topics.
Mark Lotter, Cellular Enthusiest, Hacking Cell Phones.
Lorax, The Lighter Side of VMBs.
Peter Shipley, Unix Stud, Q&A on Unix Security.
George Smith, Crypt Newsletter, Virus Topic to be Announced.
Cathy Compton, Attorney, Q&A Surrounding Seisure Issues, Etc.
John Littman, Reporter and Author, Kevin Poulson, Mitnick, and Agent Steal.
Red Five & Hellbender, Madmen With a Camcorder, Who Knows?
Erik Bloodaxe, Phrack Editor, Wierd Wireless Psycho Shit.. Stay Tuned..
There should be a few round table discussions on Virus, Cellular, Unix and
something else surrounding the industry.
I'll name the rest of the the speakers as they confirm.  I'm still working on
a few (Two?) people and groups, so hopefully things will work out and I can
pass the good news on in the next announcement, or over our List Server.
WHERE THIS THING IS:
It's in Las Vegas, the town that never sleeps.  Really. There are no clocks
anywhere in an attempt to lull you into believing the day never ends.  Talk
about virtual reality, this place fits the bill with no clunky hardware.  If
you have a buzz you may never know the difference.  It will be at the Sahara
Hotel.  Intel is as follows:
        The Sahara Hotel: 1.800.634.6078
        Room Rates: Single/Double $55, Tripple $65, Suite $120
                    (Usually $200) + 8% tax
        Transportation: Shuttles from the airport for cheap.
   NOTE:  Please make it clear you are registering for the DEF CON II
   convention to get the room rates.  Our convention space price is
   based on how many people register.  Register under a false name if
   it makes you feel better, 'cuz the more that register the better for
   my pocket book.  No one under 21 can rent a room by themselves, so
   get your buddy who is 21 to rent for you and crash out.  Try to contact
   people on the Interactive Mailing List (More on that below) and
   hook up with people.  Don't let the hotel people get their hands on
   your baggage, or there is a mandatory $3 group baggage fee.  Vegas
   has killer unions.
OTHER STUFF:
I'll whip up a list of stuff that's cool to check out in town there so if for
some reason you leave the awesome conference you can take in some unreal
sites in the city of true capitalism.  If anyone lives in Las Vegas, I
would appreciate it if you could send a list of some cool places to check out
or where to go to see the best shows and I'll post it in the next
announcement or in the program
-> I am asking for people to submit to me any artwork, pictures, drawings,
   logos, etc. that they want me to try and include in this years program.
   I am tring to not violate any copywrite laws, but wat cool shit.  Send
   me your art or whatever and I'll try and use it in the program, giving you
   credit for the work, of course.  Please send it in .TIF format if it has
   more than eight bit color.  The program will be eight bit black and white,
-> in case you want to make adjustments on your side.
PLEASE DONATE "STUFF" FOR THE GIVEAWAY:
    We are tring to raffle off interesting and old functional items.  If
you have anything such as old computers, modems, wierd radio stuff, books,
magazines, etc that you want to get rid of, please call or mail me with
what it is, or bring it along.  I don't want to waste peoples time giving
away rubber bands or anything, but pretty much anything else will go.
*** NEW MAILING LIST SERVER ***
We've finally gotten Major Dommo List Serv software working (Kinda) and it
is now ready for testing.  MTV spent alot of time hacking this thing to work
with BSDi, and I would like to thank him.  The purpose of the list is to
allow people interested in DEF CON II to chat with one another.  It would
be very sueful for people over 21 who want to rent hotel space, but split
costs with others.  Just mention you have room for 'x' number of people, and
I'm sure you'll get a response from somone wanting to split costs.  Someone
also suggested that people could organize a massive car caravan from Southern
Ca. to the Con.  My attitude is that the list is what you make of it.  Here
are the specifics:
Umm.. I TAKE THAT BACK!!  The mailing list is _NOT_ ready yet.  Due to
technical problems, etc.  I'll do another mass mailing to everyone letting
them know that the list is up and how to access it.  Sorry for the delay!
Some of the places you can look for information from last year include:
New Media Magazine, September 1993
InfoWorld, 7-12-1993 and also 7-19-1993 by Robert X. Cringely
Gray Areas Magazine, Vol 2,  (Fall 1993)
Unix World, ???,
Phrack  Cost is whatever you pay for a hotel room split however many ways, plus
$15 if you preregister, or $30 at the door.  This gets you a nifty 24 bit
color name tag (We're gonna make it niftier this year) and your foot in the
door.  There are fast food places all over, and there is alcohol all over
the place but the trick is to get it during a happy hour for maximum
I wanted to thank whoever sent in the anonymous fax to Wired that
was printed in issue 1.5  Cool deal!
FOR MORE INFORMATION:
For InterNet users, there is a DEF CON anonymous ftp site at cyberspace.com
in /pub/defcon.  There are digitized pictures, digitized speeches and text
files with the latest up to date info available.
For email users, you can email dtangent at defcon.org for more information.
For non-net people call:
                  ----  A  L  L  I  A  N  C  E  ----
                           SysOp  Metalhead
               One Thousand One Hundred Megabytes Online
              612.251.8596  USRobotics 16.8 Dual Standard
                  Synchronet Multinode BBS Software
      International Informational Retrieval Guild (IIRG) Distro Site
               Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) MEMBER
            American Bulletin Board Association (ABBA) MEMBER
