
@_date: 1994-05-19 00:25:50
@_author: The Dark Tangent 
@_subject: DEF CON II Convention Update #7 
Updated Last : 5.13.1994  Only two months to go!
--> Updated sections will have a "*" next to them for easier location.
--> New Speaking Schedule
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX     DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX   DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXX  X    X      DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXX  X         DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXX XXXXXXXXX    DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX X     DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXxxxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXX  XX  X   DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX         DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX X XX     DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX  XX X   DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXXXXX X         DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX      DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX DEF CON II Convention Update Announcement
READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBU
What's this?  This is an updated announcement and invitation to DEF CON II,
a convention for the "underground" elements of the computer culture.  We try
to target the (Fill in your favorite word here): Hackers, Phreaks, Hammies,
Virii Coders, Programmers, Crackers, Cyberpunk Wannabees, Civil Liberties
Groups, CypherPunks, Futurists, Artists, Etc..
WHO:   You know who you are, you shady characters.
WHAT:  A convention for you to meet, party, and listen to some speeches
       that you would normally never hear.
WHEN:  July 22, 23, 24 - 1994 (Speaking on the 23rd and 24th)
WHERE: Las Vegas, Nevada @ The Sahara Hotel
So you heard about DEF CON I, and want to hit part II?  You heard about the
parties, the info discussed, the bizarre atmosphere of Las Vegas and want to
check it out in person?  Load up your laptop muffy, we're heading to Vegas!
Here is what Three out of Three people said about last years convention:
"DEF CON I, last week in Las Vegas, was both the strangest and the best
computer event I have attended in years." -- Robert X. Cringely, Info World
"Toto, I don't think we're at COMDEX anymore." -- CodeRipper, Gray Areas
"Soon we were at the hotel going through the spoils: fax sheets, catalogs,
bits of torn paper, a few McDonald's Dino-Meals and lots of coffee grounds.
The documents disappeared in seconds."  -- Gillian Newson, New Media Magazine
                                DESCRIPTION
Last year we held DEF CON I, which went over great, and this year we are
planning on being bigger and better.  We have expanded the number of
speakers to included midnight tech talks and additional speaking on Sunday.
We attempt to bring the underground into contact with "legitimate" speakers.
Sure it's great to meet and party with fellow hackers, but besides that we
try to provide information and speakers in a forum that can't be found at
other conferences.
While there is an initial concern that this is just another excuse for the evil hackers to party and wreak havoc, it's just not the case.  People come
to DEF CON for information and for making contacts.  We strive to distinguish
this convention from others in that respect.
                            WHAT'S NEW THIS YEAR
This year will be much larger and more organized (hopefully) than last year.
We have a much larger meeting area, and have better name recognition.
Because of this we will have more speakers on broader topics.  Expect
speaking to run Saturday and Sunday, ending around 5 p.m.  Some of the new
things expected include:
  provide serial connections because terminals are too hard to ship.  So
  bring a laptop with communications software if you want to connect to the
  network.  Thanks to cyberlink communications for the connection.
  The connection will be at least a 28.8kbps slip, and we are working with
  the hotel to try and set up a 56k line for the weekend.
  and a few "Forbidden Subjects" CD ROMs to give away, thanks to Dead Addict.
* People have decided to bring all types of cool old and new stuff to give
  away from ancient 300 acoustic modems to an oki 900 cell phone.  Crazy!
  Premier Showing of her Documentary of the computer underground, as
  shot in the United States and Europe.  Should be a great show.. who knows,
  you might see someone you know.  Editing is being done on the project now.
  give away.  Plus this year we can expect a newer and greater variety
  of Federal agents in attendance.  Should be acronym alphabet soup!
  If you have anything you want distributed, feel free to leave it on the
  designated tables.  Yes, this year there will be a true 24 hour
  convention space.
* Talk about more room! The Sahara moved us into "Room  (See uuencoded
  .gif floorplan in the follow up file) which has an unbelievable amount
  of space.. we're talking 750 people to 900 people.  Should be plenty of
  space.  We might try and partition a section off and show the movies there
  instead of having people run up to a movie suite elsewhere.
  VHS Format.  Mail me with suggested titles to show, or bring your own.
  We'll use a wall projector when not in use by speakers.
  technical topics and leave the days free for more general discussions.
* Friday night will be conspiracy night, along with a video conference
  dealing with unix and Internet security and an assembly programming
  workshop on twenty ways to trash a PC.
* Saturday night will be a radio and cellular workshop night.
WHO IS SPEAKING:=============================================================
This list represents almost all of the speakers verified to date.  Some
people do not want to be announced until the event for various reasons, or
are waiting for approval from employers.  A speaking schedule will go out
in the next announcement.
Speaker, Who they are, Topic to be covered
Philip Zimmerman, Notorious Cryptographer & Author of PGP.  Keynote Address.
Dr. Ludwig, Author of "The Little Black Book of Computer Viruses," and
                      "Computer Viruses, Artificial Life and Evolution"
Loyd Blankenship (The Mentor), Net Running in the 90's and RPG.
Padgett Peterson, Anti-Virus Programmer, "What it's like to clean up other
                  peoples messes"
The Jackal, A Radio Communications Overview, Digital Radio and the Hack Angle.
Judi Clark, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility.
Gail Thackery, (Of Operation Sun Devil Fame), Topic to be Announced.
To be Announced, The Software Publishers Association, Topic to be Announced.
Toni Ames, Ex US West Cellular Fraud, Cellular Fraud Topics.
Mark, Cellular Enthusiast, Hacking Cell Phones.
Lorax, The Lighter Side of VMBs.
(Peter Shipley, UNIX Stud, Q&A on UNIX Security)
George Smith, Crypt Newsletter, Virus Topic to be Announced.
Cathy Compton, Attorney, Q&A Surrounding Seizure Issues, Etc.
John Littman, Reporter and Author, Conspiracy 'stuff'
Red Five & Hellbender, Madmen With a Camcorder, Who Knows?
Erik Bloodaxe, Phrack Editor, Weird Wireless Psycho Shit.. Stay Tuned..
Curtis Karnow, Attorney, Legal issues surrounding encryption systems.
* Mystery, UNIX god, UNIX Security stuff. (Video conference)
* Mystery, Mystery, Cool toys.
Torquie, Independent film producer from London, The European scene.
WHERE THIS THING IS:
It's in Las Vegas, the town that never sleeps.  Really. There are no clocks
anywhere in an attempt to lull you into believing the day never ends.  Talk
about virtual reality, this place fits the bill with no clunky hardware.  If
you have a buzz you may never know the difference.  It will be at the Sahara
Hotel.  Intel is as follows:
        We will be in "Room  in the upper level meeting space off
        of the Reception Mezzanine.
        The Sahara Hotel: 1.800.634.6078
        Room Rates: Single/Double $55, Triple $65, Suite $120
                    (Usually $200) + 8% tax
        Additional rollaway beds (2 Max.) for $10 each.
        Transportation: Shuttles from the airport for cheap.
   NOTE:  Please make it clear you are registering for the "DEFCON"
   convention to get the room rates.  Our convention space price is
   based on how many people register.  Register under a false name if
   it makes you feel better, 'cuz the more that register the better for
   my pocket book.  No one under 21 can rent a room by themselves, so
   get your buddy who is 21 to rent for you and crash out.  Try to contact
   people on the Interactive Mailing List (More on that below) and
   hook up with people.  Don't let the hotel people get their hands on
   your baggage, or there is a mandatory $3 group baggage fee.  Vegas
   has killer unions.
* -> I have noticed that sometimes the hotel gets confused with people
   registering rooms, make sure they find the conference because we do exist
   there.
            FINAL DATE FOR REGISTERING FOR A ROOM IS JUNE 22
    They have told me that normal hotel rooms are totally book for this
    time period (I guess it is the height of tourist season?) so if you
    plan on finding a room try to do it before the deadline.
                                OTHER STUFF
I'll whip up a list of stuff that's cool to check out in town there so if for
some reason you leave the awesome conference you can take in some unreal
sites in the city of true capitalism.  If anyone lives in Las Vegas, I
would appreciate it if you could send a list of some cool places to check out
or where to go to see the best shows and I'll post it in the next
announcement or in the program
-> I am asking for people to submit to me any artwork, pictures, drawings,
   logos, etc. that they want me to try and include in this years program.
   I am trying to not violate any copyright laws, but want cool shit.  Send
   me your art or whatever and I'll try and use it in the program, giving you
   credit for the work, of course.  Please send it in .TIFF format if it has
   more than eight bit color.  The program will be eight bit black and white,
-> in case you want to make adjustments on your side.
* Work has started on the program, try to get your stuff to me in the next
  month!
PLEASE DONATE "STUFF" FOR THE GIVEAWAY:
    We are trying to raffle off interesting and old functional items.  If
you have anything such as old computers, modems, weird radio stuff, books,
magazines, etc. that you want to get rid of, please call or mail me with
what it is, or bring it along.  I don't want to waste peoples time giving
away rubber bands or anything, but pretty much anything else will go.
** Mailing List Server is dead, kaput, exit -1.  I'm working on getting
** a commercial place to handle it for me so I can get it done quick.
Some of the places you can look for information from last year include:
New Media Magazine, September 1993
InfoWorld, 7-12-1993 and also 7-19-1993 by Robert X. Cringely
Gray Areas Magazine, Vol. 2,  (Fall 1993)
UNIX World, ???,
Phrack  Cost is whatever you pay for a hotel room split however many ways, plus
$15 if you preregister, or $30 at the door.  This gets you a nifty 24 bit
color name tag (We're gonna make it niftier this year) and your foot in the
door.  There are fast food places all over, and there is alcohol all over
the place but the trick is to get it during a happy hour for maximum
cheapness.  The convention program will include some places to check out
as suggested by several people who have spent time in the sin city.
         Current Speaking Schedule (This will change with time)
   Times are in 24 hour format.  Roughly 1/2 hour talks with 15 minutes of
                    Q&A, Maximum of 50 minutes per speaker.
FRIDAY, July 22
Convention room opens 09 on Friday
22-23   El1te video conference, UNIX security
23-24   Twenty Ways to trash a PC, assembly programming
24-01   Conspiracy Fest, the Inslaw affair (read up on it in the EFF
01-02   archives so you know what they are talking about.)
SATURDAY, July 23
10-11   Welcome to the Convention!! Keynote Speaker Phil Zimmerman
11-12   Gail Thackery and Toni Ames
12-13   Kurt Karnow, The legal implications of encryption
13-14   Cathy Compton,
13-14   Judy Clark, CPSR,
        [These five speakers will be spread out over four hours (I hope)]
14-15   BREAK
15-16   BREAK
16-17   Theora, Privacy & Annonminity on the Internet, Round table discussion
17-18   Cool toy demo
18-19   The Jackal, Radio communications overview
19-20   Torquie, The European hacking community and 'scene'
20-21   BREAK
21-22   BREAK
22-23   BREAK
23-24   Erik Bloodaxe, Weird Wireless Psycho shit.  CDPD, POGSAG, Etc.
24-01   Mark & friends, Cellular workshop (Oki 900 and 1150)
01-02   ""
02-03   ""
SUNDAY, July 24
10-11   George Smith, Virus Topic TBA
11-12   Padgett Peterson, Anti Virus, Cleaning up after other peoples messes
12-13   Dr. Ludwig, Virus Creation Awards and what to do when the feds come
13-14   BREAK
14-15   ???, S.P.A.
15-16   Loyd Blankenship, Netrunning in the '90s and RPGs
16-17   Lorax, The lighter side of the "underworld"
17-18   Red Five and HellBender
MONDAY, July 25
Convention room closes 8 am Monday
                        FOR MORE INFORMATION
For Internet users, there is a DEF CON anonymous ftp site at cyberspace.com
in /pub/defcon.  There are digitized pictures, digitized speeches and text
files with the latest up to date info available.
The FTP site was nuked, and some files recovered.  The missing files
(Dan Farmers speech, some of the image files) are being uploaded
For email users, you can email dtangent at defcon.org for more information.
For non-net people call:
                  ----  A  L  L  I  A  N  C  E  ----
                           SysOp  Metalhead
              612.251.8596  USRobotics 16.8 Dual Standard
                   Synchronet Multinode BBS Software
      International Informational Retrieval Guild (IIRG) Distro Site
              Electronic Frontier Foundation  (EFF) MEMBER
            American Bulletin Board Association (ABBA) MEMBER
