
@_date: 1998-08-26 12:41:15
@_author: Dutra de Lacerda 
@_subject: McCarthy return under new clothes 
In article , LA at capital.demon.co.uk said...
I now have the text of the original posting. Not all of you may have seen it. Although it contains some repition, there is additional remarks which some may find of interest - Ian.
Politech is at [from dave farber's ip list]
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Some days its a bad hair day, other days you see the suite of Western
values since the Enlightenment quashed in an instant by a single, soulless, civil servant. Here's what happened to me last Friday when I arrived in London from Paris on the channel tunnel train:
As I walked through UK immigration, two guys pulled me aside, flashed
badges, and said: "UK Customs. Come with us." They walked me behind a wall where they handed me off to one of a fleet of waiting agents.
A customs officer told me to lay my computer bag on the table, and
inspected my ticket and passport. After learning I was a reporter, she demanded to see my press card (issued by the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs), and asked about where I was going in London, why, and for how long.
"Do you know there are things that are illegal to bring into the UK?" she asked.
"Uh, yeah.... There are *many* things that are illegal to bring across borders -- do you have in mind any thing in particular?," I "Illegal drugs, fire arms, bomb making materials, lewd and obscene
pornographic material...."
I felt a rush of relief. I was late and now was assured I could get on with my journey. "I am carrying none of that," I replied, staring directly at her, with a tone of earnest seriousness.
"Is that a computer in your bag?"
"Does it have Internet on in?"
Here, I confess, I really didn't know how to answer. What does one say to a question like that?? I was struck dumb. "I use the computer to access the Internet, yes," I said, rather proud of myself for my "Is there any pornography on it?" she said, stoically.
Here, I figured out what's going on. But I'm mentally paralyzed from all the synapses sparkling all at once in my head: Does she not understand that Internet content is distributed around the world? That I'm just dialing a local number, be it in France or the UK, and that whether I cross a border is moot to what I'm able to access?
"There is no pornography stored on the hard drive," I stated.
"Do you mind if I check." she says rather than asks, and begins to take the computer out of the bag. "I'm just going to hook it up over there and scan the hard drive..." she continues.
And then her face turns dour. "Oh! It's an Apple," she says, dejectedly. "Our scanner doesn't work on Apples."
At this point, it's all a little bit too much, too fast, for me to computer-enema to an immediate about-face and witnessing my oppressors flounder in the pap of their own incompetence was just too much to bear.
Then, of course, I sort of relished the irony of it all. I swung into
"Oh. Oh well," I said and began packing up. "Why not?"
"I dunno -- it just doesn't," she said.
"Is this a common thing that you do? Scan PCs?"
"It happens quite often," she said. (Note: I wrote this entire dialogue immediately after the incident, but that particular quote I wrote the moment we parted, to have it exactly right.)
"Do you catch a lot?"
"Sometimes," she says, cautiously.
What's the fine? The penalty?" I asked.
She started to become uncomfortable and tried to move me along. "It
depends. Every case is different. It depends what they have."
"What about if I had encryption -- do you check for that too?" I said, disdaining the risk that she might want to check the computer "by hand" since I'd mentioned the dreaded C-word....
"Huh?! I don't know about that...."
"You don't know what cryptography is?" I asked.
"No. Thank you, you can go now," she said.
And thus ended my experience with inspector "K. PARE_," whose name tag was partially torn at the final one or two letters of her last Of course I was burning up. Lots of thoughts raced through me.
For example, would I have really let her inspect my hard drive, even
knowing I was "innocent." That, of course, was entirely irrelevant to me -- it's about a principle. I thought of my editor -- or ex-editor

@_date: 1998-08-27 12:05:21
@_author: Dutra de Lacerda 
@_subject: McCarthy return under new clothes 
I feel the puzzling question will be: Besides: This question reflects the absurdity of the actual search No one knows were social insanity, as this, will lead us.
It's starting to have some similarities with the 'Witches Hunt'
in the Middle Ages though. The volume of people using technology
without its understanding of it implications is greater then ever.
Specially in the political population. I subscribe the analysis that human kind is NOT rational but 'guts' orientated. What the result will be in the long term is uncertain.
I guess all attempts to drive this kind of new beast will fail in
the long run. People needed 2000 years to build a civilization.
The last 50 years are destroying all the cultural links to this
past. What will happen may, most probably, be the disruption of
society as we know it... And all started with the economics becoming the  motor of societies instead of subordinated to
'quality of life'. Again the Brain/Disk paradox. Perhaps a brain has no political useful
information... That would be a change in past events i don't believe.
There's a significant pattern in this strange behavior:
These are dangerous generators of errors in ones comprehension.
So its easy to predict a lot of confusion in the future. Specially to future generations that did not lived past values. Time will tell.
P.S. - I do not subscribe the notion that 'ideas' drive the world.
       This moves the center of the problem to 'culture', as ones
 	time with a greatly modified strategy:  He would be kissing  - - - Antonio Manuel Melo de Carvalho Dutra de Lacerda
Morada		: Rua Rodrigues Cabrilho, 5 - 5 Esq.
Telefone	: +351-(1)-3013579
FAX & BBS	: +351-(1)-3021098

@_date: 1998-12-15 01:41:22
@_author: Dutra de Lacerda 
@_subject: Mathematician-to-silicon compilers and the Law 
How about the best cipher of all?!? The one we carry between our ears?
(Just proving the illegitimacy of such law attempts)
Will they understand the question:
And if they consider crypto as a weapon what about cars and radios...
...and phones... and pens... etc.
All these items have the SAME importance as crypto... with an increasing
treat cars can be when changed in REAL weapons.
D.L.  - - - Antonio Manuel Melo de Carvalho Dutra de Lacerda
Morada		: Rua Rodrigues Cabrilho, 5 - 5 Esq.
Telefone	: +351-(1)-3013579
FAX & BBS	: +351-(1)-3021098

@_date: 1998-07-25 11:53:23
@_author: Dutra de Lacerda 
@_subject: Larry King 
Wrong assumption. Frogs are no aliens.
Ergo IT (Larry) is no frog.
 - - - Antonio Manuel Melo de Carvalho Dutra de Lacerda
Morada		: Rua Rodrigues Cabrilho, 5 - 5 Esq.
Telefone	: +351-(1)-3013579
FAX & BBS	: +351-(1)-3021098
