
@_date: 1995-12-04 16:34:46
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Stylometry 
I recently came across an interesting book.  Detailed information follows.
It would seem (to me) to have interesting implications for anonymous
Does anyone on the list have any knowledge of this subject?  I've seen
it hinted at, but never systematically explored.
In particular, does anyone know how it has advanced since the book was
written (1978)?  Additional references?
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1995-11-14 09:32:48
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Admissions Test [NOISE] 
[ Snip ]
e)  Your favorite mail order catalog.  See Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1995-10-13 15:48:59
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: applications 
Has someone set up a mail-to-news gateway between cypherpunks and alt.2600
that we're unaware of?
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1995-10-19 12:40:07
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: airport security 
[ Snip ]
I'm here.  And I apologize for failing to write the promised report.
In any case, better late than never...
I flew out of the San Jose "International" Airport (SJC) over the July 4th
weekend to visit a friend of mine.  Many of you may remember this weekend
corresponding with the California-wide Unabomber scare.
I flew on Delta airlines.  My intention was to create as much trouble as
possible with the I.D. bit, though to ultimately capitulate (if necessary)
as I _did_ want to get where I was going.
Private email from Futplex, quoted with permission:
I removed all picture identification from my wallet (my CA driver's license)
and packed away my U.S. passport (though I was not leaving the U.S.) deep
inside my luggage (just in case.)
I actually took a Taxi to the airport and was not planning on driving
at any time over the course of my trip.  I could actually truthfully
make these claims, which was useful as I'm not a very good liar.
Unfortunately, I arrived at the airport much later than I had intended.
I checked my bags at curbside, where I was asked for identification.  Not
wanting to miss my flight, I merely looked and acted miffed and dug my
passport out of my baggage.  I then put my passport back into my baggage,
which was then checked.
I hurried to the gate, where I discovered that the flight was delayed by
a good hour.  Damn.  If I had known that, I wouldn't have checked my bags
at the curb.  Oh well.
However, I hadn't been given a boarding pass and still needed to check in
at the gate for that.  Delta wanted I.D. again.  At this point, I was
actually not carrying any picture identification.
The plastic, smiling Delta employee behind the counter at the gate was
not happy, mostly because she looked to be having an otherwise rough day
and obviously didn't want to deal with anything out of the ordinary.
I told her that I had only a U.S. passport, and that it was in my already
checked baggage.  I was hoping the problem would be escalated to management,
where I could start asking about their legal authority for denying me
boarding privileges, but she (probably without authority) essentially said
"to hell with it" and gave me my boarding pass, adding a comment that
the rank-and-file Delta employees thought that the ID requirement was a
bad idea anyway.
There was no verification that I was telling the truth about having checked
my baggage (though I was) so that I could have actually gotten on the plane
without showing my identification.
I've flown twice since then (on SouthWest), without being asked for any
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1995-10-20 14:54:58
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: textbooks 
I also suggest "A Course in Number Theory and Cryptography, 2nd Edition"
by Neal Koblitz, published by Springer Verlag.
"Applied Cryptography" is certainly the book of choice, but Koblitz
is an excellent secondary reference for covering a lot of the relevant
mathematics in more depth.
In my opinion, "Applied Cryptography" was written from the perspective
of computer science, "The Codebreakers" was written from the perspective
of history, and Koblitz's book was written from the perspective of
They are all nicely complementary.
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1995-10-20 20:13:18
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Challenge:  Hack Elementrix! 
I think that with all the recent attention to Netscape and Microsoft that
another target has been altogether overlooked:  Elementrix POTP .
Elementrix is on the Web.  Reposted from sci.crypt:
While Elementrix has failed to provide any detailed technical information
(specifications, source code, etc.) this is not entirely out of reach.
You can obtain an evaluation copy of their "secure" FTP client from
This appears to be a binary for Microsoft Windoze.
The server at ftp.elementrix.co.il is a "secure" server.  Note:
    ftp> open ftp.elementrix.co.il
    Connected to ftp.elementrix.co.il.
    220 sunex FTP server [Elementrix POTP(1.51) Secure FTP(1.5-3)] ready.
    Name (ftp.elementrix.co.il:dwa): anonymous
    331 Guest login ok, send your complete e-mail address as password.
    Password:
    230 Guest login ok, access restrictions apply.
    ftp> close
    221 Goodbye.
    ftp>
So there you go.
Sure, commented source code with accompanying specifications for an
implementation are nice, but did Ian and David have such luxuries for
their Netscape hack?
I will confess that I have not actually tried running their software,
let alone reverse-engineering it, as I am Windoze-challenged (running
on SunOS 4.1.x as we speak).  However, I'm sure there are probably many
people on this list with suitable Windoze platforms complete with the
necessary reverse engineering tools.
In many ways, Elementrix is a more enjoyable target.  Their claims of
security reek of more marketing hype than even Microsoft would stoop to,
and their use of the term "One Time Pad" is disgusting.  At least Netscape
is trying to use respectable crypto algorithms and is being open about
their code.  These people deserve to flamed far more than Netscape (and
even Microsoft) ever did.
Perhaps someone could even convince Sameer to do T-shirts.  I'll even
agree to cover the cost of one for the first exploit.  How about it,
Sameer? :)
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-04-24 11:34:28
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: CO$ 
This isn't really cypherpunks material, but since we *have* had so many
threads on the Co$ (for better or for worse), here are some recommended
sources of information:
(1)  Ron Newman's Web Page.       (2)  Marina Chong's a.r.s. Web Page summary.       (3)  The Usenet group alt.religion.scientology.  (High volume).
I'd recommend visiting (1) first, as it provides excellent background
information.  (2) provides a good master index to Scientology information
(both pro and con) on the net, and provides a good starting point for
exhaustive surfing.  (3) is the standard discussion group.
Hope this helps!
And now back to our regularly scheduled crypto discussion...
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-01-20 10:14:22
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: What's a good math text? 
An excellent introductory cryptography textbook that's oriented toward
number theory is:
     A Course in Number Theory and Cryptography, 2nd ed.
     by Neal Koblitz
     Springer Verlag
If you want a "classic" number theory text, I recommend:
     An Introduction to the Theory of Numbers, 5th ed.
     by G.H. Hardy and E.M. Wright
     Clarendon Press, Oxford University Press
If you'd like a good introduction to factoring, try:
     Factorisation and Primality Testing
     by David Bressoud
     Springer Verlag
Of course, it goes without saying that anyone studying cryptography ought
to have a copy of:
     Applied Cryptography, 2nd ed.
     by Bruce Schneier
     John Wiley
Hope that helps.
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-07-13 10:52:49
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Wiretaps 
Wiretaps Up Sharply in Clinton Administration
WASHINGTON (Reuter) - The Clinton administration has sharply increased use
of federal telephone wiretaps and other electronic surveillance in the
United States since taking office, The Washington Post reported Sunday. Civil rights and privacy advocates were upset with the trend but unable to
do much about it ...
Frederick Ness, who runs the Justice Department office that approves
applications for court-ordered wiretaps, told the Post: ``We are up 30 to
40 percent this year.'' In 1992, the last year of the Bush administration, there were 340 federal
court orders permitting electronic surveillance in criminal cases, the
newspaper said. Quoting unidentified officials, the report said that
number had risen to 672 last year and almost certainly would exceed 700 in
1996. The figures did not include ``national security'' wiretap orders, obtained
under intelligence legislation, which also had been rising dramatically,
the Post said. Preparing for expected continued growth in surveillance of domestic
criminals, the Justice Department was buying additional high-tech
equipment, developing new eavesdropping techniques and adding support
personnel, the report said.

@_date: 1996-07-13 16:41:54
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
800 (And 888/900 etc.) numbers use a different mechanism (ANI) than caller
ID to provide your telephone number to the person you are calling.  This
has been around far longer than caller ID, and really doesn't have all that
much to do with the caller ID service, which is entirely different.
So in essence, nothing's really changed with regard to 800 numbers, except
that people are now becoming _aware_ that the called party has access to
their telephone number.
If you want additional information, I'd recommend starting with the FAQ
for the alt.2600 newsgroup.
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-07-29 15:53:22
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: RPK Cryptography 
Has anyone on the list heard of this?  Any opinions regarding its security?
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-03-29 07:55:18
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: HP & Export of DCE 
Where can one find detailed information regarding the (in)security of
Sun's "Secure" RPC?
Specifically, pointers to actual papers by those who have compromised
it (both in theory and practice as relevant) would be appreciated.
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-11-19 09:32:57
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Taking out the garbage 
I'd like to point out that accepting posts from those who are not
technically subscribed to the list is not always a bad idea.  In particular,
many of us read the list through means other than a direct subscription,
be it either a mail-to-news gateway, web server, filtered list, or other
such mechanism.
As a case in point, while I do read the list, my actual email address is not
subscribed to it. :)
While I usually don't contribute to the discussion, I hope that the few
posts I have made from time to time don't fall into the pollution category.
Furthermore, it's often the case that noted cryptographers who are not
subscribed to the list occasionally post valuable contributions to it (e.g.
Matt Blaze).
Non-subscription and pollution are not necessarily related.
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-11-25 12:27:20
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
Our friend Don Woods seems to have inadvertently sparked what could be a useful and serious discussion regarding "provably secure cryptography."
Not to be confused with the usual "unbreakable" snake oil we see peddled so often, I refer to systems for which rigorous mathematical proof that "there are no shortcuts" exists.  To my knowledge, no such systems, with the exception of a real one-time pad, exist today.  However, I also under the impression that ongoing research on this topic continues.  For example, consider the work being done on "Lattice" cryptosystems (see "diGriz" is right.  Nothing precludes the existence of a cryptographic algorithm for which a rigorous mathematical proof of "security" exists
--- where "security" means a provable lower bound on the time required for recovery of the key.  Indeed, it seems that finding such an algorithm --- or providing the necessary rigorous proof for a current algorithm --- is a laudable goal of academic cryptographic research.
Rigorous proofs of the non-existence of an algorithm are not new.  Neither are rigorous proofs that any algorithm which can solve a given problem requires a minimal running time.  Or, in an even stronger sense, that a particular known algorithm for a given problem is indeed a (provably) optimal algorithm for that problem.
For a (non-cryptographic) example of a proof of the first sort --- that is, that "there exists no algorithm" --- consider the famous "Halting Problem" for Turing machines.  (I believe someone else has also mentioned this.)  There are many proofs such as this one, often related, though the Halting Problem itself is perhaps the most famous example.
For an (again, non-cryptographic) example of a proof of the second sort --- that is, that "any algorithm that solves a given problem requires a minimal running time" --- consider the proof that the "minimal" number of key comparisons in the worst case required to sort a random list of elements for which only an ordering relationship is known is O(nlog(n)).  See Knuth, Volume 3, section 5.3.  For a simpler example, a standard "binary" search which requires O(log(n)) comparisons to find a given element in the worst case is provably the optimal algorithm for this Turning once again to cryptography, there is presumably an "optimal" algorithm for factoring a "general" number in the "worst" case.  Of course, known algorithms for factorization seem to regularly improve and no one has even suggested that any current algorithm is (provably) the "optimal" algorithm.  Worse case bounds on running time for currently known algorithms can certainly be produced, but no one currently knows if these are the best algorithms.
However, just as one can say, "How do you know that tomorrow some brilliant mathematician will not produce a polynomial time factorization algorithm?" one can also say, "How do you know that tomorrow some brilliant mathematician will not provide a rigorous proof that all factorization algorithms --- in the worse case --- require some specified minimal running time?"
While the current state of mathematical knowledge suggests that this is not likely to happen anytime soon for the factorization problem, it is encouraging to see work in areas where more rigorous proofs of security are within closer reach.  Again, I refer to work on Lattice problems.  If the types of rigorous proof regarding "what can't be done" that are known for the Halting Problem, sorting, and searching are available for cryptographic problems, then this is indeed a major (and laudable) advance in cryptography.
Obviously, discussion on this topic is unrelated to such security problems as implementation mistakes, fault analysis, outright theft of keys, etc.  I hope that I've been careful to explain what I mean by "provably secure" and that it's not interpreted to include these types of attacks.
I'm interested in the current state of research (if any) on this topic.  Other than what John Young sent to the list some time ago about Lattice stuff --- which is certainly far from prime time --- I've not seen anything else.  I also haven't devoted a lot of time to looking.
Relevant pieces of the earlier thread are included below.
Comments, anyone?
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-11-26 00:13:11
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: Provably "Secure" Crypto 
This is just simply not true.  In fact, since you seem to have gracefully
failed to quote the section of my prior post which demonstrates otherwise,
let me re-iterate it:
Which part of this have you failed to understand?  Look in section 5.3.1
of Volume 3 of "The Art of Computer Programming" by Knuth.  You will find
there a rigorous proof that the "information theoretic lower bound" of
an algorithm which sorts by comparison of keys is O(nlg(n)).
Alternatively, refer to section 6.2.1 of the same book where it is
demonstrated that a binary search by comparison of keys on a sorted list
where no other information is available is an "optimum" algorithm.
If you wish to discuss this further, then you're going to have to directly
address what's widely known and beautifully articulated in Knuth.
That's easy.  That an "optimum" factorization algorithm exists does not
mean it is _known_.  Similarly, while one might demonstrate a mathematical
lower bound on the worst-case running times of all possible (known and
unknown) factorization algorithms, this does not mean that an actual
algorithm which runs in this time is known, nor does it even mean that
an actual algorithm which runs in this time even exists.
If you want a completely useless (but easy to prove) lower bound on the
number of operations a factorization algorithm must necessarily have,
I submit to you a trivial one:  1.  Proof of this is left to the reader. :)
Proofs of more interesting lower bounds left to experienced mathematicians.
No, there's not.  While no proofs of useful lower bounds on factorization
algorithms are presently known, this does NOT mean that they do not exist.
That such proofs exist for other, simpler algorithms (see above) just
simply refutes this statement.
You're welcome to think it's irrelevant.  I, for one, am glad that people
like Matt Blaze took the trouble to do some work in this area.  I'm also
grateful that this has been pointed out to me in response to my previous
post.  (Thanks to "Mark M." )
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com

@_date: 1996-09-27 09:12:06
@_author: Dana W. Albrecht 
@_subject: ssh - How widely used? 
There is no MS-DOS client.  The authors claim that, "a Macintosh version
is in the works, and first versions are expected to be available in
August/September 1996."  There are Windoze and OS/2 clients.
     6.2 How widespread is use of ssh?
     As with every piece of freely available software, this is difficult
     to find out. The best current estimates are that at least 1000
     insitutions in 40 countries use it. This estimate is based on The
     number of people on the ssh mailing list, around 600, from 40
     different countries and several hundred domains.  Each week, the
     ssh home pages are accessed from roughly 5000 different machines,
     many of them web caches; also, these machines often are different
     from week to week. [ Snip ]
For further information about it, see:
     There is also a mailing list.  Subscription requests should be directed
to majordomo at clinet.fi with "subscribe ssh" in the message body.
I think that it's technically a great program.  However, I have heard
some pretty unpleasant stories about legal issues using it in a
commercial environment.
Dana W. Albrecht
dwa at corsair.com
