
@_date: 1995-12-20 06:16:23
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Which countries don't allow encryption ? 
See my Crypto Law Survey.
NOTE: the URL has changed. Please reset your pointers to:
I shall update it in the first week of January and provide some more pointers to online information.

@_date: 1995-07-26 03:54:38
@_author: E.J.Koops at kub.nl 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey 
In a separate message is my survey of cryptography laws.
I welcome comments and corrections, but mail me before 31 July, as
I'm going on a six weeks' holiday next week.
I shall try and keep an updated version on my homepage, where it will
be available in a few weeks. To make the survey as wide and accurate
as possible, I greatly appreciate receiving additional information.

@_date: 1995-07-26 03:54:47
@_author: E.J.Koops at kub.nl 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey 
CRYPTO LAW SURVEY
    Version July 1995
    Bert-Jaap Koops (koops at kub.nl)
    Please credit if quoting.
    This survey of cryptography laws is based on several reports and on
    replies to a posting on Internet discussion lists. Only for France, The
    Netherlands, and Russia have I consulted original texts of relevant
    regulations; for the other countries, the reports listed below served as the
    only source. These findings, therefore, do not pretend to be exhaustive
    or fully reliable.
    I thank all who have provided me with information for this survey.
    Please send comments, corrections, updates, additional information, and
    questions to E.J.Koops at kub.nl.
    SOURCES
    [1]   KPMG EDP Auditors, Rapport aan de Ministers van     Binnenlandse Zaken, Justitie en Verkeer en Waterstaat inzake
    de uitkomsten van het Bedrijfseffectenonderzoek Cryptografie
     (Amstelveen, 7 april 1994), pp. 27-38, 107-114
    [2]   Moret Ernst & Young EDP Audit Management Services,
    Eindrapport onderzoek ontwerp-regeling encryptie,
    (Amsterdam, 1 maart 1994), pp. 21-30
    [3]   James P. Chandler, Diana C. Arrington, Donna R.
    Berkelhammer, and William L. Gill, Identification and Analysis
    of Foreign Laws and Regulations Pertaining to the Use of     Commercial Encryption Products for Voice and Data     Communications, DOE Project No. 2042-E024-A1, Washington, January 1994
    [4]   Andr� Sylvain, Data Encryption and the Law(s) - Results,     posted on talk.politics.crypto, 15 December 1994
    [5]   various references; personal communications by Adam Back,     Peter Gervai, Ulf Moeller, Marc Plumb, and Thomas Quinot.
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    SURVEY PER COUNTRY
    1. Export/ import regulations
    2. Other laws/regulations pertaining to encryption
    3. Threats/ intentions to regulate encryption
    4. Regulations stimulating encryption use
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    _COCOM_
    1. COCOM (Coordinating Committee for Multilateral Export Controls)
    is an international organization (Japan, Australia, and all NATO
    members, Ireland excluded) for the mutual control (and restriction) of
    strategic arms export. It maintains, among others, the International
    Industrial List and the International Munitions List. In 1991, COCOM
    has decided to allow export of mass-market cryptographic software
    (including public domain software). Some member countries of COCOM
    follow its regulations, but others, such as Germany and the
    United States, maintain separate regulations.
    _Australia_ [1, 3]
    1. Written permission is needed for exporting cryptographic equipment
    designed to ensure the secrecy of communications or stored information.
    2. no
    3. no
    _Austria_ [1]
    2. no
    3. no
    _Belgium_ [1, 3]
    1. no
    2. no
    3. no
    _Brazil_ [3]
    1. no
    _Canada_ [1, 3, 4, 5]
    1. Canada follows COCOM regulations. The exportation of items from
    Canada may be subject to restriction if they are included on the Export
    Control List. All types of cryptography can be transported between
    Canada and the United States, but cryptography imported from the US
    remains under US ITAR rules and cannot be exported if the US does not
    allow export.
    2. no
    3. no (but Canada is monitoring the debate in the US)
    _People's Republic of China_ [3]
    1.China restricts the importation and exportation of voice-encoding
    devices.
    _Denmark_ [1, 4]
    2. no
    3. no
    4. The Danish Teletrust Group has set up an Encryption Group to work
    on the technical and legal concept of public-key certifying authorities. A
    Centre Certifying Auhtority (CCA) would coordinate control and
    certification of key centres to provide secure keys within
    telecommunications. It would be necessary for such a CCA to have a
    legal basis. The Danish government has not (yet) implemented the
    initiative into law.
    _European Union_ [5]
    2. no
    3. There are rumours that the EU is working on the establishment of a
    key escrow system to counter the US Clipper initiative. The EU system
    would allow member states to choose escrow agents where keys have to
    be deposited. The European Community's Green Book on the Security
    of Information Systems (Draft 4.0, 18 October 1993) poses a case for
    the provision of "Public Confidentiality Services" (which offer some sort
    of Government Access to Keys).
    _Finland_ [4, 5]
    2. no
    3. no
    _France_ [1, 3, 4]
    1. a) For exporting authentication- or integrity-only cryptography, a
    declaration dossier of export delivery must be deposited. A copy of the
    receipt of declaration must be presented to customs at each exportation.
    For temporary exportation, a user declaration will serve as export
    declaration in the case of cryptography used exclusively for personal use
    by an individual. A delivery declaration will serve as temporary-export
    declaration for a sample.
    b) For exporting any other kind of cryptography, apart from once
    depositing administrative and technical details needed for user or
    delivery authorisation, a license is needed for each exportation.
    2. Delivery, exportation, and use of cryptography are subjected to:
    a) previous declaration if the cryptography can have no other object than
    authenticating communications or assuring the integrity of transmitted
    messages;
    b) previous authorisation by the Prime Minister in all other cases.
    Simplified procedures exist for certain cryptography products or certain
    user categories.     For both declaration and authorisation, a dossier containing technical
    details and administrative data must be submitted. Authorisation can be
    subjected to certain conditions in order to reserve the use of certain
    types of cryptography to defined user or application categories.
    It is unclear to what extent this regulation is being maintained in practice.
    It seems impossible for individuals or enterprises to obtain authorisation
    for "strong" cryptography, such as RSA. Moreover, the office dealing
    with authorisation renders decisions without motivation.
    _Germany_ [1, 3, 4, 5]
    1. COCOM regulations, but Germany maintains export control of both
    public domain and mass-market encryption software.
    2. no
    3. Some politicians have expressed a desire to regulate cryptography,
    but, on the whole, there seems to be no threat that Germany will prepare
    a law on cryptography.
    _Hungary_ [5]
    2. no
    3. no
    4. There is a law that provides an agency with the competence to assess
    cryptography; the agency can declare that it satisfies a minimum security
    level.
    _Iceland_ [1]
    2. no
    3. no
    _India_ [3]
    1. no
    _Ireland_ [1]
    2. no
    3. no
    _Israel_ [3]
    1. Israel imposes restrictions on encryption, but the scope of its
    restrictions is not clear.
    _Italy_ [1, 3]
    1. COCOM regulations.
    2. There is a law that demands accessibility of encrypted records for the
    treasury.
    3. no
    _Japan_ [1, 3]
    1. COCOM regulations.
    2. no
    3. no
    _Latvia_ [4]
    2. no
    3. no
    _Mexico_ [3]
    1. no
    _The Netherlands_ [3, 4, 5]
    1. Public domain and mass-market software generally does not require a
    validated license. Items capable of file encryption do require a validated
    license.
    2. no
    3. In March 1994, a Dutch predraft law on cryptography leaked out, the
    drift of of which was a prohibition of having, using, or trading strong
    cryptography. Those with a "legitimate concern" could apply for a user
    license or a trade authorization. One condition for granting a license was
    giving information to an administration agency; the text did not state
    whether this information concerned only the algorithm or also all the
    keys used.
    After many protests from those who would be affected by the proposed
    regulation, it was withdrawn. The Dutch authorities are currently
    studying on alternatives to handle the issue.
    Although the draft regulation will not be continued in its present scope,
    it shows how much the judicial authorities fear wide dissemination of
    strong cryptography. It is to be expected that the Dutch government will
    want to regulate encryption in some way.
    _New Zealand_ [1]
    2. no
    3. no
    _Norway_ [1]
    2. no.
    4. A bill on information security has been proposed, which indicates that
    cryptography can be used for the storage of passwords. It is not sure if
    and when this bill will come into force.
    A bill has been proposed on central medical registries that would use
    cryptographically pseudonimized entries.
    _Russia_ [3, 5]
    1. A license is required for the importation of encryption facilities
    manufactured abroad.
    2. On 3 April 1995, president Jeltsin issued a decree prohibiting
    unauthorized encryption. State organizations and enterprises need a
    license to use encryption (for both authentication and secrecy, for
    storage as well as transmission). Other enterprises and organizations
    using uncertified cryptography do not receive state orders. The Central
    Bank shall take measures against commercial banks that do not use
    certified cryptography when communicating with divisions of the Central
    Bank. The development, production, implementation, or operation of     cryptography without a license is prohibited.
    _Saudi Arabia_ [3]
    1. no
    _South Africa_ [1, 3]
    1. no
    2. The South African situation is unclear. There appears to be legislation
    prohibiting the encryption of data on public telephone networks, but
    many companies and banks seem to ignore the legislation and do encrypt
    their data.
    _Spain_ [1]
    2. no
    3. no
    _Sweden_ [3, 4]
    1. no
    2. no
    3. no
    _Switzerland_ [1, 3]
    1. no
    2. no
    3. no
    _Turkey_ [1]
    2. no.
    3. no
    _United Kingdom_ [1, 3, 4, 5]
    1. COCOM regulations.
    2.  no
    3.  In its policy on the information superhighway, Labour states it does
    not approve of escrowed encryption, but it wishes authorities to have the
    power to demand decryption under judicial warrant.  It seems, then, that
    Labour intends to penalize a refusal to comply with a demand to decrypt
    under judicial warrant.
    _United States of America_ [1, 2, 4]
    1. The International Traffic in Arms Regulation restricts export of
    "dual-use" cryptography (that is, cryptography that can serve both
    civilian and military purposes) by placing it on the Munitions List. For
    (relatively strong) products that can encipher information, an export
    license is usually issued only for use by foreign branches of American
    enterprises and for use y financial institutions. "Weak" cryptography
    (e.g., with a certain maximum key-length) can also be exported.
    Export of cryptography that serves only authentication or integrity
    purposes is ruled by the Export Administration Regulations. Some types
    of public domain software have been decontrolled and are now on the
    Commerce Control List.
    Several initiatives, as yet unsuccessful, have been taken, both in
    Congress and by the public, to try to mitigate the cryptography export
    restrictions.
    2. no
    3. In 1993, the Clinton Administration announced the Escrowed
    Encryption Initiative (EEI), usually referred to as the Clipper Initiative,
    after its first implementation in the Clipper chip. A classified, secret-key
    algorithm, SKIPJACK, has been implemented in an Escrowed
    Encryption Standard (EES). The reported basic idea of the EEI is to
    provide citizens with a safe cryptosysem for securing their
    communications without threatening law enforcement.
    The EES procures law enforcement access by means of a Law
    Enforcement Access Field (LEAF) that is transmitted along with each
    encrypted message; the field contains information identifying the chip
    used. Law enforcement agencies wire-tapping communications
    encrypted with EES can decipher tapped messages by obtaining the two
    parts of the chip's master key that are deposited with two escrow
    agencies (National Institute of Standards and Technology
    and the Treasury Department's Automated Systems Division), provided
    they have a court order for the tapping.
    The EES is a voluntary standard to be used in telephone
    communications. Privacy advocates fear that the government may
    declare escrowed encryption obligatory once it has captured a
    sufficient portion of the market. It is doubtful that EES will be widely
    accepted, though, given the scepticism with which the majority of US
    citizens presently regard escrowed encryption or government access to
    keys.
    On June 27, 1995, Senator Grassley introduced the Anti-Electronic
    Racketeering Act (S.974), which, if enacted, would virtually ban
    encryption. Only the use of  escrow-like software would be an
    affirmative defense for those prosecuted for using cryptography. The bill
    doesn't seem to have much support at present.
    4. The Utah Digital Signatures Act of 1995 provides a legal framework
    for the use of cryptography for authentication and integrity purposes.

@_date: 1995-07-27 01:50:57
@_author: E.J.Koops at kub.nl 
@_subject: Utah Digital Signatures Act 
You can find the text at (save typing errors :-)):

@_date: 1995-11-06 22:09:47
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey - updated and online 
I have updated my survey of cryptography regulations worldwide. It is available at URL
Please set pointers to this URL rather than copy the file, as I intend to regularly (i.e., about once every two months) update the survey. I greatly appreciate comments, corrections, and additional Bert-Jaap Koops
Center for Law and Informatization
Tilburg University
The Netherlands

@_date: 1996-01-11 05:24:41
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey - new URL and update 
The URL of my Crypto Law Survey has been changed several times over
the past month due to changes in servers. Apologies.
It is now located at
(and it is meant to stay there :-)).
So, please put pointers to this new URL, and accept my apologies for
the inconvenience.
To make up for this, I have updated the survey with all recent
events, such as the ICC meeting in Paris and the recent discovery of
a crypto law in Belgium, and added a few links. As always, comments
are more than welcome.
Kind regards,

@_date: 1996-05-11 04:26:30
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey - updated 
I have just updated my survey of cryptography regulations worldwide.
I have included the developments of the past few months and added a
number of links to more detailed resources and full texts.
Please reset old pointers to this URL.
Comments, as always, will be appreciated.
Bert-Jaap Koops

@_date: 1996-11-15 00:08:35
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: PGP3.0 & ElGamal 
According to Schneier, ElGamal isn't patented, but claimed to be covered by the Diffie-Hellman patent, which expires 29 April 1997.

@_date: 1996-10-09 06:01:38
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Binding cryptography - a fraud-detectible alternative to key-esc 
In this message, we introduce binding cryptography, a new proposal for
establishing an information security infrastructure that does not
hamper law enforcement. We present an alternative that can give
law-enforcement agencies access to session keys, without users having
to deposit private keys. Unilateral fraud in this scheme is easily
detectible. We outline the proposal below, and announce two articles
which will describe the proposal in more detail and which will provide
the legal and the technical context.
The text is also available at
9 October 1996
Eric Verheul, everheul at ngi.nl
Bert-Jaap Koops, koops at kub.nl
Henk van Tilborg, henkvt at win.tue.nl
(c) 1996 Eric Verheul, Bert-Jaap Koops, Henk van Tilborg
This message may only be redistributed in its entirety and with
inclusion of the copyright notice. Credit if quoting.
_Binding Cryptography, a fraud-detectible alternative to key-escrow
_1. Introduction_
Information security, and so cryptography, is essential in today's
information society. A robust (information) security infrastructure
must be set up, including a Key Management Infrastructure. However,
the unconditional use of encryption by criminals poses a threat to law
enforcement, a problem that is hard to solve. Consequently,
governments have two tasks. The first is stimulating the establishment
of a security structure that protects their citizens, but which does
not aid criminals. The second task is coping with the use of
encryption by criminals outside of this framework. We think that
encryption outside of the framework (e.g., PGP) should not be outlawed
- but it need not be mainstream either. It is crucial that any such
established security structure is widely accepted and trusted, as this
will lower the demand for encryption outside of this framework, and so
will make the second goal easier to achieve (or, at least, not more
difficult). The establishment of such a widely accepted and trusted
security structure is now the challenge that (US) IT businesses face
if they want to participate in the recent CLIPPER IV initiative.
_2. Binding cryptography_
In a series of two articles, we address the establishment of an
information security infrastructure. Several proposals have been made
by governments and others to establish such an infrastructure, but a
satisfactory overall solution remains yet to be found. In the
non-technical article [VKT], we review several technical proposals and
a few government initiatives, focusing on key-escrow proposals. We
present a series of criteria that acceptable solutions should meet,
and note that all proposals so far fail to meet many of these
criteria. We argued that the establishment of a worldwide security
infrastructure can not be achieved without strong cooperation of
governments. In fact, governments themselves should take up the
challenge of establishing a security infrastructure, based on
public-key encryption, which does not hamper law enforcement. We offer
a new solution to achieve this: "binding data", which also improves
upon current proposals. It has the advantage that it helps the
establishment of a strong security infrastructure which discourages
abuse for criminal or subversive purposes by making unilateral abuse
easily detectible. It allows a straightforward monitoring of
compliance with law-enforcement regulations, without users having to
deposit ("escrow") keys beforehand. Thus, an information security
infrastructure can be established, which does not worsen the crypto
problem for law enforcement.
Metaphorically speaking, our solution consists of equipping public-key
encryption systems used for confidentiality with a (car) governor (a
speed-limiting device). The specifications of this governor are rather
general, and so many systems can probably be equipped with them. It is
inspired by the proposal of Bellare and Rivest [BR], in which users'
encrypted messages consist of three components:
1. the (actual) message encrypted with any symmetric system, using a random session
key; 2. the session key encrypted with the public key(s) of the addressee(s);
3. the session key encrypted with the public key of a Trusted Retrieval Party (TRP).
In effect, the TRP is treated as a virtual addressee, although the
message is not sent to it. When a law-enforcement agency is conducting
a lawful intercept and strikes upon an enciphered message, they take
the third information component to the TRP. If shown an appropriate
warrant, the TRP decrypts the information component and hands over the
session key, so that the law-enforcement agency has access to the
message. Observe that users are not obliged to escrow their (master)
keys, they only give access to the (temporary) session keys used in
the communication. The concept of "virtual escrow" has been the base
of several escrow products (AT&T Crypto, RSA Secure, TIS Commercial
Key Escrow).
The main drawback of this concept is that it offers no possibility, at
least for others than the TRP, to check whether the third component
actually contains the (right) session key; moreover, the TRP will only
discover fraud after a lawful wiretap. This renders the solution
almost entirely unenforceable.
Therefore, we propose a binding alternative, which adds a fourth
component to the encrypted message: 4. binding data.
The idea is that any third party, e.g., a network or service provider,
who has access to components 2, 3 and 4 (but not to any additional
secret information) can: a. check whether the session keys in components 2 and 3 coincide; b. not determine any information on the actual session key.
In this way, fraud is easily detectible: a sender that attempts to
virtually address a session key to the TRP (component 3) that is
different from the real one he uses on the message (or just nonsense)
will be discovered by anyone checking the binding data. If such
checking happens regularly, fraud can be properly discouraged and
punished. The binding concept supports the virtual addressing of
session keys to several TRPs (or none for that matter), for instance,
one to a TRP in the country of the sender and one in the country of
the addressee. The solution therefore offers the same advantage for
worldwide usability as the Royal Holloway [Holl] concept. We also
remark that the concept supports the use of controllable key splitting
in the sense of Micali [Mica] as well: a sender can split the session
key and virtually address all the shares separately to the addressee
and various TRPs using the binding concept. Moreover, the number of
shares and the TRPs can - in principle - be chosen freely by each
user. Finally we remark that the time-boundedness conditon (the
enforceability of the timelimits of a warrant) can be fulfilled by
additionally demanding that encrypted information (or all components)
be timestamped and signed by the sender; a condition that can be
publicly verified by any third party (e.g., monitor) as well.
A PKI that incorporates binding data hence has the following four
players: - Users, i.e., governments, businesses, and citizens, - TTPs offering trusted services (e.g., time-stamping and certification of
public keys), - TRPs aiding law-enforcement agencies with decrypting legally intercepted messages, - Monitors, monitoring communications encrypted via the PKI on compliance with binding regulations. For instance, these could be network operators or (Internet) service
In [VKT], we explain how we envision the framework in which the
binding concept could present a security tool in the information
society. We think the concept is flexible enough (e.g., in the choice
of TRPs) to be incorporated into almost any national crypto policy, on
both the domestic and foreign use of cryptography.
In a mathematical paper [VT], Verheul and Van Tilborg propose a
technical construction for binding data for an important public-key
encryption system: ElGamal. This construction is compatible with
Desmedt's [DESM] traceable variant of ElGamal. The construction is
based on the techniques used in zero knowledge proofs. We expect that
these constructions can be improved and that various other public-key
encryption systems can be equipped with binding data. We present this
as a challenge to the cryptographic research community.
An outline of the mathematical construction of binding ElGamal can be
found at _3. References_
[BR]	
M. Bellare, R.L. Rivest, "Translucent Cryptography. An Alternative to
Key Escrow, and its Implementation via Fractional Oblivious Transfer",
see [Desm]	
Y. Desmedt, "Securing Traceability of Ciphertexts - Towards a Secure
Key Escrow System", Advances in Cryptology - EUROCRYPT'95 Proceedings,
Springer-Verlag, 1995, pp.147-157.
N. Jefferies, C. Mitchell, M. Walker, "A Proposed Architecture for
Trusted Third Party Services", Royal Holloway, University of London,
see S. Micali, "Fair Public-key Cryptosystems'", Advances in Cryptology -
CRYPTO '92 Proceedings, Springer-Verlag, 1993, pp. 113-138.
E. Verheul, B.J. Koops, H.C.A. van Tilborg, "Binding Cryptography. A
fraud-detectible alternative to key-escrow solutions", Computer Law
and Security Report, January-February 1997, to appear. [*]
E. Verheul, H.C.A. van Tilborg, "Binding ElGamal. A fraud-detectible
alternative to key-escrow solutions", will be submitted to
[*] For the Computer Law and Security Report, send subscription
enquiries, orders and payments to:
Pam Purvey
The Oxford Fulfilment Centre
PO Box 800, Kidlington
Oxford 0X5 1DX  UK
Tel: +44 1865 843373
Fax: +44 1865 843940
For the United States:
Elsevier Advanced Technology
Fulfilment (enquiries)
660 White Plains Road, Tarrytown
New York, NY 10591-5153
USA Tel: 914 333 2458

@_date: 1996-10-16 08:28:10
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Comments on binding cryptography (1) 
Apologies for not reacting earlier; I have been away for six days.
I found many reactions to the posting on binding cryptograhpy in my mail box, which I have read with interest. Here are my comments, excuse me if they are lengthy.
First and foremost, I want to stress that the proposal primarily addresses the issue of providing information security. It does not want to solve the problem of criminals using encryption.
I hope the following analogy may clear this (but please don't stretch
the analogy too far).
The government wants to offer citizens good transport, so they make public roads. Because some citizens endanger others through drunk driving, the government makes the rule that if you want to drive a car, you must be sober. If you want to drive on the public road, fine, don't drink. If you want to drink, fine, take a bike or cab or use public Now, the binding cryptography proposal wants to provide law-abiding citizens with good crypto. (I'm currently not using any, because I don't have an easy to use and reliable system.) A government may establish an infrastructure for good crypto (like the public roads), with the requirement that you keep to the "binding" rule (like "don't drive drunk"). If you don't want to use the binding cryptography, fine, use another system (take a bike or cab). The system will not prevent criminals from using cryptography - it isn't meant to. Yes, criminals can use superencryption or other (mutually agreed upon) ways to use the system and yet be out of law-enforcement's reach, but they might as well use PGP in the first place. I do not want to see PGP outlawed, and I do not want to have PGP use be regarded as suspicious (just as I don't think it is suspicious if you take a cab late at night). Setting up a good information security structure can very well be compatible with having other means of information security. You ask why should the government offer good crypto, when it's already available? I think that cypherpunks are not average - they know about crypto and they can use it. The majority of the citizens, however, do not use crypto, because they don't understand it and because there's no easy-to-use and reliable standard. If the government were to offer this, it would make a difference to many Then, you say, it affects my privacy. As far as I see it, it does not. The binding cryptography system allows regular monitoring for compliance (like road police checking whether people are sober). It does not involve reading of messages. The only time messages are read is when law-enforcement agencies (LEAs) have a warrant and ask a TRP to hand over a session key. This is not fundamentally different from the present situation, where LEAs can wiretap with a warrant. Privacy will be protected more or less to the same extent as presently.
If you don't agree with governments having the possibility of intercepting communications anyway, OK, that's your opinion. I have another opinion, and we needn't discuss further - this is not the Then, if you say you don't trust your government, OK, I can see a point. Generally, I notice a difference between US and Europe in our views on the role of governments. That is legitimate, and something for each to discuss domestically. (Yes, Alex, IRT-gate is a good point, but at least it has led to a critical investigation by parliament and a more critical attitude with our judges in judging investigation methods.)
(And Allen, if binding cryptography helps totalitarian governments in arbitrarily monitoring all communications, I oppose this. China uses video cameras in Lhasa to monitor potential demonstrations of Tibetans. I oppose this, and I blame the Chinese government for it, not the inventor of video cameras.)
I feel at least that allowing TRPs to decrypt single communications if the LEA has a court warrant is better protection than escrowing my private key with the government. Also, choosing your own TRP allows you better protection than having to use a government-chosen one. On the other hand, I think there should be some regulation on TRPs, if only to address liability issues. I think a government certification of TRPs would not be a bad thing, if this is done in an open, flexible and preferably independent way - for instance a semi-govenmental "TRP approving authority" (the same way we have data protection authorities who monitor compliance with data protection legislation). Again, we may have different opinions on this given the difference between US and Europe.
Someone pointed out that a TRP could be corrupted and collaborate with the law-enforcement agencies. Then, all sessions would be read by the LEA. Indeed, this is a threat to be taken into account. At least the binding alternative is better protection against collaborating TRPs than key-escrow, as at least it leaves communications from before the corruption unharmed. Moreover, the system allow easy change of TRP, so the moment you notice something weird about this TRP, you choose another one. It's really a matter of Finally, I get the impression that some cypherpunks feel the law-enforcement problem to be a problem of "them" as opposed to us. I - and this is my personal opinion - feel it is "my" problem as well. I live in a society with which I am generally satisfied, not the least because we have a rule of law. Tracing criminals is my concern as well. I am not happy that, in some ways, I have to give up some freedom, but I think it is worth while. I would not mind using a government-offered crypto system that uses binding cryptography. All I want is that it is a good system and I want to be sure I trust my TRP.
I would prefer it if no such system were needed, but if it helps in protecting me from criminals, I can live with it.

@_date: 1996-10-16 08:42:40
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Comment on binding cryptography (2) 
It's nice to hear I was listed as a good guy. Maybe I can regain some credit if I explain why I co-published the binding cryptography proposal ;-).
I haven't yet made up my mind how the crypto problems for law enforcement are to be addressed. It's my Ph.D. subject, and all I can say at present is that the issue is complex.
That is why I want there to be as much information on the issue as possible. I don't say I agree with key-escrow, GAK or binding crypto, nor with demanding a suspect to decrypt, but I want to know all there is to know before I make up my mind. Having a new proposal helps putting things into perspective. At least the binding crypto proposal shows (as other proposals have) that there's no need to escrow your private keys, and that's a point.
Also, as I said in my first comments, binding crypto isn't meant to solve the crypto problem, it is "merely" meant to provide a trustworthy crypto system with some safeguard. Finally, to my mathematician's sense of aesthetics, binding crypto is an elegant proposal. It merits publication in its own right. Not because I think it should be established, but because I think it should be known.

@_date: 1996-10-18 01:03:51
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Comments on binding cryptography (1) 
[many things, including]
This indicates exactly our difference of opinion, which I noticed already in my posting. We have different views on governments, so be it. If you can tell me exactly how criminals can get around the cryptographic protocol in the way the proposal tries to prevent (unilateral fraud), I very much would like to hear so. If you mean criminals can agree to use superencryption (or PGP for that matter), I don't deny that, as you might have noticed.

@_date: 1996-10-18 01:20:43
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: "Stopping Crime" Necessarily Means Invasiveness 
I suppose this remark is targeted at me and Eric.
Yes, I am sensitive to the issue, but no, I don't think the threat of an American invasion particularly realistic.
At present, I worry more about the threat of (organized) crime than about the threat of government abuse, call it Dutch naivete if you So much for politics. Can we get back to crypto?

@_date: 1996-10-22 01:04:53
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Comments on binding cryptography (1) 
For the last time I react on these (political) issues, and then I will gladly return to business. Our views should be clear by now.
I agree.
I don't agree.
I am not suggesting anything of the kind.
I suggested we had a difference of opinion, and I can very well live with that. It's a matter for you to decide in the States, and for us to decide in the Netherlands/Europe. My only concern is that measures we take are compatible with foreign measures (mark compatible, not the same), and that the US is not pushing foreign states into measures they don't really want to take.
I suggest you try and read what people write first, instead of skimming through a message and jumping to conclusions.

@_date: 1996-10-22 01:32:25
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
[many things on "fraud"]
Excuse me if I don't react on this in detail. We have already explained it, and there it stands: fraud means playing a game without abiding by its rules. It's perfectly legitimate to establish a game and to introduse rules of the game with it. If you want to play the game, play by its rules, otherwise don't play it. If you play it while cheating, though, you must bear the consequences ("go directly to jail" ;-).

@_date: 1997-12-09 00:30:33
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
-new entries on Estonia, Hungary, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Romania, Turkey
     (import/export) and on Argentina, Malaysia, South Korea (domestic) -update on European Union (Commission Communication: advises
     export adaptation, wary of key recovery, EU will use encryption
     itself), Belgium (govt proposal), Brazil (import/ use controls
     possible in 1998), France (expected decrees delayed by NL),
     Germany (Kanther chip; no regulation intention), Sweden (Cabinet
     Office report), Turkey (perhaps domestic controls),      US (BXA seeks comments; Bernstein hearing scheduled; SAFE
     Act amended/ uncertain future; KMI FIPS meetings; AES candidate
     call) -clarification on Poland (import), Singapore, South Africa,
     UK (export) -URLs added to EU (KRISIS), France (critique), UK
     (list of responses), US (KMI FIPS, amendment S909) Kind regards,

@_date: 1997-02-19 03:40:25
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
- New lay-out. Digital signatures replaced to a separate overview.
- New entries on Finland (export), Hong Kong (import, export), New
Zealand (export), Poland (import) -Update on Australia (government encryption of classified data), Finland (no key-escrow), France (TTP law published), Japan (general position, wiretap law), Netherlands (extend decryption command), OECD (Group of Expert okays guidelines), Scandinavia (secure email system), Switzerland (telecom encryption, export), US (Karn appeal, annual figures report)
-Corrections or clarifications on Australia (export, public domain software), Belgium (export), Germany (export), US (Bernstein, NRC report)
-URLs changed in France (TTP law), US (Bernstein)

@_date: 1997-02-19 06:26:45
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
- New lay-out. Digital signatures replaced to a separate overview.
- New entries on Finland (export), Hong Kong (import, export), New
Zealand (export), Poland (import) -Update on Australia (government encryption of classified data), Finland (no key-escrow), France (TTP law published), Japan (general position, wiretap law), Netherlands (extend decryption command), OECD (Group of Expert okays guidelines), Scandinavia (secure email system), Switzerland (telecom encryption, export), US (Karn appeal, annual figures report)
-Corrections or clarifications on Australia (export, public domain software), Belgium (export), Germany (export), US (Bernstein, NRC report)
-URLs changed in France (TTP law), US (Bernstein)

@_date: 1997-07-02 23:43:29
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
-    update on Australia (Walsh report), Germany (Interior Ministry
     opinion), Sweden (IT commission report), US (government bill
     amended, Kerrey-McCain bill, SAFE act amended and passed House
     committees, czar travel FOIA request) -    clarification on Singapore (import, domestic), Japan (government cannot choose) -    URLs added to Belgium (law proposals), Canada (export), UK (cyber-rights report) Comments are as always welcomed.
Kind regards,

@_date: 1997-07-21 16:42:37
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: JENC8 presentation - Crypto Regulation in Europe - online 
I have put my recent presentation to JENC8 online:
   Crypto Regulation in Europe. Some key trends and issues
   Proceedings 8th Joint European Networking Conference,    Edinburgh, 12-15 May 1997, pp. 811/1-8
A somewhat revised version of this paper, updated until June 1997, will
be published in Computer Networks and ISDN Systems. Comments are welcomed.
Kind regards,

@_date: 1997-09-04 22:10:48
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
-update on Australia (Walsh recommendations), Denmark (report by Expert
Committee), France (decree deemed imminent), Sweden (Inspection for strategic goods), US (Bernstein decision, Junger amended complaint) -change on Singapore (unclear availability domestic crypto) -URL added to Sweden (export law)
-FAQ added -lay-out restyled Besides, I have added to my homepage pages on my research (crypto & crime) and on key recovery and PKIs. I've also added a collection of links on these areas. See:
Comments are as always welcomed.
Kind regards,

@_date: 1998-06-11 08:22:48
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
-update on Wassenaar (to be revised), EU (proposal for new
     dual-use regulation; Copenhagen hearing; ETSI rejects RH;
     law-enforcement policy paper), Birma (domestic regulation),
     Brazil (no regulation plans), Germany (no regulation before
     elections), Kazakhstan (domestic controls), Malaysia (CA's must
     decrypt during search), Pakistan (regulation on sale and use),
     Spain (export), Sweden (export), US (Karn; Junger; new version
     Kerrey-McCain; Gore letter) - URLs added to EU (conditional access
     regulation), US (BXA Annual Report; Junger page) I have also started a mailing list to announce updates, to which you can subscribe by sending a message to  with subject "subscribe CLS-update".
Kind regards,

@_date: 1998-03-03 02:18:28
@_author: Bert-Jaap Koops 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
I have just updated my survey of existing and envisaged cryptography
laws and regulations. See the Crypto Law Survey at
This update includes:
-update on European Union (ETSI on TTP; Eckhert statement;      COM (97) 503 "not important"; Birmingham conference),      Council of Europe (PC-CY), Belgium (law amended),
     Canada (crypto policy discussion paper), France (Lorentz report),
     Gemany (Sandl statement; no backdoor in Pluto), Israel (export
     revision), Netherlands (proposals to extend decryption command;
     TTP project; encrypt to "seize"; use remains free), Scandinavia
     (PSS no longer Nordic), United Kingdom (policy announcement
     delayed; SfL resolution), United States (interim export rule;
     California resolution; czar travels; Compsec Enhancement Act;
     Kerrey McCain revised; AES conference) -corrections on Estonia (controls were reported), Switzerland (telecom > radio)
-clarification on Wassenaar Arrangement (General Software Note),
     Germany (export), Israel (case-by-case decisions), Sweden
     (Internet export), US (SAFE versions) -URL added to Canada (gov PKI), Hong Kong (export)
Kind regards,
