
@_date: 1996-07-10 07:28:29
@_author: Ecgwulf 
@_subject: Style gettting in the way of clear reporting 
I wonder what golden age of journalism these guys have in mind. Journalism is garbage and it always has been. After all, it is what connects you with your culture. It's a dirty job.
A couple of more fully fascist rags would be hard to find. Misinformation, disinformation and total lack of substance -- it's all style. The L.A. Times is a close runner-up with its one hundred year history of self interest, red-baiting of organized labor and political "enemies" broken only by a few periods of acting as a propaganda mill and inspiring a few race riots. Take a look at the masthead of, say, a 1943 edition.
Does 'faux style' mean 'fucked style'? If so, then kissing is appropriate.
There are multiple issues of relevance:
1. The coding and decoding of messages in apparent plaintext.
2. Assumptions about the authenticity of sources and motives in message 3. The separation of form and content in written language which I suggest cannot be separated.
4. The apparent political center of gravity of message subscribers. Let's say, this mailing list for instance.

@_date: 1996-07-19 17:42:06
@_author: Llywarch Hen 
@_subject: New Infowarfare Panel 
There is an interesting document at
_Strategic Information Warfare: A New Face of War_, by Roger C. Molander,
Andrew S. Riddile, and Peter A. Wilson.

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:16:37
@_author: Llywarch Hen 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Sir, you are not allowing for just how incredibly stupid the cops are. When
they show up at your house, it is all over. They've already decided that you
are scum. You'd have us believe that you lie awake stroking your gun. You
have not had the opportunity to look closely at the business end of a gun.
The hole looks enormous. Come off it grandpa. This is not a fashion show --
'black-clad' indeed. The one 'black-clad' character that comes to mind is
the _Economist_ editor found dead last year on his kitchen table wearing a
tight-fitting latex number who expired having sex with him/itself. Of course
this says nothing about the _Economist's_ readership, except most likely in
your case.
Forget the crocodile pits and the other juvenile stunts. If you have the
slightest bit of incriminating material (queer porn?) on your hard drive,
you'll roll over in no time and give your pals to the cops. These assholes
would rather shoot you than admit to a mistake. One bullet from one of them,
and they'll all execute you on the spot to cover for the idiot.

@_date: 1996-07-21 20:45:15
@_author: Llywarch Hen 
@_subject: Game Theory and its Relevance to Cypherpunks 
Definite agreement here. Wait ... it gets better.
terrifying image,
What Timothy May espouses is not the appearance of craziness but actual
insanity itself.
Recall that during the time MAD supposedly worked that both of Reagan and
Brezhnev were comatose much, if not all of the time. The crazies were out of
the picture. Who was in charge? Let's suppose it was the generals. Who would
know better their systems were shit? Recall on the day that Reagan was shot
that Alexander Haig appeared on national TV and announced 'I am in charge
here.' Haig was not constitutionally in charge of anything. Did he mean 'we'
not 'I'. Who would that 'we' be? The twentieth century is drawing to a close
as the world's most bloodthirsty by far: 40 mil under Stalin, 25 mil under
Mao, 8 mil under Hitler, and so on. There are no heroes. Timothy May
suggests that we continue to play his stupid game. Much of the cold war for
public consumption was predicated on the notion that ends do not justify
means. It was rather profitable for some interests however.
The numbers speak for a strong info-war capability. But what we are asked to
do is to refight the last war with grandpa, who we find out stayed home and
watched it on TV but gets off on all this scary shit. Especially the uniforms.
Perhaps Timothy May through luck, manipulation and hard work has made it up
toward the head of the line to feed at the public trough and then declare to
the rest of us that we have a free and competitive market. He will cite
Hudson, Heritage, RAND, ... AEI, and Cato whose shining lights best
understand who it is that is signing their paychecks. These are the folks
that bought us Vietnam, did not pay for it in lives or money, but profited
immensely. He cites Kahn whose best game is the consulting game.
Wanna buy a hot stock? Buy Steven Emerson -- guy's gonna take off.

@_date: 1996-09-18 19:19:28
@_author: Llywarch Hen 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant 
"In July, Mr Lee [Kuan Yew, senior minister of Singapore] described an
insight that came to him watching a sheepdog show in Australia. You start
off with a group of young puppies, and 'weed out those who are not going to
be successful . . . You either have those qualities or you don't.' It was,
said Mr Lee, 'the simplest of all the lessons in life.'
        From _The Economist_, September 14th 1996.
