
@_date: 2000-09-25 09:02:29
@_author: POF 
@_subject: CDR: "Tim May vs. GOD" ..... 
References: "Tim May Vs. GOD"
GOD: Mr Tim May you've been selected to inform the WHOLE of the world and
it's peoples the words of myself on this day of meeting. You will do this.
or you will perish.
Tim: but god, i have a right to live. EVERYONE has a right to live. except
the stupid fucking idiots i guess...
GOD: no you don't.
Tim: i do, and i have a right to enjoy it also.
GOD: i am god, and i don't have any part in "legal rights", what you are
referring to are "freedoms" and is something wholly other.
Tim: ok, fine. i have the freedom to life and all that horse shit.
GOD: not really.
Tim: i'm free to do as i choose.
GOD: ok, fair enough, but you actions are not freedoms in and of
themselves. your actions are slave to your WILL.
Tim: right, right, we're all slaves to ourselves. hurry this up a bit.
i believe that we all have the freedom to do whatever we want. and those
who don't take advantage of this are fucing idiots.
GOD: well, i made you and i believe that you're all just a bunch of crude
lumps of various forms of flesh, that do NOTHING but process stimulus from
birth. You are nothing more than a quick response to your enviroment...
sometimes a collection of such responses. Even your will is dictated by
someone/something else... or at least a group of them. and this is exactly
why you should shutup and deliver this message. it's for the good of all
mankind... all the world.
TIM: hang on a sec, there chief. why would i want to do good to all mankind?
GOD: you're so competetive. give it up.
Tim: i'm not HALF as competetive, as some of these assholes. i'm just right.
GOD: you think you know everything. you coulnd't possible know what's good
for EVERYTHING. so shutup and listen.
Tim: oh, so you're a communist now? and looks like we're all fascist!
GOD: i'm not an ist. ists believe in isms. and that's an issue of thought.
you're a communist too, anyways.
Tim: ?/??????? i don't even like these assholes. "communist" as defined by-
GOD: shutup.
 TIM: ...
GOD: i am hereby casting you out of heaven for being a prick.
... get out.
---BACK ON EARTH (in the form of various emails and presentations---
TIM: Hello, world. you will listen to my words as if they are gods own. you
are all fascists inside of a communist plant (of sorts) and have no idea
what's good for you. i however do. as i am nolonger one of gods creatures,
i am not subject to his rules. so listen closely...
TIM: -THE END-

@_date: 2000-09-27 21:55:51
@_author: POF 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
References: surveillance, regarless of the inevitable (sp?) conversation about the
need/desire for it, is by nature invasive. so it seems that you'd mean
"unacceptably invasive" (heh, interesting thought)... i agree. it's
somewhat humorous and somewhat sad, but i find myself, frequently, angry
with the idea of being restricted in the use of technology (like the FCC
"don't broadcast" or whatever concept) just because it's protecting someone
elses claim on the "airwaves" or whatever medium i'd be using, and then
there's the heat idea... not really TOO much different in concept. not
enough anyways.  so there's the trick, does one fight for a middle ground?
or take a Pole? like the idea of free speech... is everyone free? or do we
start handing out restrictions? or EVERYONE'S FREE-if you have a license. ?
cuz when you get to the SELECTIVITY thing, you might not like what you get...

@_date: 2001-02-05 09:39:33
@_author: POF 
@_subject: CNN.com - Technology - New notebooks offer biometric 
Thanks for the article, but i have some questions/comments that perhaps
require some clearing up.... even if it were in perfect working order, this
technology sounds to me like another coup for crypto... what i mean is,
simply, bits are bits, and the data on the drive could be read in a part by
part basis (perhaps i don't have the vocabulary for this, but the idea is
here).... sorta like "ta hell with the security, if i just take the drive,
or the platter even i can just read it raw and then all i have to contend
with is the encryption"
well, sorry for my ignorance... perhaps you could clear it up if needed :)
