
@_date: 1992-12-03 15:26:58
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Secure key exchange 
Anserwing some comments about my suggestions for key verification.
Phil Karn pointed out that the next version of PGP will display an
MD-5 hash of any public key for phone comparison purposes.  That's
great, but that version of PGP isn't here quite yet. I suspect, in
any case, that the added security isn't all that great since I suspect
it's very hard to find another valid key-pair where the public key
matches the last 24 bits plus some fragment of another 20 bits or so
from the middle of the key.
Phone, as opposed to mailed paper verifications has the following
Phil says you have to recognize the voice, which implies you've met
him in close quarters, which implies you could have exchanged keys
physically anyway.  If the only place you've heard the voice is
over the phone, that's not a very good criterion.
Phone verification is good, IMHO, *only* if the person being verified
is *called at a listed number*. You can't verify a person who calls you,
(unless you know the voice).  You can't verify a person you call at
an unlisted number which you got over the net!!
Economics: Net participants are scattered over the country and even the
world. Paper verification costs about $2-$3 allowing for my fee, copying
costs and two-way international postage. Adding notarization adds about
$5.00.  Phone verification is economical locally (maybe cheaper than
mail), but more expensive when long-distance rates apply, especially
international rates.
Meeting at parties or face-to-face is most expensive of all, unless
the meeting happens fortuitously. Overseas plane fare to exchange keys
is beyond the means of most of us.
Phil says:
    I would much rather trust a simple verification procedure based on
    redundancy and close personal relationships than a single,
    complex, impersonal process involving people I don't know.  This
    is not to impugn your integrity, of course -- I'm simply speaking
    on principle.
No offense taken!  I, on the other hand, would rather have in my hand
a signed statement of identity with photocopied ID that I can keep
and file away.  I also don't want to go broke making international
phone calls.
As it happens, I, so far, have not been able to sign a single key!!
I called Phil Zimmerman at a listed number, I read him my key and
he signed it, but he was called away from the phone before he could
verify his key to me. So I can't sign his!
I've met a few people at parties I've given my paper key (fragments)
to. So far none of them have signed my key, but none of them had
paper key fragments to trade, so I can't sign theirs.
George Gleason commented about supplying home addresses.  Your
comments are well taken. Phil Zimmerman also commented to me in E-mail
that some people don't want the serial numbers on their photo ID
copied.  Everyone please feel free not to supply a home address and
to obscure any home address or serial number on the photocopied
photo ID. I'll still sign your key, although I'll note what you did
in my signed key directory, which I'll send to customers & publish
here.  If you don't want *me* to know your home address, you can
use a P.O. box for me to return my (or other customers') ID
certificate(s) to you. On the other hand, as the service provider,
MY home address and phone are public info.
I also acknowledge George's criticism re the "I'm not a cop"
statement. I'm going to leave it in my statement, because it's
true, but in general you should be aware that any legal protection is
questionable at best.  The lack of protection has been verified by
a source on Extropians and by an attorney on the RIME network.
In the meantime, I guess we can discuss illegal subjects not with
"I've done ..." but with "I've heard that ..." or "I used to know
somebody who ...". Also anonymous remailers will be a big help.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-05 14:51:16
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: First digital money? 
Following cross-posted from Extropians:
Bankers Trust has started a Global Settlement Fund to allow securities traders
to make free funds transfers 24 hours a day.  The Chicago Mercantile Exchange
now accepts GSF shares in addition to cash and T-bills for settlement purposes.
GSF shares will pay interest and there are no transactions charges for
transfers.  For now, the account minimum is $100,000 and participating
institutions must have a link to Bankers Trust's New York operations center.
The company plans to open similar funds denominated in Yen and Pounds Sterling.
It also plans a BBS system which will allow traders to arrange forex exchanges
with the holders of other currency shares 24 hours a day.
Bankers Trust has targeted the Fed Wire that does 60 million transactions worth
$200 billion a year but is slow and expensive.
Now once such a system reaches the *retail* level we'll really have something.
Duncan Frissell
* DUNCAN FRISSELL                        Attorney at Law, Writer, and Privacy *
* CIS 76630,3577                         Consultant since the Nixon           *
* Internet 76630.3577 at compuserve.com       Administration                     *
* Easylink 62853962                                                           *
* Attmail !dfrissell                                                          *
* TLX:  402231 FRISSELL NYK                                                   *
*                                                                             *
*          * Clinton Inaugural Sale - Any Question Answered for $9.99 *       *
*                                                                             *
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-19 08:09:32
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Remailer Policies 
I would like to expand on Hal's suggestion that remailer operators
post their policies on a)keeping logs and b) divulging same.
Hal says he keeps logs "for a few days" and might divulge logs of
"really vicious, racially or sexually harrassing" messages.
Presumably this would also cover anonymous threatening messages,
blackmail, etc.
We've already discussed use of PGP by pedophiles to encrypt
incriminating diaries.  It gets better.  PGP and remailers can
be used to encrypt and ship "kiddy porn" GIF files. Even private
possession of such material is a serious crime in the USA. A chain
of anonymous and encrypted remailers could be used to drop kiddy porn
into newsgroups like
  alt.sex.pictures
I'm sure that would create quite a stir!
Perhaps Duncan or another attorney would like to comment on legal
liability of remailers in these kinds of situations. I don't think
there's currently any law on what records remailers would have to
keep; if you didn't have them, you couldn't give them up.
If this becomes a problem, expect legislation regulating or even
outright banning remailers. However, if remailer code has spread
over many national boundaries, such legislation may not be effective.
By the way, no-one has yet responded to my request to add features
to Eric's remailer to 1)remove the "sig" after "--" and 2)Anonymously
post to newsgroups available at the remailer site.  Both these
features are present in the Australian remailer at Pax. Unfortunately
that remailer seems less secure than Eric's in that it keeps more or
less permanent records of its users at the remailer site and it
doesn't seem to be able to chain to other remailers.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-22 19:40:22
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Remailers 
I'd like to thank Eric Hughes and Mike Sherwood (who wrote privately)
and Hal Finney (who responded here) to my requests for enhancements to
Eric's remailer code.
By the way, Hal, your signature did not match the associated
   WARNING: Bad signature, doesn't match file contents!
   Bad signature from user "Hal Finney <74076.1041 at compuserve.com>".
   Signature made 1992/12/19 21:43 GMT
This is likely due to some trailing blanks in your plaintext. I've
written to Branko to try to get PGP to remove trailing blanks if
-t is active.
First, I'm glad Eric agrees that anonymous posting to newsgroups
is a good idea and is on his "to do" list. Until then, thanks to
Hal for posting the info about the ucbvax gateway. I had that info at
one time, before hearing about remailers, but discarded it since I
thought I'd never use it.
I'm sorry Eric doesn't agree that stripping the .sig is a good idea.
I respectfully dissent. I've found that I can probably disable
my own automatic .sig, so I suppose this isn't too urgent.
Nevertheless, I would think it desirable to make remailers as easy to
use as posible. Having to remember to disable the automatic .sig is
certainly an inconvenience.  Forgetting to do so could potentially
be very embarrassing or even incriminating!!
The pax remailer uses "--" or "__" as sig delimiters (according to
their docs) & apparently this is satisfactory.  I think this means
that "----" would NOT be a delimiter, so it would be unlikely to be
used by mistake.  I wouldn't mind a more explicit delimiter, for
::--Remailer cut HERE--
if Eric thinks "--" is too ambiguous or is likely to be used
inadvertantly in the middle of a msg.  Anyway I guess I can
muddle through for the time being.
I agree with Hal that the pax remailer can probably be the first
in a chain to Eric remailers.  Probably also the last in a chain
of Anonymous returns.  But I don't see how pax could be used in
the middle of a chain.  I would encourage Eric to correspond with
the guy running the pax remailer:
   anon.admin at pax.tpa.com.au (a human)
to see if you couldn't come up with a common remailer code with best
features of both.  Certainly it would be great to have an Eric-style
remailer running in Australia!!
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-28 00:53:59
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Signing ASCII text 
I was able to verify Hal Finney's signed plaintext message posted here
on Dec 23 with a good signature.  Hal says he prepared the original
plaintext with no trailing blanks.  The editor I use removes trailing
blanks whenever it saves text to disk.  So there could have been
trailing blanks in the plaintext I received (which would have spoiled
the signature match) put there by ASCII uploading (of blank lines) or
otherwise and I wouldn't know it.
I can't really fault mailers that remove trailing blanks; they are
trying to avoid consuming bandwidth with null information. I think
the answer is a change to PGP to remove trailing blanks anytime
-t is active. I have written to Branko to suggest this, but his
response was somewhat lukewarm.  Perhaps he would change his mind
if he received the same suggestion from several individual PGP users.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-28 00:54:12
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: remailer signature suppression 
Marc Horowitz wrote on Dec 23:
    I think that signatures should be kept.  If you really want to be
    anonymous, you have bigger things to worry about than your sig
    showing up or not.
I don't follow Marc's logic here. If the wrong sig shows up, it
obviously negates all other precautions taken in using remailers, etc.
    And if I want to build a pseudonymous identity for myself, I might
    want to have a sig for that identity.  I wouldn't want the
    remailers stripping that out.
The problem is if you want to send a mixture of anonymous and
regular mail. This involves changing the "sig" on the fly; difficult
to do reliably with an automatic script. With loss of anonymity the
consequence of the wrong sig appearing with either anonymous or non-
anonymous messages.
    Perhaps it would make sense to have a header field which indicated
    if the sig should be kept or not.
This might be a good compromise.  Of course I would prefer the
signature-screen: Yes to be the default.  Also don't forget that
for those of us who can't specify net-headers at will this new
header would also have to be specifiable within text via the ::
convention or otherwise.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-28 00:54:14
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Miron's Remailer 
I tried Miron Cuperman's remailer, which requires encrypted input.
I noted happily that my automatic signature did not echo back, because
it was not part of the encrypted text.
I was going to ask how this effected ARA, but Miron has already
recognized this problem and proposed a solution.
Except for messages to be posted to newsgroups or sent to lists,
message bodies are likely to be encrypted with the public key
of the recipient. Certainly anyone sending or posting an ARA
should also post an "anonymous" public key for the body of the
reply. (An anonymous public key is just a key with some nom de
plume in the User ID field).
Another topic: signed plaintext.  Miron's signed plaintext failed
the signature check here.  This is probably because my editor
eliminates trailing blanks. Someone here pointed out that
a trailing blank in a blank line may be introduced by an
ASCII upload. Until PGP is fixed to eliminate trailing blanks
in text, I may have another solution.
The editor on this WAFFLE system has an ability to UPLOAD files
using (for example) ZMODEM. I have modified the Telix SLT file I
use so I have a choice of ASCII or Zmodem upload. Proof of pudding
is in eating.  Check the signature on this upload, which contains
several blank lines.  I will be checking with you when I get the
echo back.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-12-28 00:54:17
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Secret PGP Keys 
In response to Anton Sherwoods Dec 22 posting:
    Here's a lame question from a beginner who hasn't even downloaded
    PGP:
    Am I supposed to memorize my private key, lest cops beat down the
    door while I'm out?
You would find it difficult to memorize your PGP secret key.
It's 384-1024 bits assigned by PGP when it generates a key pair.
There's not even any provision for manually entering your secret
key. It's only useful in electronic form, on your disk. Which is not
to say it may be useful to store it on a floppy at some location
removed from the computer in some situations.
However, PGP has added something called a "pass phrase" which you
can assign to your secret key when you generate a key pair. The
pass phrase is optional, but strongly advised. Since you make it up,
it should be easy to memorize, so *don't* write it down or store it
anywhere where unfriendly forces could find it.
PGP uses the pass phrase you assign to encrypt the stored version of
the secret key it generates for you.  The pass phrase is therefore
required (and is prompted for) before the secret key can be used to
either decrypt incoming mail or sign outgoing mail.
This is your defense against the cops beating down the door.  They
will find the (encrypted) secret key on your disk.  The pass phrase is
in your head and you have a right to remain silent; use it.
There might be some situation where a judge could order you to give
up the pass phrase: you are granted immunity from criminal prosecution
(but you don't want to incriminate your friends) or in a civil
discovery action.  In this case, just claim to have forgotten the
pass phrase in the stress of the situation. Stick to that; no-one
can prove otherwise.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-11-18 15:04:26
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Request for more detail 
After reading the details of that (formerly) secret back-room
    agreement between NSA and SPA, I don't think I'll *ever* trust a
    commercial encryption package, especially one for which source
    code is unavailable for scrutiny.
Could Phil or anyone give more details about that agreement and/or
where one could read more about it?
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-11-22 05:02:03
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Problems with remailer 
Hal           <74076.1041 at compuserve.com>
    Cypherpunks   I tried to test your remailer, but didn't have any luck. I can see
that other people (Cassandra & Pollyanna among others) are using it.
This small (and free) system does not allow me to specify network
headers (except Subject), so I used the "::"  convention.  I tried
three configurations of sending something to myself on Nov 17, 1:08am.
As of my last session, Nov 19, 4:45pm, I had not received an echo from
any of the three.  Here is the record of the mailings.  Note the
sequence numbers are not part of the message.
Hope you can tell me where I went wrong, especially since you
have the convenience of the remailer secret key.
In one post, you said:
    You could post anonymously, using our current remailers, to this
    list or another list.
This implies you now have more than one remailer.  Where is (are) the
other one(s)?
I've since lost track of the details, but I recall reading about
a gateway from E-Mail to any Usenet newsgroup. Of course, with your
remailer, it's now possible to use that to anonymously post to any
usenet newsgroup.
Since I'm writing to you anyway, I'd be interested in knowing what
(if any) records are kept by the remailer, and for how long are they
retained. Where the forwarding address is encrypted, is the decryption
of same erased both in memory & on disk (overlay erased on disk) as
soon as the message is sent? Memory buffers of incoming net headers
(which aren't encrypted) and messages (which may not be encrypted)
also need to be erased promptly & not left lying around until reused.
Is it possible the remailer held up forwarding my messages waiting
for other messages to arrive with different destinations (to confuse
traffic analysis)?  To avoid long waits, you might want to send
out dummy messages to a variety of addresses when traffic is low.
I hereby volunteer my address to receive up to ten such messages
per day. Once there are enough remailers so that most messages are
being forwarded to another remailer, then all the dummy messages
can be sent to the other remailers.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-11-25 03:28:55
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Parties 
Cypherpunks             Extropians              Libernet             Since all the above groups, of which I am a member, are not known
for sponsoring social functions, I suggest we co-opt the Pen SFA
parties.  Their latest "Winnie" newsletter is attached. Please note
and follow "rules".  I especially recommend the 12/26 party.
PGPers, bring your printed public keys for exchange.
If you like these parties, please sign up for free E-Mail distribution
of your own copy of the newsletter, as I will not post it every month.
=================Copy of Newsletter follows==========================
Winnie the POO  November 21, 1992
Published for the Peninsula Science Fantasy Association by its
commander, Rich McAllister, 149 Webster St, Palo Alto, CA 94301.
(415)328-2741.  rfm at Eng.Sun.com.
Winnies are available by US Mail at 5/$2, or via electronic mail
(Internet/UUCP/CompuServe/FIDONET) free.  If you're mailing payment make
checks to Rich McAllister, or send stamps. I prefer stamps, so I'll give
you one issue for each 29 cent stamp you send, and eat the repro cost
myself.  The number above your name on the label is the number of the
last Winnie you will receive unless you Do Something.  A 999 means you
get Winnie by trade.
PenSFA standard party rules: bring something edible or drinkable to
share, or pay the host $2.  Don't smoke in the house without checking
with the host first.  Normal start time is 8PM.
NO SECOND NOVEMBER MEETING (11/28)
We will not have a second November meeting because of Silicon.  NOTE:
SILICON IS NOT AT THE RED LION!  (This seems to be a well kept
secret.)  Silicon is at the Westin Santa Clara.  This is the hotel
between Techmart and the Santa Clara Convention Center.  (It used to
be the Doubletree.) Take the Great America Parkway exit from 101, go
past Great America; as soon as you cross the trolley tracks, you're
there.  Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.  I probably won't be there to
organize a PenSFA event.  I suggest interested folks meet at 6PM
Saturday in the lobby for a dinner expedition.
FIRST DECEMBER MEETING (12/12)
Party at Danny Low's, 1460 San Marcos Circle, Mtn. View.  (415)964-0688.
Standard time, 8PM, standard rules.  Easy to find with a map.
SECOND DECEMBER MEETING (12/26)
Potluck at the home of Keith Henson and Arel Lucas, 1794 Cardel Way,
San Jose, CA.  (408)978-7616. 5PM start.  Standard party/potluck
rules: bring dinner and munchies/drinks if you come early, or just
munchies/drinks if you come at 8PM. Keith offered to fire up the BBQ,
weather permitting, but I wouldn't count on it.
NEW DIRECTIONS (road construction has made the old directions
obsolete.)  Directions: From 280, take 17 south to Camden Ave exit.
Go under freeway, follow Camden east. Turn south from Camden on Leigh,
go two lights south to Los Gatos Almaden road, left and almost to
where it ends in a T is Elrose.  Left onto Elrose and another
immediate left onto Cardel Way.  We are near the end at 1794.
NOT A DECEMBER MEETING (12/31)
Mike Ward is having a New Year's party again, and again all PenSFAns
are invited. 1181 Martin Drive, San Jose.  408-298-3269.
Future Meetings: NOTHING SCHEDULED until 3/6-MIke Ward. As always,
contact the Commander to take a date.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-11-29 07:56:20
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Remailer followup 
No-one has replied to my request for help using the
remailer at
  Remailing Service Am I the only person having trouble making this thing work??
Recall I had to use the "::" convention since I can't specify
network headers (except subject) from this system.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-11-29 07:56:36
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Secure key exchange 
On Nov 26, Mark inquired about "secure" methods of exchanging public
keys.  Apparently the only really secure method is a physical transfer
face-to-face with someone you know; or to have a key certified by
someone you trust whose key you trust. [PGP has key certification
built-in; for other implementations, just digitally sign some form
of the key to be certified].
There is no secure method of exchanging public keys using only the
net.  As far as you know all your messages, both incoming and
outgoing, are being intercepted by a "spoofer" who will substitute
his public key for yours in all outgoing messages and another public
key of his for each unique public key intercepted in incoming mail.
A few methods were discussed on Extropians of trying to get a genuine
public key distributed by outsmarting the spoofer. But if the spoofer
is smarter than you, these methods will fail.
That leaves methods which exchange, or at least verify, keys by other
means than the network.  I proposed a service to verify keys by paper
mail and (optionally) telephone.  Here is an update of what I posted.
The offer is still good.
I'd like to announce the opening of the Swank Public Key Verification
To become a customer, do the following.
1)On a piece of paper put:
   a)Your name and Network address.
   b)The "armored" ASCii form of your PGP 2.0 Public Key.
   c)(optional) Any other information you want to certify
     about yourself, such as:
      Home address.
      Mailing address (if different).
      Home phone number.
      Occupation-Work Phone-Work Address.
      "I am not a law enforcement officer or agent."
   d)"I certify the above to be true under penalty of perjury".
   e)A photocopy of your driver's license or other picture ID
     with signature.
     Actually this is a photocopy of all of the above with the
     ID on top of the original.
     [note: if you don't want to reveal your home address, you
     can cover that portion of your photo ID. Your name, photo,
     and signature must show]
   f)Your signature. (NOT photocopied)
   g)(optional). have the paper notarized.
2)E-mail to me
   edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
  An ASCII message containing Items a) through d).
  You may encrypt this with my public key (optional).
3)Mail to me at
  Edgar W. Swank
  5515 Spinnaker Dr.,   San Jose, CA 95123
Via U.S. Mail or alternate such as FedEx:
  a)The paper prepared as specified above.
  b)A self-addressed, stamped envelope.
    This could also be a pre-paid FedEx envelope.
    It could be addressed to a trusted friend if you're
    concerned your own mail may be intercepted.
  c)$1.00 cash (preferred), check, money order, etc.
    Payment by check will delay processing until check clears.
    If you don't enclose a self-addressed stamped envelope,
    enclose an extra $1.00.
That all you have to do. Then what I will do for you:
I will visually verify that the public key on the paper matches
the key I received via E-mail and that the signature on your
photocopied ID matches your original signature on the paper.
(I do not claim to be a handwriting expert).
I will send to you by return E-Mail your public key signed with
my public key.
I will send to you in the evelope you supplied (or to the address
you specify) a paper about myself constructed as described above
(but not notarized - if you want notarized send an extra $10).
This will give you a verification independent of the network
that my public key is really mine.
I will post your machine-readable ASCII record that you E-mailed to me
to Extropians and Cypherpunks (optional, specify if you DON'T want
this).  This feature is subject to no objection from Extropians and
Cypherpunks list management.
I will keep your paper on file for at least one year.
Anyone may request a photocopy of your paper (and up to three others)
by sending me $1 and a self-addressed, stamped envelope.
I will also send your machine-readable ASCII record to his
network address, if supplied.
Any customer may also phone me directly at (408)227-3471 during
reasonable hours and I will verify your/others public key(s) by
reading them over the phone.
Edgar W. Swank
5515 Spinnaker Dr., San Jose, CA 95123
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
(408)227-3471  (listed)
Cal. Drivers License MO531219
Retired from IBM -- Employee I am not a law enforcement officer or agent
Here is my PGP 2.0 Public Key:
--Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID
--pub  1024/87C0C7 1992/10/17  Edgar W. Swank --sig       67F70B              Philip R. Zimmermann -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.03
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Other Options:
If you have a listed phone number and request it, I will verify your
number through information and call you (collect) to verify the public
key you sent me.  I will add this as a notation to your electronic and
paper record.  No extra charge!
Another possible option is to use a full color photocopy of your photo
ID.  This costs about $1.00 at photocopy centers such as Photo
Drive-Up as opposed to 5 or 10 cents for an ordinary photocopy.  I
will also note this on your electronic and paper record.
So far I have zero (0) customers. Philip Zimmerman, in e-mail to me,
endorsed the idea, but he has declined to become a customer himself
even though I waived the fee for him.
Plan B is to exchange/verify public keys face-to-face at parties,
such as the PenSFA parties I previously posted info about. Rather than
bringing diskettes, I would think printed copies of (armored form)
public keys would be easy to handle. I have printed up business-card
size copies of *fragments* of my public keys with the 6-hex-digit
"Key ID".  I think it would be very difficult to generate a valid new
key pair where the public key matched the key ID and key
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1992-10-30 12:02:40
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Subscribe 
I got this address off Extropians. Sorry if there's a separate
"request" address I should be using, but I don't know what it is.
Please add me to your mailing list.
Please use one of these addresses:
               Internet: edgar at spectrx.saigon.com
                   UUCP: szebra!spectrx!edgar
The address in the network header may not work.
I'm familiar with how PGP 2.0 works, including some bugs. I'm trying
to start a low-cost public key registry, which can verify public
keys independent of the network.
Here is my signed 512-bit public key:
-----Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID
-----pub   512/4F0C47 1992/09/26  Edgar W. Swank -----sig!      67F70B 1992/10/14    Philip R. Zimmermann -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.02
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-04-12 10:29:20
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP: Re: PGP Error 
Michael Diehl wrote on April 6:
    When I use the following command line in a batch file, I get a
    Compression/ decompression error.  No files are created.  The
    contents of the batch file is:
    pgp -es %1 %2 Diehl
    Where %1 is the name of the file to send, and %2 is the other
    person's name.
    What am I doing wrong, or is ther a problem with my pgp?
I think there's a problem with PGP.  A net-friend of mine in Poland
first brought this to my attention.  He says he's already notified PGP
author Branko Lankester.  The problem's occurance seems to depend on
the file being compressed/encrypted.  Files which are already
compressed, but are not ZIP files (e.g.  ARJ files) seem to cause the
problem.  I was able to reproduce a similar problem by trying to
compress ARJ.EXE (ARJ 2.30).  In my case, the system crashed shortly
- -after- PGP exited, and some of the armored files produced (I used
- -eas) were obviously messed up.
The obvious temporary bypass is to turn off compression for files
which cause problems; not much of a penalty, since the file is already
compressed. This can be done by a (temporary) change to the CONFIG.TXT
file.  I think there may also be an (undocumented) way to do this from
the command line. Try:
  +compress=off
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-04-28 08:34:02
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP: USA-Legal PGP Project 
Derek Zahn recently posted:
    Subject: "Cypherpunks Write Code"
    Hmm, I write code -- but so far no cyphercode.
    Since I'd like to be part of the cypherdelic revolution, what code
    needs writing?  I agree that the PC/modem scrambled telephone is a
    good idea, but others are already bashing that out; there must be
    other neat projects that want doing.  Any thoughts?
Thank you, Derek!!  Yes, I have such an idea and I'm beginning work on
it myself.  Your and other Cypherpunks participation is certainly
welcome and probably essential.
At the Cypherpunks meeting on Saturday (4/24), which was called to
discuss plans to counter the "Clipper chip" announcement, we agreed
that one prong of our attack should be to get strong crypto as widely
distributed as possible.
Unfortunately, wide distribution in the USA of PGP, the most popular
product, is inhibited because it violate's RSA's patents.  PGP has
already been chased off some USA FTP Sites.  But this problem has a
solution!  I confirmed with Jim Bidzos, President of RSA, who was
present at the meeting, that a USA Legal version of PGP could be
constructed by just replacing certain sections of code with free code
from RSAREF.  Since source for both PGP and RSAREF are available, this
sounds like an easy job.  Since no-one's actually done it yet, perhaps
it's not, but I will try.  I hope I haven't bitten off more than I can
chew. At best, I can compile and test only the MSDOS version of PGP. I
will certainly need help if USA-Legal MAC, AMIGA, UNIX, etc. versions
are to be available.
Note that since RSAREF cannot be exported, the USA Legal version(s) of
PGP will not replace the current version(s) for use outside the USA.
But the two versions -will- be able to exchange keys and messages and
so the combination of the two will offer the -only- legal method of
strong crypto for communication crossing USA borders.
This is a job for USA programmers.  We can't expect the foreign
programmers currently maintaining/improving PGP to do the job for us.
First, they have no incentive to do so; the current version of PGP is
perfectly legal to use outside the USA. Second, they can't (legally)
obtain a copy of RSAREF to work with.
I plan to delimit all changes for USA legality with conditional
compile statements ( USALEGAL), so I'm hopeful that Branko,
Jean-Loup, et.al.  will consent to merge those changes back into the
master source, to reduce the pain of generating USA Legal versions of
future releases of PGP.
I invite you, Derek, and anyone interested in participating, and
-especially- anyone who has -already- started a similar project to
contact me immediately via e-mail
    edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
or by phone at (408)227-3471.  Here is an (illegal) PGP key if you
want to communicate encrypted:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-08-04 14:14:37
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Anon Bank Accounts? 
Duncan Frissell said:
    Did you know that it is still possible -- in 1993 -- to open a
    bank account in the United States in a nome de guerre?
No, I sure didn't know that.  My wife works in a bank, & she tells me
that she needs to see two forms of ID to open a new account.  So
please, Duncan, elucidate!
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-08-04 14:15:08
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Anon remailer to USENET gate bogus 
I have been experimenting the past few days with anon remailer to
    USENET gateway systems to see what the results would be -- nada.
    ...  My guess is that the usenet gateway at utexas refuses anon
    e-mail.  Anyone got any other suggestions?  I haven't tried any
    other gateways -- yet.
I had a similar experience with utexas.  It worked the first time I
tried it, but failed on a subsequent attempt.  I suspect that after
some complaint utexas was modified to reject anonymous input. Here is
my list of E-mail/Usenet gateways:
   group-name at ucbvax.berkeley.edu *  (blocked from non-bky sites)
   group-name at cs.utexas.edu       *  (was working but now blocked???)
   group-name at pws.bull.com        *  (Bounced to remailer)
   group-name at demon.co.uk
   group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com
   group.name at news.cs.indiana.edu
Note that some of these require trans-literation of periods to dashes
in the newsgroup name; others do not.  Ucbvax is supposed to block
mail from non-Berkely sites; it might work from these Cypherpunks
remailers (I haven't tried it):
   1: hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu
   2: hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
   3: hh at soda.berkeley.edu
Utexas see above, bull bounced to the (wimsey) remailer;  I haven't
tried the others yet. But I'm afraid that the utexas story will be
repeated for any gateway that continues to allow anonymous posting to
I see the obvious solution is for the Cypherpunks remailers to support
direct anonymous posting.  Certainly the programming should be
trivial. The "political" risk is something to consider, however. But
we are supposed to be the fearless leaders to crypto-anarchy.
"If not us, who? If not now, when?"
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-08-10 17:16:53
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: (fwd) Wolf's got a thing or two to say here... 
I was able to decode the message from "wolf" posted to Newsgroup
alt.sexual.abuse.recovery and then posted here by Ed Carp, who said
    Here's something I found on another newsgroup.  Any ideas what it
    is?  It was a public posting...
    I've tried uudecoding it and playing with it, running it through
    uncompress, gunzip, and pgp (all with appropriate headers, of
    course - I'm not a total idiot!), but I can't make heads or tails
    out of it.  Just curious if anyone found this familiar-looking...
Procedure for decode is:
Extract message to file xxx.asc
Add -----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE----- and
    -----END PGP MESSAGE----- to start and end of file.
Change PGP's CONFIG.TXT file to de-comment
KeepBinary = on     # Decrypt will not delete intermediate .pgp file
verbose = on        # verbose diagnostic messages
[this is probably the step Ed missed]
Then just run PGP against the file
  PGP XXX.ASC
The result will be found in XXX.PGP which is now not deleted.  I won't
repeat the long message here.  It's apparently from a fag (Wolf) who
was beat up by his lover (David) whom he had arrested. Here are the
first few lines:
  Hello friends.
  I hope you are all well.
  I am doing better today than before.
  I get a little more livelier every day.
  I am not in the mood to talk about the situation right now, though.
  I would like to first of all thank each an every one of you for
  the SCADS of mail I have recieved in response to my post about what
  happened last Monday night.
I'm not sure how this message was produced. Maybe not by PGP.
I tried reversing the encoding with pgp -a xxx.pgp, but a different
encoded file is produced, which PGP decodes with no problems.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-08-27 11:32:52
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman Press Briefing? 
Cypherpunks          I just spoke to Phil Zimmerman on the phone (8/27 about 10am).
He told me he plans to attend the Extropganza tomorrow, and
to use the occasion to hold some kind of press briefing of his just-
announce product "ViaCrypt", a commercial version of PGP.
He asked me to send out this E-mail request for all of you who
know any press people to invite them to attend.
Unfortunately, Phil was unable to tell me exactly when he expects
to arrive.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-08-30 01:23:39
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman Press Briefing? 
Cypherpunks          Phil Zimmerman is sitting here beside me now (8/29 10:50am).
He was surprised to learn people thought he wanted to do a "press
conference" at Extropaganza.  I guess that was my misunderstanding of
what I heard on the phone. He asked me to find some Bay Area
trade press reporters to talk to about his commercialization of PGP,
at anytime during his CA visit, not necessarily during the party. And
certainly nothing as presumptious as a  "press conference."
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-05 02:34:37
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: VOTE: Proposition desist 
VOTE: Proposition desist
  L. Detweiler will cease posting to the cypherpunks mailing list.  He
will no longer concern himself with the activities of those on the
cypherpunks mailing list here or on any other forum.
                     I support
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-07 04:30:19
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Security of Secure Drive 
Andrew Loewenstern commented:
    > No more Steve Jackson Games cases. I hope this happens.  Computer
    > theft and unreasonable seizure is a real problem.
    As far as I know, a system like SecureDrive, KFS, or CFS, is
    really only as secure as the running machine is.  Generally, when
    a BBS is 'seized' (forfeited?  ;), it is running when the feds get
    there.  Right now, if they have any clue (and from what I hear,
    the FBI has much more of a clue than the SS when it comes to this
    type of investigation), they usually take pictures of the setup to
    make sure they can put the machine back together when they get it
    to wherever they are taking it to.  If encrypting file-systems
    become a problem, a disk could be developed (probably pretty
    easily) to retrieve the key from memory before they power it down.
    andrew
    "Touch that keyboard and die!!"
It's fairly easy to provide a TSR on MSDOS systems to either block
booting from the keyboard or force a memory clear on reboot. I found
these examples on local BBS's:
NOFBOOT.ZIP      2647  08-28-91  Version 1.0 of Padgett Peterson's NOFBOOT.
                                 NoFBoot is a small (500  byte) TSR designed
                                 to prevent inadvertant  booting from a
                                 floppy disk.  It will intercept warm boot
                                 requests (Ctrl-Alt-Del) and check for a
                                 floppy in drive A:  before continuing.  If
                                 a floppy is found in drive A, the request
                                 will be aborted  with  a warning message.
                                 With NoFBoot, a cold  start  (reset button
                                 or cycle power) will be necessary to boot
                                 from a floppy.
BLK213.ZIP      17931  09-22-93  BootLock 2.13 09/06/93 BootLock allows you to
                                 lock out the use of [CTRL][ALT][DEL],
                                 [CTRL]C, and/or [CTRL][BREAK]. New version
                                 can be loaded as a Device Driver or TSR. You
                                 can also define a "user defined" key to lock
                                 out. BootLock can be unloaded and Loaded into
                                 Hi Memory. Shareware registration form and
                                 manual included. From Foley Hi-Tech Systems
                                 (ASP).
                                 (Files: 6 Newest: 09-06-93 Oldest: 03-05-92)
NOCADEL.ZIP     24234  07-07-93  No Boot on control-alt-delete. Simple util
                                 helps disable key boot sequence. Source
                                 included.
                                 (Files: 6 Newest: 02-07-93 Oldest: 02-06-93)
The BBS program should also be patched to re-boot instead of returning
to MSDOS on exit, and should not provide a DOS Shell.  If the FBI
agent is allowed access to an MSDOS command line, he can run a program
which will "fish" out the Secure Drive encryption key from memory.
Note that the pass phrase cannot be reconstructed from the key in
memory and its crypto difficult to reconstruct -any- pass phrase which
would duplicate the key (MD5 is a 1-way function).  But it would be
easy to construct an alternate to LOGIN which would insert the key
into SECTSR directly using hex input.
So it would be a good security practice to provide for an "emergency"
power-off in event of a "surprise" raid.  A foot switch is good for
situations when the operator is present.  This can be activated while
one's hands are in the air. Turning off power upon activation of a
burglar alarm is a good solution for unattended situations.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-10 07:04:17
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Distribution of Secure Drive 
On Nov 30, I sent a private msg to Eric Hughes asking him to put
Mike Ingle's Secure Drive program for MSDOS
   SECDRV10.ZIP    68155  11-19-93  Secure Drive 1.0 with SRC.
On the Soda.Berkeley FTP site and to advise me of its location.
I have not received any response at all.
I'm on a UUCP system, so I have to do FTP requests via an E-mail
server, which is cumbersome if one has to "fish around" for a file
one doesn't know the exact directory & filename for.
I'm aware that Mike said he hadn't submitted Secure Drive to the FTP
site because of "export concerns."  But since this site is already
distributing PGP, I wouldn't think this a "concern" to the site
So I'm asking any public-spirited Cypherpunk (perhaps even an
anonymous one) to place Secure Drive on an FTP site or a site
with an E-mail file server and to post the location of the file
either here or to me privately.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-14 16:20:41
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: MTGS: Conflict Alert 
If the Cypherpunks schedule their January '94 meeting on the 2nd
Saturday, Jan 8, that will conflict with a party announced
by visiting Exi fireman Harry (Hawk) Shapiro. Harry said:
    As I announced a month or so ago, I am holding a party on Jan 8,
    at the Shearaton Palace Hotel in San Fran.
    Jan 8th is the last day of MacWorld.  Hopefully a group of us will
    meet for dinner arround 6pm.  The party will start about 8 or
    8:30.
As I doubt either Harry or MacWorld will change their schedules for
our benefit, I suggest the Cypherpunks consider (and announce with
plenty of lead time) changing theirs to the Saturday after (Jan 15)
(The Saturday before is New Year's day).
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-16 02:20:50
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: DCASH: ACM Digital Cash Paper Available via FTP 
The following is excerpted from the Internet Business Journal
  Electronic Currency
  NetCash: A Design for Practical Electronic Currency on
  the Internet, proceedings of the First ACM Conference on
  Computer Communications Security (November 1993),
  Medvinsky, Gennady and B. Clifford Neuman. This document
  is available via FTP: prospero.isi.edu
  /pub/papers/security/netcash-cccs93.ps.Z.
Note: PostScript documents can be printed/viewed without a postscript
printer with "Ghostscript", which is available from the SIMTEL
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-20 07:24:38
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: MTGS: 1/8/94 Party only for Extropians 
Harry (Hawk) Shapiro asked me to mention:
   I appreciate your concern about the conflict but it is not an
   open party as my room can only hold a couple doz. people at best...
   I would appreciated it if you noted to the cypherpunks that it
   is a party for the Extropians mailing list only.
   /hawk
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-21 10:00:04
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: FWD: Internet without Ma Bell 
I seem to remember this subject being discussed here a few months
ago (speculating). Now here's the reality!  This was posted to
a local newsgroup on this BBS.
Here is an article from WiReD magazine, issue 1.6, December 1993 page 28.
---->8--clip here--8<--------
TUNING INTO THE NET
        Data networking is a tiresome topic at best, butmany staid
analysts in the high-tech world perked up and took notice when Microsoft
co-founder Paul Allen recently purchased US $17.5 million worth of stock in
Metricom Inc. based in Los Gatos, California, this networking company
specializes in providing low-cost, high-speed networking services over
unlicensed radio spectrum.
        Analysts call Metricom "daring," "bold," and "innovative."
Why?  It's managed to build a high-bandwidth data service over the
900-MHz band of unlicensed radio spectrum. The cost: just US$9.95 a month
for unlimited, high speed 14.4-Kbps connection or US$2.95 if all you need is a
2400-baud connection so that you can keep track of, say, your network
of coke machines(don't laugh, this is a very real application).  If
you want an ultra-speedy 56-Kbps connectivity(the kind businesses currently
pay hundreds of dollars a month for), it'll cost just US$19.95 a month.
Please go back and read those prices again.  They're not typos.
        Developed for te utility industry, Metricom's technology has
Paul Allen all aflutter because it works like the net does: Hundreds of
independent, intelligent, IP-addressable "nodes" - essentially radios
linking Metricom's network together - are hung all over the place.
Small and inexpensive, these devices can piggyback unobtrusively on
lampposts and buildings, so there's no need to rent or buy real estate for huge
radio towers (competitors like Ram Mobile Data and Ardis use licensed radio
spectrum and large transmission towers).  And Metricom's radio modems, which
mimic regular modems so computers and applications can't tell the difference,
sell for less than US$500 and will more likely than not be miniaturized from
their current size, roughly the heft of a TV remote, to PCMCIA cards,
ideal for all the PDA's we're waiting to buy.
        "It's neighborhood networking," says Paul Allen, an analyst for
Forrester Research of Cambridge, Massachusetts. "This technology has a lot
of potential."
        Flush wit Allen's cash, Metricom plans to extend it's networking
infrastructure from it's base in Silicon Valley to the rest of Northern
California, then throughout the major cities in the United States.
Metricom +1 408 399 8200 -John Battelle
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-21 10:00:07
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Distribution of Secure Drive 
On Dec 10 I posted the following:
  On Nov 30, I sent a private msg to Eric Hughes asking him to put
  Mike Ingle's Secure Drive program for MSDOS
     SECDRV10.ZIP    68155  11-19-93  Secure Drive 1.0 with SRC.
  On the Soda.Berkeley FTP site and to advise me of its location.
  I have not received any response at all.
  I'm on a UUCP system, so I have to do FTP requests via an E-mail
  server, which is cumbersome if one has to "fish around" for a file
  one doesn't know the exact directory & filename for.
  I'm aware that Mike said he hadn't submitted Secure Drive to the FTP
  site because of "export concerns."  But since this site is already
  distributing PGP, I wouldn't think this a "concern" to the site
  administration.
  So I'm asking any public-spirited Cypherpunk (perhaps even an
  anonymous one) to place Secure Drive on an FTP site or a site
  with an E-mail file server and to post the location of the file
  either here or to me privately.
So far I still haven't heard from Eric. I did get two responses.
The first was anonymous and sent me a copy of Secure Drive with
a request for me to post it to foreign FTP site(s). The second
was a request from a foreign site for me to send them a copy.
Perhaps I didn't state my desires clearly enough.
I already have a copy of Secure Drive.  I would like to get it
uploaded to a -USA- FTP site (like soda.berkeley) or e-mail
fileserver site.  In my (non-professional) opinion, this is completely
I would rather not -unnecessarily- break the ITAR law (or even openly
conspire to do so), by sending Secure Drive overseas myself.
Once Secure Drive is on a domestic FTP site, some furriner may hear
about it and flout our sacred law and have a copy sent to him.  But
that won't be my fault.
Matt Blaze commented on Dec 16:
    Please, please don't do this without checking with the author of
    the package first.  He went out of his way to say that he doesn't
    want to a make it available for ftp because he doesn't want to
    deal with potential export problems.  So respect his wishes; it's
    his work, after all.
I must politely but strongly disagree!  My recollection of Mike
Ingle's comment is that Mike said that -he- had not acted to put
Secure Drive onto a domestic FTP site.  He has -not- said that anyone
- -else- could not do so.
I suspect that by "checking with the author ... first", you would put
Mike in the position of having to go on record as either approving or
disapproving placement on a domestic FTP site, which he so far has
managed to avoid doing!
Mike is free to jump in here if he -wants- to go on record.  I hope he
will just pretend he didn't see this series of posts so he can
maintain his plausible deniability that he approved allowing SD to
"leak" overseas like PGP did.
You all recall that Mike asked testers of the Beta version of Secure
Drive not to ship it overseas or even distribute it at all. But I, at
least, was -not- asked to agree to those conditions for the -release-
1.0 version and I did not.  I have good records of my correspondence
with Mike & can quote it if challenged.
I will quote Mike briefly.  This is his response to my suggestion for
a cosmetic change to LOGIN and CRYPTDSK:
    Me:
    >I wish I had gotten this to you sooner.  At least make sure it
    >gets in the next release, please.
    Mike:
    Ok, the next release (if I do it; I'm hoping the net will take
    this over the way it took over PGP) will also include ...
Well, when the "net" took over PGP, it "leaked" overseas, didn't it.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-28 11:37:33
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Secure Drive Distribution 
After reading Mike Ingle's post of Dec 21, I withdraw my request for a
"public-spirited Cypherpunk (perhaps even an anonymous one) to place
Secure Drive on an FTP site or a site with an E-mail file server."
Mike said:
    If you do this [upload Secure Drive to an FTP or mailserver site],
    please make it a U.S./Canada only site.
If you mean a site -in- the USA/Canada, no problem.  If you mean a
site which will not send files outside the USA/Canada, I don't think
there is any such animal.  The only site even -attempting- to restrict
service I've heard of is RSA.com, which distributes RSAREF. And I
think it would be rather easy to spoof.
A foreigner can easily login to any public -domestic- internet BBS
with just an international phone call, giving him a domestic-looking
net address.
Even if you distribute every copy yourself, Mike, you are not immune
from this kind of "spoofing."
    >So far I still haven't heard from Eric. I did get two responses.
    >The first was anonymous and sent me a copy of Secure Drive with
    >a request for me to post it to foreign FTP site(s). The second
    >was a request from a foreign site for me to send them a copy.
    I'd like to see more about this, in private mail if you don't want
    to post it to the list.
Not much to tell. I didn't keep copies of either request. I think the
non-anon one was from Australia, maybe.
    The non-distribution of the beta was because I had no way to check
    it, and it could easily have eaten hard drives.  I did say in the
    ad that you were not to export, although I didn't make anyone send
    a statement.  Maybe I should have.
Perhaps. But the ad says:
    This program may be freely distributed within the U.S.  and
    Canada; do not export it.
and the docs say:
    Exporting this program.  This program is for use in the US and
    Canada only.  Cryptography is export controlled, and sending this
    program outside the country may be illegal.  Don't do it.
Fine.  But "freely distributed in the USA & Canada" would include
uploading it to domestic BBS's & anon. FTP sites by my interpretation
of English. If a foreigner enters the country and smuggles a copy home
with him, whether he does it physically or electronically, he is
committing the criminal act; not whoever uploaded SD and certainly not
On the Hacker matter Mike said:
    They are going to attempt to break Secure Drive.  He asked me to
    write a program which will take a list of passphrases and test
    them quickly to run a passphrase attack.  I had a few qualms about
    writing a program to crack someone's data, but I don't think it
    really matters.  Unless the hacker chose a very lame key, they
    don't have a prayer in hell.
By all means, go ahead & write the program to their specs.!  Of
course, as a "forensic software consultant" you're entitled to a fee.
I would say a minimum of $100/hour is "fair."  After they try that
for a while, you can offer an improvement that will try "more keys
of a smaller possible set faster" by just trying the 2^128 keys
directly without bothering with a passphrase, along with a mod to
LOGIN which will insert a binary key directly rather than use MD5
on a passphrase.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-12-31 12:28:47
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Reveal your key or else. 
Mike Ingle had some good thoughts:
    Since the Canadian case, there's been a lot of talk about the
    problem of being coerced to reveal your key.  If the coercers play
    by no rules whatsoever, there isn't much you can do.  If they
    suspect you of having encrypted data, they will beat it out of
    you.  ...
Hypnosis might offer a defense here.  A post-hypnotic suggestion could
make it impossible for you to remember the passphrase in a coercive
situation.  Even better, you would remember -very clearly- an
-incorrect- passphrase unrelated to the correct one.  The more
stressful the situation, the more you could think of -nothing else.-
You could then put on a convincing performance that you are baffled
why the passphrase you are "sure" is the right one doesn't work any
    Steganography can hide your data, but then you have the steg
    program itself.  If they find the program, they have reasonable
    grounds for assuming you have hidden data, ...
Then better hide the steg program.  A good design would be like LZEXE,
that would attach itself to any program, and would just pass through
any command line except a pass phrase. It would require highly skilled
analysis to detect the steg program hidden in, say, your GIF viewer or
WAV player.
This takes nothing away from Mike's suggestion of having different
passphrases access different data.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-02-13 03:08:21
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: anonymous script 
My thanks to Karl Barrus.  I'm one of the MSDOS users and I appreciate
his effort in providing an MSDOS script for anonymous remailing.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-02-28 16:44:46
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi hacking 
On Feb 23, Hal said:
    Unless Eli's suggestion works - having our remailers put out a
    random "From:"  line (perhaps just on mail to Penet?)  might cause
    Penet to issue a new pseudonym for that apparent new user.  This
    would be kind of wasteful from Penet's perspective - all those
    pseudonyms are never going to be re-used.  But it might allow this
    form of chaining, without compromising the pseudonym of the
    remailer operator.
I would be cautious about a random "From:" line.  I think penet will
probably reject input that at least has does not have a valid (but not
necessarily truthful) return address.
For a while, Miron Cuperman's wimsey remailer was generating a bogus
chaining this to penet to post to newsgroups, but my anonymous
messages never appeared in the newsgroups.  This was because,
I think, penet sends a confirmation back to the sender. Since
"kremlin.vax" is not in penet's net tables, this would cause
the confirmation send to fail; my hypothesis is that this also
causes the newsgroup post at penet to fail.
One good From address to generate, at least for wimsey, would be
        pool0 at extropia.wimsey.com
but you would need to add some boilerplate explaining to the
recipient that "pool0" is a group address and a return message may
be seen by up to (number? 10-100?) persons unless it is encrypted.
Wimsey could also establish its own penet password and automatically
insert it whenever it detected a "to" address ending in penet.fi.
It could also substitute the penet anonxxxx address for "pool0" in the
above boilerplate. This would allow a penet return to pool0. Note that
I don't mind too much if people know that they can reach Edgar Swank
through pool0, because pool0 is also an address for many other people,
so I can "plausibly deny" that any particular message addressed to
pool0 is for me.
I'd like to point out that so far the wimsey remailer is the only
useful remailer from my point of view because it's the only one
which allows me to delete the automatic sig.  This is because it
only forwards encrypted text and discards any appended unencrypted
The other remailers were supposed to add a "kill line" to do the
same thing, but as far as I know this never happened.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-01-01 17:10:34
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: A solution remailer signature suppression 
Hugh Daniels said here on Dec 28:
    There are very good reasons to build remailers (and all mail
    tools) to pass on all the bytes they can, trailing spaces and
    .sigs included.
Hugh doesn't say what these reasons are.  They are not obvious to me,
so I must disagree. I've already stated what I think are good reasons
at least for remailers whose purpose is anonymity to remove automatic
sigs which are likley to destroy anonymity.
I've said I would accept either a less ambiguous sig delimiter than
"--" or a remailer option to remove the sig (default) or leave it in.
    Might I sugjest that we set up the remailers with a feature where
    it tests mail sent from its owner to make sure there is no
    "compromising" content and that the outer shell verifies
    correctly, if it fails either of these tests it is dumped in a
    file and a note returned to you saying someings not right.
Hugh doesn't say what criteria we are to use to detect "compromising"
content (short of genuine AI) or what the outer shell is supposed to
verify to.  Why limit this test to the remailers "owner"?
This system I use doesn't allow me to run my own software, so I
think this idea wouldn't work for me, in any case.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-01-04 17:02:47
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Return addresses 
Hal Finney wrote here on Dec 30:
    Chaum's idea was that the message contents would be encrypted at
    each step, as Eric suggests, but Chaum would have the encryption
    key be part of the anonymous address, created by the same person
    who made the anonymous address.  The idea would be, after
    decrypting the incoming message, the remailer would see something
    like:
        Anon-To:         Encrypt-With:     It would then encrypt the message "contents" (but not the
    "envelope", as Eric points out) using the specified key.  When the
    owner of the anonymous address received the message, he would
    decrypt it using the chain of "Encrypt-With" keys that he put into
    the anonymous address.
I'd like to point out that the "-ca" function of PGP could be used
to perform this function if Encrypt-With: specified a PGP pass-phrase
rather than a direct key.  I'd also like to suggest that the message-
body to be encrypted require heading and trailing delimiters such as:
-----BEGIN MESSAGE BODY-----
-----END MESSAGE BODY-----
Note delimiters would not be part of message body and would not
be encrypted.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-01-06 10:12:35
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Remailer .sig suppressio 
I was glad to read Hal's comments of Jan 2 about sig suppression and
his anecdote about trying to chain the penet and pax remailers.
I was not aware til now that the penet sig test was any line which
*starts with* "--". A more appropriate test would be any line
*consisting of only* "--" (exactly two dashes).  Do you know if the
pax sig test is the same as penet's?
I can't imagine any solution to your problem which does not involve
changing either the remailer (tighter sig test) or PGP (recognize
either ----- or - --- as starting a PGP message or key delimiter).
The best solution so far appears to be Miron Cuperman's remailer
which is similar to (based on) the cypherpunks remailer, but
*requires* encrypted input and does not remail any unencrypted text
which might preceed or follow the encrypted text.
But some modification of Miron's remailer to process trailing
plaintext seems to be necessary for ARA.  I hope it will include some
recognition of a well-defined unambiguous text delimiter such as

@_date: 1993-01-09 14:58:45
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Trailing blanks in signed plaintext 
Cypherpunks             Branko Lankester     I noticed something about PGP signed plaintext the last time
used that feature to send a message to Cypherpunks.
Apparently PGP takes any line beginning with 5 dashes ("-----")
and adds "- " (dash blank) to it. I guess the purpose for this
is to avoid confusion if the plaintext message should contain
a PGP delimiter like
   edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-01-09 15:00:34
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Delimiting text body in ARA 
On Jan 5, Hal commented on my suggestions for ARA using a
Miron Cuperman remailer.
    > I'd also like to suggest that the message- body to
    > be encrypted require heading and trailing
    > delimiters such as:
    >
    > -----END MESSAGE BODY-----
Only the text between these two delimiter lines will be received
by the original sender, so your anonymity will be protected too.
Note that this elegantly takes care of discarding the automatic sig
of the responder, if any.
Some here, like Richard Childers, don't want to protect users who
might not understand that they need to suppress their automatic sig
to maintain their anonymity with a remailer.  People who run
remailers have to be pretty gutsy anyway.  They may get sued by
disgruntled recipients of abusive or threatening anon msgs. It
seems to me they don't also need to risk being sued by disgruntled
message senders (or responders) who are embarassed (or worse) by
inadvertantly revealing their identity in what they intended as an
anonymous message.
Note that your average civil jury is not going to be terribly
computer-literate.  Even a suit which loses is going to cost a
lot to defend against.
As to Hal's other suggestion:
    If we do process the message body with encryption at each stage, I
    do have an idea which could be useful.  If the body which is being
    encrypted is already in the format of an ASCII-encoded message
    using the standard RFC822 encryption used in PGP, RIPEM and PEM,
    then rather than just encrypting it it could be de-ASCII'd, then
    encrypted, then re-ASCII'd.  This would keep it from increasing in
    size by a factor of 4/3 at each encryption step.
Sound's like a good idea, but it's not going to save anywhere near
1/3 (4/3 - 1), at least with PGP, since (recall) PGP (at least by
default) compresses before it encrypts.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-01-25 14:58:27
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: public servant privacy 
My friend Dave del Torto said recently:
    Tim May notes (appropriately) that:
    >>Strong crypto means even Ollie North can fully protect his
    >>records.
    Yes, but shouldn't he be _required_ to "open" his files if he is
    under criminal investigation just like a drug-dealer who's
    required to open the locked trunk of his car?
Actually, the drug dealer is *not* required to open his locked car
trunk.  But he might as well, otherwise the police (with search
warrent) will force it open, probably causing some damage which they
will not pay to repair.
There doesn't seem to be any practical way to "force open" a
(strongly) encrypted message without the key.  Failure to produce the
key when ordered might be an excuse for firing a govt. employee, but
it can't be the basis for a criminal prosecution (5th Amendment).
"Murdering Thug" further commented:
    Well, there are really two conflicting issues here:
    1) The Fifth Amendment - the right not to testify against
       yourself, hence the Miranda warning when you're arrested.  You
       can claim that being forced to decrypt your hard disk by the
       cops violates your Fifth Amendment rights, and refuse to
       decrypt it.
    2) Obstruction of Justice - by not handing over the key to your
       hard disk, you may be obstructing an investigation.  By not
       decrypting your hard disk under court order, you maybe be held
       in contempt of court.
    Number 2 may work for law enforcement if they are investigation a
    third party and ask to see your hard disk in order to help their
    investigation.  A good example is an Internet site that is being
    used as a telnet launch-pad by some hacker.  If that site refuses
    to cooperate and keeps their files encrypted, the police/court may
    charge you with obstruction of justice or contempt of court.
    HOWEVER, if you feel that by decrypting these files, you would be
    providing testimony/evidence against yourself, you can plead the
    5th, and tell them to go screw themselves.
Pleading the 5th will fail if you are offered *immunity* from
prosecution for anything you reveal (as Ollie North was, recall, for
his testimony before Congress). If you still don't want to testify (to
avoid providing damaging evidence against your friends, for example)
your next line of defense is "I forget".  Very hard for the prosecutor
to prove beyond reasonable doubt that you really remember that secret
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-01-27 03:42:17
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: a few good weasels 
Dave del Torto said here:
    A world of absolutes is not a fun world and it's not a safe world.
    Someone's gotta break the rules every once in a while or we all go
    down the tubes.  Of course, I _personally_ would _never_ break any
    of the fine laws of our beloved nation, but I know deep in my
    heart (but not anywhere on my hard disks) that such brave people
    exist and that the effect of their less-than-legal efforts is the
    delicate equilibrium in which we continue to prosper and innovate.
I agree completely.  So would Ollie North, who is a fine example of
"such brave people".
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-07-12 02:54:22
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: "Data Haven" def 
Patrick E. Hykkonen Inquired:
    Could someone please define a 'data haven'?  I understand digitial
    cash, it is exactly what it sounds like.  However, in the context
    I've heard data haven used in, then there is much more than simply
    keeping one's data encrypted on your local hard drive.
Webster's Seventh New Coll. Dict.:
    Haven: 1: HARBOR, PORT  2: A place of safety  :ASYLUM
My analysis:
A "data haven" is some entity where data can be placed and have some
assurance against either accidental or deliberate destruction.
Encrypted data on your hard disk is safe enough against -disclosure-,
but is very vulnerable to destruction, either accidental or
Certain individuals and governments have such strong views on certain
forms of data that they will destroy them if they even suspect
encryption is hiding such data.
A data haven would ensure such data could not be destroyed without
permission of its owner. The owner might or might not permit
distribution of the data either free or for a fee.
Examples of data at risk for deliberate destruction:
Pornography, especially child ponography.  According to recent news,
a BBS in Denmark (Holland?) may be a data haven for that.
Politically incorrect programs.  For example, the German government is
trying (and may have succeeded) to destroy all copies of a game
program called "Concentration Camp Commander".  This was on the news a
few months ago.
The USA would be a data haven for this program, generally speaking,
since as political speach it would be protected by the First
Amendment. (But I don't know if any copies have ever made it here; I
net-chat with a few people in Europe & none of them have ever heard of
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-07-16 09:32:42
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: OPIN: PGP: When to sign keys 
I'm having a philosophical problem regarding when to sign someone
    else's public key.
    Obviously, if you watch someone generate a key, and they physically
    hand you a copy of it, you should sign it.  Fortunately, life has
    been this good to me about 5 times.  But what if life isn't so
    good?
    Lets say someone emails me a key and the return address matches
    that of the address in the key.  Do I assume no one is spoofing
    me?
Bad idea! The danger is not especially that the person you're talking
to isn't who he says he is.  Chances are you've never met him and
never will.  The danger is that a third person is intercepting
messages and substituting his own keys.  This allows him to monitor
your encrypted traffic, which is what encryption is supposed to
My own rule for signing keys is that there must be a key verification
independent of the net.  i.e. nothing received by e-mail can be
depended on to verify a key. If you live any distance from the other
person, the most economical method is by postal mail.  I will sign
keys when I receive a mailed photocopy of any "official" picture ID,
along with a signed statement containing the key "fingerprint" (-kvc),
which matches the fingerprint of a key received via e-mail. You can
mail a letter anywhere in the world for less than $1.00. Any "spoofer"
short of governments (at either end) or organized crime will have a
hard time intercepting much less altering letter mail.
Another possibility is a phone verification.  The person who will be
signing the key should call the owner of the key at a -listed- phone
number (use the out-of-town phone books at the library, or check with
information at (xxx)555-1212.)  Don't rely on a phone number in
e-mail; it could be the spoofer's.  Once again, though, a government
or OC could arrange to intercept/divert incoming phone calls.
I also carry business-card-size pieces of paper with my name, net
address, and key fingerprint, with me.  I give them out at parties, or
anytime I physically meet someone who is on the net.  Person's
receiving the paper can use it to verify that the key I send them via
e-mail has the same fingerprint as on the paper.  Ideally, anyone
giving you such a card should also show you a driver's license or
other picture ID, before expecting you to go home and sign his key.
Phil Zimmerman has endorsed the idea of mail and phone verification;
this is the main reason the key fingerprint feature was added to PGP.
Phil signed my key based on a phone call.  Based on mail verification
I just signed a key from Taiwan! I've also signed two keys from
Germany with mail verification.
There are those (e.g. Perry Metzker) who think this standard is too
loose.  Opinions differ.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-07-16 09:32:46
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: DCASH: Two Digital Cash Reports Available 
I have two reports on new ideas for digital cash which I retrieved
from Amsterdam.  Both are in PostScript format.  I have a hardcopy of
the larger one kindly supplied by mail by the author, Stephen Brands.
If there is any interest, I will bring both soft and hard-copies
to the next Physical Meeting, which I presume will take place
on the 2nd Sat of August, 8/8, noon, at Cygnus in Mtn. View.
(I didn't see any announcement/agenda for the July meeting, but
I understand it occurred anyway).
Here are summaries of the reports:
[Newsgroup sci.crypt]
Post: 1070 of 1149
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Organization: CWI, Amsterdam
Lines: 60
I recently published a new privacy-protecting off-line electronic cash
system as a technical report at CWI. Being a PhD-student at David
Chaum's cryptography-group, our group has a long history in research
in the field of privacy-protecting cash systems.
The report is called CS-R9323.ps.Z, contains 77 pages, and can be
retrieved from
ftp.cwi.nl   (192.16.184.180)
from the directory pub/CWIreports/AA.
The postscript-file is suitable for 300dpi laserprinters.
ABSTRACT (from coverpage): We present a new off-line electronic cash
system based on a problem, called the representation problem, of which
little use has been made in literature thus far. Our system is the
first to be based entirely on discrete logarithms.  Using the
representation problem as a basic concept, some techniques are
introduced that enable us to construct protocols for withdrawal and
payment that do not use the cut and choose methodology of earlier
systems. As a consequence, our cash system is much more efficient in
both computation and communication complexity than any such system
proposed previously.
Another important aspect of our system concerns its provability.
Contrary to previously proposed systems, its correctness can be
mathematically proven to a very great extent. Specifically, if we
make one plausible assumption concerning a single hash-function, the
ability to break the system seems to imply that one can break the
Diffie-Hellman problem.
Our system offers a number of extensions that are hard to achieve in
previously known systems. In our opinion the most interesting of these
is that the entire cash system (including all the extensions) can be
incorporated in a setting based on wallets with observers, which has
the important advantage that double-spending can be prevented in the
first place, rather than detecting the identity of a double-spender
after the fact. In particular, it can be incorporated even under the
most stringent requirements conceivable about the privacy of the user,
which seems to be impossible to do with previously proposed systems.
Another benefit of our system is that framing attempts by a bank have
negligible probability of success (independent of computing power) by
a simple mechanism from within the system, which is something that
previous solutions lack entirely. Furthermore, the basic cash system
can be extended to checks, multi-show cash and divisibility, while
retaining its computational efficiency.
Cryptographers are challenged to try to break this system!
I made a particular effort to keep the report as self-contained as
possible.  Nevertheless, if you have any questions, please e-mail to
me and I will try to reply as good as I can. Any comments are also
Stefan Brands,

@_date: 1993-07-20 01:15:32
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: OOPS! 
On July 15, I posted here:
   If there is any interest, I will bring both soft and hard-copies
   to the next Physical Meeting, which I presume will take place
   on the 2nd Sat of August, 8/8, noon, at Cygnus in Mtn. View. ...
Of course that should have read
   on the 2nd Sat of August, 8/14, noon, at Cygnus in Mtn. View. ...
                            ^^^^^^
Sorry if this error caused any confusion.  It's not my fault; All the
blame falls on my computer calendar which just has "S" for both
Saturday and Sunday.  (:}
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-07-20 01:15:41
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP: "Stealth" mode 
Many encryption tools such as ripem, pgp, and dolphin can
    recognize their own output...which indicates that there is a
    footprint to that particular implimentation.
There has been discussion among us PGP developers (I guess I am one
now; see my recent posts to alt.security.pgp) of implementation of
a "stealth" option, which would remove all the identifying footprints
from encrypted output.
RSA-Encrypted files would start with the (random) IDEA key followed
by IDEA-encrypted data.
Conventionally encrypted files (-c) would contain only encrypted data.
Possibly the armor format wouldn't change, since PGP can be used
to convert any binary file to armored form (-a). But it would probably
be better to convert PGP binary output to e-mailable form using a
common external utility like UUENCODE to make it look even more
ordinary, especially if you change the UUENCODE BEGIN statement
to specify, say, xxx.ZIP instead of XXX.PGP.
Of course, the UUDECODED file wouldn't be recognized by PKUNZIP. "Oh,
what a shame, the file must have got corrupted somewhere on the net".
That's the easy part.
The hard part is designing decryption procedures. PGP would have
to prompt something like:
"unrecognized input file. May be stealth mode. Select procedure
   1. Assume RSA file with your default secret key
   2. "     "       " Prompt for userid of secret key to try.
   3. "     "       " try all your secret keys (may be impractical on
                      slower CPU's)
   4. Assume conventional file. prompt for pass phrase."
Also note that for each secret key tried, PGP must prompt for its
pass phrase. Of course, once decryption is successful, then the
usual footprints can be there for signatures and compression.
AFAIK, this idea is still just in the talking stage.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-03-06 04:24:28
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Kill lines 
I agree with Eli Brandt that Chael Hall's simple implementation of
a standard "kill" line is preferable to the complicated "Regexp"
specification.  I could manage it, but I agree with Eli that many
could not.
Eli offers an alternative of
   Signature-Lines: Assuming that this can be inserted in the body of the message with
the :: convention as well as among the headers, this is acceptable,
but is still more complicated than the "kill line".  The proper
number for "signature-lines" will have to be found by trial and
error, by sending messages to oneself.
One caveat here.  Any remailer which implements "signature-lines" will
have to -remove- that line from the header (or change  to
zero) when it removes the  of signature lines from the end of
the body.
Otherwise, a chain of "signature-lines" remailers would -each-
see the "signature-lines" header and would -each- remove lines from the end of the message body.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-03-15 18:27:48
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP: PGP & WAFFLE?? 
The SYSOP of this system posted the following enquiry to me:
    I've heard that there is a program to allow pgp stuff online with
    waffle; if you know of such a thing, please point me towards it.
    I'd like to be able to secure this site for people who want it.
I haven't heard of any such program, but if you have, please reply
by E-mail to
  edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-03-25 09:44:17
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: REMAIL:  Whence Remailers? 
With the unfortunate recent forced demise of the penet.fi
remailer,  The Cypherpunks remailers now seem to be the
only holdouts.  So where do we go from here?  Is anyone
feeling intimidated yet?
Chael Hall has implemented an "--ignore--" kill line in his
remailer, which I have verified works.  I wish you other
remailer operators (except Miron Cuperman) would adopt
that hack into your own remailers.  You also might help
Chael integrate PGP into his remailer; he says he's having
Another feature I've asked for is ability to post to newsgroups
through the remailers.  With the demise of penet.fi, this becomes
more urgent.  I've been told that one can post anonymously by
using Cypherpunks remailers in conjunction with a non-anonymous
e-mail server newsgroup poster like ucbvax.berkeley.edu.
The instructions I've received say to
Send to, e.g., sci-crypt at ucbvax.berkeley.edu to post to sci.crypt.
But what about newsgroups which contain dashes in the name, such
as "rec.video.cable-tv"; how does one encode the ucbvax address
for those.  Anyone who knows, please post or send e-mail.
But adding code to the current remailers to post instead of
mail by using say,
  ::
  Request-Reposting-To:  [newsgroup]
should be pretty easy, shouldn't it??
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-03-27 07:44:18
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP:  Key Updates 
I'm re-posting my 512 and 1024 bit public keys.  They haven't
changed, but some new signatures have been added.

@_date: 1993-03-27 07:44:22
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: REMAIL:  "Stealth" Remailers 
In the wake of the forced demise of penet.fi, Dave del Torto
    >>> The anonymous service at anon.penet.fi has been closed down.
    This is a dark day indeed.  The forces of Repression are upon us
    yet again.
    OK, where do we set up the next one?  I guess the solution here is
    to have a floating set of difficult-to-detect anon remailers and
    switch between them regularly.
I have an idea for making remailers more difficult to find. This
applies only to systems where the remailer operator owns the
system, such as at wimsey.com.  (But a "system" can be just
a PC/XT with hard disk and modem - maybe under $1000).
Where the remailer operator controls the system, it's easy to
"forge" net headers. The problem is that once you send mail,
other systems are going to add "Received:" lines to the net
headers that point back to you.  I don't know how to stop this
once the mail leaves your control.
But it should be possible to add -extra- "Received:" headers,
indicating you received the message from some system "behind" you.
Should the "net police" trace an "offensive" message back to you,
you can point to the added net headers and say, "Oh, but this came
from -him-, not -me-; -I'm- just an innocent forwarder (not remailer)
of this message.  That SOB down at the end there must be running one
of those infernal remailers; Go get him!!"  By the way, these phony
added headers should all have -real- system names.
It's fairly easy to trace messages along the "mainline" internet,
because those are all "hard-wired" leased lines.  But there's another
class of system called UUCP which sends and receives messages over the
- -switched- network (ordinary dialup telephone lines).  Many of the
mainline systems accept UUCP accounts, so UUCP systems usually have
the same internet connectivity as the mainline systems for E-mail.
(They can't do FTP and Telnet).  Furthermore, UUCP systems can allow
other systems UUCP accounts, creating long chains over the dial-up
net.  Furthermore, a UUCP system can be set up with a minimal
investment in hardware.
A single hardware system can be -many- different UUCP "systems" by
just dialing into different UUCP "accounts".  A good strategy
is to accept mail for remailing at one well-publicized UUCP
address, but -never- use that same account for -sending- remailed
mail. Just use one of several -other- UUCP accounts for that,
adding phony "From:" and "Received:" net headers as explained above.
Be generous in accepting UUCP accounts from other systems; don't take
too much trouble verifying the registration info they give you.  Once
they've been on a while, start using their names in the phony
"Received:"  headers you generate.
Well, I'm not an expert on either the net or the "Waffle" software
used to run small UUCP systems (like this one).  But perhaps the
above ideas will prove useful to those of you who are.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-05-03 14:35:33
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
The conflict between RSA and PGP -may- be about to be solved. You all may
recall my "announcement" of an effort to create a USA-Legal version of
PGP by incorporating RSAREF code.  Among several offers to help, I
received the following messages:
I'm sorry Mr. Bidzos didn't tell  you, but the PGP development group is
already looking very seriously into integrating RSAREF, and one person
phr at america.Telebit.COM (Paul Rubin) has already done it. If you would
like to join the list send mail to prz at sage.cgd.ucar.EDU (Philip
Message-Id: <9304290232.AA10138 at america.TELEBIT.COM>
Not quite true.  RSAREF's license requires that the RSAREF routines
be called only in certain ways unless special permission is obtained.
Calling the RSAREF routines in the generally permitted manner won't
work with PGP because PGP's file format is different than what RSAREF
expects.  PGP needs to call RSAREF in a non-standard way which is
easy technically, but needs special permission from Bidzos.  Attempts
to get such permission have thus far been inconclusive.
I am msging Phil Z. to ask to be placed on "the list".  I'm also
trying to get more details from Paul Rubin, offering my assistance,
and forwarding to him the other offers of assistance I received.
It remains to be seen whether RSA's witholding of permission to use
non-standard interfaces to RSAREF is reasonable or designed to be
obstructive.  When we find out, I think we should choose sides (if we
-need- to choose sides) accordingly.  It looks like the PGPers have
made a good faith effort to at least meet RSA halfway.
A "PGP-like" "consumer" crypto product which does not exchange keys
and messages with PGP will -not- be acceptable. Any such product
produced here will almost certainly be export restricted. I am -not-
willing to give up my present ability to exchange keys and encrypted
data with PGP users outside the USA. (I'm currently exchanging
encrypted e-mail with persons in Poland(!!), Germany, and Taiwan).
PGP is currently an -international- standard, and, because of ITAR,
it's likely to be the -only- international standard for a long time to
Note that current PGP is legal outside the USA -only- for
non-commercial purposes (Phil Zimmerman's "copyleft").  If a
USA version is approved by RSA, it will be legal only for
non-commercial use inside the USA (RSA's patents & copyrights on
If PGP becomes popular (even more so than at present, it's already the
leader) worldwide for individual non-commercial use, businesses are
going to want a PGP-compatible product they can use for exchanging
encrypted data with their (non-business) -customers-.
For example, encryption is a good idea if you're ordering merchandise
with your credit-card number.
Jim Bidzos has told me that Phil Z. or anyone else can get a license
from RSA for $20,000 plus minimum $10,000/yr. royalties.  If we say we
don't want to spend more than 50% of our revenues on licensing, then
if Phil can get $60,000 of firm orders for a -commercial- USA version
of PGP, he's in (a very profitable) business.  $60,000 might be 600
copies at $100 or six site licenses at $10,000.
Also, if a -foreign- software producer wants to license a commercial
version of PGP useable only overseas, he only needs to deal with Phil
(& maybe the other PGP co-authors).  But the effect of this would just
be to increase the market for a USA commercial version (for businesses
who wanted to exchange encrypted data with other businesses, or their
own subsidiaries, overseas).
I guess anyone who wants to can get onto Phil's list. I'd prefer if
you all didn't bombard Paul Rubin with E-mail.  I'll post more details
of this project here as I get them (unless I'm asked not to).
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-05-08 19:48:05
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Correction! 
In part of my long post dated May 3, Subject:
   PGP: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security
I said:
    Jim Bidzos has told me that Phil Z. or anyone else can get a
    license from RSA for $20,000 plus minimum $10,000/yr.  royalties.
    If we say we don't want to spend more than 50% of our revenues on
    licensing, then if Phil can get $60,000 of firm orders for a
    -commercial- USA version of PGP, he's in (a very profitable)
    business.  $60,000 might be 600 copies at $100 or six site
    licenses at $10,000.
Upon reviewing my records, I find I didn't remember those figures
correctly.  The above -should- have read:
    Jim Bidzos has told me that Phil Z. or anyone else can get a
    license from RSA for $25,000 plus minimum $10,000/yr.  royalties.
                         ^^^^^^^
    If we say we don't want to spend more than 50% of our revenues on
    licensing, then if Phil can get $70,000 of firm orders for a
    -commercial- USA version of PGP, he's in (a very profitable)
    business.  $70,000 might be 700 copies at $100 or seven site
    licenses at $10,000.
My apologies to Jim Bidzos for misquoting him; however, the basic
point of the paragraph that a commercial license is not too far out of
reach remains valid.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Silicon Valley, Ca

@_date: 1993-05-21 14:48:56
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: LISTBIZ: Unsub during my abscence/USA-Legal PGP 
Cypherpunks Request     Cypherpunks          Please stop sending the Cypherpunks mailing list to
   edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
until further notice.  I anticipate rejoining the list soon after
my wife and I return from travel abroad around the end of June.
(Since I'm retired I guess I can't say "vacation" or "holiday", can
For the general list:
I would greatly appreciate it if someONE would save to E-mail me after
my return any postings here or to alt.security.pgp about the progress
of the USA-Legal PGP project or availability, or any response by Jim
Bidzos or RSA to Phil Z's letter of early this month, asking
permission to use non-standard RSAREF entry points.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-11-04 16:37:41
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Allegations of PGP Weaknesses 
A few days ago, Victor Borisov posted here the following allegations
or rumors about "weaknesses" in PGP.
    >He made same program (LanCrypto).  That why, I hear only bad
    >words from he.  :)  You can read about this program in
    >cypherpunks.  >From other KGB-men, I hear, that prophesor
    >Sidelnicov (the well known cryptoanalisist from Russia) saw,
    >that PGP has some weak places:
    > - random number is`t "good" random number.
    > - md5 has hole (but here man lapse into salence:( ).
    > - PGP for DOS don`t have any anti-overloking tools.
    >
    >BTW:  LanCrypto play on last weakness:  thay wrote litle
    >resident DOS program.  This program crack PGP and than pgp
    >sign (and check) only part of message.  LanCrypto public
    >this resalt in buziness newspaper and show program on the
    >big computer-show.  I think this is rough market, but it
    >work well (as all, that KGB made:))!!!
Since then, I have checked with other members of the PGP development
team and here is a summary of what they (and I) say:
    The random number handling in PGP was beefed up in the 2.2
    release.  We don't know if there were any real weaknesses before
    that, but the improvements were added anyway.  We suspect that if
    there were any problems, they are gone now.  The guy who
    complained about it, Dr.  Sidelnikov, never cooperated with
    requests for details on what he found wrong with PGP.  In fact, he
    was pointedly uncooperative when contacted with questions asking
    him for details.
    If MD5 has a hole, we'd like to know about it.  It would be
    publishable in any crypto journal.  At Eurocrypt93, someone did
    find some slight weakness in MD5, but in realistic situations,
    this would not be a significant weakness.  Future versions of PGP
    may use the SHA hash algorithm, instead of MD5.  MD5 should be
    kept around for backwards compatibility.  MD5 is still a good hash
    function, and the weaknesses found were not applicable to any
    real-world uses of it.
    An old version of PGP did not detect if material was appended to a
    signed message.  This was a bug that was fixed, around version
    2.2, or maybe 2.1, I'm not sure which.
    We're not quite sure what "anti-overlooking" tools are, but based
    on Boris' example, we guess it would be code added 1) to insure
    that the code is unmodified and 2) make analysis of the code (e.g.
    with debugging tools & disassemblers) difficult.
    Since PGP is distributed with source code, it's obviously open to
    analysis and modification by anyone even moderately skilled in
    programming.  "Overlooking" attacks are easily countered by 1)
    making sure you have a "clean" PGP.EXE by checking it against the
    detached signature packed with it.  2)Running PGP with a freshly
    booted MSDOS from a factory diskette.  This is especially true if
    you run into "suspicious" actions when running PGP in your normal
    configuration. (Like you get back a copy of something you signed
    which seems to have text added you don't remember).
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-10-20 23:42:40
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Entrapment Defense 
Carl Ellison posted here:
    If all you're worried about is entrapment, you need only ask the
    person in question if s/he works for any law enforcement or
    surveillance agency.  If they lie, then anything after that is
    entrapment.
    I'm not a lawyer but I learned this from my masseuse in SLC UT,
    where mixed-gender massage is considered a "sex act for hire" and
    she was constantly subject to entrapment.
I'm not at all sure if the above is true.  This came up on this list
a few months ago when I was suggesting that people might put a
statement, "I am/am not a Law Enforcement Officer or Agent" as part of
a "certificate of identity" they could mail to verify their PGP public
key.  At that time I think the concensus was that a LE officer could
sign (the negative form of) the statement and still observe crimes and
give testimony.
One example given was undercover narcotics officers who could not
answer affirmatively without jeopardizing their lives.
One defense attorney on another net told me that the entrapment
defense is rarely used anymore; "it's easier just to plead your client
guilty."  Apparently all the prosecuton has to show is that the
defendant had a "pre-existing disposition" to commit the crime.
Duncan Frissel, can you shed more light on this???
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-10-20 23:42:52
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: TEMPEST: Re: Monitor radiation overlooking./DES weakness 
Victor Borisov posted the following on Oct 15:
    I read about overlooking of monitor radiation.  Introder can scan
    the electron-beam radiation from electron-gun.  He simple transmit
    this radiation to self electron-gun and sinchronize frequance.
    This method work with b/w monitor.  The overlooking of
    color-monitor more dificult - introder will see 4 gradation of
    gray (all guns off, work one, two, three guns).  But we can select
    spesial colors (red-blue or blue-green) and allways will work only
    one (or two) guns.  In this way introder will see dark (or light)
    gray screen without any information!!!
    Is it corect?  Do now present more improve overlooking system?
We in the USA refer to this technology as TEMPEST, which is an acronym
for Transient ElectroMagnetic Pulse Emanation STandard or Transient
Electromagnetic Pulse Surveillance Technology. Victor, I have a long
(58K) document about this which I'll be glad to send you, just ask.  I
think I got it from this list last August maybe.
I haven't seen Victor's idea of adjusting screen colors before. I
suspect that it would take some balancing of the colors so the combo
for foreground/background would be the same strength to a close
tolerance. Certainly I wouldn't trust it without confirmation from
an experiment that a state-of-the-art TEMPEST device couldn't resolve
any information. Victor, could your friend in the KGB arrange for such
an experiment??
TEMPEST defenses considered here involve using metal cabinets and
other shielding.  One relatively inexpensive approach uses metallic
wallpaper! Here are some references:
  From: szebra!novavax.nova.edu!yanek (Yanek Martinson)
  Subject: INFO: TEMPEST companies
  To: toad.com!cypherpunks
  Date: Wed, 16 Dec 92 20:33:10 EDT
  X-Mailer: Elm [version 2.1 PL1]
  Lindgren RF Enclosures
  400 Gigh Grove Blvd.
  Glendale Heights, IL 60139
  Contact: Wayne Martin
  708-307-7200
  FAX: 708-307-7571
  "LT" Series Shielding System is a complete line of modular enclosures,
  equipment cabinets and custom enclosures available in virtually all
  shielding materials.  The system features exclusive Double Electrically
  Isolated construction for maximum attenuation.  All enclosures are fully
  tested and guaranteed.  Aplication assistance available.
  Secure Systems & Services
  Div. of The R/H Factor Corp.
  13990 Goldmark Dr., Ste.401
  Dallas, TX 75240
  Contact: Ray Helsop
  214-907-9288
  FAX: 214-669-9160
  TEMPEST Products, Systems & Services are for Military/Industrial firms
  concerned with threat of information security and protection by [sic]
  electronic eavesdroppoing; also commercial EMI/RFI, reduced emissions
  products.  We provide TEMPEST service and support, data encryption,
  F.I.S.A. Facility Information Security Assessment Studies, site planning,
  installation design, facility upgrades, etc.
  International Paper Co.
  Longmeadow Rd.
  Tuxedo, NU 10987
  Contact: Larry Fahy
  914-577-7247
  SAF'N SHIELDED (tm)
  International Paper provides a unique wallcovering that prevents
  electromagnetic interference (EMI), wireless electronic espionage, and
  other forms of electromagnetic eavesdropping.  The new wallcovering, a
  composite structure that incorporates a nonwoven mat of metallic fibers,
  has been TEMPEST-tested by the U.S. government and can achieve attenuation
  levels over 100dB.  The material, which eliminates the added costs of
  "hardening" or adding protective shielding to individual pieces of
  electronic equipment, is being used both in primary applications and to
  upgrade facilities to higher levels of protection.  It also provides a way
  to plug EMI leaks quickly and effectively.  Unlike woven or sheet metal,
  which typically require gutting entire rooms, this flexible, lightweight
  material goes up as quickly as wallpaper.  No special tools are needed, and
  downtime is minimal.
  Transaction Security, Inc.
  21 Industrial Ave.
  Upper Saddle River, NJ 07458
  Contact: O. Mark Hastings
  201-573-1150
  Steel TEMPEST-type enclosures for any size computer hardware.
  Subject: New number for Secure Systems & Services
            The new number for SS&S is (214) 907-9288
            Also, Lindgren RF Enclosures informed me that they
            now have exclusive license to market International Paper
            Company's SAF'N SHIELDED; and they give free samples ;-))
            JPW
  ====================================================================
  Date: Mon, 28 Dec 92 11:57:49 PDT
  From: szebra!jplpost.Jpl.Nasa.Gov!wendtj (Jeffrey P Wendt)
  To: toad.com!cypherpunks
  Subject: TEMPEST companies
            I have recieved information from Veratec re: the product
            Safe`n'Shield, and I have to say that for an inf0 packet,
            they have done a great job.
            The folder comes with 2 sample squares of the Safe`n'
            Shield material, and the specs for their product are as
            follows:
            >-----------------------------------------------------------
            > Shielding Effectiveness of SAFE`N'SHIELDED (R)
            >(in dB Attenuation)
            >___________________________________________________________
            >SAF`N'40 tm             10' x 20' x 8' Room
            >___________________________________________________________
            >    10KHz     1MHz      50MHz     400MHz    1GHz
            >-----------------------------------------------------------
            >    >100       76        53         57       62
            >___________________________________________________________
            >___________________________________________________________
            >SAF`N'60 tm              8' x 8' x 8' Room
            >___________________________________________________________
            >    10KHz     1MHz      50MHz     400MHz    1GHz
            >-----------------------------------------------------------
            >    >100      N/T*       67         72       87
            >___________________________________________________________
            >___________________________________________________________
            >SAF`N'80 tm              8' x 8' x 8' Room
            >___________________________________________________________
            >    10KHz     1MHz      50MHz     400MHz    1GHz
            >-----------------------------------------------------------
            >    >100      >81        100        90       90
            >___________________________________________________________
            In addition to some general notes and a customer list, they
            provide a 25 page booklet on construction techniques; both
            new and existing.  The material is very thin, about the same
            weight and feel as good bond paper.  The manufacturer states
            that this material meets the NSA 65-6 spec using this
            nonwoven material as the priamary shield.
            The material is applied just like wall paper, with comercial
            wallpaper glue, and from a construction point of view this
            stuff looks like you could do an 8x8x8 romm in a few hours.
            Alas, I did not recieve a price list on the material, but I
            am sure it will be a hell-of-a-lot cheaper that buying
            TEMPEST certified computers, and best of all...you don't
            have to register a damn thing ;-)).
            The address is:  Veretec
                             Long Meadow Road
                             Tuxedo, New York 10987
                             (919) 577-7447
Victor Continues:
    Some words about DES - I spoke with one cryptoanalisyst from KGB
    and he sow, that for number crypto algotitm c(key, text) (key is
    keyLength tall) present f(key, text), that for all key1 and key2
    present key with length keyLength, that c(key2, c(key1,
    text))==f(key, text).
    He also say, that now present f() for c()=des(), more f() wery
    like des().
    That`s why for decrypting of des(k1, des(k2, ...  des(kN, text)
    ...  )) we must try 2^56 keys with spetial function.
Victor seems to be saying that his friend is saying that DES is a
"group" (if I remember my terms correctly), which somebody was
supposed to have proven wasn't the case.  Although, strictly speaking,
a "group" was supposed to be f=des, where Victor just says it's "very
like DES."
But multiple encryptions as Victor describes are not used. Rather
alternating encryptions and DEcryptions.  For example triple DES
dese(k1, desd(k2, dese(k3, plaintext)))  where "dese" is DES
encryption and "desd" is DES decryption.  What does your friend in
the KGB have to say about that, Victor?  If triple-DES reduces to
any reasonable transformation of (some) 56-bit key then it's almost
as easy to break as single-DES which we now know only requires 3 hours
on a $1 million specialized machine.
Of more interest here, Victor, is what your KGB friend says about the
IDEA cipher, RSA Public Key encryption, and the MD5 message digest,
all of which are used in PGP.  We would also like to know if the KGB
has found any weaknesses in PGP or if they've even had occasion to try
to find any.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-10-25 11:34:37
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: TEMPEST Info 
I received several requests for my text file on TEMPEST, which
I offered to send to Victor Borisov.  I have sent a copy directly
to Victor; but rather than try to send copies to all who requested
it, I'm going to post it to the list.  To save bandwidth, I'll
use PGP (compressed) armored form.  So you'll know it's from me,
I'll sign it, but it won't be encrypted.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-10-25 11:39:11
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: TEMPEST File 2/2 
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-10-25 11:44:13
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: TEMPEST File 1/2 
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-10-31 02:09:28
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Mail delivery question 
T. William Wells posted here on Oct 24:
    As an operator of an anonymous service, I'm constantly amazed at
    the things that supposedly worthwhile net.citizens will do,
    without even the slightest thought for the consequences.  And
    consequences there have been, sometimes potentially tragic ones.
    Perhaps I should tell some of my horror stories.
Yes! Yes!  Please tell us all the gory details!
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-09-03 13:15:36
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: PGP features 
Brad Huntting recently posted:
    Perhaps it's time we polished the edges, added a few of the features
    that are lacking, and wrote up up an RFC for the PGP message format.
    Some features I'd like to see in PGP are:
I've added my comments [with these full margins] as appropriate.
            The ability to send an encrypted message to multiple
            recipients without duplicating the entire message.  The
            most logical way to do this would probably be to encrypt
            the random IDEA key once for each recipient.
??? This has been implemented in PGP since at least release 2.2.
(Maybe 2.1, memory fails).  Just specify multiple UserID fragments in
the command line when encrypting. Note that if you don't specify a
UserID in the command line, you -cannot- enter multiple ID's in the
resulting prompt. This is in the -h help text:
To encrypt a message for any number of multiple recipients:
     pgp -e textfile userid1 userid2 userid3
            There needs to be a facility for having multiple signatures
            on a single document without making the signers sign each
            others signatures.  Besides the obvious application of
            removing a signature from a document, this would also
            facilitate things like petitions where many people could
            asynchronously sign a single document, and latter assemble
            all the signatures together.
This can be done via detached signature certificates, which can be
gathered together and presented with the original document.
To create a signature certificate that is detached from the document:
     pgp -sb textfile [-u your_userid]
            It should be possible (though certainly not mandatory) to
            hide the recipient's identity entirely.
Not currently implemented, but being discussed. You can acheive much
the same effect by using a another key-pair with a pseudonym in the
UserID, to be distributed only through remailers or otherwise
            The message format needs to allow for alternate forms of
            encryption (besides IDEA).  Furthermore, the (shared key)
            algorithm used to encrypt a message should be hidden in
            the RSA encrypted part of the message along with the shared
            key.  Ideally, a list of algorithms could be given which
            would allow the message to be optionally compressed before
            being encrypted, or encrypted two or more times with
            different algorithms.
Not implemented, but has been mentioned.  Triple-DES is one possible
alternative.  You can achieve multiple IDEA encryption by just using
current PGP to encrypt twice (or more).  Even if you encrypt to the
same public key, the IDEA key used will be different.
Compression can currently be turned off, if desired, via a CONFIG.TXT
option, which can also be specified in the command line. Compression
is also automatically turned off if the plaintext is recognized as the
output of PKZIP or other popular compressors.
    If I'm confused and the PGP message format already supports some
    of these features, please correct me.
Consider yourself corrected (:}
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1993-09-04 19:40:49
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Phil Z Comments on ViaCrypt 
I received the following comments on ViaCrypt from Phil Z. Reposting
here with permission.  I'll try to forward a summary of your comments.
Hello Edgar.  Thanks for your hospitality.  I enjoyed our conversations
during my visit.
The PKP/Viacrypt contract requires that ViaCrypt use THEIR OWN RSA
cryptographic engine, not PKP's or RSADSI's.  I will be working closely
with them to ensure that they do a good job on that.  Actually, RSA
calculations are fairly straightforward, and it's hard to screw them up.
I will probably try to get them to stick with my own keygen routines,
if they are allowed to use them in the PKP contract.  The keygen stuff
would be the most important place to look for any security holes.
My discussions with ViaCrypt's president, Lenny Mikus, and his programming
staff, suggest to me that they are genuinely interested in making a very
secure product.
It's possible, I suppose, that maybe I could talk to ViaCrypt about
maybe publishing the source code for the rest of ViaCrypt PGP, minus the
RSA engines that the PKP contract won't let them publish.  We'll see.
The current plans are for them to use the straight PGP source code with
no changes except for using their own RSA engines.  So publishing the
source code would not yield many new insights anyway, since it's the
same.  Other than as a confidence builder, which is nice to have.
You may repost this to cypherpunks if you wish.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-02-02 01:10:56
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Remailer Tearline Conventins 
Someone (not me) asked about remailer tearline conventions to
eliminate automatic sigs:
    Though this subject came up some months ago, I never noticed any
    final decision.
    Is there now an accepted tearline convention for the generic
    cypherpunks remailers?  The mail handler here and at most of my
    other accounts automagically adds the host address and/or my
    address to all outgoing mail, which
    is...well..._counterproductive_ when sending mail to a remailer.
    The extropia remailer by accepting encrypted messages avoids this
    problem, but most of the other remailers seem to have no
    provisions for excluding extraneous text and address footers.
    Was there ever a "8<----(cut here)" arrangement agreed upon and
    incorporated into the remailers?
I'm the one who brought this up "months ago" and the short answer to
your question is "no."
One remailer
    Hall Remailer     added a "cut line" of
   --ignore--
[no indentation in actual use].  I tested this when Hall first
announced it and it seems to work.  You would be advised to test it
yourself before relying on it.  Unfortunately the Hall Remailer is one
of the remailers that does not support encryption.  AFIK, this "cut
line" code was never propagated to any other Cypherpunks remailers.
At the time I brought this up, the attitude of most remailer operators
(Chael Hall and Miron Cuperman notably excepted) was that anyone who
couldn't figure out how and remember to turn off their auto sig didn't
deserve any privacy.
I recommend that you always use the wimsey (extropia) remailer as the
first (or only) leg of a remailer chain.  It is also the only
Cypherpunks remailer outside the USA (it's in Canada) which will make
tracing msgs a little more difficult for USA authorities.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-02-04 10:35:10
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Announcing SecureDrive 1.3A 
This is to announce the availability of Version 1.3A of SecureDrive.
This is a maintenance release of SecureDrive 1.3.  It mainly fixes
reported problems and has minimal new function.  See file BUGS13.DOC.
The only visible functional change from 1.3 is the appearance of
   Check bytes in Disk x: Boot Sector need updating from 1.3 to
   1.1/1.3A. Proceed?
which will be issued by both LOGIN and CRYPTDSK when they attempt to
verify a passphrase on a hard disk or diskette encrypted by version
1.3 CRYPTDSK operating in version 1.1 compatability mode.  This
corrects the error in computing the check bytes used to verify the
passphrase and updates the check bytes to the correct 1.1 value and
WRITES back the boot sector. Note that once this update has taken
place, this disk cannot be decrypted by release 1.3 anymore.
Releases 1.3 and 1.3A of Secure Drive are based on releases 1.0 and
1.1, mostly written by
  Mike Ingle and version 1.2, with significant new code by myself.
The code which we wrote is not copyrighted, but the program contains GNU
Copylefted code, and therefore may be freely distributed under the terms of
the GNU General Public Licence. See file COPYING for legalese.
Version 1.2 and 1.3 add significant new function.
As of Version 1.2, you may use an operand /PGP with LOGIN, either
by itself, or with other operands. By itself,
  LOGIN /PGP
will prompt for a passphrase and set the PGPPASS environment variable with
whatever is entered. If PGPPASS is already set then
  LOGIN D: /PGP
  LOGIN /F /PGP
will use whatever PGPPASS is set to as the passphrase. For the hard
disk partition, LOGIN will test the PGPPASS passphrase. If it is incorrect,
then it will prompt you for another passphrase.
If PGPPASS is NOT set when these forms of LOGIN are used, than a passphrase
is prompted for AND PGPPASS is set to this passphrase. This is more
secure than using the SET command since LOGIN only echoes "*"'s when
entering the passphrase.
As of Version 1.2, typing LOGIN /C /PGP will clear the SecureDrive crypto
keys from memory AND clear the PGPPASS environment variable. This is done
in a manner less likely to leave your passphrase in memory than just using
the DOS SET command.  In addition, Version 1.2 clears all the free memory
it can find, which is likely to include some plaintext.  However, if you
want to be absolutely sure all traces of sensitive data are erased from
memory then turning off the computer is still recommended.
As of version 1.2, if PGPPASS is set before you run CRYPTDSK, CRYPTDSK
will ask to use the value of PGPPASS for the passphrase before
prompting you (for encryption), or try PGPPASS (for decryption).
Obviously, if you encrypt or decrypt a lot of diskettes at once, this
feature can save you a lot of typing.
The purpose of these changes is to allow you to enter a single passphrase
only once per boot IF you choose to use the same passphrase for your PGP
secret key, your SecureDrive encrypted hard disk partition, and SecureDrive
encrypted floppies.
Version 1.3 supports up to four hard drive partitions in "safe" mode,
only one of which may be active at any given time.  One purpose of
having multiple encrypted hard disk partitions is so that up to four
users (perhaps members of a family) can each have their own encrypted
partition with its own unique passphrase.  This allows up to four
users to have privacy from each other, even if they all use the same
PC and physical hard disk(s).
Version 1.3 gives you a choice of whether to use the version 1.1
passphrase digest or to use the (faster but perhaps slightly less
secure) 1.0 version.  If you select 1.0 compatiblity, it's unnecessary
to decrypt and re-encrypt your 1.0-encrypted hard disk partition(s)
and floppies.
If you decide to switch to 1.1 passphrases, Version 1.3 CRYPTDSK will
allow you to convert in one pass with no plaintext stored on disk.
Version 1.3 includes the 1.2 changes for using PGPPASS. There are
additional ehhancements to allow you to use the hard disk passphrase
for the floppy disks without typing it in, even if PGPPASS is not set
or is something different.
Version 1.3 CRYPTDSK will operate on hard drives with SECTSR loaded.
It uses SECTSR to protect the disk during conversion and will leave an
encrypted disk partition in protected mode.
Mike Ingle and I have different opinions on the distribution of
SecureDrive.  Under the GNU General License (copyleft) I do not need
Mike's permission to distribute version 1.3 and I have not asked for
same.  My policy on distribution is in the version 1.3 doc:
    Exporting this program.  Cryptography is export controlled, and
    sending this program outside the country may be illegal.  Don't do
    it.
    The "author" of versions 1.2 and 1.3, Edgar Swank, says that the
    export ban should not prevent you from placing this program on
    public BBS's and anonymous FTP sites in the US and Canada.  If
    individuals outside the US/Canada use the internet or
    international long distance to obtain copies of the program, THEY
    may be breaking US law.
    Any such foreign individuals should be aware that US law
    enforcement may legally (under US law) apprehend individuals who
    break US laws even if such individuals are not on or even have
    never been on US soil.  Such apprehension may remove such
    individuals directly to US jurisdiction without benefit of
    extradition proceedings in such individuals' home country(ies).
    This has actually happened in at least two cases, Mexico --
    suspect in murder of US drug agent, Panama -- Noriega -- indicted
    in absencia for drug smuggling.  As is well known, after a small
    war with Panama, Noriega was brought to the USA, tried and
    convicted.  He is now a guest of the US Government in a Florida
    prison.
SecureDrive Version 1.3A is already available for download on the
following public BBS's as SECDR13A.ZIP:
  Eagle's Nest         (408)223-9821
  Flying Dutchman      (408)294-3065
Also I have a report (unverified so far) that Version 1.3 may now
be obtained from a mailserver. Send mail to
Server at Star.Hou.TX.US
with body text that looks like this
get /files/public/secdr13a.zip
Please attempt to use the mailserver or the two BBS's above before
requesting a copy directly from me.
I will send a FEW more copies via E-mail to persons with a US/Canada
net address who request a copy AND promise to upload it to a
USA/Canada e-mail fileserver or anonymous FTP site.  (I don't have
access to FTP from my account here).
I will announce here as I learn of Version 1.3A availability via
additional automated e-mail or FTP sites.
Here is the contents of SECDR13A.ZIP:
 Length  Method   Size  Ratio   Date    Time    CRC-32  Attr  Name
 ------  ------   ----- -----   ----    ----   -------- ----  ----
  18321  DeflatX   6914  63%  06-14-93  22:27  0767480b --w-  COPYING
   1332  DeflatX    518  62%  01-30-94  09:30  bbb5655c --w-  MAKEFILE
   1632  DeflatX   1260  23%  12-04-93  00:43  980125ec --w-  KEY.ASC
  19664  DeflatX   4183  79%  11-19-93  21:42  22c2502c --w-  CRYPT2.ASM
   1355  DeflatX    629  54%  01-21-94  08:44  db63ade4 --w-  RLDBIOS.ASM
  24652  DeflatX   7740  69%  01-29-94  14:51  d0f5feaf --w-  SECTSR.ASM
   7507  DeflatX   2581  66%  12-29-93  21:15  ceda9b20 --w-  SETENV.ASM
     33  Stored      33   0%  07-16-93  06:09  aa6151a5 --w-  M.BAT
  16175  DeflatX   3949  76%  01-29-94  17:57  88215957 --w-  CRYPTDSK.C
  12260  DeflatX   3167  75%  01-29-94  18:27  7b10d96f --w-  LOGIN.C
  11557  DeflatX   3277  72%  05-09-93  19:38  e71f3eea --w-  MD5.C
  10860  DeflatX   2878  74%  01-29-94  18:07  3a9154c0 --w-  SDCOMMON.C
   1778  DeflatX   1160  35%  01-30-94  09:31  48688ff7 --w-  SECTSR.COM
   1152  DeflatX    586  50%  01-30-94  10:15  e44c593f --w-  BUGS13.DOC
  31425  DeflatX  10610  67%  01-30-94  09:59  235f457a --w-  SECDRV.DOC
  35024  DeflatX  16598  53%  01-30-94  09:31  99417b77 --w-  CRYPTDSK.EXE
  34072  DeflatX  16021  53%  01-30-94  09:31  26a2fb82 --w-  LOGIN.EXE
   3407  DeflatX   1097  68%  05-11-93  12:49  f1f58517 --w-  MD5.H
   3020  DeflatX    909  70%  01-24-94  03:32  8ee1c1f6 --w-  SECDRV.H
   1254  DeflatX    541  57%  05-09-93  19:39  182978aa --w-  USUALS.H
    152  Stored     152   0%  01-30-94  10:03  68a2560c --w-  SECTSR.SIG
    152  Stored     152   0%  01-30-94  10:04  a1d33655 --w-  LOGIN.SIG
    152  Stored     152   0%  01-30-94  10:04  845de45f --w-  CRYPTDSK.SIG
 ------          ------  ---                                  -------
 236936           85107  65%                                       23
Also note that the ZIP file contains PGP detached signatures (*.SIG)
for the executable files.  Finally here is my public key, also
available on many public keyservers; note who has signed it.
Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID
pub  1024/87C0C7 1992/10/17  Edgar W. Swank

@_date: 1994-02-07 04:31:17
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Remailer Tearline Conventions 
Anonymous (not me again) posted this reply to my msg:
   Uu> At the time I brought this up, the attitude of most remailer operators
   Uu> (Chael Hall and Miron Cuperman notably excepted) was that anyone who
   Uu> couldn't figure out how and remember to turn off their auto sig didn't
   Uu> deserve any privacy.
  An astonishing bit of Internet provincial fuckheadedness, I must say!
Well, you're at least 1/3 right! (:}
   Uu> I recommend that you always use the wimsey (extropia) remailer as the
   Uu> first (or only) leg of a remailer chain.  It is also the only
   Uu> Cypherpunks remailer outside the USA (it's in Canada) which will make
   Uu> tracing msgs a little more difficult for USA authorities.
  That remail at extropia.wimsey.com is in Canada specifically makes
  communications with it fair game for NSA interception, however.
Good luck, NSA. Better warm up those Crays. Wimsey is also the
only remailer to -require- the entire incoming msg to be encrypted
with a strong PGP key
  pub  1024/B5A32F 1992/12/13  Remailer Note this feature doesn't allow the encrypted SASE supported by other
Cypherpunks remailers which -allow- encryption but remail any
unencrypted text following the encrypted portion (which often includes
the auto sig, our original topic).  Instead, wimsey supports a pool
   pool0 at extropia.wimsey.com
which is essentially a mailing list devoted to broadcasting to its
list of subscribers anything mailed to it. You join the mailing list
by sending a request to
   pool0-request at extropia.wimsey.com
Typically reply mail would be encrypted to a pseudonymous key you sent
via the conventional forward remiler method, so although everyone
on the list would receive the message, only the intended recipient
could read it.  Note that even if the authorities learn you are on the
mailing list, you have absolute deniability that you are the intended
recipient of any particular message.  (But keep the pseudonymous
secret key encrypted when not in use).
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-02-10 02:40:18
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: SecureDrive 1.3A Verified available via mail server 
I have just verified that SecureDrive 1.3A, previously announced
here, is available not only at the following public BBS's as
  Eagle's Nest         (408)223-9821
  Flying Dutchman      (408)294-3065
But I have now verified that Version 1.3A may now be obtained from a
mailserver.  Send mail to
Server at Star.Hou.TX.US
with body text that looks like this
get /files/public/secdr13a.zip
Please attempt to use the mailserver or the two BBS's above before
requesting a copy directly from me.
Note: Attempts to use either the above BBS's or mail server to
transmit SecureDrive 1.3A (or any strong cryptographic product)
outside the USA and/or Canada may violate USA law, which the USA
may elect to enforce by arresting violators overseas and bringing them
to the USA for trial without benefit of extradition proceedings.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-07 06:24:44
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Slack area behind files 
Hal Finney brought up the problem of securely wiping files stored
on a "compressed" disk a la Stacker, DoublesSpace, or (in my case)
I have modified (my copy of) PGP so that the wipe function uses
pseudo-random data rather than zeroes to over-write files.  This
change -should- appear in the next release of PGP.  It's a fairly
simple change. I'll supply source diff's on request.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-07 06:25:31
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Risk and Opportunity 
Peter Baumbach posted on Jan 3:
    I stumbled onto a pair of programs called seejunk.exe and
    prune.exe this past week.  ...  There is also an opportunity here.
    Encrypted information could be stored at the end of your files.
    In other words this is an opportunity for steganography.  ...
    I don't have full access to the internet.  If someone finds these
    programs on the internet, can they post the location here.  If the
    files aren't on the internet, I can email them to anyone that
    wants to post them to the cypherpunk ftp site.
A backlevel version (2.2) of PRUNE is available on internet at both
GARBO and SIMTEL.
prune22.zip  GARB      9959  03-31-92           Overwrite unallocated "Tail End" of files, from Sydex
"   "   "    SIMT      9689  04-05-92         B
         Clear out unallocated bytes at the end of file
To order from the GARBO e-mail server,
  To: mailserv at garbo.uwasa.fi
  Subject: garbo-request
  send pc/fileutil/prune22.zip
However, there is a more recent version (2.3) on local BBS's here
(San Jose).
PRUNE23.ZIP  DCTL     10504  03-29-93
          Unbeknownst to you, DOS often puts data from
          your other files after the end of your files
          PRUNE allows you to clear this perhaps
          sensitive information out before you pass it
          on to your competitors. You know can pick the
          pattern to be written after the end-of- file,
          and there's now a "scan subdirectories "
          option too.  Version 2.3 of a free Sydex
          utility.
          Files: 4  Oldest: 3/4/93  Newest: 3/4/93
"   "   "    EGLN @   10905  11-21-93  [same description]
"   "   "    FDUT     10737  11-20-93  "     "      "
"   "   "    SNKP     10504  07-11-93  "     "      "
Two of the above BBS's also have the SEEJUNK utility:
SEEJUNK.ZIP  DCTL      9447  07-30-90
             Lets you see the junk appended to your floppy
"   "   "    FDUT      9345  10-01-91
             See the "junk" inside some of your executables.
Key to BBS Codes
DCTL  DC-to-Light                 408-956-0317
EGLN  Eagle's Nest                408-223-9821
FDUT  Flying Dutchman             408-294-3065
SNKP  Snakepit (aka Micro-Medic)  408-287-2454
All of the above support at least 9600 bps V.32.  I'll join Peter
in offering to download & send copies of these programs to anyone
who will put them on a public FTP site or mailserver.
Another program similar to the above is
WIPIT100.ZIP EGLN   14897  11-21-93
             WIPIT v1.00 8/2/93 Wipe all free space
             on your disk to prevent Undeleting files.
             Free for personal use.
which takes care of data left in free areas.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-14 13:22:52
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: SoundBlaster clone for voice encryption 
I bought a Sound Blaster Clone card a couple of days ago for $65,
including a nice integrated stereo headset and hands-free microphone.
The Brand name is "Sound Sparc Mecer Multimedia Sound System".
It claims to be compatible with Sound Blaster V2.0.
I purchased it at the Campbell Domino Computer store; probably other
members of the chain also have it.
The reason I mention it here is that this unit might work well along
with a 9600bps or higher modem & appropriate software (to be
developed) to implement an encrypted phone system for real-time
(or close) voice.
Anyone working on a similar project please contact me via E-mail
so we can compare notes.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-14 13:23:34
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Announcing SecureDrive Version 1.2 
This is to announce the availability of Version 1.2 of SecureDrive.
This release of Secure Drive is based on release 1.0, mostly
written by
Mike Ingle The code which we wrote is not copyrighted, but the program contains GNU
Copylefted code, and therefore may be freely distributed under the terms of
the GNU General Public Licence.
Version 1.2 adds significant new function.
As of Version 1.2, you may use an operand /PGP with LOGIN, either
by itself, or with other operands. By itself,
  LOGIN /PGP
will prompt for a passphrase and set the PGPPASS environment variable with
whatever is entered. If PGPPASS is already set then
  LOGIN D: /PGP
  LOGIN /F /PGP
will use whatever PGPPASS is set to as the passphrase. For the hard
disk partition, LOGIN will test the PGPPASS passphrase. If it is incorrect,
then it will prompt you for another passphrase.
If PGPPASS is NOT set when these forms of LOGIN are used, than a passphrase
is prompted for AND PGPPASS is set to this passphrase. This is more
secure than using the SET command since LOGIN only echoes "*"'s when
entering the passphrase.
As of Version 1.2, typing LOGIN /C /PGP will clear the SecureDrive crypto
keys from memory AND clear the PGPPASS environment variable. This is done
in a manner less likely to leave your passphrase in memory than just using
the DOS SET command.  In addition, Version 1.2 clears all the free memory
it can find, which is likely to include some plaintext.  However, if you
want to be absolutely sure all traces of sensitive data are erased from
memory then turning off the computer is still recommended.
As of version 1.2, if PGPPASS is set before you run CRYPTDSK, CRYPTDSK
will ask to use the value of PGPPASS for the passphrase before
prompting you (for encryption), or try PGPPASS (for decryption).
Obviously, if you encrypt or decrypt a lot of diskettes at once, this
feature can save you a lot of typing.
The purpose of these changes is to allow you to enter a single passphrase
only once per boot IF you choose to use the same passphrase for your PGP
secret key, your SecureDrive encrypted hard disk partition, and SecureDrive
encrypted floppies.
Mike Ingle and I have different opinions on the distribution of
SecureDrive.  Under the GNU General License (copyleft) I do not need
Mike's permission to distribute version 1.2 and I have not asked for
same.  My policy on distribution is in the version 1.2 doc:
    Exporting this program.  Cryptography is export controlled, and
    sending this program outside the country may be illegal.  Don't do
    it.
    The "author" of version 1.2, Edgar Swank, says that the export ban
    should not prevent you from placing this program on public BBS's
    and anonymous FTP sites in the US and Canada.  If individuals
    outside the US/Canada use the internet or international long
    distance to obtain copies of the program, THEY may be breaking US
    law.
    Any such foreign individuals should be aware that US law
    enforcement may legally (under US law) apprehend individuals who
    break US laws even if such individuals are not on or even have
    never been on US soil.  Such apprehension may remove such
    individuals directly to US jurisdiction without benefit of
    extradition proceedings in such individuals' home country(ies).
    This has actually happened in at least two cases, Mexico --
    suspect in murder of US drug agent, Panama -- Noriega -- indicted
    in absencia for drug smuggling.  As is well known, after a small
    war with Panama, Noriega was brought to the USA, tried and
    convicted.  He is now a guest of the US Government in a Florida
    prison.
SecureDrive Version 1.2 is already available for download on the
following public BBS's as SECDRV12.ZIP:
  Eagle's Nest         (408)223-9821
  Flying Dutchman      (408)294-3065
I will send a copy via E-mail to any person with a US/Canada net
address who requests a copy and will upload it to a public BBS or
anonymous FTP site. (I don't have access to FTP from my account here).
Here is the contents of SECDRV12.ZIP:
  Searching ZIP: E:/TLXD/ZIP/SECDRV12.ZIP
   Length  Method   Size  Ratio   Date    Time    CRC-32  Attr  Name
   ------  ------   ----- -----   ----    ----   -------- ----  ----
     1632  DeflatX   1260  23%  12-04-93  00:43  980125ec --w-  KEY.ASC
    19664  DeflatX   4183  79%  11-19-93  21:42  22c2502c --w-  CRYPT2.ASM
     8027  DeflatX   2244  73%  01-06-94  21:42  801b1439 --w-  CRYPTDSK.C
      152  Stored     152   0%  01-09-94  00:38  96da6ef2 --w-  SECTSR.SIG
      152  Stored     152   0%  01-09-94  00:39  61d155dc --w-  LOGIN.SIG
     1632  DeflatX   1082  34%  01-09-94  00:15  90d6bca6 --w-  SECTSR.COM
      152  Stored     152   0%  01-09-94  00:39  8e8cc6c4 --w-  CRYPTDSK.SIG
     6320  DeflatX   1990  69%  01-07-94  11:44  a7faa9a8 --w-  LOGIN.C
    29800  DeflatX  14644  51%  01-09-94  00:14  e4b79fe7 --w-  CRYPTDSK.EXE
       33  Stored      33   0%  07-16-93  06:09  aa6151a5 --w-  M.BAT
     1252  DeflatX    502  60%  01-09-94  00:07  24a04819 --w-  MAKEFILE
    11557  DeflatX   3277  72%  05-09-93  19:38  e71f3eea --w-  MD5.C
     3407  DeflatX   1097  68%  05-11-93  12:49  f1f58517 --w-  MD5.H
     6190  DeflatX   2081  67%  01-04-94  16:21  38e843f7 --w-  SDCOMMON.C
    18346  DeflatN   6680  64%  01-13-94  15:17  94491e3e --w-  SECDRV.DOC
     2019  DeflatX    664  68%  01-04-94  17:03  cc63f413 --w-  SECDRV.H
    28336  DeflatX   7336  75%  11-19-93  20:45  790c6e41 --w-  SECTSR.ASM
     7507  DeflatX   2581  66%  12-29-93  21:15  ceda9b20 --w-  SETENV.ASM
     1254  DeflatX    541  57%  05-09-93  19:39  182978aa --w-  USUALS.H
    29482  DeflatX  14440  52%  01-09-94  00:15  2e2202bb --w-  LOGIN.EXE
   ------          ------  ---                                  -------
   176914           65091  64%                                       20
Also note that the ZIP file contains PGP detached signatures (*.SIG)
for the executable files.  Finally here is my public key, also
available on many public keyservers; note who has signed it.
Type bits/keyID   Date       User ID
pub  1024/87C0C7 1992/10/17  Edgar W. Swank

@_date: 1994-01-17 09:14:01
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: SecureDrive 1.2 Distribution Halted 
I am (temporarily) stopping further distribution of SecureDrive 1.2,
announced here a few days ago.  The reason is the recent announcement
of a version 1.1 by Mike Ingle which fixes one real bug and one (IMHO)
dubious security "hole" in version 1.0.  My version 1.2 does not have
these changes.  I hope to shortly announce version 1.3 which will
combine the function I added to 1.2, and the fixes Mike has added to
1.1, and a few other enhancements, if time permits.
I was overwhelmed with e-mail requests for 1.2.  I'm grateful for
these, especially the few who offered to place 1.2 on e-mail servers
and anonymous FTP sites. I have kept all your requests and I will
send you all a copy of version 1.3 as soon as it's ready.
I agree with Mike that anyone with more than one physical hard drive
should get version 1.1 now and switch to it.
If you have only one physical hard drive, my recommendation would be
to keep version 1.0 (or 1.2 if you already have it) and wait for
version 1.3.  This especially applies if you have more than a few
SecureDrive encrypted floppy disks, as switching from 1.0 (or 1.2) to
1.1 will require decrypting (with CRYPTDSK 1.0) and re-encrypting
(with CRYPTDSK 1.1) your HD partition and all your encrypted floppies.
The security exposure of all this plaintext data laying around during
conversion is probably more than the so-called "hole" fixed in 1.1.
In my opinion there is no "hole" if you have a good passphrase and
Mike's "fix" is inadequate for a weak passphrase.  It may have some
value for a very narrow range of marginal passphrases.
My apologies for the delay and confusion.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-17 09:14:19
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: SecureDrive Distribution Controversy 
W. Kinney posted:
    >Mike wants to protect himself against a PGP-style investigation
    >into export of software.  But if 1.2 is put up for FTP, it could
    >conceivably lead to such an investigation.  And Mike would
    >presumably be a potential target.
    >
    >This is a confusing situation.  What rights does Mike have to
    >control a derivative product like 1.2, given that he is releasing
    >it under the Gnu Public License?
    Legal questions aside, one might hope that within the Cypherpunks
    at least there might be more of an ethic of respecting the wishes
    of an author.  Edgar seems awfully casual about exposing other
    people to legal difficulties without their consent, and justifying
    that by some bullshit technicality doesn't change the reality of
    it one bit.
    I for one am most unimpressed.
And I would have hoped for more backbone from a group calling itself
the Cypherpunks, perhaps we should rename it the Cypherwimps.
          ~~~~~                                        ~~~~~
I respected Mike's wishes (once they were clearly expressed) in
respect to SecureDrive version 1.0, which was wholly his creation.
I will continue to respect his wishes re version 1.1.
But (to answer Hal's question) Mike has no control at all of
derivitave products like version 1.2 and (to be announced shortly)
version 1.3.
I have done my best to make clear that Mike is not responsible for my
distribution policies re versions 1.2/1.3.  But I am not going to
allow Mike or anyone else to intimidate me from the exercise of my
constitutional right to publish my own code anywhere I damn well
please, at least within the USA/Canada.
I have not and will not export SecureDrive. I have warned anyone
contemplating doing so that they may be violating US law. If someone
does so anyway, it's not my fault; and if NSA or DOJ thinks it is,
they can try to sell that idea to a judge & jury.
If this ridiculous and unconstitutional law (especially an
interpretion that publishing domestically constitutes export) needs to
be tested, perhaps I'm the best one to do it.  I'm retired, & my
pension will continue even if I'm in jail.  Should I be charged, I
hope EFF will be there for me the way they were for Steve Jackson.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-26 07:37:09
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Curve Encrypt 1.0 Release Announcement 
Will Kenney posted:
    Curve Encrypt 1.0, IDEA encryption for the Macintosh is now
    available for ftp from ripem.msu.edu, directory:  ...
    Distribution:
    Curve Encrypt (c)1994 Curve Software.  Permission granted for
    distribution within the United States only.
    It's fine with me if you make the software available by giving it
    to your friends, putting it on _local_ BBS's, taping floppies to
    stalls in the men's room, things like that.  But don't export the
    software, and don't make it available on places like international
    anonymous ftp sites.  And please make sure that the people you
    give the software to understand the export restrictions.  This
    applies the application and the source and anything that
    _contains_ Curve Software copyrighted source.
    Is this sufficiently clear to keep me from getting Swanked?
You need have no concern about Swank himself since he is not
interested in Macintosh software.
It should protect you from being "Swanked" (thank you for making a
verb out of my name; a rare honor) by others -if- you independently
wrote all the code.  But if you copied, for example, the IDEA code
from a copylefted product like PGP or SecureDrive then the copyleft
applies to your entire product; at least that's my understanding.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-31 08:24:27
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: Bugs Reported in SecureDrive 1.3 
The following bugs have been reported in SecureDrive 1.3.  I have
already fixed these here, but I want to wait a short time before
releasing 1.3A to allow any more bugs which may be present to show up.
Please be aware of the following problems and try to work around them
as suggested until 1.3A is released.
Please report any further problems with 1.2 or 1.3 to
   edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
               Bugs Reported in SecureDrive 1.3
The Version 1.3 key hashing mode that is supposed to be compatible
with version 1.1 isn't, the key is compatible, but the check bytes are
not.  This means you can't decrypt disks encrypted with 1.1 with 1.3.
This will not affect you if you don't already have any disks encrypted
with 1.1 and you want to stay compatible with 1.0 and 1.2. Go ahead
and install 1.3 and set environment variable
  SET SD10CMP=X
If you already have disks encrypted with 1.1, wait for 1.3A. If you
can't wait, decrypt with no TSR installed and CRYPTDSK 1.1. Then
Re-encrypt with 1.3 using either compatibility mode as you choose.
Note the 1.3 mode supposed to be compatible with 1.1 offers
essentially the same added security as 1.1.
There will be code in 1.3A to change any "orphan" 1.3 check bytes to
those compatible with 1.1 and 1.3A
If you have multiple encrypted Hard Disk partitions, and one is active
and you use CRYPTDSK to decrypt a different partition. Then the active
one stays active but is no longer being correctly decrypted by SECTSR,
leaving it in an UNSAFE condition until the next boot.  Fixed in 1.3A
Version 1.3 SECTSR is supposed to have a check so it doesn't get
installed more than once, but this doesn't work.  If you install 1.3,
make sure you don't install SECTSR twice in the same boot session.
Best to make your -only- call to SECTSR from AUTOEXEC.BAT and never
install it from the keyboard.
Cosmetic:  Several msgs in LOGIN/CRYPTDSK refer to "V 1.3" passphrases.
These references should more correctly be "V 1.1" since that was the
version that defined the new standard.  This would be even more
confusing now since V 1.3 is not completely compatible with V 1.1.
If LOGIN d:  /PGP is specified, but PGPPASS is set to incorrect
passphrase, the correct hard disk passphrase not prompted for.
edgar at spectrx.saigon.com (Edgar W. Swank)
SPECTROX SYSTEMS +1.408.252.1005  Cupertino, Ca

@_date: 1994-01-31 08:24:35
@_author: Edgar W. Swank 
@_subject: FORWARD: Lecture re Internet Commercialization 
Reply-To: eventinfo_ca at clbooks.com
X-Mailer: fastmail [version 2.4 PL21]
              AN EVENT AT COMPUTER LITERACY BOOKSHOPS
