
@_date: 2006-04-12 19:09:41
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.7, 12 April 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.7, 12 April 2006
1. Article 29 asks for safeguards on data retention
2. US wants access to retained traffic data
3. Free parental control software in France
4. Changes in the Slovenian Intelligence Agency Act
5. Lie detectors in Russian airports
6. UK teachers are spied in classrooms
7. Legal actions against file-sharers in Europe
8. Recommended reading
9. Agenda
10. About
1. Article 29 asks for safeguards on data retention
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party has adopted its opinion on data
retention directive as adopted by the Council on 21 February 2006, pointing
out major criticism to the adoption and to the present text agreed by the
The Working Party recalls its previous concerns and reservations expressed
in its last Opinion 113 of 21 October 2005 on the then draft Directive. The
decision to retain communication data for the purpose of combating serious
crime was considered as an unprecedented one that may endanger the
fundamental values and freedoms all European citizens.
The privacy experts consider of utmost importance that the Directive is
implemented and accompanied in each Member State by measures protecting
privacy. The Directive leaves room for interpretation and therefore adequate
and specific safeguards are necessary to protect the vital interests of the
individual, mainly the right to confidentiality when using publicly
available electronic communications services.
The Working Party also thinks the provisions of the Directive should be
interpreted and implemented in a harmonised way and proposes a uniform,
European-wide implementation of the Directive that would respect the highest
level possible of personal data protection. This should also be done in
order to reduce the considerable costs borne by the service providers when
complying with the Directive.
Article 29 is suggesting that the member states should implement adequate
safeguards at least on Purpose specification, Access limitation,  Data
minimization, Data mining, Judicial/ independent scrutiny of authorized
access, Retention purposes of providers, System separation and Security
The data retention directive is heavily criticized also by other privacy
authorities. Peter Hustinx, the European data protection supervisor
considered the lawmakers had not protected the privacy of Europeans.
His opinion is that "The data retention directive - turned the rules
upside down. We were not very pleased with that - we still think there is
too little in terms of safeguards."
Hustinx also stated: "I believe that politicians, people - you, I, everyone
else - have to be aware of the real threats. At the same time, that is not
going to justify disproportionate solutions - it is going to hurt the
texture of trust and confidence... I think we have reached a point that more
and more people start wondering whether legislation is getting excessive and
that is a good thing. We have to build in safeguards and keep asking the
question of 'is this necessary?'"
Opinion 3/2006 on the Directive 2006/XX/EC on the retention of data
processed in connection with the provision of public electronic
communication services  (25.03.2006)
Tech must not invade privacy, says EU data protection head (7.04.2006)
EDRI-gram : Opinion EU privacy authorities on data retention (17.11.2004)
EDRI-gram : Renewed rejection of data retention by European institutions
2.  US wants access to retained traffic data
Unites States has indicated in a recent meeting with the EU Council that it
will be interested in accessing the traffic data collected by the European
countries according with the recent Directive on Data Retention. Also the US
officials expressed concerns over the draft Framework Decision on Data
During the EU-US informal High Level meeting on Freedom, Security and
Justice on 2-3 March 2006, in Vienna, the US officials mentioned in the
context of fighting terrorist use of Internet that they were "considering
approaching each Member State to ensure that the data collected on the basis
of the recently adopted Directive on data retention be accessible to them."
The Presidency and the Commission replied that these data were accessible
like any other data on the basis of the existing MLA agreements (bilateral
as well as EU/US agreement). The Commission would convene an expert meeting
on this subject.
During the same meeting the US officials lobbied against the provisions in
article 15 of the proposal for a framework decision on the protection of
personal data processed in the third pillar. " US side expressed serious
concerns about the negative impact that the draft Framework Decision on data
protection would have on its bilateral relations with Member States if it
was to be adopted in its present form (see in particular Article 15 of the
draft). The Presidency indicated that agreements already concluded would not
be affected by the new legislation. In addition, Member States were divided
on the need for such a provision." Article 15 refers to Transfer to
competent authorities in third countries or to international bodies.
The Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal
data processed in the framework of police and judicial co-operation in
criminal matters was initiated in October 2005 when a draft version was sent
to the Council. Opinions on the draft have been received from the European
Data Protection Supervisor, Conference of European Data Protection
Authorities and European member countries. A new version of the Decision,
still under discussion within the Multidisciplinary group on organised crime
(MDG) - Mixed Committee, was published by Statewatch at the end of March
The conclusions of the G6 of interior ministers of the EU call for a rapid
adoption of the framework decision on the sharing of information under the
availability principle in police and judicial cooperation in criminal
matters, i.e. without waiting for the third pillar data protection framework
decision. This would constitute a serious unbalance with regard to the
processing of personal information under the third pillar. Tony Bunyan,
Statewatch editor, commented " in other words state agencies should be
allowed to exchange information and "intelligence" without any data
protection rights for the individual being in place."
EU Council: Report of the EU-US informal High Level meeting on
Freedom, Security and Justice on 2-3 March 2006 in Vienna (27.03.2006)
Data Protection, EU doc no 6450/1/06, REV 1 (23.03.2006)
EDRI-gram : Draft directive data protection in EU police co-operation
Conclusions of the Meeting of the Interior Ministers of France, Germany,
Italy, Poland, Spain and the United Kingdom, Heiligendamm (23.03.2006)
3. Free parental control software in France
As a result of the agreement signed between the French ISPs and the Ministry
of the Family on 16 November 2005, starting with 1 April 2006, most of the
ISPs started providing a free of charge parental control software to their
The agreement signed between ISPs and the French authorities has followed
strong protests relayed in the media, after EDRi-member IRIS unveiled in
September 2005 the intention of the government to impose by law "by default"
filtering by ISPs  for the purpose of parental control.  After this, the
intentions of the government have been downsized excluding " by default"
parental control installed by the ISP. The current agreement still raises
many concerns, especially since no real information is provided on the
software and its criteria.
Starting with 1 April 2006 new subscribers will have the software included
in the connection kit with a window opening automatically on the software.
Previous complaints addressed the lack of simple access to such kind of
software as well as to their insufficient efficiency.
For the old subscribers, the ISPs will develop an information campaign
through e-mails, newsletters and on their home pages and those interested
will be able to get the software from their access provider's site.
Several providers are already in the position to provide the software while
others are on the point of perfecting their parental control system.
Providers like AOL, already advanced in this direction, can ensure various
profiles according the child's age, with semantic filtering, more efficient
than the URL filtering systems. Other providers like Wanadoo are clearly
asking any new subscriber, when installing the connection kit, whether the
filtering software should be installed or not.
As regards to the software it seems that many ISPs are using the one
developed (and updated with lists) by a Spanish company, Optenet.
This company has signed a contract with the French Ministry of Education
last April.
Meryem Marzouki from EDRi-member IRIS notes that "very little information is
provided to the user about who chooses the predefined white and black lists,
according to which criteria etc. Also, no information is provided on the
"plain language" analysis of websites, which are neither on white lists nor
on black lists. "
The ISPs filter more the Internet (in French only, 4.04.2006)
Mandatory and free of charge parental control on the Internet (in French
only, 16.11.2005)
Automatic filtering of contents : the moral order toughens (in French only,
4. Changes in the Slovenian Intelligence Agency Act
The proposed changes of Slovenian Intelligence Agency Act (ZSOVA) raised
questions about its unconstitutionality. The government would like to
exclude the current 6-month limitation for use of special operative methods,
e.g. mail monitoring, recording of telephone conversations etc. The
Government  invoked cooperation with EU and NATO in the fight against
terrorism as the reason for the proposed changes.
There are two main changes being proposed. According to the first one, the
competence to ordain measures that invade individual's information privacy
would be transferred from the president of Ljubljana Circuit Court to the
president of the Slovenian Supreme Court. Legal experts find this solution
better, but still not optimal, as the decision-making is still in the hands
of one single person. A panel of 3 Supreme Court judges would be a better
The second and most important change is the exclusion of the current 6-month
limitation for the concentrated and continuous monitoring of
telecommunications. If the proposed changes pass through the Parliament, the
Slovenian Intelligence agency (SOVA) will theoretically be able to perform
surveillance over individual's communications for months, years or even
Under the current legislation, SOVA may monitor written correspondence and
record telephone conversations (of individuals that may pose a threat for
national security) for the maximum period of 3 months. Exceptionally, the
duration of surveillance may be extended for a month each time, but the
total duration must not exceed 6 months. According to the proposed changes
to the Slovenian Intelligence Agency Act, the President of Slovenian Supreme
Court would be authorised to extend the duration of measures for another 3
months each time, without any limitation of total duration.
According to Goran Klemencic from the Faculty of Criminal Justice and
Security, the proposed change violates article 37 of the Slovenian
Constitution, which says that encroachment upon individual's right to
privacy of correspondence and other means of communication may "be suspended
for a period of time where it is so necessary for criminal proceedings or
national security." Besides, Klemencic says that such a solution would also
be disproportionate (regardless of court warrant), as "it cannot be
admissible that law enables unlimited concentrated surveillance of an
This act broadens the power of the Slovenian Military Intelligence Agency,
as well.
The government wants the Parliament to discuss and pass the proposed changes
using the quick procedure option, where the possibilities for extending
discussions and filing amendments are vastly reduced.
Longer time of secret surveillance? (only in Slovenian, 14.03.2006)
Changes to Slovenian Intelligence Agency Act - Will SOVA be able to perform
continuous eavesdropping (only in Slovenian, 16.03.2006)
Contestable Slovenian Intelligence Agency Act (only in Slovenian,
(Contribution by Aljaz Marn, EDRI observer, privacyblog.net, Slovenia)
5. Lie detectors in Russian airports
Lie detectors will be used in Russian airports as part of the security
measures starting with July 2006.
Meant to identify terrorists or other types of criminals, a lie-detecting
device developed in Israel, known as "truth verifier," will be first
introduced in Moscow's Domodedovo airport as early as July. The technology,
already used by UK insurance companies, is said to be able to detect answers
coming from imagination or memory.
The passengers will use a handset to answer four questions right after the
X-ray check of luggage and shoes and in the beginning, only the suspicious
passengers will take the test. Those failing the test will be further on
interrogated in a separate cubicle as Vladimir Kornilov, the IT director for
East Line, said.
Eventually the procedure will be used for all passengers. Officials state
that the process should not exceed a minute per passenger.
Airline passengers face lie detector tests (6.04.2006)
6. UK teachers are spied in classrooms
Teachers protest against the installation of 50 CCTV systems with
microphones in UK schools, used as surveillance measures by the school
While observation in class was supposed to help teachers in improving their
performances, the headmasters, who have also used two-way mirrors to survey
the teachers, grade them according to the way they perform in class under
TES (The Times Educational Supplement) reported on 7 April that teachers
were being "observed to death" and that surveillance was being used more
like a punishment. Observed lessons are often graded on a scale of
outstanding to poor.
The National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT),
the largest teachers' union in UK, has proposed a conference motion to use
"all means necessary" to stop the "yet another example of management
bullying". NASUWT survey has found out that one in five teachers was
observed more than six times last year. The union also expressed
disagreement on the short notice given to some teachers on the installation
of surveillance devices.
Mary Bousted, general secretary of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers
(ATL), said she had met an Oxford graduate having quitted teaching after
only a year for having been officially observed at least once every
three weeks,".
Heads spy on teachers (10.04.2006)
Teachers revolt against spy in the classroom (7.04.2006)
7. Legal actions against file-sharers in Europe
About 2000 new legal actions are taken in 10 countries by the International
Federation of Phonographic Industry (IFPI) against file-sharers amounting
now to a total number of 5500 cases outside US.
IFPI persists in its actions against uploaders, stating it targets
persistent file-sharers, who typically upload thousands of music files.
"The campaign started in major music markets where sales were falling
sharply; now these legal actions have spread to smaller markets." said John
Kennedy, the chairman and chief executive of IFPI.
In UK only, where the music industry states a loss of over  over the
last three years, there are 153 ongoing cases. The first cases have occurred
in Portugal as well where the IFPI states sales of tradition al music
formats have fallen by 40% in the last four years.
Geoff Taylor, IFPI general counsel and executive vice president said the
action was aimed at uploaders, but downloaders had to be reminded that their
actions were also illegal and also predicted that the copyright owners would
go after ISPs as well as users.
The IFPI is also keen in warning parents that they are responsible for their
children's online activities. As an example, last year Sylvia Price was
fined  after her 14-year-old daughter was accused of sharing music on
the internet.
If the IFPI wins the cases, the defendants could end up paying several
thousand euros. On average, those settling with the IFPI pay around
2,633 euros. Although the industry says that these cases are helping to win
the war on illegal file-sharers and are encouraging people to use legal
services, a report suggests that illegal downloads keep growing in spite of
the legal risks.
IFPI bases its actions on a report made by Jupiter Research stating 35%
illegal file-sharers have reduced and even stopped while only 14% of them
increased their activity and the legal actions were the main reasons for
those who stopped their illegal music consumption.
However, XTN data, a research firm, suggested in its report that fear of
legal action was the least effective in encouraging people to use commercial
services and that more efficient measures would be cheaper prices, the
removal of digital rights management (DRM), and more user-friendly services.
"Clunky software, difficulty in finding tracks and over zealous protection
limiting where customers can play music they've bought are continuing to
fuel file-sharing," said Greig Harper, founder of XTN Data.
He also said: "We're the only big, anonymous UK survey - I'd be surprised if
people were so honest to an organisation interested in suing them. There are
probably seven million people in the UK file sharing to some extent, even if
it's just picking up a track once a month, so legal action against so many
people isn't really a realistic option."
File-sharers face legal onslaught (4.04.2006)
2000 cases against the P2P-ers (in French only, 5.04.2006)
U.K. music biz vexed by file sharing (4.04.2006)
Thousands more file sharers sued (4.04.2006)
8. Recommended reading
Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and all forms of Discrimination:
Comprehensive Implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and
Programme of Action - Report of the Intergovernmental Working Group on the
effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
on its fourth session.
The report contains the all presentations, discussions, conclusions from the
Chair and final recommendations from the  High Level Seminar on Racism and
the Internet that took place during 16-17 January 2006.
Full report (20.03.2006)
EDRI-gram : Combating Racism on Internet
9. Agenda
12 April 2006, Dublin, Ireland
Royal Irish Academy
"Enabling Open Access to Scientific Data and Information within the Modern
Knowledge Economy; the Case for a Scientific Commons"
15 April 2006,
Deadline funding applications Civil rights organisations and
initiatives are invited to send funding applications to the German
foundation 'Bridge - B|rgerrechte in der digitalen Gesellschaft'. A total of
15 000 euro is available for applications that promote civil rights in the
digitised society.
21-23 April 2006, Yale Law School, USA
Access to Knowledge Conference
Yale Information Society Project
27-28 April 2006, Washington, USA
IP Disputes of the Future - TACD
This conference will ask what will be the IP disputes in new fields of
technology, and how advances in biotechnology and information technologies
will change the nature of IP disputes.
30 April - 2 May 2006, Hamburg, Germany
LSPI Conference 2006 The First International Conference on Legal, Security
and Privacy Issues in IT
2-5 May 2006, Washington, USA
The Sixteenth Conference on Computers, Freedom & Privacy
3-6 May 2006, Wiesbaden, Germany
LinuxTag - Europe's biggest fair and congress around free software
10 May - 23 July 2006, Austria
Annual decentralized community event around free software lectures, panel
discussions, workshops, fairs and socialising
19 - 23 May 2006, Geneva, Switzerland
A new round of consultations on the convening of the Internet Governance
Forum will be held at the United Nations in Geneva on 19 May. The
consultations will be followed by a meeting of the IGF Advisory Group on
22 - 23 May 2006.
19-20 May 2006, Florence, Italy
E-privacy 2006
Trusted Computing, Data retention: privacy between new technologies and new
The central theme of this year's edition is data retention, but several
interventions on other relevant aspects of privacy protection are planned,
including Trusted Computing and the new issues raised by the draft reform of
Italian Criminal Law, with specific reference to Cybercrime.
20 May 2006, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Award Italia 2006
Nominations accepted until 21 April 2006
21 June 2006, Luxembourg
Safer Internet Forum 2006 Focus on two topics: "Children's use of new media"
and "Blocking access to illegal content: child sexual abuse images"
26-27 June 2006, Berlin, Germany
The Rising Power of Search-Engines on the Internet: Impacts on Users, Media
Policy, and Media Business
16 - 28 July 2006, Oxford, UK
Annenberg/Oxford Summer Institute: Global Media Policy: Technology and New
Themes in Media Regulation Application
deadline 1 May 2006.
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006 Students may apply for
funds to attend the workshop until 30 June 2006.
10. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-26 21:16:43
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.8, 26 April 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.8, 26 April 2006
1. EU report recommends open access to publicly funded scientific research
2. European Data Protection Supervisor presents annual report
3. Debate on the revision of Swiss copyright law
4. Hamburg court rules against forum providers
5. Access to Knowledge in the digital world
6. German music industry wants new powers
7. OECD focuses on global cooperation in tackling spam
8. EU pays for surveillance and control technologies
9. Agenda
10. About
1. EU report recommends open access to publicly funded scientific research
The EU report drafted by economists from Toulouse University and the Free
University of Brussels on the economic and technical evolution of scientific
publishing in Europe, published on 31 March 2006, recommends public access
to scientific research funded by the European taxpayer.
The report proposes the development of a European policy that would allow
researchers receiving EU funding to place copies of articles published in
subscription journals on web-based archives that can be accessed by everyone
for free. It also expressed the need to bspecify standards that will insure
that the archives are [accessible], interoperable, and have cross-searching
facilities. In addition, set up a general European archive for researchers
with access to a subject-based or institutional archive.b
Among many other recommendations, the report suggests the development of
electronic publications through the elimination of the bunfavorable tax
treatment of electronic publicationsb by reducing the VAT rate or by
introducing a tax refund. It is considered that the bhigher rate applied to
electronic delivery of information in Europe strongly affects European
research institutions, especially when compared to other countries where
electronic services are exempt from tax.b The authors also believe that
public funding and public-private partnerships should be formed to create
journal digital archives in areas such as social sciences and humanities
when there is little commercial interest.
This is a serious blow for traditional publishers of scientific journals who
are worried that subscriptions will drop. According to the report, the price
of scientific journals increased 300% more than the inflation rate during
the last 10 years, which put a limitation to the dissemination of knowledge
and scientific progress.
Janez Potocnik, European Science and Research Commissioner stated: bIt is
all our interests to find a model for scientific publication that serves
research excellence. We are ready to work with readers, authors, publishers,
and funding bodies to develop such a model.b
The European Commission waits for reactions and comments to the report as
well as other contributions related to scientific publications until June
Study of the economic and technical evolution of the scientific publication
markets in Europe (31.03.2006)
Brussels delivers blow to Reed Elsevier (19.04.2006)
European Commission Releases Key Scientific Publishing Report (10.04.2006)
2. European Data Protection Supervisor presents annual report
European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) 2005 annual report was presented
on the 19 April . As stated by the report, following the first year of
setting up the new independent authority on protecting personal data and
privacy, 2005 was a year of consolidation  confirming its main activities:
supervision, consultation and cooperation. The authority increased its staff
and set up its own press service.
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor, stated that EDPS is
now advising the European Commission, Council and Parliament on proposals of
new legislation affecting privacy and six formal opinions were published
last year in this context. Related mainly to the policy area "Justice,
Freedom and Security", these opinions included proposals such as the highly
controversial one on data retention, but also for large scale IT-systems
such as the second generation Schengen information system (SIS II) and the
Visa information system (VIS).
In 2005 efforts were made to further develop the network of Data Protection
Officers (DPOs) of institutions and bodies. A paper on the role of the
compulsory Data Protection Officers was published and advice and training
was also provided to DPOs. Resources were used to prior checking risky
operations (although most of them bex postb as the respective systems
already existed before EDPS was created).
EDPS ensured a series of tools facilitating the compliance of data
protection obligations by the EU administration as well as 34 opinions out
of which 30 on systems existing in various institutions and bodies. It
established some thematic priorities such as medical files, staff appraisal,
disciplinary procedures, social services and e-monitoring.
A background paper was also elaborated on how public access to documents and
data protection relate in the context of EU institutions and bodies.
As the supervisory authority of the central unit of Eurodac, EDPS prepared a
series of activities in 2005 expressing a general satisfaction on the
findings of the first stage of inspections.
Peter Hustinx expressed his trust in EDPS achievements during the first two
years of activity and considered progress has been made in developing a data
protection culture.
Consolidating the EDPS bsecond Annual Report presented b press release
EDPS 2005 Annual Report (19.04.2006)
EDRI-gram : Results data protection inspection EURODAC kept secret
EDRI-gram : EU Visa Database under scrutiny of the European Data Protection
3. Debate on the revision of Swiss copyright law
On April 6, the Swiss copyright office launched a discussion on the proposal
for the revision of the copyright law in Switzerland at its media event in
Berne. The Swiss copyright office presented a pocket guide as well as a
website and commented on the most important changes. The primary goal of the
copyright revision is the ratification of the two WIPO Internet Treaties.
A crucial point is the legal status conferred to technical copyright
protection measures, such as Digital Rights Management (DRM), and ensuring
prohibition of their circumvention. However, in contrast with copyright laws
passed in other countries, circumvention would be allowed for uses
authorized in general by copyright law (personal copies, fair use). File
downloading will remain legal, because users cannot be required to decide
whether a file is offered legally or not. The proposed law clarifies the
legal status of Internet Providers, stating that they can't be held
responsible for their customers' copyright infringements. The Federal
Council would also install an Observatory (Observatoire des mesures
techniques) to arbitrate between the different parties and to watch over the
use and misuse of technical protection measures. The Observatory was heavily
criticised by all sides, especially by consumer organisations because it
would lack power. Regarding the payment of rights, the Federal Council
favors the co-existence of their traditional levying by collecting
societies, and of direct automated levying through DRM technologies.
The website and the pocket guide are the result of a joint effort by
different interest groups and the Swiss copyright office. Their aim is to
stimulate the public debate and give a balanced view on the topic, e.g. the
harms and benefits of DRM systems. The pocket guide tries to explain the
proposed changes on a very general level, and quotations of different actors
give a first view on the debated issues. On the website, however, there is a
dubious flash game, sponsored by Microsoft, where people are encouraged to
hunt "pirates of ideas".
The Parliament will decide about the revision later this year. It is
expected that the different groups will try to change the law and even
expand the revision to include further regulations such as the introduction
of a tax levy for copy machines, or the rights on works made for an
employer. Several civil liberty groups, such as SIUG, comunica-ch and
Digitale Allmend are planning to protect their interests as users and
producers of digital content.
Proposal for the revision of copyright in Switzerland
Swiss Copyright Office - website and pocket guide
(Contribution by Daniel Boos, Member of SIUG and Digitale Allmend)
4. Hamburg court rules against forum providers
The first-instance court of Hamburg gave its final ruling on the liability
of forum comments, stating that moderators of internet forums are liable
for content posted on their sites.
Initially, the legislation held forum providers liable for illegal content
they had knowledge about and there was no obligation for them to search for
such content. This interpretation was now overruled by the Hamburg court who
considered providing forums as a business operation. Therefore forum
providers should be able to have sufficient staff and means to check out
comments on their forums. As the court stated, in case they cannot operate
accordingly, bthey either have to expand their in-house resources or [...]
reduce the scope of their business operations,"
The case originating the ruling was that of a forum member of German news
site Heise Online, who posted a script disrupting the business practices of
Universal Boards, a Munich company criticised for allegedly distributing
premium rate internet dialers and also accused of buying up expired domain
names to use them for advertising porn. The company asked the publisher to
remove the script, which it did, but it refused to sign a formal obligation.
Universal Boards then obtained from the district court a temporary
restraining order.
Without taking account of the argument given by Heise that verifying the
contents of more than 200,000 comments per month would be an unreasonable
burden on the publisher, the court considered that a publisher should have
been able to prevent such situations by "reviewing the content of the
comments before publishing them."
The court was not clear in whether every Web forum could be held liable or
only the services of the press. The statement refers to "people who operate
facilities in which content is disseminated as in the press." And this
"also applied for companies that disseminate content via the Internet." As a
result, probably every Internet forum will enter this category.
Heise is appealing this ruling.
First-instance district court of Hamburg says forum operators are liable for
comments (18.04.2006)
German court rules moderators liable for forum comments (21.04.2006)
5. Access to Knowledge in the digital world
international "Access to Knowledge" (A2K) conference.  Following two
workshops on the same theme held in 2005 in Geneva and London, the aim
of this conference was to  "come up with a new analytic framework for
analysing the possibly distortive effects of public policies relying
exclusively on intellectual property rightsb and to "support the
adoption and development of alternative ways to foster greater access
to knowledge in the digitally connected environment."
The Conference saw the participation of a large number of speakers and
observers from numerous countries, distributed among a packed set of
panels, ranging from larger, conceptual discussions on how political
actions and academic discourses around A2K should be framed, to the
nitty-gritty details of global Digital Rights Management laws and
regulations, licensing frameworks, wireless technologies, genetically
modified food and organisms etc.
The introductory plenary panel on "Framing Access To Knowledge" set up
the beat for the three days; Jack Balkin (law professor and director
of the Information Society Project at Yale Law School) highlighted how
A2K is a matter of distributional justice in "promoting economic
development and human flourishing in [this] historical moment, the
global information economy." On the other hand, Balkin continued, A2K
is about intellectual property but also goes beyond that.
As expected, intellectual property issues were a central element of
the overall debate during the conference, but Balkin's last remark was
generally recognized; and, arguably due to the widespread
participation of delegates and observers from developing countries,
several panels highlighted how, more often than not, infrastructural
obstacles are at least as much a worry for a proper policy maximizing
A2K as are laws regulating the distribution and widespread usage of
intellectual assets.
On the other hand, Joel Mokyr (professor of economic history at
Northwestern University) remarked how the debate around A2K should
strive to properly conceptualise what does "knowledge" mean, and care
on the costs of access should always be kept firmly in mind when
devising any policy in this area.  Prof. Mokyr suggested that the
sheer amount of information - and the need for such information to be
properly categorized, as well as the different needs of different
people and communities - will produce the occurance of "access
specialists", i.e. people that will serve as intermediaries and help
reducing the unavoidable information-gathering transaction costs that
are already emerging.
Many other points of view were presented during the three days;
although it would be impossible to cover all of them in this article,
luckily the conference organizers have set up a wiki, where it is
already possible to find notes from all the panels and related
"Access To Knowledge" Conference
Yale Access To Knowledge Wiki
Access To Knowledge Initiative Portal
CPTech's Access to Knowledge page
UNU-MERIT's Access 2 Knowledge Hub
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso - Italian consultant on digital policies)
6. German music industry wants new powers
Representatives of the German music industry asked for new powers in order
to obtain, without court order, personal information about alleged
file-sharers from Internet Service Providers.
In a recent event held in Munich by the Institute of Copyright and Media
Law, representatives of the rights holder associations claimed that this
change would improve the fight against piracy, through easier civil-law
suits against the alleged copyright infringers. This new obligation should
be imposed through the new changes in the copyright law for the
implementation of the IPR enforcement directive.
Director of the German Chapter of IFPI, Peter Zombik, explained, "The EU
Directive does not require a court order for the disclosure of such
information." He also called for an earlier implementation of the data
retention Directive, hoping that the retained data could be used in the
civil-law copyright cases. IFPI Germany is blaming the file-sharers for a
seventh consecutive annual decrease in turnover in CD sales.
On the other hand, Hannes Federrath, Professor of Information Security
Management at the University of Regensburg reminded that "What you are
demanding here goes beyond what prosecutors of consumers of child
pornography get."
These actions of the rights holder associations are also confirming the
worries of the privacy experts that the data retained in Europe on the basis
of the new Data retention Directive will be used with a much broader scope
than initially suggested b fighting terrorism.
Holders of copyrights want to have providers hand over information without
court orders (10.04.2006)
EDRI-gram:  Data Retention Directive: reactions related to the costs
involved (18.01.2006)
German Music Biz Hit by Pirates For Seventh Straight Year (22.03.2006)
7. OECD focuses on global cooperation in tackling spam
A new recommendation on the cross-border co-operation in the enforcement of
laws against spam was adopted by the OECD Council session on 13 April 2006,
completing the Anti-spam toolkit promoted by OECD since 2004.
The recommendation admits that there is not single solution for tackling the
spam issues and the international cooperation is the key in solving the
problem. The OECD document urges countries to ensure that their laws enable
enforcement authorities to share information with other countries and
promote the establishment of a single national contact point to facilitate
international cooperation.
According to OECD recommendation there are four important areas that need to
be taken into account by the member countries: establishing a domestic
framework, improving the ability to cooperate, improving procedures for
co-operation and cooperating with relevant private sector entities. Also the
education and awareness on the risks of spam and how to deal with it should
be an important factor to take into consideration.
The OECD Recommendation on Cross-Border Co-operation in the Enforcement of
Laws against Spam has been included in the updated version of the OECD
Anti-Spam toolkit that gives policy makers a comprehensive package of
concrete regulatory approaches, technical solutions, and industry
initiatives to fight spam.
The recent top of twelve spam relaying countries, over the first quarter of
2006, released by Sophos, presents six European countries as part of
this top: France, Poland, Spain, Germany, United Kingdom and Netherlands.
The top also shows that Europe is in danger of overtaking North America as
the second worst spam-relaying part of the world.
OECD urges governments and industry to do more to tackle spam (19.04.2006)
OECD Recommendation on Cross-Border Co-operation in the Enforcement of Laws
against Spam (19.04.2006)
Sophos report reveals latest 'dirty dozen' spam relaying countries
EDRI-gram: ITU wants codes of conduct for tackling global spam (15.03.2006)
OECD Anti-Spam Toolkit
8. EU pays for surveillance and control technologies
bArming Big Brotherb, a new report by Transnational Institute (TNI) and
Statewatch, reveals the army industry lobbying has led to creating a new
European security-industrial complex. According to this report, EU is
preparing to spend to b,1 billion per year on new "research" into
surveillance and control technologies.
Following the demands made in 2003 by the GoP (Group of Personalities)
including EU officials and Europebs largest IT and arms companies arguing
Europe multinationals needed a billion euros per year to compete with US
multinationals and Government, the European Commission appointed a European
Security Research Advisory Board to develop and implement the future
European Security Research Programme (ESRP).
Ben Hayes, the author of the report stated bThe ESRP is completely
unaccountable and gives multinational corporations an unacceptable role in
EU decision-making. This is contributing to a European security agenda in
the corporate rather than the public interestb&b
This claim is supported by the fact that 24 projects have already received
funding from the Commission out of which military organisations and defence
sector contractors are leading 17 of them. Another 10 projects deal with
research into high-tech surveillance systems.
The big four European arms companies have a combined annual revenue of
around 84 billion dollars, not far off the total EU budget. The author of
the report raises the question of whether the European citizens should
therefore pay the bill for the research of these companies.
Although some of the projects funded under the ESRP have a legitimate
objective focusing on radio-nuclear fallout and the protection of critical
infrastructure, the majority of these projects bdeal with surveillance and
the development of military technologies of political control offering
little guarantee as far as bsecurityb is concernedb.
The report argues that rather than facing serious threats like terrorism,
environmental degradation, climate change, diseases or other types of
insecurity, the ESRP is part of a EU strategy bfocused almost exclusively
the use of military force and new law enforcement technologies. Freedom and
democracy are being undermined by the very policies adopted in their name.b
There is already clear evidence that new law enforcement technologies,
unless under strict control, can damage civil liberties. The EU legislation
on the introduction of biometrics into passports and travel documents raises
serious privacy concerns. This creates an alarming image of a Europe in
which everybody is registered and fingerprinted, in which communications and
movements are monitored and in which this control is rather imposed by
bmilitary force rather than civilianconsentb.
Arming Big Brother makes an appeal to civil society to resist the
development of the security-industrial complex and the militarization of the
EU. Its author expresses his hope that the report may contribute to a larger
campaign against EU militarism and that independent groups will continue to
monitor the development and implementation of the ERSP.
Press release - Arming Big Brother: new research reveals the true costs of
Europe's security-industrial complex (25.04.2006)
Arming Big Brother The EUbs Security Research Programme (04.2006)
9. Agenda
27-28 April 2006, Washington, USA
IP Disputes of the Future - TACD
This conference will ask what will be the IP disputes in new fields of
technology, and how advances in biotechnology and information technologies
will change the nature of IP disputes.
30 April - 2 May 2006, Hamburg, Germany
LSPI Conference 2006 The First International Conference on Legal, Security
and Privacy Issues in IT
1-5 May 2006, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights (SCCR/14)
Crucial meeting which will decide on recommendations to the WIPO General
Assemblies in September on a draft WIPO Treaty on the Protection of
Broadcasting Organisations
2-5 May 2006, Washington, USA
The Sixteenth Conference on Computers, Freedom & Privacy
3 May 2006, ZC
Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-08-02 19:10:04
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.15, 2 August 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
     Number 4.15, 2 August 2006
EDRI-gram in German
1. Digital Rights Ireland Challenge to Data Retention
2. EU might fingerprint children even before 12 years old
3. End of activities Bits of Freedom
4. Telecom Italia wiretapping scandal
5. EU trying to push again biometrics on national ID cards
6. The French copyright law changed by the Constitutional Council
7. The Schengen Information System II delayed
8. Recommended reading
9. Agenda
10. About
EDRI-gram in German
Starting with July 2006, EDRI-gram will be available also in
German, a few days after the English edition. The translation is done by
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users. Translations are available for all 2006 editions back to
issue 3.23 at :
1.Digital Rights Ireland Challenge to Data Retention
The Irish Government filed a challenge to the data retention directive on
6 July 2006. The challenge had been announced some time before by the
Minister for Justice but was filed just before the time limit for the action
had expired.
The case challenges the legal basis for the directive, alleging that this
was a matter relating to criminal justice and as such the appropriate
measure would have been a framework decision under the third pillar.
The challenge is purely procedural in nature, however, and does not
address privacy concerns about the directive. It appears that Slovakia,
which shared Ireland's concerns about the legal basis and also voted against
the directive, has decided not to bring a challenge of its own but will
support the Irish case.
Digital Rights Ireland (DRI) has written to the Irish Minister for Justice
and Law Reform, the Minister for Communications, Marine and Natural
Resources and to the Garda (Police) Commissioner. They have looked for
undertakings from them to cease breaching the Constitutional, statutory and
European rights of the citizens of Ireland by discontinuing data retention.
Failing a positive response, they have instructed their solicitors, McGarr
Solicitors, to prepare legal action.
The DRI challenge relates to both domestic data retention schemes (in place
since 2002) and the data retention directive. The challenge will seek to
have the domestic laws struck down as illegal, unconstitutional, and in
breach of the European Convention on Human Rights. The challenge will also
seek an injunction restraining implementation of the directive and a
referral to the European Court of Justice to test the legality of the
T.J. McIntyre, University College Dublin law lecturer and chairman of DRI
said: "This is a complete reversal of the assumption that people are
innocent until proven guilty. This legislation is the first time we have
seen any state impose mass surveillance on its population on the basis that
at some point in the future someone might commit a crime.
This mass surveillance by the state is a breach of our right to privacy, as
set out in our constitution and in the European Convention on Human Rights.
At the moment, the movements and telephone calls of every citizen are being
monitored. If we allow the EU directive to be implemented, this surveillance
will extend to the emails and web browsing of every citizen.
The undertakings we have sought from the Ministers for Justice and
Communications and the Garda Commissioner are urgently required if the
ongoing breach of citizens' rights is to stop. If they are not forthcoming
we have informed all the parties that our legal team have instructions to
commence legal proceedings."
Ireland in court challenge to terror directive (20.5.2006):
Irish Government challenges Data Retention Directive - but ignores privacy
rights (7.07.2006)
DRI challenge to Data Retention (29.07.2006)
State may face legal challenge over its access to phone data (29.07.2006)
EDRI-gram : European parliament adopts data retention directive (18.01.2006)
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre, Digital Rights Ireland)
2. EU might fingerprint children even before 12 years old
The report from the EU Council Presidency meeting of 26 June 2006 proposes
that all children in the European Union should be mandatory fingerprinted if
they are over 12 years old. "If provided for by national legislation"  this
action could be extended to all children, even below 12 years of age.
The Council is putting under discussion fingerprints as compulsory for EU
passports in order to prevent passport fraud. The decision will be taken in
a secret  meeting of a committee made of representatives of the 25
governments and chaired by the European Commission.
The text proposed by the EU Council says that a member state can establish
the age limit as low as they want and after 12, this process is mandatory.
It will mean taking a biometric identifier from children at an "enrolment
The same document also proposes the "scanning of the facial image" from 0 to
12 of age with storage in a chip according to the national legislation and
compulsory after 12, for EU passports.
The scanning and storage on a "chip" means "digitising" the normal passport
picture sent by post, not requiring the presence of the child. Reports say
that small children are not suitable for "biometric face recognition by
means of a photograph".
The same issues are valid for fingerprints. The scientific studies have
shown that below the age of 6, fingerprints are not developed enough for
biometric capture.
The UK, meanwhile, stated that it had encountered no special problems in
collecting fingerprints from five-year-old asylum seekers. The tests were
carried out at 2 asylum centres in London and Liverpool and were meant to
prevent multiple registration for extra-benefits.
The different approaches of the member states on this matter was highlighted
also during the June meeting of the Visa Working Party. For instance,
Germany stated that the national legislation was stipulating the age of 14
for biometric data for German nationals but was in favour of a
differentiated approach and wished to go down to the age of 6 for visa
applicants. The UK delegation said that storing facial image "(at any age)"
was a security measure "even if it can not be used for facial recognition"
and stated that it could go down to 5 years old for fingerprinting, based on
the tests carried out in asylum centres. The Netherlands gave the age of 6
for taking fingerprints while Sweden also stated it could agree with the age
of 6 for passports.
According to Statewatch editor Tony Bunyan, the discussions in the EU
related to the minimum age for fingerprinting are just related to technical
possibilities and have nothing to do with whether this is right or wrong
from the moral or political standpoint. He stated these decisions are made
in secret meetings on the basis of secret documents, and do not take into
consideration the opinions of people and parliaments. Also, that with this
proposal, EU states will be given the freedom to fingerprint children from
the day they are born provided they have the necessary technology for that.
EU states will be free to fingerprint children from day one of their life as
soon as it is technologically possible (07.2006)
Report from the EU Council Presidency meeting ( 26.07.2006)
Report from the Visa Working Party/Mixed Committee(13-14.06.2006)
Millions of children to be fingerprinted (30.07.2006)
Asylum toddlers get fingerprinted (15.05.2006)
EDRI-gram : EU governments want 2 biometric identifiers for every citizen
3. End of activities Bits of Freedom
its activities. Since its establishment in 2000, Bits of Freedom has
successfully defended digital civil rights, such as privacy on the
Internet and online freedom of speech in the Netherlands. The board
of Bits of Freedom doesn't see any possibilities to continue the
activities now that the two employees (Maurice Wessling and Sjoera
Nas) have both decided to leave. Another cause for the demise of the
organisation is the continuing uncertainty about the finances. The
foundation does not have any financial reserve and in spite of
generous company sponsors and private donations, it was increasingly
difficult to create a workable budget. The office in Amsterdam will
be closed on 1 September and the organisation will not have employees
any more. Legally, the foundation will not be dismantled, in order to
allow the board to continue the annual presentation of the Big Brother
Since its establishment, Bits of Freedom has advocated the upkeep of
fundamental civil rights in the digital era. During the past 6 years
both governments and companies have initiated many measures and
activities that have endangered civil rights. Governments have
extended their powers in many ways. In stead of dedicated
investigations into the activities of people suspected of serious
crimes, law enforcement authorities silently but massively revert to
data-mining techniques to examine the daily behaviour of innocent
citizens. This sets unwarranted and unprecedented limits to personal
privacy. Necessity and effectiveness of many new legal measures have
- unjustly - been left out of the debate.
During the last six years, Bits of Freedom developed expertise on
many topics, from the legal interception of telephony and internet
communications to privacy & RFID. BOF also dedicated serious research
to other topics such as spam, copyrights and internet notice and
takedown. The organisation has fulfilled an important role as policy
watchdog and has alerted a large audience on many new threats to
civil rights. This was also made possible by collaborations with many
other academic and consumer organisations, individual experts and
Fundamental rights, especially privacy, are of the utmost importance.
Bits of Freedom definitely does not cease its activities with a
satisfied feeling of having accomplished the most important goals. To
the contrary, a bottom-up civil rights movement in the Netherlands
seems more necessary than ever. Bits of Freedom was one of the
founders of European Digital Rights in 2002. The employees and board
of Bits of Freedom wish EDRI success in its important future work.
Bits of Freedom
(Contribution by Maurice Wessling - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom Netherlands)
4. Telecom Italia wiretapping scandal
Telecom Italia, one of the major electronic communications providers in
Italy is in the middle of a huge scandal regarding the illegal wiretapping
and surveillance of the telephone networks.
The journalists from the weekly L'Espresso have proven that an entire system
called Radar was capable of recording sensitive information about millions
of Italians. The system was discovered by the internal audit, but also by
the Milan Prosecutors that have opened an investigation against Marco
Mancini, the deputy director and director of the first "foreign" or
counter-intelligence division SISMI (Military Intelligence and Security
Service) and his friends Giuliano Tavaroli former director of security in
Telecom Italia and Emanuele Cipriani, owner of the private investigation
company Polis d'Istinto.
Tavaroli, who occupied the key national position to which were passed all
authorized requests by magistrates to make wiretaps, has recently resigned
and is under investigation by the Milan Prosecutors for association in
violating privacy. In the computers of another central figure of the
scandal, Cipriani, the magistrates have found a huge archive of files
regarding magistrates, political persons, football players and referees -
all the major figures in the recent scandals in Italy. Apparently, wiretaps
that could have been used to blackmail them were also found during the
According to Telecom Italia's own investigation, their procedure and
machines used for the legal wiretaps had a number of flaws and it was
technically possible to spy on the telephone conversations, without leaving
any trace. Moreover the interceptions were analysed with two special
software programs: Enterprise Miner and Analyst's Notebook.
An investigation was started also by the Italian Data Protection Commission
(Garante per la protezione dei dati personali) to check if the personal
data protection requirements have been observed.
The situation has become much more complicated after the recent death of
Adamo Bove, an investigation cop and a leading expert on electronic
surveillance who apparently committed suicide by jumping from the highway.
Bove had been hired by TIM to manage their Radar software
system and had discovered a flaw in the system allowing people to enter the
Telecom system without a trace. He announced the fact to the Milan
magistrates, that has lead to the above-mentioned top-secret investigation.
The telecom wiretapping scandal has shown that private companies and
reporters in connection with SISMI were able to access information regarding
Italian citizens, using the system in place for legal wiretapping.
The man from the case "Thus they were spying for Telecom" speaks (only in
Italian, 2.06.2006)
The suicide thriller, poisons and a too slow investigation (only in Italian,
Telecom case - The Data Protection Authority makes a move (only in Italian,
Need for Enhanced Security Measures in Processing Telephone Traffic Data -
Decision of 1 June 2006 - Italian Data Protection Authority (1.06.2006)
007 Operazione Corriere (only in Italian, 1.06.2006)
5. EU trying to push again biometrics on national ID cards
According to a EU document presented by Statewatch in July 2006, The Visa
Working Party on 13-14 June 2006 proposed another approach on the issue of
the biometrics to be introduced on national ID cards.
The issue had met resistance back in February when several members of the
European Council have expressed doubts especially as Belgium and the Czech
Republic opposed to the measures proposed by EU, without a public
In December 2005 the two governments gave a statement by which expressed
their view that the introduction of biometrics into the ID national cards
involved discussions of private life protection, financial and
organizational issues, besides the technical aspect.
The report of the meeting of the Visa Working party state that Council's
Legal Service "confirmed that as there is no legal basis in the Treaty
governing these issues that could, indeed, be the way to take this matter
forward!", meaning the Council has no legal powers to introduce the
biometrics for national ID cards and leaving this issue at the decision of
each member state.
The Conclusions of the Council, although non-binding, are however used to
give legitimacy to the national measures thus paving the way for a
"harmonized" approach when enough member states follow the standards.
Biometrics and national ID cards back on the table (07.2006)
Report from the Visa Working Party/Mixed Committee(13-14.06.2006)
Commission to resurrect biometric ID cards? (02.02.2006)
6. The French copyright law changed by the Constitutional Council
The French Constitutional Council ruled on the most controversial copyright
and related rights law, known as DADVSI law, concluding that some
provisions of the law "violated the constitutional protections of property".
The Council has considered as unconstitutional several provisions adopted by
the French Parliament that were meant to balance the initial text which was
too much in favour of the industry, thus making the law even stricter.
One of the aspects considered by the Council as against the equality
principle was the gradual system in the application of fines for making
works available on P2P networks, which was ranging from 38 to
150 euros. Under the circumstances, the penalties remain at the level of 3
years of imprisonment and 300,000 euros in fines.
"By eliminating the reduced penalties, the council put ordinary people
sharing music back in the same league as criminal counterfeiters," said
Jean-Baptist Soufron, legal director for the Association of Audionautes.
Probably the most severe decision of the Council is related to provisions
related to interoperability. Basically the Council considered the government
did not define interoperability properly and withdrew interoperability from
the DRM circumventions exceptions.
This definitely pleased Apple. Dominique Menard, partner at the Lovells law
firm and a specialist in intellectual property said: "The Constitutional
Council has highlighted fundamental protections for intellectual property in
such a way as to put iTunes a little further from risk of the French law."
The Council changed also some of the provisions adopted by the French
Parliament making the creators of file-sharing software and software that
could interact with DRM-protected content to be sued by copyright holders,
even if the "software is intended for non-copyrighted contents".
The law, which is now stricter than the initial text, will be either
promulgated and then published in the Official Journal after which it can
enter into force or it can be resubmitted to the Parliament for further
DADVSI : The Constitutional Council makes the law tougher ! (27.07.2006)
The DADVSI law validated and made stricter by the Constitutional Council
EDRI-gram : New French copyright law gives Apple satisfaction (5.06.2006)
Parts of French "iPod law" ruled unconstitutional (29.07.2006)
7. The Schengen Information System II delayed
Scheduled to start operating in June 2006, the Schengen Information System
II (SIS II) that would allow the competent authorities in the Member States
to obtain information regarding certain categories of persons and property,
will be delayed, as it resulted from a meeting of ministers of the interior
and ministers of justice from EU member states in Brussels.
The reasons given for the delay were related to legal and technical
problems. Several European data protection commissioners who are
supposed to approve of SIS II have shown resistance to the system
considering there is not enough information of the way in which the
collected data will be used by the police. The degree of access of the
police to the biometric data included in the new passports has not yet been
established.  From the technical standpoint, the database system, initially
to be set up in Strasbourg by Steria Mummert Consulting and HP Belgium, now
undertaken by Unisys and Microsoft has not yet been completed as the data
base is supposed to contain all exist and entry data, which is a very
difficult task.
The integration of the new EU members in the system in 2007 appeared as no
longer realistic and the discussions are now whether to speed up the system
or prepare it in stages.
In the opinion of Bernhard Marfurt, the Swiss Ambassador for EU, developing
SIS II in stages might make it technically obsolete. "SIS II must above all
keep pace with technical developments," he said.
At a first phase, this delay means that in 2007 travellers will still have
to show their passports at the borders of EU with the new member states but
effects are expected in the long run as well. Events like the European
Soccer Championship in 2008 could determine Switzerland and Austria to take
the same attitude Germany took during the latest Soccer World Cup meaning
reintroducing their border controls during the event. The reintroduction of
border controls at EU borders in Germany was mainly aimed at stopping
potential criminals, especially violent football fans, from entering the
Schengen Information System II will experience a delay (26.07.2006)
Germany to temporarily have checks at its borders for the Football World Cup
Schengen Information System
EDRI-gram : EU Parliament Members want more privacy in SIS II (10.05.2006)
8.Recommended reading
Report with a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the
Council on the negotiations for an agreement with the United States of
America on the use of passenger name records (PNR) data to prevent and
combat terrorism and transnational crime, including organised crime.
Prepared by Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs
Rapporteur: Sophia in 't Veld
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006
3 August 2006 , Prague, Czech Republic
Travellers privacy and EU - One day seminar organized by Iuridicum Remedium,
providing a space for privacy experts to meet Czech officials to discuss
passports, biometrics, RFID, PNR deal and other issues related to privacy
risks possibly encountered by travellers in the EU.
14 August 2006, London, UK
Scrambling for Safety 8
Discussions on the two current Home Office RIPA
consultations (on government access to decryption keys and the code of
practice for government access to phone/Internet usage data).
2-4 September 2006, Jerusalem, Israel
NATO Advanced Research Workshop on Identity, Security and Democracy; Social,
Ethical and Policy implications of Automated Systems for Human
Identification organised by the Centre for Science, Society and Citizenship
and the Israeli Center for the Study of Bioterrorism.
7-8 September 2006, Munich, Germany
1st Conference on Policy, Law and Economics
of Intellectual Property - European Policy for Intellectual Property
14-16 September 2006, Berlin, Germany
Wizards of OS 4 Information Freedom Rules
14-15 September, Barcelona, Spain
A New Open Europe: Public access to documents and data protection
10. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-12-06 21:08:16
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.23, 6 December 2006 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.23, 6 December 2006
1. Google accused in Italy over shock video
2. EDPS warns against EU endangering data protection principles
3. French ISPs need to block websites
4. Hungary's President says no to the PNR agreement
5. Google has taken steps to settle the Belgium lawsuit
6. France - Using Social Security number to identify medical records
7. Article 29 Working Party expressed its opinion in the SWIFT case
8. Britain takes another step toward a new Bill of Rights
9. EU Commission wants to push fight against spam
10. France Parliament shifts to open source software
11. Campaign launched in UK to opt out of central medical database
12. Support EDRI-gram
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Google accused in Italy over shock video
A recent shock video published at the end of November on YouTube, the free
video hosting service now owned by Google, has triggered extensive reactions
in Italy. The video was showing a group of four Italian teenagers attacking
a 17-year-old disabled boy in a classroom in Turin. The attackers also made
a video of their actions that was posted on YouTube.
Although Google had deleted the movie as soon as they were informed about
it, the Italian Police has opened a criminal proceeding against Google - the
Italian subsidiary. The action included a police raid on the Milan offices
of Google.
Google Italy has confirmed that the videos published by the users go online
automatically and there is no editorial preventive filter from their part.
They have also claimed that they delete all the videos that are contrary to
their policy or have illegal content, but they rely mostly on their
community to signal the illegal content. Google's spokeswoman Rachel
Whetstone said: "We've been helping Italian police with the investigation
and we're happy to cooperate."
However, the Milan prosecutors have started a criminal case against two
employees of Google Italy, considering they were responsible for not
checking the content of that video before it went online. In this case
Google was treated as an Internet content provider, and, according to
law 62/2001 and art. 57 Penal Code, the webmaster is responsible
also for the third party actions and has also journalistic responsibility
to avoid "committing illegal acts".
It is interesting that the prosecutors did not consider Google as a hosting
provider and did not apply the Italian law 39/2002 that implemented the
European Directive 2001/31/EC on electronic commerce. According to this law,
there isn't a general obligation of preventive surveillance for Internet
providers, and only in the case of a decision of an authority, they should
remove or make specific content unavailable.
EDRi-member ALCEI has pointed out that there are important comments to take
into consideration such as " the responsibility of parents and educators,
the widespread deterioration of human and social values, the warping of
culture and behavior. " At the same time it has highlighted that some
people are using this opportunity to control free speech:
"They are "blaming" the internet for this awful episode - while it is
obvious that the disgusting idea of placing a video online provided a tool
for finding and persecuting the perpetrators, who otherwise would have
probably remained unidentified and uncontrolled. Political spokesmen (of
different parties across the "partisan" spectrum) are demanding or
suggesting new laws and regulations, apparently including and obligation to
obtain "written approval" by parents for minors to use the internet, but
also to increase censorship, filtering and control by providers. "
Italy's Minister of Education, Giuseppe Fioroni, considered the prosecutors
had correctly applied to the Internet the same legislation regulating
what can be published in newspapers or broadcast on television.
The outcome of the legal action against Google is not yet certain, but some
legal experts in Italy doubt its success. However, the main problem is
setting one more nasty precedent for Internet provider - responsibility and
control on user content.  In one word - censorship.
The "Google case" in Italy: one more excuse for censorship and repression
Not only the Google case (In Italian only, 27.11.2006)
Shock video against a disabled teen. A European directive could help Google
(In Italian only, 28.11.2006)
Interlex no 353 The Internetfobia strikes again with absurd legislative
proposals (In Italian only, 28.11.2006)
(Thanks to EDRI-member ALCEI )
2. EDPS warns against EU endangering data protection principles
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS), Peter Hustinx, has issued a
second opinion, following the one issued on 19 December 2005 on the Proposal
of the Commission for a Council Framework Decision on the protection of
personal data processed in the framework of police and judicial co-operation
in criminal matters.
The Commission proposal is presently under discussion within the Council of
Ministers and although Hustinx appreciates the attention given by the
Council to this proposal, he still voices concerns regarding the outcome of
the negotiations.
The text currently discussed has not included the amendments proposed by the
European Parliament in a legislative resolution issued on 27
September 2006 or the EDPS' opinions presented at the Conference of European
Data Protection Authorities.  The amendments proposed had in view the
enhancement of the level of protection afforded by the Framework Decision.
In some cases, the provisions of the Commission proposal regarding the
protection of citizens' data are even eliminated or very weak. Mr. Hustinx
thinks there is a great risk that the level of data protection is even lower
than before and warns the officials that they are endangering the data
protection principles.
Under the circumstances in which the exchange of police and judicial
information among Member States becomes more and more significant, a strong
legal framework should be in place to protect people's fundamental rights,
considers the EDPS. Although he understands the necessity of adopting the
Framework Decision as soon as possible, he urges the members of the Council
to give some time to the negotiations so that they may allow sufficient
protection for the data.
"If they succeed in agreeing on a high level of protection for all data,
including 'purely' domestic processing, they will at the same time improve
trust between EU police and judicial authorities," said Mr.Hustinx talking
about the Council members.
He also showed concern that the framework might allow processing of data
on religion, race or ethnic origin without sufficient protection and
also that there was not enough protection for the data obtained by the
bodies that are not involved with law enforcement. In this respect, he gave
the example of the SWIFT case where bank transaction details were
transferred to US.
The EDPS proposed a certain consistency of the data protection rules that
should apply to all the data exchanged in the police and judicial systems
that should not be limited to cross-border exchanges between Member States.
One other concern expressed by Mr.Hustinx is related to the right of a
person to be informed on the activities related to his (her) personal data.
"Some basic rights for data subjects, like the right to be informed, no
longer seem to be guaranteed," he stated, considering that making the right
to information dependent upon request was not acceptable.
The EDPS also believes that the Council should adopt a proposal on
processing specific data such as biometric data and DNA-profiles, whether
related to the principle of availability or not.
A cooperation agreement has been signed between the EDPS's office and the
European Ombudsman P Nikiforos Diamandouros with the purpose to inform each
other on relevant complaints.
A joint statement from both offices said: "Because maladministration
includes failure by the EU institutions to comply with their data protection
obligations, it is important that we coordinate on cases where our
competences partly overlap".
Second opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal
for a Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data
processed in the framework of police and judicial co-operation in criminal
matters (29.11.2006)
Ombudsman and Data Protection Supervisor sign Memorandum of Understanding
Data protections are being eroded, says European watchdog (30.11.2006)
3. French ISPs need to block websites
The Appeal Court in Paris has decided that the French ISPs need to block the
access to website AAARGH, considered as revisionist by the court.  This
decision was made even though the judges admitted that the measures would be
imperfect and the site would still be accessible through other means as
The action was started by a number of French anti-racist groups that have
first asked three US-based hosting providers to shut down the website of
AAARGH. But one of them refused to shut down the website and therefore the
anti-racist NGOs continued their action in the French court.
The 2004 French law that implements the EU E-commerce Directive gives the
possibility to the plaintiffs, after all the possible measures to convince
the hosting company to take down the illegal access have been exhausted, to
impose to the ISPs to filter the illegal content.
A first decision was taken in June 2005 when a lower court admitted the
action against the major 11 French ISPs.  The ISPs have asked in the appeal
that the site be included on the blacklists used for parental control and
have pointed out that the measure might block other legal websites, since an
entire IP address is blocked, not just the URL of a website. They presented
arguments that filtering methods are also very costly and not efficient. The
ISPs have also asked to pursue directly the authors of that website.
The Appeal Court rejected the ISPs appeal considering that their arguments
were already rejected within the parliamentary debates for this law. The
court also stated that the decision, even if imperfect, "has the merit of
reducing, as much as possible in the present technical situation, the access
of Internet users to an illegal site."
The imperfection of the ISPs filtering solution is obvious in this case, as
well. The AAARGH website can be accessed via any search engine. Also, even
before the legal procedures were over, the authors of the webpage changed
the hosting company and domain name and therefore now they freely explain
users how they can use anonymising software to get to their website.
Decision Court of Appeal Paris - Tiscali, AFA, etc vs. UEJF, J'Accuse, SOS
Racisme, etc. (only in French, 24.11.2006)
Case AAARGH: ISP Filtering obligation confirmed in appeal (only in French
Case AAARGH: Months of procedure for a inefficient filtering (only in French
4. Hungary's President says no to the PNR agreement
The Hungarian President Laszlo Solyom decided not to sign the national law
regarding the promulgation of the EU-US PNR (Passenger Name Records)
agreement and sent it back to the Parliament, considering that it can be
This is one of the few set-backs of the new EU-US PNR agreement concluded in
October 2006, even though there have been numerous critics to the content of
the new agreement that makes possible for air companies to send to US
authorities the personal data of the passengers that were registered in the
booking system.
According to the Hungarian President "it is necessary that the Parliament
make possible the forwarding of data in the act on promulgation of the
international agreement only in case the person in question has explicitly
approved of it. The President's opinion is that a regulation of such content
would not be contradictory to the international agreement."
Therefore Mr. Solyom asked the Parliament to re-discuss the bill and to
complete it with a rule that stipulates for the explicit approval of the
person in question to forward of his data abroad.
According to the presidential press release, Mr. Solyom has had
consultations with the data protection ombudsman and the general director of
Malev (Hungarian Airlines). Both of them considered that returning the
bill did not prevent the operation of overseas flights of the national air
Adam Foldes , the Data Protection Program Director within the the Hungarian
Civil Liberties Union commented on the events:
"Even if the Hungarian law on promulgating the PNR agreement includes
provisions on asking for the passengersb consent for handling their
data, it wonbt be very useful. How can anybody regard the consent as freely
given when the passengers are not allowed to board or disembark the airplane
without providing them.
Although the Presidentbs veto is not futile: the current agreement shall
expire no later than 31 July 2007. His veto should be a benchmark for the
Hungarian Government in the renegotiations. "
The Government might not push too much this issue since the U.S. President
promised last week that he will ask the Congress to waive the visa
obligations of the new EU member states. Dr. Kinga GC6ncz, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs was asked by journalists if the Presidentbs action could
jeopardise Hungarybs chances in obtaining a visa free status from the U.S.
The minister replied she hopes the problem will be solved soon as it might
cause problems in the long run.
Communique: Today Laszlo Solyom has returned to the Parliament the bill
about the promulgation of the agreement on registration of travellers' data
concluded between the European Union and the United States of America.
The Hungarian President of the Republic has vetoed the ratification of the
EU-US PNR Agreement (29.11.2006)
Draft of the Act on PNR Agreement (only in Hungarian, 10.2006)
EDRI-gram: New EU-US interim deal on Passenger Name Record (11.10.2006)
5. Google has taken steps to settle the Belgium lawsuit
Google has decided to settle with SOFAM and SCAM, two of the Belgian
newspapers groups having sued the company for using excerpts from their
articles in the Google News Belgium service.
SOFAM, a group representing the rights of photographers and SCAM, a group
representing journalists, had joined Copiepresse which had decided to take
legal action against Google in February, arguing that Google should have
signed agreements with the Belgium newspapers for using snippets of and
links to newspaper stories.
After the hearing in August 2006, a ruling obliged Goggle to remove the
links to the Belgium newspapers sites from its Google News service
threatening the company with a 1 million euro fine in case of
On 24 November 2006, during the re-hearing asked by Google, the company
reached a settlement with SOFAM and SCAM. Jessica Powell, a spokeswoman for
Google stated: "We reached an agreement with SOFAM and SCAM that will help
us make extensive use of their content," but did not give any details on the
agreement nor did she say whether similar agreements would be signed with
other plantiffs.
She also added : "Google respects copyright law, which we believe lies at
the heart of the creative process. As today's agreement demonstrates our
approach is to work in partnership with content creators and owners".
Although Goggle lawyers argued that the company did not break any copyright
law as it it only showed a link, headlines and a few lines from the
articles, Copiepress said Google affected the authors of the articles
because it gave away archived articles that authors sell.
A ruling on the hearing is expected in early January.
Google partially settles Belgian copyright case (27.11.2006)
Google settles copyright dispute with 2 groups in Belgium (24.11.2006)
EDRI-gram: Belgium says no to Google news (27.09.2006)
6. France - Using Social Security number to identify medical records
A new amendment proposed by the French Minister of Health Xavier Betrand is
considering using the National Identification Record (NIR) as the identifier
of a patient in the health sector.
NIR is a unique number of every person in France, included in the
national registry of natural persons. Created from data on the civil
status of French nationals and residents, the NIR allows indirect
identification of a person. It is made of 15 figures, indicating
gender, birth year, month and place (municipality or 99 for foreign
countries), and registering number of birth in the municipality. The
NIR is used by the Social Security Service and by employers in the
management of social benefits
The Health Minister has suggested an amendment to the draft law on
financing the Social security discussed by the French Senate. The text wants
to make the NIR as the key to access the personal medical record.
The usage of NIR has been limited, along the time, by the French Data
protection authority (CNIL) . But now there are voices within the
institution that will accept such an extension, with just a couple of weeks
before its opinion on this subject will be taken.
However, civil right groups have promptly reacted by pointing out that such
usage could open a dangerous backdoor in the security of the medical files
and will allow the interconnection of the sensitive data.
A public appeal has been initiated and opened for signatures on 2 December
2006 by Human Rights League (LDH) and DELIS (Droits Et Libertes face a
l'Informatisation de la Societe). The appeal is highlighting the fact that
the NIR could be found in various files and this is just the final step
before the interconnection. The NIR could be used as a social security
number, but also to access the personal medical records and therefore the
privacy right could be easily breached.
The appeal wants to prove to CNIL that the French citizens, in order to keep
the citizens freedom, do not want the extension of the NIR usage in the
personal medical records.
Appeal - My private life in the public eye, never ! Don't touch my social
security number (only in French, 2.12.2006)
Press Release of the LDH (Ligue des droits de l'homme) and DELIS (Droits Et
Libertes face a l'Informatisation de la Societe) (only in French, 1.12.2006)
The social security number could become the access key to the medical file
(only in French, 14.11.2006)
7. Article 29 Working Party expressed its opinion in the SWIFT case
On 21-22 November 2006, an opinion was adopted by the Privacy Commissioners
represented by Article 29 Working Group ruling against the Society for
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) for having
transferred transaction details to the US.
The Privacy Commissioners wanted to point out again that fighting terrorism
and crime should not lead to limiting citizens' fundamental rights and
strongly emphasized the need to observe data protection principles.
The Working Group decided that SWIFT, as a corporative company based in
Belgium, was subject to Belgian data protection law that implemented the
European Directive on data protection. It also decided that the financial
institution in EU using SWIFT were in their turn subject to the national
data protection laws implementing the EU directive as well.
The Commissioners considered that SWIFT was the primary responsible for the
processing and mirroring personal data while some responsibility for the
processing of their clients' data came to the financial institutions. They
also decided that SWIFT had to comply with the EU directive for data
protection and that the financial institutions using SWIFT's services had to
comply with the national laws on data protection.
Among the obligations, SWIFT must notify the processing and provide an
adequate level of protection for the data transferred. The financial
institutions have the obligation to verify that SWIFT complies with the law
and must have the necessary knowledge on the payment systems with their
characteristics and risks.  The Working Party also thought that, for the
purpose of transparency, the financial institutions should advise their
clients in cases when the transfer of their data involved certain risks.
It was considered that SWIFT was also in breach of the EU Directive by
the lack of transparency and efficient control in the data transfer
operations and by not observing the proportionality and necessity principles
as well as the guarantees for the personal data transfer to a third country.
Regarding the transfer of data to the US Treasury, the Working Party
considered that ".. the hidden, systematic, massive and long-term transfer
of personal data by SWIFT to the UST in a confidential, non-transparent and
systematic manner for years without effective legal grounds and without the
possibility of independent control by public data protection supervisory
authorities constitutes a violation of the fundamental European principles
as regards data protection and is not in accordance with Belgian and
European law."
The Working Party Opinion asks for the immediate cessation of the
infringements by SWIFT and the financial institutions and the compliance
with the European and national laws on data protection.
It also urges the financial institutions to inform their clients on the way
their personal data are processed and to advise them about the fact that US
authorities might have access to these data.
The Commissioners wanted to emphasize again that the terrorism fighting
measures must not limit the fundamental rights of citizens considering that:
"A key element of the fight against terrorism involves ensuring the
preservation of the fundamental rights which are the basis of democratic
societies and the very values that those advocating the use of violence seek
to destroy."
Press Release on the SWIFT Case following the adoption of the Article 29
Working Party opinion on the processing of personal data by the Society for
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) (23/11.2006)
8.  Britain takes another step toward a new Bill of Rights
The London School of Economics has commenced a project to help pave the way
for strengthened constitutional rights in Britain. The initiative is to be
conducted over the next two years by the School's newly formed Policy
Engagement Research Group that was founded earlier this year by Privacy
International's Simon Davies and Gus Hosein.
The issue of constitutional reform, particularly a Bill of Rights,  is on
the agenda of the main political parties. This year, Opposition Leader
David Cameron has made a commitment to replace the Human Rights Act with a
Bill of Rights, while the Liberal Democrats are committed to a written
constitution. Currently Britain relies on the Human Rights Act as the basis
for protections contained in the European Convention on Human Rights. The UK
legal provisions are considered by many to be inadequate.
The LSE venture called "Future Britain" will undertake a substantial
research effort and a national consultation to foster the debate about how
Britain should choose and implement a new Bill of Rights. Its aim is to
discover how other nations have considered such questions and then, through
broad consultation and outreach, assess these options in the context of a
modern Britain to see which may be most appropriate and which are most
likely to succeed.
The project supporters say its most important contribution will be to
create a neutral space for engagement. Future Britain aims to be the vehicle
that engages and informs the UK on the issue of constitutional rights reform
and might well be viewed as the first structured phase in the long road to
entrenching rights in a written British constitution. It will be formally
launched in February 2007. In the meantime the LSE will consult with
constitutional experts and rights groups to arrive at the project terms of
The initiative has the support of both the Conservatives and the Liberal
Democrats and will work with a wide range of groups including Justice,
Charter 88 and the UCL Constitution Unit.
Further information can be obtained through Simon Davies at
s.g.davies at lse.ac.uk
Cameron proposes UK Bill of Rights (26.06.2006)
Attorney General considers written constitution (9.10.2006)
Liberal Democrat commitment to Bill of Rights (01.2005)
9.  EU Commission wants to push fight against spam
The European Commission has criticized the member countries, considering
that they should better implement the present legal framework and fight
against spam, but also take more seriously into consideration the spyware
and malicious software issues.
According to the recent figures made public by Sophos, approx. 32% of the
world's spam comes from European countries, with France, Spain, Poland and
Italy on the top. And this situation occurs when all the EU countries have
implemented the 2002 E-privacy Directive that has imposed the opt-in
principle on spam. Cooperation in effectively implementing the legal acts is
lacking in most of the European Countries.
The Commission presented two European best practices in the fight against
spam. The Netherlands that has succeeded in cutting the domestic spam by 85%
through prosecution by OPTA that has 5 full-time employees for this topic
and 570 000 euros invested in equipment. In Finland proper filtering
measures have reduced spam from 80% to 30%. These measures together with
good online commercial practices in line with the data protection law are
among the measures envisaged by the Commission.
The Commission has also announced that it will reinforce the cooperation on
this topic with third countries, especially with the US and Asian countries.
Viviane Reding Commissioner for Information Society and Media added: "I will
revisit this issue again next year to see whether additional legislative
measures against spam are required."
In 2007 the Commission might make changes in the EU legislation in order to
increase the user privacy and security. The possible changes include the
obligation of the service providers to notify the security breaches and the
possibilty for any person with a legitimate interest to take legal action
against spam.
Communication From the Commission on Fighting spam, spyware and malicious
software (15.11.2006)
Fighting spam, spyware and malicious software: Member States should do
better, says Commission (27.11.2006)
Commission draws knives on spam (27.11.2006)
EU Commission urges states to do more against spam (27.11.2006)
10. France Parliament shifts to open source software
Starting with July 2007, the computers used by the French deputies will be
equipped with Linux operation system, Open Office software and Firefox
The project, initiated at the request of the General Assembly President, was
based on a study made by Atos Origin, a technology services company. The
study has shown that the open source software can be adapted to the needs of
the Members of the Parliament allowing for serious savings in spite of the
costs required by the change.
Benoit Sibaud, the president of APRIL (Association pour la Promotion et la
Recherche en Informatique Libre) which is supporting open source, stated
that switching to open source will give the French Parliament a better
control over its IT systems without being dependent on the software
supplier, at the same time giving the possibility to use the public
money for better purposes. Previous initiatives in this sense belong to the
French Ministry of Agriculture where open source software was chosen for
servers and to the French gendarmes who adopted Open Office and Firefox.
Open source software in the General Assembly (only in French - 22.11.2006)
Free Software for the deputies (only in French - 23.11.2006)
French parliament dumping Windows for Linux (27.11.2006)
11. Campaign launched in UK to opt out of central medical database
A campaign has been launched in the UK to get people to opt out of a
government scheme to upload medical records from family doctors'
surgeries into a central health database. TheBigOptOut.org was
launched in London on 29 November 2006 with support from NGOs such as
Foundation for Information Policy Research (FIPR) and No2ID. An opinion poll
published at the meeting shows that 53% of UK citizens do not approve of a
central medical records database with no right to opt out; another poll the
previous week had showed that 51% of family doctors do not intend to upload
data without patient consent.
The campaign urges people in England to write to their doctors
forbidding the upload of their data. The UK government response has
included a letter from the Chief Medical Officer which orders doctors
to report dissenters to the government; this letter was condemned by
the British Medical Association as telling doctors to breach patient
The Big Opt Out
Media coverage of campaign launch (27.11.2006)
Row between government and BMA, and latest news (1.12.2006)
(Contribution by EDRI-member Foundation for Information Policy Research -
12. Support EDRI-gram
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights
in the EU.
Thanks to your last years donations EDRi has been able to issue 24 editions
of EDRi-gram in 2006. To continue with EDRi-gram in 2007 we again ask
for your support.
If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making
a private donation, or interest your organisation in sponsorship. We
will gladly send you a confirmation for any amount above 250 euro.
KBC Bank Auderghem-Centre, Chaussee de Wavre 1662, 1160 Bruxelles,
Name: European Digital Rights Asbl
Bank account nr.: 733-0215021-02
IBAN: BE32 7330 2150 2102
BIC: KREDBEBB
13. Agenda
11-12 December 2006, Paris, France
LeWeb3: Third Les Blogs Conference
14 December 2006, Madrid, Spain
Conference on the Admissibility of Electronic Evidence in Court in Europe.
The final event of the project Admissibility of the Electronic Evidence in
Court in Europe (A.E.E.C.) funded by the European Commission and led by the
Spanish company Cybex.
27-30 December 2006, Berlin, Germany
23rd Chaos Communication Congress: "Who can you trust?"
17-19 January 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights
(SCCR) : First Session
20 January 2007, Paris, France
Big Brother Awards France
28 January 2007, Europe-wide
Data Protection Day: An initiative of the Council of Europe with the
support of the European Commission
19-23 February 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda :
Third Session
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-12-20 19:54:09
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.24, 20 December 2006 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.24, 20 December 2006
1. Support EDRI-gram
2. New Audiovisual Directive: First Reading in EU Parliament completed
3. Proposal of computers online searching in Germany
4. New EU recommendation includes the right of reply in the online media
5. Violent video games - a hot topic on the European agenda
6. Wiretapping scandal in Greece ends with record fine
7. Promotion of open standards in Poland
8. EUCD Best Practice Guide published
9. Biometric scanning is being tested in Heathrow Airport
10. UK government reacts to campaign opt out of central medical database
11. ENDitorial: AVMS Directive : TV or not TV b that is the question
12. Recommended reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Support EDRI-gram
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights
in the EU.
Thanks to your last years donations EDRi has been able to issue 24 editions
of EDRi-gram in 2006. To continue with EDRi-gram in 2007 we again ask
for your support.
If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making
a private donation, or interest your organisation in sponsorship. We
will gladly send you a confirmation for any amount above 250 euro.
KBC Bank Auderghem-Centre, Chaussee de Wavre 1662, 1160 Bruxelles,
Name: European Digital Rights Asbl
Bank account nr.: 733-0215021-02
IBAN: BE32 7330 2150 2102
BIC: KREDBEBB
2. New Audiovisual Directive: First Reading in EU Parliament completed
On 13 December 2006, exactly one year after the presentation of the revised
directive by the Commission, the European Parliament's Plenary voted on a
report on the draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive (AVMS) that was
prepared by the Parliament's Committee for Culture and Education.
In December 2005, the Commission proposed a set of new rules for television
regulation to bring it into line with new developments in audiovisual
technology and advertising. The new directive will amend the 1989
"Television without Frontiers" Directive, which was last revised in 1997,
and include, inter alia, new rules on advertising and the extension of the
directive to more audiovisual services than just 'classic' on-air
television. The proposal widened the scope of the directive also to 'non
linear audiovisual media services', i.e. on demand services, also on the
Parliament now amended the Commission proposal in first reading. The main
focus clearly laid on provisions regarding product placement and advertising
which were controversial enough. Definitions regarding the scope, namely of
linear and non-linear services were only slightly clarified by the
Parliament, despite concerns of many interest groups as well as some MEPs.
The EP vote also backed up the Commission proposal that those non-TV
audiovisual services, including so-called non-linear or on-demand services,
will be made subject to some basic content regulation.
After the Parliament's first reading under the co-decision procedure, it is
now again the Council's turn. While having agreed on a preliminary
compromise, the so called General Approach, on 13 November 2006, the Member
States will be working on a Common Position under the German Presidency as
from January 2007.
After that, the draft legislation will be sent back to the Parliament for
the second reading. This will give interest groups once again some b though
small- room for manoeuvre. The Common Position adopted by the Council will
become the new and only basis for discussion in a second reading. Amendments
may only relate to parts of the text which have already been subject of
amendments for the first reading.
In addition, a three-month time limit is laid down by the Treaty for the
Parliament to take action. Therefore the draft can be expected to be adopted
by both the EP and the Council still under German Presidency. Once adopted,
Member States will have two years to transpose the new directive into
national law.
AVMS Directive - Text adopted by the European Parliament (13.12.2006)
MEPs set new rules on TV commercials and product placement (13.12.2006)
Council of the European Union General Approach (13.11.2006)
(Contribution by Angelika Wessels, legal consultant, EU affairs)
3. Proposal of computers online searching in Germany
Earlier this year, Ingo Wolf, the Minister of the Interior of the German
Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia, and Wolfgang SchC$uble, the German
Federal Minister,  proposed  certain plans that would give the police and
the Interior Federal Office of Criminal Investigation permission to access
online computers of the German citizens of as a measure of internal
security. The plans have been were recently criticized by Germany's Federal
Data Protection Commissioner Peter Schaar.
In August, Mr. Wolf proposed a draft bill for a new Protection of the
Constitution Act giving the Office for the Protection of the Constitution
undercover access to "hard disks" and other "information technology systems"
on the Internet.
Later, in November 2006, Mr. SchC$uble's Program for Strengthening the
Federal Republicbs Internal Security allowing authorities to monitor online
forums was signed by the Budget Committee of the Bundestag and the lower
chamber of Germany's Federal Parliament.
Recently a judge at the German Federal Supreme Court has ruled that there
was no legal basis to allow authorities to make online searches of personal
Talking to Berlin daily Berliner Zeitung, Mr. Schaar, Federal Data
Protection Commissioner, expressed his reservations for this project stating
that an online search cannot be compared to a physical search of a person's
home. "In the case of a search via the Internet a police officer covertly,
without the person knowing about it, accesses a person's computer." By
searching through the Internet, an investigator would act as a "state
hacker" accessing personal data thus being in contradiction with bthe legal
obligation to protect the core of individuals' privacy," said the
"Instead of applying these methods of investigation, the state should
restrict its use of methods to those assigned to it by law," added Mr.
The Security program of the Federal Ministry of the Interior is still being
pursuit by Mr.SchC$uble. The program focuses on searching computers without
any physical access to them and on setting up an "Internet Monitoring and
Analysis Unit " at the Joint Center for Defense against Terrorism where it
will be possible to eavesdrop on Internet telephone calls and closed chat
The North-Rhine Westphalian bill for a new Protection of the
Constitution Act was adopted on 20 December 2006 by the state
Privacy activist Twister from the German group Stop1984 has announced to
challenge the law at the German constitutional court. "This is
outrageous", she said to EDRi-Gram. "They try to tell us that if you go
online, your computer is leaving your home and is out in the public. Have
they ever heard of firewalls and cybercrime? In the information age,
people have their most intimate and private information stored on their
hard drives, and there is an absolute barrier for government's spying eyes
here. And such a barrier has to be kept because privacy can not be
sacrificed in total for an illusion of security."
Data Protection Commissioner criticizes search of private PCs online
NRW state parliament has adopted law for domestic intelligence agency (in
German only, 20.12.2006)
Prosecuting and security authorities to be allowed to search PCs online
Schaar rejects government hacking. Data protection commissioner against
online-searches (only in German, 14.12.2006)
Federal Court of Justice prohibits online-searches of computer systems (only
in German, 11.12.2006)
EDRI-gram: License to hack: domestic Internet intelligence powers growing in
Germany (13.09.2006)
4. New EU recommendation includes the right of reply in the online media
The European Parliament adopted on 12 December 2006, at its second
reading, a recommendation on the protection of minors and human dignity and
on the right of reply in relation to the competitiveness of the European
audiovisual and online information services industry.
The right of reply in the online media has been heavily discussed also in
the previous years, including a much contested 2004 Council of Europe
Recommendation on the right of reply in the new media environment. In
practice the recommendation has not been implemented in the member
countries, but various human rights groups have expressed their serious
concerns regarding its practical effects on the freedom of expression.
The new document proposed by the Council considers again that: bIt is
appropriate for the right of reply or equivalent remedies to apply to
on-line media, and to take into account the specific features of the medium
and service concerned.b
The recommendation adopted by the European Parliament is now vaguer than
the initial text discussed in 2005 suggesting that the member states should
consider bthe introduction of measures into their domestic law or practice
regarding the right of reply or equivalent remedies in relation to on-line
media, with due regard for their domestic and constitutional legislative
provisions, and without prejudice to the possibility of adapting the manner
in which it is exercised to take into account the particularities of each
type of medium. b There is no hint on what should be considered as
bon-line
mediab or how an actual implementation of this recommendation could be
The right of reply in the new media is also included in the new Audiovisual
Media Services Directive recently adopted in its first reading by the
Parliament, but the text now refers only to the TV-like services on the
On the same occasion the Commission announced its interest for two other
activities for the safety of the Internet that have been discussed in the
previous EP meetings. The first one regards the possibility of
introducing a European free phone number or of extending an existing service
to assist Internet users by directing them to available complaint mechanisms
and information resources and providing information for parents about the
effectiveness of filtering software. The second initiative is related to
the possibility of supporting the establishment of a generic second level
domain name reserved for monitored sites committed to respect minors and
their rights, such as .KID.eu.
Keep children safe while browsing the Internet, Parliament says (12.12.2006)
European Parliament legislative resolution on the Council common position
for adopting a recommendation on the protection of minors and human dignity
and on the right of reply in relation to the competitiveness of the European
audiovisual and online information services industry (12.12.2006)
Common Position adopted by the Council - Recommendation on the protection of
minors and human dignity and on the right of reply in relation to the
competitiveness of the European audiovisual and on-line information services
industry (18.09.2006)
EDRI-gram: Council of Europe insists on right of reply (29.12.2004)
EDRI-gram:Rapporteur EU parliament: more liability for ISPs (6.04.2005)
5. Violent video games - a hot topic on the European agenda
Starting from a violent video game seen in Italy by Commissioner Frattini, a
new hot topic has started to be heavily discussed by European Union bodies
and Member States. Although the self-regulation measures are already in
place for some years, a new approach is pushed by the Italian Commissioner.
As previously reported by EDRI-gram, the violent video game debate started
in Italy where the Minister of Justice, Mr. Clemente Mastella, has
claimed that it would be advisable to create an "authority" that would
"decide on acceptable standards related to the modalities of sale" of
videogames, after the game "Rule of Rose" appeared on the market. The debate
was extended to the EU level by the Italian Commissioner for Justice,
Freedom and Security Franco Frattini that sent a letter to all the Internal
Affairs Ministries on this topic, asking them to do something about the
"dreadful" glorification of violence and the "obscene...brutal [and]
perverse" games distributed to Europe's children.
The first answer came very quickly from the Information Society
Commissioner, Mrs. Reading, that criticized his colleague in harsh terms:
"It is very unfortunate that my services were not pre-consulted before your
letter to the Ministers of Interior was sent out.b She also reminded that a
European self-regulation system for classification of the violent games -
called PEGI (Pan European Gaming Information) - had already been in place
since 2003, strongly backed up by Mrs. Reading. She emphasized that
the system was very similar to the one used for movies and it was the best
solution not to censor the content: "This is in line with the Commission's
view that measures taken to protect minors and human dignity must be
carefully balanced with the fundamental right to freedom of expression as
laid down in the Charter on Fundamental Rights of the European Union."
Another answer came from the UK Minister of Interior, John Reid that also
presented the PEGI system as a viable solution, if properly enforced. He
added that a retailer could face imprisonment in UK if it sold violent games
to minors.
Italy is not the only country where the violent video games are a hot topic.
A recent event was reported in the western part of Germany where an 18-year
old Counter Strike fan wounded several pupils at a school in Emsdetten
before killing himself. Politicians in Bavaria and Lower Saxony have
promptly reacted by drafting a new law that will fine and even imprison
videogame producers that will create games containing "cruel violence on
humans or human-looking characters."
Frattini has continued his critical remarks on the present system in a
declaration in the European Parliament and called for a
multidisciplinary approach to the problem. He considered that three
components needed to be encouraged: rating of movies and games, media
and technical solutions. Frattini also announced that in the spring of 2007
he would present to the Parliament a new declaration on cybercrime.
It is clear, at this point, that the present European system is put under
scrutiny, compliance with the voluntary rating system being considered as a
possible significant problem. This is why EU is planning a 2007 conference
on violent video games, where all the stakeholders could discuss and
eventually agree on the best practices to follow. The topic will still be
present on the agenda of the EU Justice Ministers meeting in January 2007,
when a legislative action could be initiated.
EU may regulate development and sale of violent video games (15.12.2006)
EU to take UK lead on violent video games (8.12.2006)
Euro commissioners swap slaps in video game row (24.11.2006)
German gamers face jail for acts of virtual violence (12.12.2006)
Franco Frattini - European Commissioner on Justice, Liberty and Security -
bDeclaration on violent games b(only in French, 13.12.2006)
EDRI-gram : Italian Minister of Justice proposes an authority for violent
videogames (22.10.2006)
6. Wiretapping scandal in Greece ends with record fine
As a result of the scandal related to the wiretapping of phone conversations
of several Greek officials, including Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis,
during the period August 2004 b March 2005, Vodafone was fined by the Greek
privacy committee for not having protected its network against hacking
The Greek Prime Minister, other ministers, top military officials, human
rights activists, the police, army and intelligence heads, journalists and
lawyers were illegally monitored for almost a year by unknown hackers
through the Vodafone network. The action was discovered in March 2005 but
the hackers behind the wiretapping have not been discovered.
Vodafone was blamed by the Hellenic Authority for the Information and
Communication Security and Privacy for obstructing its investigation and
failing to report the installation of the surveillance software and
therefore fined it with 76 million euro.
Vodafone had deactivated the legal surveillance system used by the hackers
too soon to trace them.
The Greek unit of Vodafone considers the action as groundless and intends to
contest the decision at the independent committee of the Council of State,
Greece's highest court of arbitration.
"Vodafone announced that it fully rejects the rationale of the authority and
considers the penalty illegal, unfair and totally groundless" stated
Vodafone's Greek operation.
Vodafone also intends to verify the responsibility of the Swedish technology
equipment maker Ericsson in this matter.
The Greek Parliament is also investigating the circumstances of the senior
Greek Vodafone officialbs death who was found hanged a little before the
illegal surveillance activities were discovered.
Greek privacy watchdog fines Vodafone over wiretapping scandal (14.12.2006)
EDRI-gram: Government communication illegally wiretapped in Greece
7. Promotion of open standards in Poland
On 14 December 2006 a Coalition for Open Standards was established by a
large group of IT companies and organizations in Poland with a view to
promote open technological standards.
The coalition aims at taking measures to ensure freedom of choice for IT
solutions for Polish citizens as well as businesses and administration
bodies by enforcing open standards for information storage and exchange.
The use of open standards has numerous advantages among which the
possibility to freely exchange information, the freedom of choosing the IT
tool suppliers, an increased flexibility and interoperability in
implementing IT solutions, an increased competitiveness and quality of
systems on the Polish market.
The lack of open standards leads to higher costs, closed formats for sharing
information requiring the use of specific software.
The Coalition for Open Standards includes companies present on the Polish
market, such as Corel, IBM, Macrologic, Novell, Oracle, etc.,
but also organizations such as Aviary.pl, Internet Society Poland, the
Professional Linux Association, the Cities Online Association and the PRO
Polish Software Market Association. The new coalition intends to promote
open standards through its website, as well as by educational and
campaigns for the public.
Large interest on open standards has been shown in many EU countries. Thus,
on 2 November, the Athens Internet Governance Forum hosted in Athens the
Open Standards, Interoperability and Government Procurement event where one
recommendation for Governments was to follow the example of countries such
as Denmark or Belgium in adopting Open Document Format especially for public
During the IGF meeting, a Dynamic Coalition on Open Standards
was created. This Dynamic Coalition wants to frame and define the most
urgent problems related to open technology standards and application
interoperability and suggest straightforward, workable solutions that can be
implemented by all stakeholders.
Polish Coalition for Open Standards
Open standards for information exchange and storage a prerequisite for the
information society development (14.12.2006)
Promoting Open Standards for the Participation Age (31.10.2006)
IGF Dynamic Coalition on Open Standards (2.11.2006)
8. EUCD Best Practice Guide published
A network of European civil society experts, including several EDRI members,
published in December 2006 a Best Practice guide for countries implementing
the EU copyright directive.
The guide aims at legislators and advocates of a
balanced copyright framework in countries hoping to join the EU in
the next decade. It shows how these countries can maximise
creativity, access to knowledge, but also political and cultural
participation within the EU copyright regime.
The project's wiki contains a more detailed analysis of existing member
states' legislation, and will continue as a resource for civil society
campaigners for copyright reform in Europe and around the world.
The guide, sponsored by the Open Society Institute, can now be freely
downloaded from the Internet.
Best Practice Guide - Implementing the EU Copyright Directive in the Digital
Age (12.2006)
EUCD Review and Implementation Wiki
(contribution by Ian Brown - EDRI-member Open Rights Group, UK)
9. Biometric scanning is being tested in Heathrow Airport
A biometric scanning system called miSense started to be used as a trial on
December 2006 at Heathrow Airport, as part of the International Air
Transport Association's Simplifying Passenger Travel Programme.
The system allows passengers to scan their passport and right index finger,
creating an electronic key that permits them to skip boarding queues, thus
aiming to simplify their journey through the airport. The UK Government
decided to use it to control immigration and check the identity of people
coming to Great Britain.
The UK immigration minister Liam Byrne, said the scanning system would
improve security but also allow the passengers to go through the check-in
more easily and rapidly: "I think it's going to be popular. People want
secure borders. If we can find a way of strengthening security and making it
easier for legitimate travellers to move around then I think the public are
going to want that."
Initially, the miSense system will be used for Heathrow's Terminal 3 flights
to Hong Kong and Dubai. A second stage of the trial will allow all
passengers flying from Terminal 3 to use the system by registering their 10
fingerprints, a scan of each eye and a scan of their face that will be
linked to their passport information. Then, the passengers will be provided
with a membership card that they can use to go through the system by using
only their fingerprints for identification.
Simon Davies from Privacy International considered that the biometric
scanning technology is still unstable and unreliable and pointed out: "At
this early stage of biometric understanding this programme can have only
extremely limited value."
The purpose of the trial is to check the technical performance of the system
and to see how it will be accepted by the passengers.
If successful, the system could adopted in airports all over the world.
miSense system
Face scans for air passengers a step nearer (8.12.2006)
Biometric science arrives at Heathrow (6.12.2006)
10. UK government reacts to campaign opt out of central medical database
English health minister Lord Warner has reacted to TheBigOptOut.org, a
campaign that mobilises citizens to opt out from a proposed national
medical database. He is offering patients an opt-out from one part of
the new system - a synopsis for emergency care, which contains things
like your prescriptions and whether you are diabetic. He is not
offering an easy opt-out from the full database. The plan is to upload
data from family doctors and hospitals over the next year or two, to
regional hosting centres. Custody of the data will then pass from
doctors to the Chief Medical Officer, a government official.
The campaign is now focussed on persuading people to forbid their
doctors from uploading the data in the first place. A November poll
showed that most general practitioners would not upload data without
patient consent; another showed that a majority of patients did not
approve of a compulsory central database.
The Big Opt Out
Latest media coverage of campaign (20.12.2006)
EDRI-gram: Campaign launched in UK to opt out of central medical database
(Contribution by EDRI-member Foundation for Information Policy Research -
11. ENDitorial: AVMS Directive : TV or not TV - that is the question
The discussions on the new Audiovisual Media Services Directive (AVMS) are
continuing unabated within the European Union's institutions. With regards
to Internet media, the Council of the European Union and the European
Parliament are moving in the same direction. The question is how far.
The new Directive proposed by the Commission in December 2005 (COM(2005)646)
was meant to modernize the Television without Frontiers Directive (TVWF),
which was last updated in 1997. Besides proposed liberalized rules for
classic television regarding advertisement or product placement that have
been widely discussed, the new Directive also introduces regulation for so
called 'non-linear audiovisual media services', including on the Internet -
a fact that did not receive wide public attention to date.
The adoption of the Directive is pursued under the co-decision procedure,
whereby both, the Council and the Parliament are involved in the process.
On 13 November, the 'Education, Youth and Culture Council' came up with a
first 'General Approach' proposing amendments to the Commission
Proposal of December 2005.
On Wednesday last week, 13 December, the European Parliament adopted a
legislative resolution on the AVMS in its first reading, also amending the
Commisson proposal.
In spite of the parallel discussions in the Parliament and the Council, the
two have slightly differing approaches on how far the new Directive will in
fact be applicable to Internet media, although they are moving in the same
The good news is that compared to the vague initial Commission proposal, the
current definition of 'non-linear audiovisual media services' has been
narrowed down considerably by both the Parliament and the Council.
Which Internet services will in the future be regulated by this EU
directive, however, remains unclear.
While the Council in its general approach sees it as "characteristic of
on-demand services that they are 'television-like'", and does not include
non-commercial services such as "private websites and services consisting of
the provision or distribution of audiovisual content generated by private
users for the purposes of sharing and exchange within communities of
interest" - obviously trying to exclude services like YouTube -, Parliament
is not that lucid.
The text adopted by the EP defines audiovisual media services, both off- and
online, still somewhat vaguely as services "the content of which is suitable
for television broadcasting irrespective of the delivery platform".
But also the Parliament acknowledges - in line with the service definition
of the EU Treaty - that non-economic activities "which are normally not
provided for remuneration, such as weblogs and other user-generated content
or any form of private correspondence, such as e-mails and private websites"
are not covered by the Directive.
But that's not a reason for celebration, yet. The Parliament's
report that was compiled from a number of Committee proposals under the
responsibility of rapporteur Ruth Hieronymi of the Committee for Culture and
Education in many points suggests additional regulation compared to the
initial proposal by the Commission.
For example, the right of reply was introduced for non-linear services
as well as an obligation for Member States to ensure that media service
providers provide filtering systems along with a stipulation that new
television sets shall be equipped with technical devices to enable certain
programmes to be filtered out.
While the Commission in its proposal stressed the 'country of origin
principle' - i.e. whatever is legal in one EU country is also licit in every
other Member State and must not be blocked -  the
Parliament in its resolution allows for derogations from this principle, the
introduction of which was initially mentioned as one of the main motives
for the update. For example, in a speech from 22 September 2005
Commissioner Reding stressed that " (...) an effective country of origin
principle - for me a cornerstone of the European audiovisual policy."
The results of the Parliament's first reading show improvements in some
areas, while the level of regulation was increased in others. Especially the
inconsistency in the country of origin principle makes it hard to find the
justification for the regulation of on-demand services under the AVMS, given
that many such provisions already exist in the EU e-Commerce Directive and
in national legislation.
The ongoing co-decision procedure will show how far this regulation will go
in the end and what the consequences of this "technologically neutral
approach" eventually will be for a still growing market. A market that
certainly would not have grown this fast had it been regulated in such a way
from the beginning.
Budapest Recommendations to the European Parliament on the draft Audiovisual
Media Services Directive (1.12.2006)
Speech by Viviane Reding, Audiovisual Conference * Between Culture and
Commerce - Liverpool (22.09.2005)
EDRi-gram: Draft Audiovisual Directive Limited To The TV-Like Services On
The Web (22.11.2006)
(Contribution by Christian MC6ller)
12. Recommended reading
The "principle of availability" - the free market in access to
data/intelligence will rely on "self-regulation" by the law enforcement
agencies and make accountability almost meaningless
Tony Bunyan, December 2006, Statewatch
13. Agenda
27-30 December 2006, Berlin, Germany
23rd Chaos Communication Congress: "Who can you trust?"
17-19 January 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights
(SCCR): First Session
20 January 2007, Paris, France
Big Brother Awards France
28 January 2007, Europe-wide
Data Protection Day: An initiative of the Council of Europe with the
support of the European Commission
19-23 February 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Third Session
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007). The deadline
for proposals is 20 January 2006
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-05 21:15:47
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.13, 5 July 2006 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
  Number 4.13, 5 July 2006
1. Creative Communities and Consumers in TACD Conference
2. Terrorist Finance Tracking Program raises privacy questions
3. Private hotlines questioned at EC Safer Internet Forum
4. Dutch Parliament opposes the new EU IPR draft directive
5. German experts think search engines should be monitored
6. Swedish file-sharing damage insurance company expands
7. New French copyright law gives Apple satisfaction
8. Google's victory in court against German publisher
9. Consultation launched by UK government on the controversial RIPA act
10. IPRED Directive Implementation in Italy
11. News on CoE activities on Human Rights in the Information Society
12. Book launch on Human Rights in the Global Information Society
13. Recommended reading
14. Agenda
15. About
1. Creative Communities and Consumers in TACD Conference
TACD (Trans-Atlantic Consumer Dialogues) organized a conference under the
title "New Relationships Between Creative Communities and Consumers" in
Paris on 19-20 June 2006.  Participants represented a wide range of
interests, including both artists' and consumers' organizations, but also
WIPO and the European Commission.
Several panels explored problems and possibilities in creators' and users'
rights in fields as various as gene research, drug development, software
production, entertainment industry, documentary films and scholarly
publishing.  The breadth of discussion and ideas presented was impressive.
One recurring theme was that creators and users of intellectual works are
not necessarily enemies; their interests are more common than conflicting.
Indeed often they are the same people: professional creators need to be able
to use earlier creations, and in the networked world consumers are
increasingly also creators.
As concerns the software development there was a strong opposition to
software patents and support for open standards, especially for interfaces
and file formats needed for interoperability. The dangers of monopolies and
the importance of free software were stressed, especially for basic
Regarding the entertainment industry (music and film), there was a
surprisingly strong consensus that some kind of flat rate and global
licensing system for file sharing and downloading would be a good thing and
that time has come for it. Nonetheless, it was noted there are still lots of
technical and legal problems to be solved.
Scholarly publishing was also debated, observing that the present system
serves mainly the interests of publishers, not those of creators or users
who are indeed mainly the same people - scientists.
A draft document called "Paris accord" containing a collection of
suggestions on how the various issues should be addressed was circulated and
discussed.  The treaty could give directions for the creation of a DRM-free
new music industry that would be beneficial for both artists and consumers.
However, the document remained a draft as there was no real attempt to
finalize it during the conference.  There was an agreement, however, that
something like it would be necessary and that work would continue although
no deadline was decided on its completion
Paris TACD conference - Neil Leyton report (29.06.2006)
TACD Workshop - the Paris Accord - 19-20 June 2006
"New Relationships Between Creative Communities and Consumers" - TACD
(Contribution by Tapani Tarvainen - EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland)
2. Terrorist Finance Tracking Program raises privacy questions
On 22-23 June 2006, the New York Times published a story uncovering an
international financial surveillance programme, called Terrorist Finance
Tracking Program, run by the US authorities. After the 11 September 2001
attacks, the US Treasury Department and/or CIA starting getting access to
international transfer data, available in the SWIFT database, in order to
investigate terrorist activity.
The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) is a
Belgian-based industry-owned co-operative that supplies a messaging
infrastructure to the global banking community. This 'community' consists of
banks, brokers and dealers, investment managers and their market
infrastructures in payments, securities, treasury and trade. SWIFT provides
messaging services and interface software to more than 7,863 financial
institutions in 204 countries and territories.
SWIFT's activities is overseen primarily by the National Bank of Belgium,
though other central banks are said to "have a legitimate interest in, or
responsibility for, the oversight of SWIFT, given SWIFT's role in their
domestic systems." Therefore it has international oversight in co-operation
with G-10 central banks.
After11 September 2001 SWIFT responded to some very broad US subpoenas.
SWIFT had considered at the time that it could not provide individualised
searches of the information and it had offered the U.S. Government access to
all transaction records. This has been a situation going on since then and
the financial authorities examined tens of thousands of confidential
financial transactions.
The Secretary for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Stuart
Levey confirmed that the Treasury Department had subpoenaed records on
terrorist-related transactions from SWIFT. He reported that the legal basis
was "routine and absolutely clear". Some US Representatives asked US
Department of Justice to investigate the New York Times for its actions for
violating the Espionage Act and other related federal statutes.
The European Commission said it had no jurisdiction over the transfer of
financial data to non-EU countries such as the US, considering that this was
a problem for the national legislation. Friso Abbing, EU spokesman on
justice and home affairs, stated that the European Union remained concerned
that civil liberties were being overlooked in the name of combating
terrorism: "Everyone agrees that in the fight against terrorism we do need
to have measures against the funding of terrorism. But the emphasis is that
this must be done with full respect in the respect of data privacy."
The Belgium government said that they were investigating the legality of the
searches. Prime-Minister Guy Verhofstadt stated that they needed to
determine if the rights of Belgium nationals and the Belgium Law have been
respected during this process within SWIFT.
The National Bank of Belgium acknowledged that it knew of the transfers and
The European Central Bank and the Bank of England were also aware that
customers' payment data were being accessed by US authorities.
There are serious privacy concerns that this classified program might also
be a violation of U.S. and European financial privacy laws, because
individual search warrants to access financial data were not obtained in
advance. Privacy International (PI) lists a number of inconsistencies with
this program, including the US claims that this is a narrowly focused
programme that is compliant with the law, while the Belgian Government has
concerns that the data is accessed without authorisation by a Belgian judge.
Or that, as with most cases of international co-operation, the country
seizing the data, i.e. the U.S., is claiming universal jurisdiction while
the regime responsible for protecting the data, the EU, is disavowing any
PI launched on 28 June 2006 an international campaign against the SWIFT
illeagal activities. They have filed simultaneous complaints with Data
Protection and Privacy regulators in 33 countries, considering that the
activity was undertaken without regard to legal process under Data
Protection law, and that the disclosures were made without any legal basis
or authority whatever. The scale of the operation, involving millions of
records, places this disclosure in the realm of a fishing exercise rather
than a legally authorised investigation.
Pulling a Swift one? Bank transfer information sent to U.S. authorities
PI launches campaign to suspend unlawful activities of finance giant
PI Complaint: Transfer of personal data from SWIFT to the U.S. Government
Belgian leader orders bank inquiry (26.06.2006)
NY Times accused of treason ( 26.06.2006)
Belgium probes US bank record searches(26.06.2006)
European Central Bank knew about US data access (29.06.2006)
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication - SWIFT
(Thanks to Gus Hosein - Privacy International)
3. Private hotlines questioned at EC Safer Internet Forum
With its newly adopted Communication on a 'comprehensive EU strategy to
promote and safeguard the rights of the child', the Commission intends to
pursue its global action on children's rights. One may however wonder
whether the strategy for fighting child porn on the Internet, which mostly
relies on private hotlines, is really efficient and compliant with the rule
of law.
These were the main issues raised at the afternoon session of the EC Safer
Internet Forum 2006, held in Luxembourg on 21 June, on 'Illegal Content:
Blocking access to child sexual abuse images'. Following the invitation of
the organizers, Rikke Frank Joergensen (Digital Rights Denmark) and Meryem
Marzouki (Imaginons un rC)seau Internet solidaire, IRIS - France) represented
EDRI. Other speakers were two representatives of private hotlines, Helena
KarlC)n (ECPAT Sweden) and Peter Robbins (UK Internet Watch Foundation - IWF)
and two representatives of ISPs, BenoC.t Lavigne (French ISP Association,
AFA) and Sabine Frank (German Search Engine Providers, FSM). The discussion
was introduced by Ola-Kristian Off (Norwegian lawyer and former ICRA
European Director) and moderated by Richard Swetenham (Head of the eContent
and Safer Internet Unit, EC DG INFSO).
organizations, be they ISPs or NGOs, and their cooperation with the police
to remove local content or block access to it when hosted on foreign
websites, are breaching the rule of law in that the police acts as the
judging power and ISPs as the executing power, as Joergensen exemplified
with the Danish case. At the EU level, Marzouki showed how freedom of
expression and creation, transparency and accountability, as well as the
risk of massive over-blocking of legal content are at stake when courts are
left outside the process. Other important issues were related to violations
of due process and dual criminality rules and, in some cases, to the loss of
evidence, which may result in preventing accurate investigations. ISP
representatives backed to a large extent these deep concerns, with Lavigne
discussing the efficiency of filtering, as well as its side effects mainly
in terms of threats to freedom of expression, and Frank insisting on the
transparency issue.
Despite all these risks, private hotlines representatives are pushing hard
towards generalizing blocking of access, as already practiced on a large
scale in 4 European countries. The UK and the 3 Scandinavian countries are
using blocking systems like British Telecom 'Cleanfeed' (recently analyzed
by Richard Clayton from EDRI member FIPR - UK), or the Swedish company
'Netclean Technologies' products and the blocking system of the Danish
Telecom operator TDC. KarlC)n even proposed to interconnect hotlines all
around the world following the SETI at Home project, and to set up an
international database of URL blacklists. Showing how IWF is cooperating
with other hotlines, ISPs and the police, Robbins said that IWF intends to
share its databases with other members of the Inhope network. He also
mentioned that IWF is currently sharing its blacklists with its members,
while licensing them to non IWF members.
The latter information made Marzouki wonder during the discussion whether
these practices could lead on the one hand to commercial business, like we
have witnessed content rating bureaus selling services, and on the other
hand to a 'least common denominator' strategy to define illegal content
throughout the world, and at least in Europe, without any court
intervention. Other participants to the Forum took the floor to raise the
issue of privacy: when tentative access is made to blocked content, what
happens with the personal data of individuals requesting these URLs, some
indeed on purpose, but some others only incidentally, without any intention
to access child porn content?
Despite the conclusions on the need for more hotline transparency, the Safer
Internet Forum 2006 clearly showed that civil liberty organizations must
remain very vigilant against the risk of worldwide interconnection of
blacklists and massive content blocking, without any sound legal decision.
RAPID: 'Commission launches comprehensive EU strategy to promote and
safeguard the rights of the child' (04.07.06)
EC Safer Internet Forum 2006 (21.06.06)
Rikke Frank Joergensen: 'Blocking access to child pornography. The Danish
Case' (21.06.2006)
Meryem Marzouki: 'Five Little Questions About Blocking Access to Child Porn
Images' (21.06.2006)
Richard Clayton: 'Failures in a Hybrid Content Blocking System' (1.06.2005)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS)
4. Dutch Parliament opposes the new EU IPR draft directive
The Dutch Parliament stated on 28 June 2006 that the European Commission has
no competence to propose a new directive that is focusing on criminalizing
intellectual property offences. The statement refers to a new draft
directive - Directive on criminal measures aimed at ensuring the enforcement
of intellectual property rights, 2005/0127 - revived by the European
Commission at the beginning of May 2006.
The Parliament also said that the Commission should present concrete
evidence why such a directive is needed, considering that the European body
should show why the measures are essential for the good functioning of the
single market. Also it considers that the directive might harmonise some
penalties, but the exchange of information among member states would be a
much more effective solution.
The conclusion of the text adressed to Mr. Frattini, Commissioner for
Justice, Freedom and Security, and adopted by the Dutch Parliament states
that: "Both Houses of the States-General conclude that no power has been
granted to the Community in respect of the aim of the proposed action.
Nonetheless, both Houses have b for the record b scrutinised the present
proposal by reference to the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality
and concluded that the proposal does not comply with them."
Commenting the decision of the Parliament, FFII analyst Ante Wessels notes
that : "The European Commission and the member states are now in the process
of circumscribing competence: How far can the Commission go? In this power
struggle the Dutch Parliament made its statement: the Commission went much
too far. Earlier Dutch minister of Justice Donner had already stated he was
not 'pleased'."
Letter of Dutch Parliament to Mr. Frattini (3.07.2006)
English Version
French Version
Dutch Parliament says No to European criminal law against IP violations
IP Enforcement Directive 2: European Community goes criminal
EDRi-gram : EU moves to criminalise IP offences (10.05.2006)
5.German experts think search engines should be monitored
During the workshop "The Rising Power of Search-Engines on
the Internet: Impacts on Users, Media Policy, and Media Business" that took
place in Berlin on 26-27 June 2006, the experts expressed the opinion that
the search engines should be more regulated.
Marcel Machill, a lecturer in journalism at Germany's Leipzig and Dortmund
universities stated that Google along with Yahoo and MSN were the main
source of information searches for 90% of the Germans, Google alone
accounting for 70%. He expressed serious concern related to the power of the
search engines that would be unconceivable in the classic media. Machill as
well as other experts considers Google should have the same responsibility
as other publishers not to allow access to illegal sites, such as those with
neo-Nazi content or x-rated ones and that mechanisms must be created to
protect children online and to address illegal content.
"Even if not targeted directly, browsing, surfing, or following suggestions
from search engines may lead to material containing unwanted, troublesome,
offensive, as well as surprising or amusing material. To be able to profit
from this opportunity, while still allowing for the protection of children
and for selective approaches to information gathering and communication, is
one of the most important tasks in further developing the internet." said
Machill also added that last year, the German subsidiaries of search engine
operators agreed to voluntarily filter sites with x-rated content or those
that incite to violence out of their results lists and that the Government
had to know how the search companies operate and had to regulate them if
However, according to Norbert Schneider, director of the North Rhine
Westphalia, the voluntary obligation to filter sites will have no effect
considering it just a  "weak regulation without any sanctions".
Machill also suggested the foundation of a public corporation in Europe to
counterbalance the power of the US search engines.
Google's position was expressed by public relations head Rachel Whetstone
who reaffirmed that the search engine was no newspaper or broadcasting
company and that they only applied an algorithm. She also stated that while
Google observed the local laws regarding the results displayed, they did not
wish to be the ones to decide on what people were supposed to see or not.
The Rising Power of Search-Engines on the Internet: Impacts on Users, Media
Policy, and Media Business
German Experts Criticize Google's Power (28.06.2006)
German experts want search engines to be monitored (30.06.2006)
6. Swedish company offers file-sharing damage insurance
Swedish company Tankafritt offers insurance against file sharing law suits
damages and intends to expand to other Scandinavian countries.
Magnus Brath, the owner of the company, found it in reaction to the
recent copyright infringement cases in Sweden. He also thinks he could
develop his business in countries like Norway and Denmark where there are
similar laws on file-sharing.
His company is a small one operating on membership basis. For about 15
euro/year the members are covered in case RIAA (Recording Industry
Association of America) asks for damages for copyright infringement..
According to Slyck.com, the probability of being sued by RIAA is 1:1,840, a
ration that is lower than that of dying from external causes which is
1:1,755, according to the US National Safety Council. Considering these
figures, the Tankafritt operation has all the chances of being a success.
While in UK such a system would not be considered legal as states the
Association of British Insurers, in Sweden, where there is a political party
for the relaxation of the intellectual property controls, the cause of file
sharers is very much supported.
A large controversy has been created recently by a raid on servers hosting
the Pirate Bay site as the raid has apparently put some legal business
offline as well.
File sharing damages insurer plans international expansion (3.07.2006)
P2P insurer will pay your fines if RIAA sues: $19/year! (28.06.2006)
RIAA's Grand Total: 10,037 - What are Your Odds? (2.05.2006)
EDRI-gram : Swedish torrent website Pirate Bay returns back home
7. New French copyright law gives Apple satisfaction
The most controversial DADVSI Law, now colloquially known also as "iTunes
Law", was finally adopted in the French Parliament with a compromise
allowing Apple to continue operating as before.
The law was adopted by the Parliament under emergency regime, which ended
with a mixed commission, normally made of 7 senators and 7 deputies, from
both the majority and the opposition. But the opposition left the
commission, after 55 more amendments were brought to it by the rapporteurs
at the very final step
The most controversial provision was that of interoperability. In a previous
draft, the law imposed measures to allow interoperability, obliging thus
Apple to give up its DRM system that made "iTunes" products strictly related
to i-Pods.
Apple reacted virulently, accusing of "state sponsored piracy" and
threatening to leave France altogether in case the law was passed as such.
The law as adopted now allows for the DRM and redefines the concept of
interoperability. The text provides for the protection of "the technical
measures meant to prevent or limit non-authorised use" and the fines for
breaking these systems have remained at the level of 3 750 euro. The
producers, distributors or promoters of technical solutions avoiding these
systems can get up to 6 months of imprisonment and 30 000 euro fines.
Interoperability is redefined in the sense that the text now reads: the
technical measures (meant to protect the works) must not result in impeding
interoperability, while observing copyright.
Still stating that all systems must interoperate, the new law allows,
however, for this requirement to be waived with the permission of the rights
holders. It actually means that Apple can continue to operation in the same
way as before with the permission of record labels and artists, only the
balance of power between Apple and the labels may shift more towards the
The idea of creating a group of mediators to deal with private copy
conflicts was changed to that of establishing a regulator of technical
measures as an independent authority.
The regulator will be responsible with seeing that the DRM systems do not
create additional limitations in the use of artistic works to those
explicitly expressed by the copyright holders.  The law covers only software
and technical systems producers without saying anything about consumer
associations or the open source creators.
The socialist deputies have already announced their intention to contest the
text of the law at the Constitutional Court.
Dadvsi draft finaly adopted by the Parliament (in French only,
France dilutes plans for iTunes law (26.06.2006)
Zut! France drops iTunes bombshell (30.06.2006)
Compromise on copyright (in French only, 23.06.2006)
 at 2-651865,36-787328 at 51-787425,0.html
EDRI-gram : French draft copyright law continues to be criticised
8. Google's victory in court against German publisher
Google has just obtained a significant victory against the German publisher
Wissenschaftliche Buchgesellschaft (WBG), having asked an injunction in a
German court to stop the giant from scanning books in its Books Library
WBG dropped their case on 28 June after the judge told them they had poor
chances in winning. Although backed by the German publishers associations,
the publisher failed to bring arguments in support of its action and the
court ruled that there was no copyright violation resulting from the
development of Google's project.
Google has undertaken to digitize library books and place the contents on
its search engine working within this process with six US libraries and one
in Oxford. The books that are out of copyright will be accessed without any
restrictions while books that are found to be covered by copyright are only
presented with bibliographic data and a few snippets. However, even for a
copyrighted book, Google has to scan the entire book in order to create the
index used for its search engine.
The German publisher wanted to stop Google from scanning copyrighted books
without permission but the court admitted Google's argument that the
publishing of short snippets did not infringe the German copyright law.
To make thinks even more complicated, Google considers that the action of
copying a book is covered by the copyright law of the country where the book
is copied and not by that of the country where the book publisher is.
Therefore if it scans a book from a US library is has to comply to US
copyright laws.
But Germany is not the only country where the giant faces opposition to this
project. The French group La Martiniere is also suing Google for
"counterfeiting and breach of intellectual property rights" as reported by
Agency France-Presse.
France's National Publishers' Union, representing over 400 publishers, has
also threatened to take Google to court and publishers in UK have expressed
opposition to the project as well. Google faces two lawsuits in the United
States from author and publisher groups on the same issue.
After the court ruling on 28 June, Google stated that they recognised the
importance of the copyright law as they considered that authors and
publishers were entitled to be rewarded for their creations. Google also
believes the project would also serve authors and publishers as their books
will be easily searchable on the search engine and it will also be easy for
the users to buy them.
David Drummond, senior vice president also expressed the dedication of the
company to the project. "Google is passionate about the digitization of
books, which we believe benefits everyone by making the world's knowledge
more accessible".
Legal victory for Google in library project (29.06.2006)
Partial Success for Google in a German Courtroom (29.06.2006)
Google Book project gets reprieve in Germany (29.06.2006)
9. Consultation launched by UK government on the controversial RIPA act
UK government has launched a consultation on codes of practice covering the
implementation of its communications surveillance laws that, lately, have
been largely debated on by privacy campaigners, internet service providers
as well as security specialists.
The UK Government has launched a public consultation on Part I and III of
The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA) Chapter II giving
increased power to public authorities in their access to citizens'
communications data.
The Home Office has published draft codes of practice for both parts of the
act for a 12-week consultation period, stating that the present
text has been modified to take into consideration the current practices, to
reduce bureaucracy and to deal with concerns expressed in relation to data
protection. It also stated that additional elements have been added
where the original draft was lacking in sufficient guidance.
Part 3 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA), allowing the
police to ask for the disclosure of encryption keys or force suspects to
decrypt encrypted data has not yet been implemented but the government
considers time has come for it. The arguments relate to the rapid
development of encryption products and the increased availability to such
products including integrated security features in operating systems.
Comments on the two draft codes are expected by 30 August.
Government launches new data retention consultation (20.06.2006)
EDRI-gram: UK Government asks for the encryption keys (24.05.2006)
Acquisition and Disclosure of Communication Data - A public consultation
10. IPRED Directive Implementation in Italy
By Legislative Decree no.140 of 16 March 2006, with more than one
month before the deadline, Italy implemented Directive 2004/48/EC on the
enforcement of intellectual property rights (IPRED) by amending law
no.633/1941, which has already been the subject of so many modifications
since its inception that several parties are calling for its complete
The most notable modifications to the Italian copyright law include the
presumption of ownership of the neighbouring rights, as it was already
the case for author's rights; the possibility for collective and
"representative" organizations to independently promote judicial actions in
order to defend their members' rights; the possibility to ask judges to
inhibit activities, including those by intermediaries, that can be construed
as an infringement of authors' or neighbouring rights; the possibility for
judges in the case of infringement "on a commercial scale"- on request of
the interested party - to order banking, financial and other commercial data
to be produced by the counterpart; a more detailed procedure to calculate
Some of the modifications were not so relevant, as the Italian judges have
already applied the same principles as a matter of custom and practice. For
example the Italian criminal procedures already contained norms that allow a
judge to apply a sanction in case a party delays of fails to put a writ in
practice. Or the so-called "right of information", by which a judge can
request third parties to produce relevant information they might have with
regards to an infringement.
The Italian implementation of IPRED has been severely criticized, among
others by Andrea Monti of ALCEI (Associazione per la Liberta` nella
Comunicazione Elettronica Interattiva - EDRi-member). In an article
published on the Italian journal "InterLex", Monti considered that the
Legislative Decree is too vague in its key parts - including the definition
of what is an "intermediary" and the type of evidences that must be produced
in order for a judicial injunction to be issued.
Text of Legislative Decree no. 140/16 March 2006 (only in Italian,
Andrea Monti, Copyright - a "particular" and "concrete" law (only in
Italian, 23.02.2006)
Explanatory report on the Italian implementation of IPRED (only in Italian)
EDRI-gram: New Italian IT legislation limits civil rights (1.03.2006)
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso, consultant on digital policies - Italy)
(Thanks to Ms. De Angelis - DDA Law Firm )
11. News on CoE activities on Human Rights in the Information Society
On 20 June, Rikke Frank Joergensen (Digital Rights Denmark) and Meryem
Marzouki (Imaginons un rC)seau Internet solidaire, IRIS - France)
participated as EDRI observers to the 5th Council of Europe meeting of the
Group of Specialists on Human Rights in the Information Society (MC-S-IS).
Among the many points on the agenda, the following news are worth reporting
at this step.
The draft Recommendation on empowering children in the new
information and communications environment has been submitted to the
CoE Steering Committee on the Media and New Communication Services
(CDMC), where some member states (France, Germany, Russia) expressed
their willing to make further comments before having it adopted.
EDRI previously reported on the important changes made to this
document by MC-S-IS group.
The group received information on CoE follow-up to the second phase
of the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS). This concerns
action line C8 on bCultural diversity and identity, linguistic
diversity and local contentb, C9 on bMediab and C10 on bThe ethical
dimension of the Internetb, as well as the Internet Governance Forum,
which will hold its first meeting in Athens, 30 October to 2 November
2006. EDRI proposed stronger cooperation between CoE and human rights
groups, i.e. through common workshops at the Forum.
The group was also informed that a new CoE Ad Hoc Committee on e-
democracy (CAHDE) was created, in the framework of the CoE project on
bGood governance in the information societyb. The CAHDE mandate,
which runs until December 2007, is inter alia to bexamine
developments on e-democracy/e-participation at European and
international level, with a view to identifying political, social,
ethical, legislative and technological issues and their
interdependenceb. Its first meeting will be held in September 2006.
While there is no observer status for NGOs non member of the CoE
Conference of INGOs, EDRI insisted on the need to associate NGOs
directly involved in these issues to the CAHDE works.
Given the very few (less than 15) answers received so far to the
questionnaire on the implementation by member States of the 2003
Declaration on freedom of communication on the Internet, EDRI
proposed that a European compliance study/mapping based on the
Declaration be rather commissioned by the group.
Finally, the second CoE Pan-European Forum on Human Rights in the
Information Society will be held in Erevan on 5-6 October 2006, on
the main theme of bEmpowering children and young peopleb.
EDRi-Gram : CoE Works On New Instrument On Children Empowerment On The
Net (15.03.06)
CoE MC-S-IS public website
WSIS follow-up action lines and Internet governance forum
CAHDE draft terms of reference
(Contribution by Rikke Frank Joergensen and Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-
members Digital Rights Denmark and IRIS)
12. Book launch on Human Rights in the Global Information Society
A new book on Human Rights in the Global Information Society, edited by
Rikke Frank JC8rgensen (EDRI board member from Digital Rights DK) was
presented 23 June 2006 in Copenhagen.
In the book, a number of scholars, human rights activists and practitioners
examine the links between information and communication technology (ICT) and
human rights, exploring the ways in which the information society can either
advance human rights around the world or threaten them. This includes issues
such as freedom of expression, access to information, privacy,
discrimination, freedom of assembly, political participation, gender
equality, minority rights, and intellectual property. The book was produced
during the World Summit of the Information Society process (2003-2005), and
the Introduction examines how human rights were dealt with within this
global ICT policy process.
Following the presentation of the book, Gus Hosein from Privacy
International / LSE and author of the book chapter on Privacy, gave a
keynote on 'Privacy, Terrorism and the New Security Agenda'.
In his presentation, Hosein illustrated with current examples how privacy
rights are being eroded, not least in a European context, and how the policy
dynamics of the 'new security agenda' stretches beyond terrorism into other
parts of our daily lives. He also addressed the intimate link between
privacy and other human rights, such as freedom of expression and freedom of
assembly, and stressed the need for more concerted civil society actions in
Europe on these issues.
Human Rights in the Global Information Society
Danish Human Rights Institute
Digital Rights Denmark
Danish WSIS network
(Contribution by Rikke Frank JC8rgensen  - EDRi-member Digital Rights
13. Recommanded Reading
Michelle Child - Notes of Barcelona Conference "The Proposed WIPO Treaty on
the Protection of Broadcasting Organizations: From the Rome Convention to
Podcasting" -  21 June 2006
Report on the situation of fundamental rights in the EU in 2005
European Commission opened an online public consultation on radio frequency
identification (RFID)
Read also the consultation background paper
14. Agenda
7 July 2006, Zurich, Switzerland
Free cultures - a Free Internet. Internet Governance and Switzerland
Who is supposed to govern the internet? A symposium on the "Internet
Governance Forum" will be looking for the answers.
16 - 28 July 2006, Oxford, UK
Annenberg/Oxford Summer Institute: Global Media Policy: Technology and
New Themes in Media Regulation
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006
3 August 2006 , Prague, Czech Republic
Travelers privacy and EU - One day seminar organized by Iuridicum
Remedium, providing a space for privacy experts to meet Czech
officials to discuss passports, biometrics, RFID, PNR deal and other
issues related to privacy risks possibly encountered by travellers in
the EU.
14-16 September 2006, Berlin, Germany
Wizards of OS 4 Information Freedom Rules
15. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-06-07 17:35:43
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.11, 7 June  2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.11, 7 June 2006
1. EU-US agreement on passenger data transfer annulled
2. Frankfurt Appellate Court says online demonstration is not coercion
3. New Czech Police draft act allows taking DNA samples by force
4. Content flatrate is feasible according to French study
5. Campaign against censorship on the Internet
6. Journalistic protection for online journalists and bloggers
7. Dutch Gamer in US intelligence spotlight
8. Private copy system under scrutiny
9. Agenda
10. About
1. EU-US agreement on passenger data transfer annulled
The European Parliament obtained the annulment by the European Court of
Justice of the agreement between the European Community and the US
Government on the transfer of passenger name records (PNR) from foreign
carriers to the US with the view to combat terrorism and maintain national
security. In order to prevent problems the agreement will be still in force
until 30 September 2006. Until then the Member States have time to solve the
legal issues arising from the annulment within or outside the EU context.
After 11 September 2001 air carriers flying from Europe to the US were in a
dilemma. The US Government required to access personal data of travellers
contained in the databases of all foreign carriers. On the other hand, 1995
EU Directive on data protection restricts the transfer of personal data from
one jurisdiction to another unless there is adequate protection of that
Following a series of negotiations to solve this dilemma during 2002 and
2003 on issues related to the amount of data transferred, the period of data
retention and data protection, an agreement between EU and US entered into
force in May 2004. The European Commission also decided that the US provided
adequate protection for the data transfer to take place.
The European Parliament however considered that data transfer should not
take place unless greater data protection measures were taken.It also found
that the European Commission had no legal jurisdiction to conclude such an
agreement and therefore decided to challenge the agreement at the European
Court of Justice.
The decision of the Court was taken considering the European Commission had
no legal authority to conclude such an agreement as the Directive does not
apply to this kind of data transfer.
The Commission disagreed and considered that the carriers process PNR data
within the Community jurisdiction and then make the transfer of these data
to US so these activities of private parties are related to public security
and therefore are regulated by the Directive.
The court considered that the transfer of PNR data to the US concerns public
security, and as private operators must operate
within a framework established by public authorities, the European
Commission was acting in the area of public security in which it has no
jurisdiction. The court concluded that both the agreement and the decision
on adequacy were based on the wrong legal base.
However, the court decided on the annulment of the agreement without
considering the other pleas from the Parliament related to the privacy and
human rights aspects of the agreement. This leaves open the possibility of
bi-lateral agreements between the US and each EU member state.
The decision of the Court therefore should not be considered as a real
victory of the European Parliament, which has no power of approval over such
treaties or the power to bring legal actions against them. There is also the
risk that such a separate treaty signed between a member state and the US
could be even worse than the original agreement from the point of view of
data protection standards.
Judgment of the Court of Justice - PNR case (30.05.2006)
European Court of Justice press release (30.05.2006)
Courts annul EU-US air data deal (30.05.2006)
EU-US passenger data transfer deal annulled by European Court (30.05.2006)
Statewatch's Observatory on the exchange of data on passengers (PNR)
Staying vigilant after EU-US PNR deal cancelation (French only, 31.05.2006)
EDRI-gram : Advocate General European Court rejects PNR deal (5.12.2005)
2. Frankfurt Appellate Court says online demonstration is not coercion
The collective blockade of a corporate website in the context of a
political event is not violence or coercion but legitimate free
expression, a German Higher Regional Court in Frankfurt decided on 22 May.
The decision came almost five years after the online demonstration took
place. The groups "Libertad" and "Kein Mensch ist illegal" (No Human is
Illegal) had called for an online blockade of Lufthansa's website to
protest against the company's participation in the deportation of
asylum-seekers. With a script- (client-) based distributed denial of
service attack, the Lufthansa web servers were supposed to be blocked
during the annual company's shareholders assembly on 20 June 2001. Though
Lufthansa was mostly able to adapt to the protest by renting more
bandwidth for that day, the event created significant public interest.
13000 people participated in the demonstration, the Federal Ministry of
Justice publicly questioned its legality, and others even spoke about
"computer sabotage". The online demonstration was accompanied by an
offline protest at the shareholders assembly venue. The organizers had
tried to register the online protest with the authorities beforehand like
a normal demonstration, but had been rejected.
While the organizers called the demonstration a modern form of non-violent
blockade and referred to their constitutional right to freedom of
assembly, Lufthansa and the Frankfurt public attorney saw in it a call to
coercion. The offices of Frankfurt-based group Libertad were searched and
computers seized, and the main official organizer, Andreas-Thomas Vogel,
was indicted. Investigations were led by the state security branch of the
police and the attorney's office. The Frankfurt district court convicted
Vogel to a fine in summer 2005, and ruled that the demonstration equalled
coercion against Lufthansa and other website visitors.
The first criminal chamber of the Frankfurt Appelate Court now dropped all
charges and ruled (No. 1 Ss 319/05) that the demonstration was
in fact no violence or coercion, but had been targeted at influencing
public opinion. Therefore it was legal. Libertad spokesman Hans-Peter
Kartenberg commented: "The Internet, in spite of its virtuality, is a real
public space. Where dirty deals are made, there you can and must also
protest against them." This ruling will be important in the future
development in this legal field, as this trial had been the first criminal
case about online demonstrations in Germany.
Decision by the Frankfurt Appellate Court (in German only, 22.05.2006)
Statement by Libertad on the ruling (in German only, 1.06.2006)
Higher Regional Court says online demonstration is not force
In German (1.06.2006)
In English (2.06.2006)
(Contribution by Ralf Bendrath, EDRi-member Netzwerk Neue Medien, Germany)
3. New Czech Police draft act allows taking DNA samples by force
The Czech Senate, upper chamber of the Parliament, approved on 25 May 2006
the amendment of the Criminal Proceedings Code and Police Act, which
empowers police officers to take DNA samples and other identification
samples as fingerprints.
According to the draft police can take the DNA samples even by using force
in case of resistance. Currently, a person may refuse to provide the saliva
sample, which could result only in aprocedural fine of maximum 2800 Eur.
The new amendment foresees that the DNA samples can be taken from people
suspected, charged, accused, sentenced or in execution of protective
measures. The amendment also contains provisions authorizing massive DNA
sampling from all people that are imprisoned for wilful crimes. This
purposed measure will concern approximately 12 000 people.
Due to the necessary financial resources for processing the DNA samples into
DNA profile, there is going to be a substantial delay in this activity. It
means in fact, that the police will hold complete DNA's of thousands of
detainees  for an unknown period. There is a standard that requires the
destruction of the original sample, after the DNA has been processed into
the profile.
EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium elaborated a paper with an overview of the
risks of the new law. The draft paper was disseminated and distributed to
the lawmakers. However, the bill was passed surprisingly easyly in both
Parliament chambers, after an intensive lobby of the Police Forensic
Institute, the institution that manages the National DNA Database.
Despite highlighting the human rights risks of the amendment, the bill was
supported by 43 of the 49 present senators. Only some senators expressed
their doubts about broadening police powers without appropriate safeguards
for the rights of the concerned persons.
The bill is waiting to be signed by the President of the Republic. In case
he does not sign it, the law will not enter into force, because the lower
chamber does not have the opportunity to take a vote on it, since it is
dissolved due to elections.
Legislative process of the amendment to the Police Act
 (in Czech only)
Comments from Iuridicum Remedium on the draft act
 (in Czech only, 15.05.2006)
Police will be able to forcibly take DNA sample from detained persons
 (in Czech
only, 25.05 2006)
(Contribution by Helena Svatosova - EDRI-member Iuridicum Remedium - Czech
4.Content flatrate is feasible according to French study
Nothing in the national law and international obligations prevents states
from permitting file-sharing as long as they subject it to a levy. This is
the conclusion of a legal feasibility study under the supervision of Prof.
Andri Lucas, the most renowned copyright scholar in France.
The study on the feasibility of compensation for peer-to-peer file-sharing,
first released in French in June 2005, has been translated into English for
wider accessibility. The translation has been conducted at the initiative of
the German advocacy group privatkopie.net with the support of BEUC, the
European Consumers's Organisation, and Stiftung Bridge.
The analysis concludes that downloading is covered by the private copying
exception, provided that the existing system of remuneration is adapted.
Internet service providers would have to pay a levy, just as the
manufacturers and importers of blank media do today.
For uploading, the authors envisage subjecting the so called making
available right to mandatory collective management. In short, "compulsory
collective management is not perceived as reversing the fundamental
principles of copyright, but instead 'reinforcing and (..) organising the
protection granted to authors against infringements of their fundamental
rights, as consecrated in French law since 1793".
L'Alliance Public-Artistes has supported its arguments for a Global Licence
by additional studies on the technical and economic feasibility. The latter
find that a levy of 5 Euros per month is economically justified. These
studies have thoroughly invalidated arguments that a flat rate compensation
for legal file-sharing is not compatible with national, European and
international copyright law and that it threatens the emerging online
market. Such arguments were brought forth, among others, by the German
Ministry of Justice.
With reference to the Lucas study, Members of French Parliament from both
the conservative ruling party as well as from the socialist party have
advanced amendments to the recent copyright law reform in France with the
aim of introducing a Global Licence. The National Assembly passed these
amendments on 22 December 2005.
The Global Licence was a reality in the proposals for a short period of
time. The rights industry only managed to get it rolled back by an
unprecedented campaign that Liberation called "total war on the Global
Licence". When the administration brought the draft copyright law up for
vote in the French National Assembly in January again, the provision on the
Global Licence was gone.
Privatkopie.net considers that collective rights management is ideally
suited for the individual mass medium Internet. It is legally, technically
and economically feasible. Privatkopie.net also expresses its hope in
increasing the rationality of the international copyright debate by
releasing an English translation of the Lucas study.
Peer-to-peer File Sharing and Literary and Artistic Property - A Feasibility
Study regarding a system of compensation for the exchange of works via the
English Version (03.2006)
French Version  (05.2005)
Study Shows : Content Flatrate is Feasible! (28.05.2006)
EDRI-gram : Update on French EUCD Transposition (29.03.2006)
(Contribution by Volker Grassmuck , privatkopie.net)
5.Campaign against censorship on the Internet
Amnesty International together with The Observer and Soda Creative launched
a campaign called irrepressible.info against the increasing governmental
censorship of the internet. The campaign asks governments to stop censoring
websites, blocking emails or shutting down blogs and make an appeal to the
big corporations to stop supporting these actions.
The Irrepressible.info website set up for the campaign includes a badge with
parts of censored information and people are urged to send emails including
this badge. Thus the censored information can be transmitted all around the
globe. The website includes also a pledge that will be presented at the
Internet Governance Forum meeting in Athens in November 2006 where
governments and companies from all over the world will discuss the future of
the Internet. The pledge that has been signed by more than 20 000
individuals says: "I believe the Internet should be a force for political
freedom, not repression. People have the right to seek and receive
information and to express their peaceful beliefs online without fear or
Amnesty is urging people to petition governments to cease censoring the web.
It also urged technology companies not to facilitate such activities.
Information technology companies "have helped build the systems that enable
surveillance and censorship to take place", Amnesty claims.
In the campaign-launching article Kate Allen, UK director of Amnesty
International, criticised technology companies that allow censorship and
provide information to governments convicting political dissidents.
Irrepressible.info gives Yahoo, Microsoft and even Google as examples of
companies having provided confidential user information to the Chinese
authorities resulting in suppression of freedom of expression, and even
The big companies defend their position and consider that entering
restricted countries such as China is for the good of the local population
because some information is better than none.
Amnesty - Irrepressible.info campaign
Amnesty: we must free the internet (28.05.2006)
Today, our chance to fight a new hi-tech tyranny (28.05.2006)
Amnesty takes a strike against web censorship (30.05.2006)
6.Journalistic protection for online journalists and bloggers
The Californian appeal court decided on 26 May that online journalists and
bloggers have the same right to protect their sources as all other
journalists. The case was brought to court by Apple Computer demanding from
a number of news website operators to reveal the source of confidential
information posted about some of its products.
Initially the trial court had ruled in favour of Apple but the appeal court
changed this decision stating that the defendants were protected by
California's reporter's shield law, as well as the constitutional privilege
against disclosure of confidential sources.
A major point in the case was whether the writers involved deserved the
protection of the First Amendment and the sites involved could be considered
a "newspaper, magazine or other periodical publication" as it is expressed
by the law.
The Californian Court of Appeal's decision is considered as a major victory
for press freedom. "This is a victory for the rights of journalists, be they
online or offline journalists, and it's a victory for the public at large",
said Kurt Opsahl, the staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation,
the group that represented the journalists. "It protects
the free flow of information to the press and from the press to the public".
Reporters Without Borders added: "The Californian appeal court's decision is
historic because it gives a new legitimacy to bloggers. Even though they do
not have press cards, they will henceforth have right of place in the world
of news and information".
The case highlights the lack of precedents in the UK regarding the
journalistic protection. The Contempt of Court Act of 1981 is an equivalent
act protecting journalists and although the law does not provide absolute
protection for sources, the court is required to decide whether the request
for source identification is sufficiently in the public, justice or national
security interest to over-ride a general presumption of source protection.
Recent cases have tended to favour the journalist's right to protect his
John MacKenzie, a Solicitor Advocate and partner with Pinsent Masons law
firm suggested that the Contempt of Court Act is broad enough to cover
operators of Internet news wires, blogs or other new media content.
Decision in Apple v. Does (20.05.2006)
Huge Win for Online Journalists' Source Protection (26.05.2006)
Court ruling protecting bloggers' sources hailed as historic (30.05.2006)
UK bloggers also likely to be Apple-proof (01.06.2006)
7. Dutch Gamer in US intelligence spotlight
A Dutch gamer has become subject of US intelligence and widespread
international media attention because of a self-made video-game movie.
The video consists of footage of the game Battlefield 2 spiced up
with different music and voiceovers. It was presented on 4 May 2006 at a
meeting of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as evidence
of a militant campaign to recruit Muslim youth on the Internet.
Reuters reported on the video that was shown at the meeting and
stated that it was a user-modified version of best-selling game
Battlefield 2, a military simulation which features combat between
U.S. forces and those of the fictitious Middle East Coalition (MEC)
as well as the People's Republic of China. Reuters quoted a Pentagon
official, Dan Devlin, as saying: "What we have seen is that any video
game that comes out... (al Qaeda will) modify it and change the game
for their needs".
The video starts with the voice of a male narrator saying: "I was
just a boy when the infidels came to my village in Blackhawk helicopters.
The infidels fired at the oil fields and they lit up as the eyes of
Allah". This is in fact a very easy recognisable copy of a voice-over
from the movie "Team America: World Police", an American satire by the
makers of South Park. The video footage was not created with a
modified version of Battlefield 2 at all, but with standard game
footage from an add-on module, a retail product widely available in
the United States and elsewhere. The Dutch maker Samir published the
movie in the end of 2005 on a Battlefield 2 forum under the name
"Sonic Jihad", a reference to a rap-album by rapper Paris. He took
most of the sounds from the movie called "Lion of the Desert"
starring Anthony Quinn.
Devlin spoke before the Committee, at which contractors from Science
Applications International Corp (SAIC) gave lawmakers a presentation
that focused on Iraq as an engine for Islamic militant propaganda.
SAIC has a $7 million Defence Department contract to monitor 1,500
militant websites that provide Al Qaeda and other militant
organisations with a main venue for communications, fund-raising,
recruitment and training.
To present this material, that is completely build up from various
pieces of western media content, as terrorist propaganda seems rather
unconvincing. Various gamers have ridiculed it. Samir has explained
the context of the video in various interviews in which he stated
that the video shouldn't be taken seriously. The attention by US
intelligence officials is however enough reason for him, a 25-year
old quality manager in a hospital, to cancel his plans to visit New
York out of fear of interrogation at arrival.
US accuses militants of using video games in youth appeal (07.05.2006)
Was Congress misled by "Terrorist" game video? We talk to gamer who created
the footage (11.05.2006)
Hearing on the Terrorist/Jihadist Use of the Internet for Strategic
Communications (04.05.2006)
Transcript of the Committee hearing (04.05.2006)
The video
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken - EDRI-member Bits of Freedom -
8. Private copy system under scrutiny
The issue of the private copy remuneration system is becoming a subject of
debate for interest groups from all over the world.  L'AEPO-ARTIS grouping
27 associations of artists of Europe, the International Federation of
Musicians and the International Federation of Actors took a stand in the
support of the present private copy levy system.
According to the artists associations, the present private copy system
"significantly supports the cultural domain" as "a flexible system combining
freedom for consumers and legitimate revenues for the copyright owners"
being "vital for interpreters in the exploitation of their interpretation".
Replacing the fees on private copy, which brought income to the artists,
with DRM, which allows copying only within a system approved by its
producer, is profitable only for the industry selling DRM systems and not to
the interpreters who should be able to be compensated for copies of their
The Federation considers that technical protection measures against copying
applied to CDs, DVDs and online works are prejudicial both to consumers and
artists preventing the circulation of artistic creation and attacking
individual freedom.
The position of these associations comes at the moment when the topic of the
copyright levy reform is included in the European Commission Work Program
for 2006. The commission is concerned "that copyright levies are being
applied to digital equipment and media without due account being given to
the impact on new technologies and equipment especially the availability and
use of so called "digital rights management" technologies which can provide
alternative ways of compensating right-holders. Furthermore, there is a lack
of transparency about the application, collection and distribution of the
copyright levies to right-holders."
On the other side of the debate is an alliance called Copyright Levies
Reform Alliance (CLRA) that was formed by IT, telecoms, electronics and
digital industry associations, to lobby for removal of the levies.
The copy protection technologies are also criticized by a recent report of
the UK All Party Parliamentary Internet Group (APIG). The DRM report from
APIG looked at how copy protection systems restrict digital movies and music
and made several recommendations on the labelling regulations that should
tell consumers what they will and will not be able to do with digital
content that they purchase or on the prices charged for the same digital
content in different countries.
AEPO-ARTIS, FIA and FIM express their deep concern and clear opposition to
any restrictions of the remuneration system for private copying (31.05.2006)
The artists all over the world defend private copy (in French) (1.06.2006)
EC - Copyright levy reform
Coalition seeks to reform EU copyright levies (6.04.2006)
MPs in digital downloads warning (4.06.2006)
"Digital Rights Management" - Report of an Inquiry by the All Party Internet
Group (06.2006)
9. Agenda
14-18 June, Rathen, Germany
ICA-IAMCR Symposium on Internet Governance
17 June 2006, Berlin, Germany
Start: 14:00, Alexanderplatz
Demonstration "Freiheit statt Sicherheitswahn" (Freedom instead of
Security Delusion)
19-20 June 2006, Paris, France
New relations between creative individuals and communities, consumers and
citizens. Hosted by the TransAtlantic Consumer Dialogue (TACD)
19-23 June, Singapore
Euro-Southeast Asia ICT Forum (EUSEA2006) (with the EU Commission as
21 June 2006, Luxembourg
Safer Internet Forum 2006 Focus on two topics: "Children's use of new media"
and "Blocking access to illegal content: child sexual abuse images"
23 June 2006, Copenhagen, Denmark
Book Launch Human Rights in the Global Information Society.
Keynote on Privacy, terrorism and the new security agenda.
Organized by The Danish Human Rights Institute and The Danish WSIS network
Information about the book.
Program and invitation:  / 26-27 June 2006, Berlin, Germany
The Rising Power of Search-Engines on the Internet: Impacts on Users, Media
Policy, and Media Business
26-30 June 2006 Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda
26-28 June 2006, Cambridge, UK
Workshop on the Economics of Information Security (WEIS 2006)
28-30 June 2006, Cambridge, UK
Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
3-5 July, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business, 19th Annual International Conference
"Privacy Crisis Ahead? Investing enough in data protection to strengthen
and defend your reputation"
7 July 2006, Zurich, Switzerland
Free cultures - a Free Internet. Internet Governance and Switzerland
Who is supposed to govern the internet? A symposium on the "Internet
Governance Forum" will be looking for the answers.
16 - 28 July 2006, Oxford, UK
Annenberg/Oxford Summer Institute: Global Media Policy: Technology and New
Themes in Media Regulation
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006 Students may apply for
funds to attend the workshop until 30 June 2006.
3 August 2006 , Prague, Czech Republic
Travelers privacy and EU
One day seminar organized by Iuridicum Remedium, providing a space for
privacy experts to meet Czech officials to discuss  passports,
biometrics, RFID, PNR deal and other issues related to privacy risks
possibly encountered by travellers in the EU.
14-16 September 2006, Berlin, Germany
Wizards of OS 4 Information Freedom Rules
10. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-06-21 21:51:52
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.12, 21 June  2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.12, 21 June 2006
1. The European Commission dribbles the Parliament again in the PNR deal
2. German Parliament rejects motion against data retention
3. Swedish torrent website Pirate Bay returns back home
4. Betting websites are blocked in Italy
5. EU proposes accessibility standards in public procurement
6. Court rules Dutch mp3 search engine unlawful
7. EC supports its online broadcasting proposal
8. Former German ruling on liability of forum operators reviewed
9. UK DNA database shared with other countries
10. iTunes service considered illegal in Norway
11. Open letter for supporting the private copy in Italy
12. Recommended action
13. Agenda
15. About
1. The European Commission dribbles the Parliament again in the PNR deal
The European Commission is moving ahead in its efforts to comply with the
annulment by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) of the agreement between
the European Community and the US Government on the transfer of passenger
name records (PNR).
The Commission adopted on 19 June 2006 two initiatives in order to comply
with the ECJ decision. The first initiative is to recommend to the Council
to terminate the Agreement with the US by the end of this month, since under
the international law, the agreement remains in force for a period of 90
days after it is denounced by either party.
The second initiative is to ask the Council to give an authorisation to open
negotiations for a new Agreement with the Unites States on the basis of
Article 38, Title VI of the Treaty on European Union. The Commission
considers that Title VI (3rd Pillar) is the correct legal basis for an
International Agreement for matters dealing with public security and
criminal law matters. It also emphasises that "the content of the current
Agreement has not been criticised by the Court and should therefore continue
to offer the same level of safeguards regarding the legal certainty for air
carriers, the respect of human rights and the purposes for which PNR data
may be used."
In practice, this will mean a defeat of the European Parliament, which
challenged before the ECJ the substance of the agreement as well. According
to a Commission spokesman regarding the new proposed agreement: "There is no
formal role for the Parliament to play."
Supporting the Parliament's position, Peter Hustinx, the European Data
Protection Supervisor considered that "the judgment seems to have created a
loophole in the protection of European citizens whereby their data are used
for law enforcement purposes."
The Commission hopes the member states will accept a new deal to be set
up by the beginning of July and that they will not conclude in separate
deals with the United States.
The Commission adopts two initiatives to comply with the Ruling of the
European Court of Justice on the transfer of PNR to the United States of
America (19.06.2006)
MEPs to be sidelined in revived airline data deal (19.06.2006)
PNR: EDPS first reaction to the Court of Justice judgment (30.05.2006)
EDRI-gram : EU-US agreement on passenger data transfer annulled (7.06.2006)
Letters sent by President Borrell of the European Parliament on the
consequences of the Court case of 30 May on passenger name records
2. German Parliament rejects motion against data retention
On 20 June the German Parliament rejected a resolution that would have
requested the federal government to join the action for annulment of the
EU telecommunications data retention directive at the European Court of
Justice (ECJ). The text had been introduced by the opposition parties
Greens, Liberals and Left Party and was supported by 133 parliamentarians.
But the grand coalition of the governing parties voted against it, with
one abstention from the Conservatives. The authors of the resolution argued
that the data retention decision should have been made in the "Third Pillar"
of the European Union structure in the form of a framework directive, which
would have required an unanimous vote in the Council of Ministers.
The governments of Ireland and Slovakia who voted against the
Directive during the final decision in February have already started a case
at the ECJ. Their chances are good, as the court's recent decision
on the transfer of passenger data to the United States was taken on the
same grounds. The German opposition also asked to postpone
the transposition of the Directive into the federal law until this case is
decided, because even if the Directive is annulled, national laws would
still be valid. The EU Directive mandates the retention of all
telecommunications traffic data within the EU for 6 to 24 months for law
enforcement and national security purposes.
Parliamentarian Jerzy Montag from the Greens, who had drafted the
resolution, reminded his colleagues that the German Parliament and
Government had always asked for a framework decision, last time in a
February 2006 resolution. Therefore he criticized : "Commission and
Council have changed the horses during the action, while the cart stayed
the same". Minister of Justice Brigitte Zypries claimed that the
government had "enforcedly accepted" the change of the legal grounds for
data retention in order not to endanger the substantial outcome.
The majority of the parliamentarians was unimpressed by several
last-minute attempts from non-governmental organizations to support the
opposition's motion. On 17 June, around 250 citizens followed the call
by a broad coalition of 15 civil liberties and other groups for a
demonstration "Freedom instead of Security Delusion" in Berlin. It was
mainly organized by the Working Party on Data Retention, an informal
network set up in December 2005 with the help of German EDRi members
Netzwerk Neue Medien (NNM) , FoeBuD, and  Forum InformatikerInnen f|r
Frieden und gesellschaftliche  Verantwortung (FIfF). The demonstration was
the first attempt in years to bring anti-surveillance protest to the streets
and, considering the short preparation time of less than three weeks, it was
seen by the organisers as a success to build on.
The Forum Human Rights, a coalition of 45 German human rights organizations,
also published a position paper on data retention on 16 June and
formally submitted it to the Parliament before the vote. The paper
criticizes data retention as "totally disproportionate and an attack on
the foundation of a free and democratic society".
The Forum Human Rights joined others in their analysis that any law on
mandatory data retention would be in violation of both the European
Convention on Human Rights and the German Constitution. If the Directive is
transposed into German law, several civil liberties groups are already
preparing to challenge it at the Constitutional Court. These legal and
political activities, seen together with the demonstration that sparked a
number of creative activities, are an indication that anti-surveillance
activities are getting more momentum in Germany.
German Parliament rejected the Resolution "Reviewing the Directive on Data
Retention by the European Court of Justice" (in German only, 20.06.2006)
Working Party on Data Retention (in German only)
Protest march "Freedom rather than obsession with security" (17.06.2006)
In English
In German, with after-action information
Pictures from the demonstration (17.06.2006)
Forum Human Rights Position Paper "Data retention violates fundamental
rights and undermines a free society" (in German only, 16.06.2006)
(Contribution by Ralf Bendrath, German EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien)
3. Swedish torrent website Pirate Bay returns back home
At the end of May, the Swedish Police raided the location where the
PirateBay.org website was located and shut down the site seizing several
servers. However, after less than 1 month, the site, which is considered the
world's biggest BitTorrent tracker being visited by 10 million to 15 million
daily users, resumes its activity from Sweden.
The Motion Picture Association of America quickly reacted after the Police
raid considering  that: "The actions today taken in Sweden serve as a
reminder to pirates all over the world that there are no safe harbours for
Internet copyright thieves."
After just a couple of days from the raid, PirateBay.org was back online,
hosted somewhere in Netherlands. The operators of the website fought back
considering that their actions were not illegal as The Pirate Bay only
provided links and not the actual downloads.
A recently formed party called the Pirate Party that is supporting more
open and consumer friendly copyright laws has been very active in
criticizing the police actions. The Pirate Party that will run in the 2006
elections has supported public meetings in Stockholm and Goteborg where some
hundreds of protestors with pirate flags asked for the return of the servers
to the Pirate Bay owners and the closing of the investigation. It is
estimated that in Sweden there are one million file-sharers out of the nine
million inhabitants.
There have been rumours that the action has been required by the United
States. According to Washington Post, in April 2006, officials from the US
Government met with the officials from the Swedish Ministry of Justice and
said that the Pirate Bay was one of the world's largest sources of pirated
films and music. At the end of May, the police acted against PirateBay, even
though, according to some sources, the Swedish prosecutors considered they
didn't have a strong case against it.
The Police has also other problems since ten Swedish companies are now
asking for damages for disruption of their businesses. During the raid on
the PirateBay website the Police confiscated 200 servers, some of them owned
by companies not affiliated with that website. The companies now request
damages from 1 000 EUR up to 20 000 EUR.
At the middle of June, the website was back home with an increased
popularity in Sweden but also worldwide. However, its operators considers
splitting the operations between several countries in order to avoid closing
it down.
Swedish police scupper Piratebay (31.05.2006)
File-sharing crackdown and backlash in Sweden (4.06.2006)
Pirate Bay resurfaces, while protesters walk the street (5.06.2006)
Swedish IT companies demand damages after file-sharing crackdown
Piratebay sails back to Sweden (15.06.2006)
US government pressured Sweden over Pirate Bay (19.06.2006)
4. Betting websites are blocked in Italy
Following a fierce battle between an authority of the Italian State and
private european online betting companies over their activity in Italy, a
big number of betting websites are officialy blocked for Italian Internet
Everything began with the 2006 financial law (Law 266/2005) voted by the
Parliament under the outgoing Berlusconi government. The law included four
provisions - namely paragraph 535-58 of art.1 - which gave the
Amministrazione Autonoma dei Monopoli di Stato  (AAMS or Autonomous
Administration of State Monopolies, a part of the Ministry of Economy and
Finances) the power to bring to the attention of:
(a) providers of Internet services, or
(b) providers of other data or telecommunication networks, or
(c) entities that offer networks or telecommunication services in
relationship to (a) or (b), all those instances in which someone offers
games or bets where money can be lost or won without having the proper
authorization that is usually granted by AAMS itself.
Upon receiving such communication from the AAMS, the subjects from (a)
to (c) have the legal obligation to inhibit usage of the networks that they
manage or for which they provide betting and gaming services "by adopting
appropriate technical measures to this end".
The AAMS proceeded on 13 February 2006 to compile and publish a first
list of websites that should not be accessed from Italian networks.
Compliant ISPs generally implemented the restriction by "hijacking" DNS
communication and redirecting it to the DNS server of the AAMS. The end
result is that users trying to access such websites are instead getting a
notice saying that "pursuant to the decree of the AAMS of 7 February 2006
the requested website is not accessible because it does not have the
necessary authorizations for collecting bets in Italy".
Of course, reactions flocked in by all sides. Several betting companies,
including UK-based William Hill (which is included on the list of blocked
websites) announced they would recur to the European Court of Justice for
what they claim is blatant violation of the basic principles of the
European internal market.
The Remote Gambling Association immediately started to negotiate a
compromise with the Italian government, but until now no agreement seems to
have been reached.
Moreover, several Italian commentators noticed how poor the employed
system is from a technical point of view.  It is in fact sufficient in
most cases to remove the leading "www" prefix to access the blocked
websites. Other strategies, including the usage of web proxies, are
also possible.
The Italian chapter of ISOC (Internet Society) took a
firm technical position, considering that the proposed measures were
ineffective and in any case were far away from the "best practices" in the
sector - while at the same time noticing that the outcries of "censorship"
seemed misplaced because of the subject matter under discussion.
While ISOC explicitly chose to avoid the "censorship" argument, other
commentators argued that by blocking entire websites the proposed solution
ment in fact severely limiting the right of all Italian citizens to access
information, as granted by the Italian Constitution and several
international instruments. If the goal was to impede the act of gambling
then any measure should have been proportionate to this
specific goal. Impeding Italian citizens to access a website and the
information contained therein arguably is not.
One company, Malta-based Astrabet Bookmaker Ltd., went further and requested
the Second Section of the Civil Tribunal of Rome to declare the measure
illegitimate, insofar as it cut off Astrabet's website from the Italian
On 10 April 2006 Judge Lorenzo Pontecorvo issued a writ by which it ordered
AAMS to immediately remove Astrabet from the "blacklist". In his reasoning,
Judge Pontecorvo touched on a number of interesting and potential
far-reaching issues, including how AAMS' right to grant licenses only
applies to the Italian territory, while Astrabet is established in and
operates from Malta and that the contract between users and Astrabet,
according to the facts and the law, is performed in Malta.
He also pointed out that according to the European jurisprudence, blocking
or limiting the activities of Astrabet constitutes a violation of the
"freedom to provide services" principle as enshrined in the EU Treaty and
that the claims by AAMS and others, according to which Astrabet was guilty
of "unfair competition" by "diverting customers" to its website, is
completely unfounded, since Astrabet is simply providing services through
the Net, "a reality which cannot be ignored anymore".
AAMS counter-attacked by appealing the decision and refusing - for technical
reasons - to remove Astrabet from the blacklist. In an official press
release of 12 May 2006, AAMS wrote that the Astrabet issue is "an isolated
case" and that the Maltese company had "engaged in non-ritual activities
with the sole goal to obtain undeserved privileges and behaviours which
would be discriminatory towards other subjects that are legally operating in
Although technically avoidable, the blacklist is apparently still applied by
Italian ISPs.
Italian Financial Law 266/2005 (in Italian only, 23.12.2005)
AAMS list of websites to be blocked from 13 February 2006 (7.02.2006)
ISOC Italia position regarding the filtering of websites that offer online
gambling (in Italian only, 15.03.2006)
Civil Tribunal of Rome, Second Section, Ordinance (in Italian only,
Clarifications of AAMS on the AstraBet case (in Italian only, 12.05.2006)
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso, consultant on digital policies - Italy)
5. EU proposes accessibility standards in public procurement
In a ministerial meeting that took place in Riga on 12 June 2006, ministers
from European countries have signed a declaration to diminish the gap in
Internet usage for groups at risk of exclusion, but also to increase
broadband coverage.
The Riga Ministerial Declaration was signed by ministers of 34 European
countries from EU Member States, accession and candidate countries, and
EFTA/EEA countries. The declaration shows the commitment of the countries to
an "Internet for all" action plan that should allow the disadvantaged
groups to access the Internet.
One of the conclusions of the meeting was the necessity to assess the need
for legislative measures in the field of e-Accessibility, and to take into
account accessibility requirements in the review of the electronic
communications regulatory framework beginning in June 2006. Another
suggestion was to make recommendations, by 2007, on accessibility standards
and common approaches, which could become mandatory in public procurement by
Data from the European Commission have shown that only about 3% of public
web sites fully comply with minimum web accessibility standards - a real
problem for the 15% of the EU population with disabilities. According to a
recent research by Disability Rights Commission (DRC), 81% of
web sites in the UK are inaccessible to disabled people.
Ministers in Riga also supported the European Commission's intention to
prepare for the European e-inclusion initiative announced for 2008 in the
"i2010" strategy, the digital economy component of the EU's renewed "Lisbon"
agenda for jobs and growth.
Internet for all: EU ministers commit to an inclusive and barrier-free
information society (12.06.2006)
EU may make accessibility a legal requirement (15.06.2006)
6. Court rules Dutch mp3 search engine unlawful
The Dutch Court of Appeals in Amsterdam has ruled that search engine
zoekmp3.nl is unlawful. This search engine provided links to
mp3-files on the World Wide Web. The court chose not to answer the
question whether linking itself to unauthorised mp3-files is an
infringement of copyright law. The lower court had found that this
was not the case. The Court of Appeals based the unlawfulness on
Dutch tort law, and the specific circumstances of the case. The Court
stated that in principal search engines are free to make money from
providing search results to mp3-files, even if these files are known
to be unauthorised. Only in particular circumstances will the search
engine be liable for damage to copyright holders.
The specific circumstances the court found relevant to conclude the
unlawfulness were that the search engine was specifically aimed at
providing links to unauthorised files (charts). The court also found
that the search engine knew that most of its visitors were looking
primarily for unauthorised copies. Therefore, according to the Dutch
court a warning on this matter to its visitors could not be an
excuse. Further more, it found relevant that the search engine had
advertisement and information that was linked to the unauthorised
content, such as ring-tones of the  popular songs. In general, the
court came to the conclusion that the search engine was making its
money by structurally exploiting the availability of unauthorised
mp3-files on the World Wide Web, evidently without taking into
account the interests of copyright holders. Acting as such, the
search engine breached its general duty of care towards them.
Dutch copyright organisation Brein had appealed the verdict of the
lower court of 12 May 2004, that had concluded there was no liability
for the search engine, but a duty to react if it was notified of
links to unauthorised copies. Most importantly, the lower court had
ruled that a link to unauthorised mp3-files was not in breach of
Dutch copyright law, because a link couldn't be considered as an act
of making public a copyrighted work. In spite of this positive
verdict, the owner of the search engine, Techno Design, decided to
stop the search engine's activity. It also decided not to defend
itself at the Court of Appeals. This had considerable effect on the
verdict since some facts stated by Brein were proven mainly because
of the absence of a defence.
On 23 June 2006, the trial starts against four suspects in the case
of download sites Releases4u.com and Shareconnector.com. The
prosecution is charging them with professional infringement of Dutch
copyright law, in the context of a criminal organisation. The
download sites provided a selection of links to illegal software,
films, music and games on p2p-program eDonkey. As the first criminal
prosecution for this practice, the trial is a test case for Dutch
law. One of the defence lawyers already stated that the linking
itself is not a criminal offence, nor a copyright infringement, and
therefore his client should not be convicted. Civil law action
against the sites by Brein was unsuccesful.
Dutch site linking to MP3 files loses court case (19.06.2006)
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken - EDRI-member Bits of Freedom -
7. EC supports its online broadcasting proposal
In an Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA) event held in Brussels on
14 June, Viviane Reding, EU Commissioner for Information Society and Media,
expressed again  her position to support the EC proposal to revise the
Television Without Frontiers (TVWF) Directive.
"There will be no regulation of the Internet," Mrs. Reding told ZDNet UK
stating that the extension of the Directive is supposed to provide basic
rules to protect minors online, and to prevent incitement to hatred and
over-repeated advertising.
The Commissioner also said that the proposed provisions are only basic tier
rules and self-regulation can be supported better by a legal framework. The
Government would intervene only when self-regulation does not work.
While the Commissioner considers the Directive will be beneficial to the
Internet business, the industry and the Internet community expressed concern
that the Directive would lead to the regulation of the content on the
The Confederation of British Industry thinks that the Directive will "stifle
economic growth, inhibit job creation and hamper the development of digital
content and services across the EU". Other representatives of the Industry
such as Microsoft, Google or Verizon expressed concerns regarding the scope
of the legislation and the problem of jurisdiction and enforcement. They
believe the already existing legislation is enough and efficient in
protecting children and consumers and that self-regulation is the right
Professor Michael Rotert, president of the European Internet Service
Providers Association (EuroISPA), considers the Directive as a regulation of
the Internet "through the backdoor" and thinks: "Regulated self-regulation
will be misused immediately, when it comes into practice".
Europe defends online broadcasting plans (15.06.2006)
FAQ: EC Proposes to Modernise 'Television Without Frontiers' Directive
EDRI-gram Draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive under criticism
8. Former German ruling on liability of forum operators reviewed
A previous ruling of the Hamburg court that made moderators of internet
forums liable for content posted on their sites is now contradicted by the
Intermediate Court of Appeals in Dusseldorf which has ruled that forum
operators are obligated to delete illegal comments made by their users only
in case they know about them.
The ruling of the German Supreme Court of 2004 obliged the forum operators
to prevent illegal content posted by their users but did not bind them to
review all comments before being placed online. However, in the Heise
Zeitschriften Verlag case, the Hamburg court ruled against Heise, asking
from the publisher to monitor the content before it appeared online.
The Hamburg court had required the operator to "either increase its funding
or limit [...] its operations" in order to review all postings before
publishing them online.
In the case of a person having been repeatedly insulted on a forum who filed
a temporary restraining order, the appeal court of Dusseldorf overruled the
decision of the first-instance court to issue the order, considered that
monitoring all postings would have required unreasonable efforts from the
forum operator from the financial as well as human resources point of view.
It is not expected from the operators to actively look for breaches of the
law or to monitor all postings. However, they have the obligation to delete
or block comments about which complaints have been made.
Also the Dusseldorf judges believed that the technical filtering solutions
were not effective in blocking illegal contents."While a search for certain
key words might be simple from the technical point of view and would even
help combat violations of trademark, in light of the almost infinite number
of ways that people can formulate insults such filters would not be very
practical in the prosecution of violations of personal rights."
First-instance district court of Hamburg says forum operators are liable for
comments (18.04.2006)
German court rules moderators liable for forum comments (21.04.2006)
Court rules that prior review of forum comments is unreasonable (15.06.2006)
EDRi-gram : Hamburg court rules against forum providers (26.04.2006)
9. UK DNA database shared with other countries
The UK Home Office has admitted that DNA stored in the UK National DNA
Database has been shared with other countries.
UK has today one of the largest law enforcement DNA database with profiles
from 3.5 million people, including 500 000 children under 16 years old. The
database was established in 1995.
Privacy concerns regarding the database have been expressed, especially when
the database was revealed to contained more than 50 000 DNA profiles of
children who have never been charged with any offence.
Recently, the UK Home Office Minister Joan Ryan has answered a question from
the Liberal Democrat Home Affairs spokeswoman Lynne Featherstone regarding
the access of foreign law enforcement authorities to the database content.
Ryan said that there have been 519 requests for details from the database
since 2004, but no records are available before that year.
Featherstone considered that "There are no real safeguards in place to
control this huge database which leaves it open for misuse - and now we find
out it's not only being misused in our country but also internationally."
She also supported the idea of an independent watchdog to monitor the access
of foreign law enforcement authorities to the UK DNA Database.
On the other hand, the representative of the Home Office declared that: "
The increasing ease of travel and communication between EU member-states has
also resulted in a higher risk of criminal activity crossing the borders of
EU member-states." He also added that the data were provided only when
serious crimes were investigated.
DNA database is shared overseas (7.06.2006)
UK Home Office defends sharing DNA database (8.06.2006)
News and updates on the UK DNA Database
10. iTunes service considered illegal in Norway
Following a complaint made by the Norwegian Consumer Council in January this
year, Bjorn Erik Thon, the Norwegian Consumer Ombudsman has ruled that the
Apple iTunes service breaks section 9a of the Norwegian Marketing Control
The Consumer Ombudsman considers as unreasonable that the agreement the
consumer must accept is regulated by the foreign law and that iTunes
disclaims any liability for a possible damage the software may cause.
He also thinks that just like Apple requires an iPod for songs via iTunes,
other companies producing music, book or film could restrict their products
to specific players as well and believes that this could be an infringement
of rights.
"You will have a difficult situation for the consumer ... the consumer has
to have four or five gadgets to have the availability of the content that he
wants," stated Thon considering a consumer should have the right to use a
product on any device he chooses.
Senior advisor Torgeir Waterhouse of the Consumer Council stated that
contract terms, technical blocks or other types of legal protection show a
tendency to restrict the consumer rights as well as their access to cultural
"The digital rights of consumers have been dictated by the industry for a
long time. This decision marks the start of a struggle to recover them,"
said Waterhouse.
The decision of the Ombudsman brings Norway closer to the position of other
countries in this matter such as France and the UK. It seems Denmark and
Sweden will follow this position in requiring iTunes to be modified in order
to do business in their countries.
Apple representatives expressed their hope that they would not have to pull
out of Norway and their wish to find a solution to this issue.
According to the experts, this will not be an easy matter as Apple, in case
it did not create its DRM system only to force the use of a certain device,
may be bound by license agreements with the music industry and thus is not
in the position to just cancel its DRM policies and open its content.
iTunes must change the terms and conditions of their agreements in order to
comply with the Norwegian law by 1 August, an extension from 21 June, or
face fines.
iTunes guilty of breaking Norwegian law (7.06.2006)
The Consumer Council of Norway is on track to win case against iTunes
Norwegian ombudsman says Apple's iTunes DRM is illegal (7.06.2006)
Can Europe Force Apple To Rework iTunes? (16.06.2006)
European officials cautious on iTunes antitrust (16.06.2006)
11. Open letter for supporting the private copy in Italy
A new public campaign has been launched in Italy: its goal is to
change Italy's copyright law to ensure that end-users have a
full-fledged right to create a private copy of works they legally
The campaign, promoted by Scarichiamoli!, an Italian informal group of
activists whose main goal is permitting the free circulation of
knowledge, is aimed at revising Italian Legislative Decree 68/2003,
that implements the European Directive 2001/29/CE on the harmonization
of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information
In particular, the suggested revision would change art.9 of the Decree by
making sure that a private copy of a legally acquired work
can always be made, even bypassing technical protection measures
(TPMs), irrespective of whether such a copy is digital or analogue.
Currently, it is possible for a user to bypass TPMs in order to make a
private copy of a legally acquired work. Or rather, it is compulsory
for a copyright owner to make sure that the user can perform such an
act. However, the law states the copyright owners' obligation only extends
to analogue copies of a work. There is currently no obligation for them to
allow users to make a digital private copy of a legally acquired work.
Secondly, the suggested modifications aim at making sure that the
possibility to create a private copy cannot be contractually negotiated.
Scarichiamoli! published on 9 June an open letter to Italian MP Titti
De Simone (PRC) who had shown a special interest in this subject back
during the discussions on the Italian implementation of the EUCD. The
letter has already been signed by many Internet users, webmasters or
other experts.
On 14 June 2006, Titti de Simone replied by confirming her interest in
the subject and inviting the proponents of the campaign to an informal
hearing at the Culture Commission of the Italian Parliament.
An argument to the Italian campaign could be the position taken these
days in UK by the British Phonographic Industry stating that consumers would
be pursued only if they make copies for other people and not for their
personal use - although the Italian campaign aims at making sure that such
an activity is a legally-stipulated right and not a gentle concession by a
private party.
Private copy, the Italian campaign has begun (only in Italian, 9.06.2006)
Open Letter to Titti De Simone (only in Italian, 9.06.2006)
UK fans can copy music for private use (7.06.2006)
Report on the Italian implementation of the EUCD
12. Recommended Action
Hearing on future EU patent policy
The European Commission will hold a public hearing on future EU patent
policy on 12 July 2006. This is the second step of the public consultation
launched in January 2006 with the aim of collecting stakeholders' views on
the patent system in Europe and seeking views on what measures could be
taken in the near future to improve this system.
Commission consultation on copyright levies
The questionnaire on "Copyright levies in a converging world" is submitted
for public consultation to ensure that later Commission proposals are
technically viable, practically workable and based on a bottom-up approach.
Stakeholders and Member States already provided valuable input in the
process and this additional follow-up consultation serves the dual purpose
to help to further improve the quality of the policy outcome and at the same
time enhancing the involvement of interested parties and the public at
large. This additional follow-up consultation period will run from 6 June
through 14 July 2006.
13. Agenda
21 June 2006, Luxembourg
Safer Internet Forum 2006 Focus on two topics: "Children's use of new media"
and "Blocking access to illegal content: child sexual abuse images"
22-23 June 2006, Barcelona, Spain
The 3rd International GPLv3 Conference
23 June 2006, Copenhagen, Denmark
Book Launch - Human Rights in the Global Information Society.
Keynote on Privacy, terrorism and the new security agenda.
Organized by The Danish Human Rights Institute and The Danish WSIS network
Information about the book.
Program and invitation:
 / 26-27 June 2006, Berlin, Germany
The Rising Power of Search-Engines on the Internet: Impacts on Users, Media
Policy, and Media Business
26-30 June 2006 Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda
26-28 June 2006, Cambridge, UK
Workshop on the Economics of Information Security (WEIS 2006)
28-30 June 2006, Cambridge, UK
Workshop on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
3-5 July, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business, 19th Annual International Conference
"Privacy Crisis Ahead? Investing enough in data protection to strengthen
and defend your reputation"
7 July 2006, Zurich, Switzerland
Free cultures - a Free Internet. Internet Governance and Switzerland
Who is supposed to govern the internet? A symposium on the "Internet
Governance Forum" will be looking for the answers.
16 - 28 July 2006, Oxford, UK
Annenberg/Oxford Summer Institute: Global Media Policy: Technology and New
Themes in Media Regulation
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006 Students may apply for
funds to attend the workshop until 30 June 2006.
3 August 2006 , Prague, Czech Republic
Travelers privacy and EU
One day seminar organized by Iuridicum Remedium, providing a space for
privacy experts to meet Czech officials to discuss  passports,
biometrics, RFID, PNR deal and other issues related to privacy risks
possibly encountered by travellers in the EU.
14-16 September 2006, Berlin, Germany
Wizards of OS 4 Information Freedom Rules
15. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-29 19:09:21
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.6, 29 March 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.6, 29 March 2006
1. Telecom data to be retained for one year in France
2. Internet under attack on election day in Belarus
3. Slovenia : Draft Police act endangers privacy
4. Creative Commons license upheld in Dutch and Spanish courts
5. New anti-terror bill proposed in Denmark
6. Update on French EUCD Transposition
7. Damages on online defamatory statements in UK
8. Swedish Foreign Minister resigned following pressure on website
9. TACD debate on the politics and ideology of intellectual property
10. Commission progress report on electronic signatures
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Telecom data to be retained for one year in France
The long-awaited application decree for telecommunication data retention was
finally published in France on 26 March 2006. It requires telecommunication
data operators (Internet and telephony) to retain data for one year.
Concerned data are those allowing the identification of:
- the user and its terminal equipment
- the recipients of the communication
- the date, time and duration of the communication
- the additional services used and their suppliers
- the origin and the location of the communication (for telephony services).
The decree specifies provisions that were first introduced in the Daily
Safety Law ('Loi sur la sicuriti quotidienne' or LSQ), in November 2001, as
an allegedly urgent procedure to fight terrorism, after the 11 September
attacks in the USA. Four years and four months after its adoption, this law
becomes applicable. In the mean time, these provisions have been
twice modified. In March 2003, the Home Safety Law ('Loi sur la sicuriti
intirieure' or LSI) made these provisions perennial, while they were
supposed to last only until December 2003 and be assessed by the Parliament.
In January 2006, the new French anti-terror law has extended the concerned
provisions in two ways. First, not only the judicial authority but also the
police forces may access the retained data. Secondly, data retention
obligations now apply to Internet cafes, hotels, restaurants, and more
generally to any person or organisation providing Internet access, free or
for a fee, as a main or side activity.
France has then chosen the maximum period of retention allowed by its
national law, instead of choosing the minimum period, according to the new
EU legislation. The European Directive on telecom data retention, recently
adopted by the Parliament and the Council of Justice and Home Affairs,
requires a retention period of no less than 6 months and no more than 2
French EDRI member IRIS has qualified this decree as the "maximal penalty
for privacy", in a press release issued on the day of the decree
publication. The organisation reminds that short after the LSQ adoption, it
has filed a complaint with the European Commission against France, for
violating the EU legislation. However, this complaint remained in standby,
the EC waiting for the application decree to process the complaint. In the
mean time, two European Directives on data retention were adopted, in 2002
and 2006 respectively, making this complaint obsolete.
The French ISP association (AFA, French EUROISPA member) announced on 28
March that it would challenge this application decree before the Conseil
d'Etat, highest administrative court. The main disputed point is that, while
the decree provides for reimbursement of costs incurred by a requirement of
law  enforcement authorites, on a case by case basis, it remains silent on
the general data  retention cost which needs important investment from ISPs.
In addition, the AFA deplores the lack of transition period to set up the
retention system, and more generally the lack of discussion on the decree.
Decree no. 2006-358 of 24 March 2006 regarding electronic communications (in
French, 26.03.2006)
Decree LSQ - Maximum penalty for private life (in French, 26.03.2006)
ISP Association will file an appeal to Conseil d'Etat (in French,
EDRI-gram : Data Retention Directive Adopted By JHA Council (01.03.2006)
IRIS dossier on data retention (with information on the complaint to EC)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS)
2. Internet under attack on election day in Belarus
On 19 March 2006, date of the presidential elections in Belarus, the
major online independent news resources (svaboda.org, charter97.org,
belapan.com, ucpb.org, naviny.by, kozylin.com, zubr-belarus.com)  were the
targets of various types of attacks.
The Website of "Nasha Niva" newspaper was not available from Belarus on 18
March on the Internet. Other problems were spotted in accessing tut.by, a
major Belarusian portal with about 60 000 visitors/day.
Also, Milinkievich's (candidate from Unified Democratic Forces) official
website was unavailable for 2 days starting on 19 March. According with
website administrators, they lost control over the server.
Charter97 press-centre websites were permanently attacked. Authorities not
only used their usual techniques (IP address blocking, massive DoS attacks)
but Internet filtering as well. As a result a number of websites were
unavailable from Belarus.
Belarus has a large system put in place in order to restrict Internet access
and control unwanted content. Some laws make it illegal to publish
information that is contrary to state interests. ISPs from Belarus have to
buy their connectivity from the telecom monopoly company.
Internet Filtering in Belarus ( 20.03.2006)
OpenNet Initiative to Monitor Internet during the Belarus Presidential
Elections (17.03.2006)
Charter '97 - Milinkevich's official web site broken open (19.03.2006)
(Thanks to Mikhail Doroshevich - E-belarus.org)
3. Slovenia : Draft Police Act endangers privacy
The draft of new Police Act has raised a lot of criticism in the last days
from privacy activists and legal experts on its broad encroachment upon
citizens' right to privacy, granted by the Slovenian Constitution. Through
the suggested act, the Slovenian government grants more power to the police,
using terrorism, the Schengen treaty and recent serious crimes as a handy
The Minister for Interior Affairs replied that changes to the Police
Act were inevitable due to demands of the Schengen treaty. Experts agree
that the Police Act should recieve some new provisions if Slovenia wants to
fully enter the Schengen regime, however, such disproportionate and overall
measures are not required by the Schengen treaty.
Goran Klemencic from the Faculty of Criminal Justice and Security says that
the draft represents an unconstitutional and dangerous attempt to broaden
police powers. Similar opinions came from the Faculty of Law in Ljubljana
and some privacy advocates.
The draft provides for concealed collection of personal data without court
warrant and enables interpretation that allows targeted and continuous
surveillance. Targeted data collection would include financial and welfare
data, lists of co-passengers and relations, data about vehicle and luggage
etc. And all this for individuals as well that might commit a crime
somewhere in the future. To add some more oil on the fire, the
decision-making for approving these invasive measures would not be granted
to a court or public prosecutor, but to the police itself, namely to the
Head of Criminal Police.
The Minister for Interior Affairs, Dragutin Mate, responded in an interview
for national television. His reaction showed that the draft Police Act might
not be sent to the Parliament in the current form because of the numerous
criticisms. However, in his opinion, this is not an invasion to privacy, it
is "just collecting some data at the moment when an individual's data are
entered into the Schengen database and when the respective individual is
randomly stopped by the police inside the country or at the border [...] The
data includes accurate destination, reason for stopping and of course all
the data about how this individual travels". According to Mr. Mate, this
complies with article 99 of Schengen treaty. This might be true but he did
not list all the data to be collected according to the draft act. The latter
includes "targeted data collection"; "discreet collection"; so called
"serious suspicion" (which is not defined); "collection of personal data
from other subjects"; family, financial and welfare data etc. The
interpretation would therefore also allow gathering of telecommunications
traffic and location data from telcos and ISPs ("collection of personal data
from other subjects"), maybe even personal data gathered by employers.
Moreover, the draft does not provide for an afterward notification to the
individual that he or she was a subject of police surveillance.
According to the draft, the police could "randomly" stop an individual
(following a suspicion that he or she might commit a crime somewhere in the
future) and gather the most private data about him or her, including the
family and co-passengers that would be an "excellent" accessory for police
to build the social networks.
These disproportionate and invasive measures included in the draft of
the Police Act may go well together with the Data Retention Directive that
was passed by the European Parliament in December 2005. Seeing "the big
picture", some are asking where Slovenia is heading. Is it really to become
a police country?
The critics might have been successful. The Minister for Interior Affairs
later revealed that "they will most likely include judicial supervision"
over measures that invade individual's constitutional rights. However, it is
incredible how such totalitarian solutions even managed to get a place
inside an official draft .
Draft of the new Police Act - limiting privacy and more power for the
police? (only in Slovenian, 19.3.2006)
Will police invade the privacy? (only in Slovenian, 17.3.2006)
Ministry does not want a police country (only in Slovenian, 18.3.2006)
(Contribution by Aljaz Marn, EDRI observer, privacyblog.net, Slovenia)
4. Creative Commons license upheld in Dutch and Spanish courts
Both in The Netherlands and in Spain the Creative Commons license was
judged in court. In both cases the validity of this alternative
copyright license was upheld.
In the Netherlands, the first court case about the validity of the
Creative Commons license produced clear victory for the user of the
license. On 9 March 2006 the district court of Amsterdam ruled in
summary proceedings that the weekly gossip magazine 'Weekend' could not
republish pictures that were published under a specific non-commercial
CC license. The family pictures were made by Adam Curry, famous in
internet circles for promoting podcasting. Curry had published the
pictures on the pictures-website flickr.com under a so-called
Attribution-Noncommercial-Sharealike license, with the text 'this photo
is public' and a reference to the appropriate CC license. Weekend did
not seek or obtain prior permission.
Curry sued for both copyright and privacy infringement. Weekend
defended itself by saying it did not understand the reference to the CC
license. The magazine also claimed there could be no damages, since the
pictures were freely available on the flickr website anyway.
The court ruled the copyright was unmistakable. Especially a
professional party like the publisher of the magazine should conduct a
thorough investigation before publishing pictures taken from the
Internet. Professor Bernt Hugenholtz, director of the Institute for
Information Science of the University of Amsterdam and main creator of
the Dutch CC license was very pleased with the ruling. He commented on
the creative commons mailing-list: "The Dutch court's decision is
especially noteworthy because it confirms that the conditions of a
Creative Commons license automatically apply to the content licensed
under it, and bind users of such content even without expressly
agreeing to, or having knowledge of, the conditions of the license."
A few weeks earlier, on 17 February 2006 the Spanish court of Badajoz
decided against SGAE, the Spanish music rights collecting society, in
favor of a bar owner who played music released under a Creative Commons
license. The court said none of the music played in disco bar Metropol
between November 2002 and August 2005 was actually licensed by the
collecting society. On the other hand, the CC licenses did allow for
public performance of the work.
Full text of the Amsterdam district court decision (in Dutch only,
Mailinglist iCommons community discussion
Full text of the Badajoz court decision (in Spanish only, 17.02.2006)
Spanish Court Recognizes CC-Music (23.03.2006)
(Contribution by Sjoera Nas, EDRI-member Bits of Freedom, the
5. New anti-terror bill proposed in Denmark
As a follow up to the latest anti-terror plan of action (49 proposals) of
November 2005, the Danish government is now proposing new anti-terror
In the current round of public hearing, massive criticism has been raised by
NGOs, legal experts, Danish industry, telecom providers, and from a number
of political parties, including the Liberal Party, which is one of the
ruling parties in the current government. The criticism concerns both the
substance in the proposals and the process of their preparation.
The proposals presented by the Ministry of Justice and Ministry of Science &
Technology are quite far reaching and encompass a range of intrusions into
citizens' privacy.
Among the most debated proposals are:
- An access for the police intelligence services (PET) to request
information about a citizen from any public authority as long as the
information "might serve a purpose" in relation to an investigation, i.e.
without a request for the police to justify the request. Furthermore there
is increased access for the intelligence services to exchange this
information with the defence intelligence services (FET).
- A request for telecom and Internet Service Providers to provide the police
with information on a given cell phone location at a given point in time
(so called tele observation).
- An obligation for telecom and Internet Service Providers to implement
technical measures to enable the authorities to wiretap any given
communication at short notice.
- An obligation for telecom and Internet Service Providers to implement
technical measures to provide unspecified historical data about a citizen
(data retention), though the specific data to be retained in Denmark are
still unresolved and have been so since the adoption of the first
law in June 2002.
- An access to the police to request that public authorities or private
companies put in place CCTV surveillance of public spaces. Furthermore,
access to the police to specify technical requirements for the surveillance
- A request for airline companies to retain passenger and airline staff data
for one year, and to hand these over to the police intelligence services
upon request.
A heated public hearing was held on 28 March at the Danish Human Rights
Institute and a new round of debate will take place in the Parliamentary
judicial committee on 31 March. The coming weeks will show whether
the government will stick to the original proposals or whether some of the
more controversial part will be modified.
Revolt threatens anti-terror bill (28.03.2006)
Responses from Digital Rights (in Danish)
Responses from the Danish Human Rights Institute (in Danish)
Government wants to strengthen the fight against terror (in Danish)
Ministry of Justice draft bill  (in Danish)
Ministry of Science & Technology draft bill  (in Danish)
Government Action Plan on anti-terrorism (in Danish)
EDRI-gram : New anti-terrorism measures in Denmark (5.12.2005)
(Contribution by Rikke Frank Jxrgensen, EDRI-member Digital Rights Denmark)
6. Update on French EUCD Transposition
The DADVSI draft law (French EUCD Transposition) made its first step on 21
March, with 286 votes in favour and 193 votes against. In an unusually
crowded National Assembly, 501 out of the 577 Members of the Parliament took
part in the vote. All the votes in favour came from representatives of the
Conservative government party, which has the absolute majority. The NO votes
repartition is: 7 from the government's party (14 abstentions), 162 from the
Socio-democrat, Communist and Green opposition (4 abstentions), and 24 from
the Liberal Democrat Centrists (4 abstentions).
The result is largely a victory for the cultural industry majors: the
'global licence' idea is over, copyright exceptions granted by law are few
and painless; while downsized, a penalty regime for unauthorized upload or
download of content protected under intellectual property legislation is
still in place for non commercial use; DRMs circumvention is assimilated to
counterfeit, unless for research purpose; an administrative authority has
been created to decide on the allowed number of private copies for cultural
goods, with no minimum granted by law; and, most importantly, the so-called
'Vivendi Universal amendment' has been adopted, criminalizing P2P software
edition and dissemination.
However, the draft law brings important progress on the interoperability
side: not only DRM vendors are required to open their technology to
competitors, but also commercial platforms are required to make their files
compatible with any player. This has soon led to strong criticism, with
Apple accusing France of "State-sponsored piracy" and Americans for
Technology Leadership (an industry coalition including members such as
Microsoft) claiming that such measures "strip away the intellectual property
rights of companies". The issue seems serious to US Commerce Secretary
Carlos Gutierrez, who backed Apple protests.
The draft law will go to the Senate, where discussions are scheduled in
mid-May. Not only copyright, but also competition is clearly at stake now.
No doubt that French Senators already start facing strong lobbying.
EDRI-gram: What's so special about French EUCD transposition? (15.03.2006)
Sign Of The (Digital) Times: France's Struggle With A New Copyright Law
Draft law adopted by the National Assembly (in French, 21.03.2006)
A compilation of reactions on the French draft copyright law (since
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS)
7. Damages on online defamatory statements in UK
Michael Keith Smith, a former parliamentary candidate for the UK
Independence Party has received  in damages in a defamation case
occurred on the internet
Smith was a participant in a discussion on the Iraq war held on a discussion
board run by Yahoo!. Tracy Williams, another participant in the discussion,
posted under pseudonym series of defamatory remarks about Smith on an
internet bulletin board calling him a "lard brain" a "Nazi", a "racist
bigot" and a "nonce". She also alleged that he had sexually harassed a
female co-worker.
Although Smith had obtained court orders in June 2004 that allowed him to
identify the person behind the remarks, Williams continued the defamatory
campaign in 2005. Smith sued her and Judge Alistair MacDuff considered the
remarks clearly defamatory and awarded Smith  damages - general damages plus  aggravated damages to reflect Ms Williams'
behaviour. He issued an injunction prohibiting Williams from repeating the
remarks and ordered her to pay  costs involved in the legal action. Ms
Williams did not defend the action.
"I'm happy with the judge's ruling but firms hosting online chat rooms
should be prepared to get involved and step in to moderate defamatory
statements," Smith told The Guardian.
Legal experts say the case, the first of this kind, should be taken as a
warning that the lows of libel apply to chat rooms, message boards and
personal blogs just as they apply to comments published in a newsletter.
On the other hand, Mark Stephens, head of media law at Finer Stephens
Innocent, said the case should lead to a larger discussion on whether such
cases should reach the court. A chat room is self-moderating and has a
limited circulation. Most such cases are solved much easier as the
complaints are addressed to an ISP or site owner, which would take down the
defamatory content as soon as it was notified.
UKIP candidate wins  for internet libel (21.03.2006)
 damages awarded for internet libel (23.03.2006)
Warning to chatroom users after libel award for man labelled a Nazi
8. Swedish Foreign Minister resigned following pressure on website
Laila Freivalds, the Swedish Foreign Minister resigned on 21 March after
having been cornered by the press on her involvement in the closure on 9
February of a far-right party's website.
The Web site, which was planning to publish caricatures of Muhammad like
those that led to deadly protests by Muslims all over the world, was
contacted by a top Foreign Ministry official who said it should be closed
for security reasons.
Although, in the beginning, the minister denied having known about the
official's action and having exerted pressure on the hosting company, a
later report from the ministry said she had been involved in the decision.
The minister told the media that the cartoons were "offensive to other
peoples' religious beliefs" and admitted to the media that she was concerned
that these cartoons may damage Sweden. Critics considered this action as
an attack to freedom of speech.
Sweden's government is forbidden by law to interfere with what is written in
newspapers and on the Internet.
Sweden FM quits over cartoon row (21.03.2006)
Swedish Foreign Minister Laila Freivalds Resigns  (21.03.2006)
9. TACD debate on the politics and ideology of intellectual property
Civil society groups from around the world met in Brussels 20/21 March
to discuss the politics and ideology of intellectual property. Speakers
included representatives from WIPO and the EU, former US Patent
Commissioner Bruce Lehman, consumer and development campaigners and
noted IP academics Peter Drahos and Susan Sell.
The conference tried to step back from immediate IP controversies and
take a look at the rhetoric and politicking behind the framing of IP
debates and legislation. Jamie Love set the tone for the meeting by
looking at the loaded terms used by proponents and critics of stronger
IP rights, contrasting positive language such as "innovation", "value"
and "wealth creation" with negative descriptions such as "monopoly",
"privilege" and "exploitation".
The practical politics of the recent software patent debate were laid
out by pro-patent lobbyist Jonathan Zuck, anti-software patents
campaigner Florian Muller and European Parliament member and patent
attorney Sharon Bowles. Bowles complained that few involved in the
debate understood even the definitions involved; many in the audience
doubtless felt the same way! Bruce Lehman and Rufus Pollock described
the pro-IP consensus that exists across mainstream US and EU political
parties, which gave Green MEP David Hammerstein a chance to describe his
party's lone stance that instead favours innovation and consumer rights.
The most notable comment of the conference came from Bruce Lehman. While
head of intellectual property policy for President Clinton, he drove the
creation of the Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual
Property Rights (TRIPS), which embedded IP into global trade treaties.
But Lehman now feels that TRIPS has been a "huge failure" for the US,
providing US market access to developing countries that have not
reciprocated with strong IP enforcement.
Europeans can only hope that those in the Commission and member state
governments responsible for IP policy are listening to this gale of
criticism of ever-stronger private property rights in ideas. Leonardo
Cervera Navas of DG Internal Market said at the meeting that shorter
copyright terms were politically unthinkable. The debate will only move
forward once such blinkers are removed and we see evidence- rather than
faith-based IP policy development.
TACD Conference website: The Politics and Ideology of Intellectual Property
Lehman: TRIPS was a mistake (20.03.2006)
The debate on software patents as a litmus test for the knowledge
society (in German, 21.03.2006)
Discussion over intellectual monopoly rights at TACD's Brussels conference
Experts: Intellectual Property Policy Not A Traditional Left-Right Political
Issue (21.03.2006)
The Politics and Ideology of Intellectual Property - A New Political
(Contribution by EDRI board member Ian Brown)
10. Commission progress report on electronic signatures
A new progress report by the European Commission on the evolution of the
electronic signatures in the European Union was made public on 17 March
2006. The report highlights the low usage of the qualified electronic
signatures by European businesses and citizens.
The report focuses on the "Directive on a Community framework for
electronic signatures" adopted in 1999. The directive has introduced legal
certainty with respect to the general admissibility of electronic
signatures, all the general principles being now included in the legislation
of all 25 Member States.
The commission sees a much larger use of the qualified electronic
signatures - based on Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) technology - in the
future with the introduction of the electronic ID cards and in some
e-government services, such as on-line income tax returns.
Information Society and Media Commissioner Viviane Reding said "much work
still has to be done in particular to make signatures work across borders. I
also see a need for asking whether we need further adaptations of our EU
framework for electronic signatures to technological and market developments
and to the better regulation-policy of this Commission."
The official press release announced that The Commission would also prepare
a report on standards for electronic signatures in 2006 to see whether
further regulatory measures by the EU would be necessary.
Also, the Commission will hold a series of meetings with EU Member State
experts and stakeholders to consider possible complementary measures to
address, where appropriate, any differences between national laws
transposing the e-signatures Directive that could fragment the single
market, any clarifications needed in specific articles of the e-signatures
Directive and any technical and standardisation work necessary to improve
the cross-border interoperability of the e-signature systems.
Electronic signatures: legally recognised but cross-border take-up too slow,
says Commission (17.03.2006)
Report on the operation of Directive 1999/93/EC on a Community framework for
electronic signatures (15.03.2006)
11. Agenda
12 April 2006, Dublin, Ireland
Royal Irish Academy
"Enabling Open Access to Scientific Data and Information within
the Modern Knowledge Economy; the Case for a Scientific Commons"
15 April 2006, Deadline funding applications
Civil rights organisations and initiatives are invited to send funding
applications to the German foundation 'Bridge - B|rgerrechte in der
digitalen Gesellschaft'. A total of 15 000 euro is available for
applications that promote civil rights in the digitised society.
21-23 April 2006,  Yale Law School, USA
Access to Knowledge Conference
Yale Information Society Project
27-28 April 2006, Washington, USA
IP Disputes of the Future - TACD
This conference will ask what will be the IP disputes in new fields of
technology, and how advances in biotechnology and information technologies
will change the nature of IP disputes.
30 April - 2 May 2006, Hamburg, Germany
LSPI Conference 2006
The First International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
2-5 May 2006, Washington, USA
The Sixteenth Conference on Computers, Freedom & Privacy
3-6 May 2006, Wiesbaden, Germany
LinuxTag - Europe's biggest fair and congress around free software,
10 May - 23 July, Austria
Annual decentralized community event around free software
lectures, panel discussions, workshops, fairs and socialising
21 June 2006, Luxembourg
Safer Internet Forum 2006
Focus on two topics: "Children's use of new media" and "Blocking access to
illegal content: child sexual abuse images"
26-27 June 2006, Berlin, Germany
The Rising Power of Search-Engines on the Internet: Impacts on
Users, Media Policy, and Media Business
16 - 28 July 2006, Oxford, UK
Annenberg/Oxford Summer Institute: Global Media Policy: Technology and New
Themes in Media Regulation
Application deadline 1 May 2006.
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria,
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006
Students may apply for funds to attend the workshop until 30 June 2006.
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-24 21:05:17
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.10, 24 May 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 4.10, 24 May 2006
1. Draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive under criticism
2. Data Retention faces growing opposition in Germany
3. Set up of the Internet Governance Forum Advisory Group
4. French draft copyright law continues to be criticised
5. German Constitutional Court has outlawed preventive data screening
6. UK Government asks for the encryption keys
7. Big Brother Awards Italy 2006
8. Application of the FOI law in Macedonia
9. PM supports rejected UK ID Cards Act
10. Recommended reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive under criticism
The European Commission proposal to regulate commercial audio and video
broadcasts over the Internet and mobile phones, continues to be strongly
opposed by the supporters of free speech, but also tranditional and new
media providers.
At the meeting of Education, Youth and Culture Council in Brussels (18-19
May 2006) the proposal for a directive amending the Directive on the pursuit
of television broadcasting activities was discussed . The debate covered, in
particular, the following issues in relation with the proposed directive:
the appropriateness and the sustainability of the distinction between linear
and non-linear services; the common rules applying to both categories of
services; the extent of the modernization and simplification of the
television advertising and teleshopping rules.
The draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive - a revision of the 1989
Television without Frontiers Directive - introduces the notion of
audiovisual media services and distinguishes between "linear" services (e.g.
scheduled broadcasting via traditional TV, the internet or mobile phones,
which "push" content to viewers) and "non-linear" services (such as
video-on-demand, which the viewer "pulls" from a network). Only a basic tier
of rules would apply to non-linear services. This draft has already met
oppositions and criticism at the beginning of this year being considered as
Traditional media as well as new media and technology providers opposed the
directive considering, among other things, that it would shortly be obsolete
due to the fast development of technology, that it discourages innovation
and that it creates a distinction between linear and non-linear broadcasting
when in reality this distinction is more and more blurred by the
technological development.
At the press conference on 18 May, Viviane Reding, EU commissioner for
Information Society and Media, had to answer accusations of censorship
related to the Directive. The Commissioner stated that the directive had
"nothing to do with free speech" and aimed at protecting children and that
the new rules were meant to protect "basic societal values".
Mrs. Reding considers the rules are only intended to apply to commercial
content and that the application of Audiovisual Media Services Directive has
as purpose to prevent certain programmes from being shown to
children. The idea would be to harmonise rules across the whole European
Union so that programme makers don't face bureaucracy every time they try
and sell their products to another member country.
EU regulation attacked as censorship (19.05.2006)
EU Internet proposals to protect society (18.05.2006)
2729th Education, Youth and Culture Council meeting - Brussels, 18-19 May
2006 (provisional version) (18.05.2006)
The Television without Frontiers Directive: another "directive too far"?
Legislative Proposal for an Audiovisual Media Services Directive
Debates on draft directive on Television without Frontiers Directive
2. Data Retention faces growing opposition in Germany
The EU directive on mandatory retention of communications traffic data
went into force as an EU law on 3 May 2006, but its transposition into
national laws seems more uncertain than before. 16 of the 25 member states
of the EU have declared that they will delay the retention of Internet
traffic data for an additional period of 18 months. The recent NSA scandal
in the United States also clarified the dangers of access to the data by
intelligence agencies and led a number of civil liberties groups, among
which EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien, to protest against data retention in
Europe. A draft data retention law has already been withdrawn in the House
of  Representatives in Washington.
In the German Parliament, the Greens have drafted a resolution that would
ask the Government to challenge the legality of the EU directive before
the European Court of Justice and postpone its implementation on the
national level until the court has made a decision. According to the
not yet published text, of which EDRi was able to obtain a copy, the data
retention decision should have been made in the "Third Pillar" of the
European Union structure, as the sole purpose of retaining the data is the
law enforcement. Therefore, the proper legislative procedure should have
been a framework directive, which gives more power to national Parliaments
and requires an unanimous vote on the EU Council of Ministers. The motion is
so far being supported by 118 parliamentarians from all parties; the vote is
scheduled for 2 June. The period for challenging the directive on these
grounds ('230 of the Treaty on the European Community) will end on 10 July
Even if the directive is transposed into the German law, several groups and
individuals - among which the former German federal minister of the
interior, Gerhart Baum - have announced that they will challenge it before
the Constitutional Court. After several recent decisions by the courts
against overly intrusive surveillance, retention, and data-screening
practices, there is a growing indication that the court will declare the
directive illegal under the human rights provisions of the German
German Parliament: Draft Resolution, "Richtlinie zur
Vorratsdatenspeicherung vom EuGH pr|fen lassen" (Reviewing the Directive
on Data Retention by the European Court of Justice) (in German only, 18.05
Press release by EDRi-Member Netzwerk Neue Medien together with AK
Vorratsdatenspeicherung and Stop1984.de: American snooping scandal shows the
need for revision of opinion in Europe (in German only, 15.05.2006)
ISP snooping plans take backseat (18.05.2006)
Directive 2006/24/EC on the retention of data, Official Journal of the EU,
(including declarations by EU member state governments
postponing internet data retention) (13.04.2006)
EDRi Data Retention overview page
EDRi Data Retention Wiki
(Contribution by Ralf Bendrath, EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien - Germany)
3. Set up of the Internet Governance Forum Advisory Group
The Internet Governance Forum Advisory Group (IGF AG) to the UN
Secretary-General, selected by United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan
on 17 May, meets in Geneva on 22-23 May to discuss the agenda and the
programme of the Athens Meeting (31 October - 3 November 2006).
Members of the group and observers had a two-day meeting meeting under the
leadership of Nitin Desai and Markus Kummer.
In an open and transparent discussion, the draft of the program included
main topics for each day of the coming IGF meeting in Athens. These are  :
- Access ( Internet connectivity, policies and costs with following
workshops on: open standards, investment incentives, etc.)
- Security ( building trust online, protecting users from spam, phishing,
viruses, maintain security while protecting privacy and workshops with
people from technologies, ISP, CERT, law enforcement and human rights,
workshops by ITU (cybersecurity) and OECD (spam toolkit) )
- Diversity ( Promoting multilinguism through IDN, and local content and
Respecting geographical diversity)
- Openness ( Free flow of information, ideas and access to knowledge)
The IGF AG consists of 46 people from different countries and cultures and
is a good example of the way the UN opened up during the WSIS process. This
includes 20 representatives from the governmental sector, 10 from the
business sector, 7 representing civil society and 9 from the ICANN system.
All stakeholders are well represented - governments, civil society,
business, and the relevant international organizations, e.g. ITU, ICANN,
ISOC, IETF, International Chamber of Commerce, UNESCO, Internet registries
and registrars, and others.
People involved in the proceedings say that the IGF will be launched this
year in Athens, but will continue in 2007 in Brazil, and in 2008.
IGF website - includes webcast and transcripts of the session
EDRI-gram : Consultations on Internet Governance Forum (1.03.2006)
(Contribution by Veni Markovski - EDRi-Member ISOC Bulgaria)
4.  French draft copyright law continues to be criticised
As a continuation of the "saga" of the French draft law on copyright and
related rights of the information society (DASDVSI), the French Senate
voted this month the law which continues to be severely criticised by the
consumer associations as well as software companies.
The Senators have adopted the law with 164 votes for and 128 against. The
"for" votes came from UMP (Union pour un Mouvement Populaire) and from
the radical part of RDSE (Rassemblement Democratique et Social Europeen).
The socialist group of Verts (Greens) and the PCF (French Communist Party)
voted against it.
The law supported by the Senate has also changed the article 7, that was
adopted by the Deputies and required the DRM vendors and commercial
platforms to open their technology to competitors in order to make it
interoperable. This brought forth the reaction of companies such as Apple
or Microsoft and of the American Minister of Commerce. The senators, guided
by the rapporteur Michel Thiollihre and by Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres,
Minister of Culture, adopted a totally different system based on the
creation of an independent administrative authority.
The current text no longer guaranties the right to the private copy, which
is considered as a serious blow to the consumers. The CLCV (Association
Consommation, logement et cadre de vie) states a "conditioned private copy"
takes away from the consumer the right to privately use a work that was
acquired legally. The association considers the consumer should no longer
pay for the possibility to copy, which is actually refused.
Another measure considered as unrealistic is the one that holds software
companies liable when their software is used for piracy. This measure also
affects companies relying on open- source software.
"It is the nature of open source that there is nothing we can do about a
program once it is distributed," said Gilles Gravier, chief technology
strategist for security at Sun Microsystems. "Also the open-source
licenses are issued on a global basis.
Finally, this law draft has succeeded in raising more criticism after
having been voted by the Senate than after it was passed by the National
Assembly in March 2006.
The DADVSI law will be debated further on in a Mixed Joint Commission
including seven deputies and seven senators, which has the task to
reconcile the disagreements between the texts adopted by the two
Assemblies. According to certain sources, this Commission would be gathered
on 30 May.
French iPod bill moves forward (11.05.2006)
The draft law on copyright raises vivid critics (only in French, 12.05.2006)
The Senate cancels the forced interoperability (only in French, 10.05.2006)
EDRI-gram : Update on French EUCD Transposition (29.03.2006)
What's so special about French EUCD transposition? (15.03.2006)
5. German Constitutional Court has outlawed preventive data screening
On 22 May the German Constitutional Court has declared illegal under the
German Constitution the practice of screening data across several private
and public databases in order to find potential terrorists ("sleepers").
Several federal states will now have to change their police laws. The
decision does not make data screening ("Rasterfahndung", literally: "grid
investigation", usual transliterations: "dragnet investigation" or "data
trawl") completely illegal, but binds it to very narrow conditions. The
measure is still legal for investigations in specific criminal cases, as
it was used against the left-wing guerrilla RAF in the 1970s, when the
"Rasterfahndung" was invented. But for crime prevention purposes, it can
only be done in the presence a concrete danger for the lives or liberties
of persons or for the existence of the Federal Republic of Germany or a
federal state (Land). This requires factual indicators for an imminent
attack. A general threat condition or foreign tensions like after 9/11
2001 are not sufficient.
The Federal Police Agency (Bundeskriminalamt) had coordinated such
screenings, in cooperation with the state-level police authorities after
the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001. Universities, private
companies, private security firms, public transport institutions, facility
providers, municipal authorities, and the Federal Register of Foreign
Residents were required to submit comprehensive information they had on
anybody matching a set of criteria (male, aged between 18 and 40, student
or former student, country of origin mainly Muslim) to the state police
agencies. The latter did a screening run for matches across the different
submitted databases that combined included more than 8 million people. The
31 988 hits were stored in a central file called "sleepers" and again
screened by the Federal Police Agency against a database that included up
to 300 000 persons who held a pilot license, were supposed to be
dangerous, or matched some other criteria. The remaining several thousand
persons (matches) was manually reviewed by the state police agencies. The
whole exercise did not lead to a single terrorist suspect or prosecution.
The plaintiff, a Morrocan citizen who studied in Germany in 2001, argued
that his right for informational self-determination was breached, that the
screening was an especially severe breach of fundamental rights because it
took place unbeknownst to the people affected, that it was not
proportionate because of the lack of factual indicators for an imminent
terrorist attack in Germany, and that the criteria were discriminating him
and fellow Muslims on the basis of religion. The lower courts had
overturned his arguments.
The official data protection commissioners, the opposition parties Greens,
Liberals and Socialists, and civil liberties groups applauded the court
decision and demanded an immediate stop of plans for similar measures like
communications traffic data retention, license-plate screening, or the
creation of new investigative powers for the Federal Police Agency for the
prevention of crimes. A spokesperson of the federal Ministry of the
Interior said that in international terrorism, there was only a thin line
between a general and a concrete threat condition, making it difficult to
apply the decision. The Bavarian Minister of the Interior, G|nther
Beckstein, called the decision "a black day for the effective fight
against terrorism in Germany." The association of student representatives,
which had supported the plaintiff, demanded a "personal apology" from the
responsible authorities for the illegal and unconstitutional
discrimination of foreign and Muslim students in Germany.
Up to eleven federal states will now have to change their police laws and
criminal procedures acts. The decision will also have an impact on the
discussion about the legality of mandatory communications data retention
in Germany. The Constitutional Court explicitly re-emphasised in the
reasons given for the judgement the "strict prohibition, beyond
statistical purposes, of the storage of personally identifiable data on
stock." ("auf Vorrat"). "Vorratsdatenspeicherung" - literally: "data
storage on stock" - is the German term for data retention.
Decision of the German Constitutional Court, 1 BvR 518/02 (in German only,
Press Release of the German Constitutional Court (in German only,
Overview of reactions to the decision (in German only)
Berlin Data Protection and Freedom of Information Commissioner: Special
Report on the Execution of Data Screening in Berlin (in German only,
(Contribution by Ralf Bendrath, EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien - Germany)
6. UK Government asks for the encryption keys
The UK Home Office is planning to implement Part 3 of the Regulation of
Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA). That would allow the police forces to ask
for the disclosure of encryption keys, or force suspects to decrypt
encrypted data.
RIPA was promoted in 2000, but until now the officials have not implement
Part 3. There were still voices that considered that parts I and III of the
Act should be reviewed to consider whether the Act was effective in meeting
its aims. However, until now, the Act has remained in its initial form .
Recently, the Home Office started a consultation considering that the
provisions in Part 3 would be needed to fight against an increased use
of encryption by criminals, paedophiles, and terrorists. The officials are
also expecting proposals for amendments to RIPA.
The Home Office minister of state, Liam Byrne, told Parliament last week
that "Encryption products are more widely available and are integrated as
security features in standard operating systems, so the Government has
concluded that it is now right to implement the provisions of Part 3 of
RIPA... which is not presently in force."
This decision has triggered a lot of comments and criticism from experts in
the industry, considering that anyone who refuses to hand over a key to the
police would face up to two years imprisonment. Experts are worried about
the effects of the Act, that might push some businesses outside UK, but also
about the practical solutions related to financial institutions that use
such security devices.
Readers and experts cited by Zdnet UK point out that the law might be
impossible to enforce. The encryption expert Peter Fairbrother underlined:
"It is, as ever, almost impossible to prove 'beyond a reasonable
doubt' that some random-looking data is in fact ciphertext, and then prove
that the accused actually has the key for it, and that he has refused a
proper order to divulge it".
UK Government to force handover of encryption keys (18.05.2006)
Anger over encryption key seizure threat (19.05.2006)
7. Big Brother Awards Italy 2006
organized as usual - by the Winston Smith Project with the help of several
This edition saw a much larger participation than 2005: the participants
could hardly fit the hall of Palazzo Vecchio, and several people had to
stand for the whole duration of the event. The number of presentations (19)
and participating organizations (14) saw a marked and unexpected growth.
As usual, the Italian Big Brother Awards were given during the conference.
Although none of the awards' recipients were present, a mock Darth Vader -
prompting hilarity from the public - took the prizes in custody.
The positive prize "Winston Smith  - Privacy Hero", which was assigned in
2005 to Stefano Rodot` (former president of the Italian Privacy Authority)
was won by the No1984.org group, for its relentless information work against
Trusted Computing.
Trusted Computing was indeed one of the central players of the whole event,
as it also won the prize for  "Most Invasive Technology", while the prize
for "Worst Private Group" was assigned to the Trusted Computing Group, the
business association that is developing the technical specs of the Trusted
Computing technology. One can only deduce that the most dangerous enemy for
net-privacy in the coming future has been clearly identified by netizens.
Other BBA winners include Enzo Mazza, president of FIMI  (Federazione
Industria Musicale Italiana - Italian Music Industry Federation) for its
organization's lobbying on ISP's responsibilities in copyright violation,
the Italian Privacy Authority for its power (pursuant to art. 158,
Legislative Decree 196/03) to enter private premises even without a judicial
mandate, and Mauro Masi of the Office of the President of the Council, for
blocking the ongoing reform work on Italian copyright law - which, among
other things, would have moved copyright violation from the criminal to the
civil sphere.
E-Privacy 2006 Conference
Big Brother Awards Italy 2006
Winston Smith Project
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso, consultant on digital policies, and Marco
Calamari, founder of the Winston Smith Project)
8. Application of the FOI law in Macedonia
The Parliament of Macedonia adopted the Law on Free Access to Information of
Public Character in February 2006. NGO activists made some effort to make
some quality changes to the proposed law and as a result some essential
recommendations were accepted and implemented in the law.
Although three months have past since the adoption of the law, the
Commission for protection of the right for free access to information was
established only last week. According to the law, the Commission should
have been appointed by the Parliament of Macedonia a month after the law was
passed. According to government officials, the Commission will become
operational from September this year, when the implementation of the law
itself must start. It means that citizens can refer to the Commission if
they think that their right to have access to information of public
character is violated. On 11 May 2006 the Commission had a constitutive
session and presented its tasks. In this respect, a lot of activities for
raising awareness must be conducted in cooperation with NGOs in order to
promote the new institution and support the successful implementation of the
The most important task of the Commission is to provide guidance and
procedures for a proper implementation of the law. Moreover, the Commission
must publish a list of institutions that represent information holders.
After that, the holders of public information must appoint an official FOI
person in charge of dealing with FOI requests.
Several NGOs are working on the monitoring of the implementation of the FOI
law and conduct raising awareness activities. So far, NGOs articulated and
sustained activities have had results. Hopefully, their efforts will also
speed-up the process of creating an proper environment for an efficient FOI
implementation in Macedonia.
EDRi-gram : Freedom of Information Act in Macedonia (18.01.2006)
(Contribution by Bardhyl Jashari, EDRI-member Foundation Metamorphosis -
9. PM supports rejected UK ID Cards Act
Tony Blair stated a strong support for the ID card Act that was rejected by
the House of Lords in January this year.
The Government had considered the card as essential in the fight against
crime, illegal immigration, and identity theft. However, the House of Lords
required from the Government to give further clarifications related to
detailed costs for such a system, a higher security in recording and storing
personal data and asked for a change in one of the purposes of the system
from 'securing efficient and effective provision of public services' to
preventing 'illegal and fraudulent access to public services'.
The 'Identity Project' report of the London School of Economics had also
stated that the government proposal lacked defined goals without clearly
showing the impact upon terrorism or identity theft and also considered the
project as underestimated from the point of view of the costs.
In endorsing the project, the Prime Minister went as far as stating "we need
identity cards both for foreign nationals and for British nationals. If we
want to track people coming in and out of our country and to know the
identity of people who are here, then that is what we have to do." Foreign
nationals are not presently included in the Act. As a response to the claims
that the ID scheme is a tracking mean, Blair used 'log' or 'identify' as
synonyms for 'track', considered as not a very fortunate choice of words.
The Register's columnist John Lettice considers that the so called "ring of
steel" promoted by Tony Blair has several failing issues. The e-Borders
which is supposed to help the Government know who is coming into the
country, and who is going out, even if implemented at all border entry
points shows a lot of vulnerabilities. EU citizens will be able to come in
and work if they like, and travellers from numerous countries don't require
visas. The identity of these travellers is not certain as false documents
can be obtained in these countries. Blair's plans to solve the immigration
question through the application of IT will meet difficulties on several
Fortress Blair - PM bets on biometric ring of steel to 'fix' immigration
EDRI-gram: UK ID card scheme - defeated in the House of Lords (18.01.2006)
London School of Economics 'Identity Project'
10. Recommending Reading
conference "FM10 Openness: Code, Science and Content".  The occasion
was the tenth anniversary of "First Monday", the first peer-reviewer
journal born on the Internet. The final day of the conference gathered a
group that brainstormed over the first draft of the "Chicago Manifesto".
Chicago Manifesto on Openness (17.05.2006)
Website of the conference (with abstracts and papers)
First Monday
11. Agenda
14-18 June, Rathen, Germany
ICA-IAMCR Symposium on Internet Governance
19-20 June 2006, Paris, France
New relations between creative individuals and communities, consumers and
citizens. Hosted by the TransAtlantic Consumer Dialogue (TACD)
19-23 June, Singapore
Euro-Southeast Asia ICT Forum (EUSEA2006) (with the EU Commission as
21 June 2006, Luxembourg
Safer Internet Forum 2006 Focus on two topics: "Children's use of new media"
and "Blocking access to illegal content: child sexual abuse images"
26-27 June 2006, Berlin, Germany
The Rising Power of Search-Engines on the Internet: Impacts on Users, Media
Policy, and Media Business
3-5 July, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business, 19th Annual International Conference
"Privacy Crisis Ahead? Investing enough in data protection to strengthen
and defend your reputation"
16 - 28 July 2006, Oxford, UK
Annenberg/Oxford Summer Institute: Global Media Policy: Technology and New
Themes in Media Regulation
2-4 August 2006, Bregenz, Austria
2nd International Workshop on Electronic Voting 2006 Students may apply for
funds to attend the workshop until 30 June 2006.
14-16 September 2006, Berlin, Germany
Wizards of OS 4 Information Freedom Rules
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-11-12 23:42:46
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.21,  8 November 2006 
Due to severe hardware failure, our mailing server was off-line until this
weekend, so we can send only now the EDRi-gram edition that was published on
our website on 8 November.
Please accept our apologies for this situation.
            EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
     Number 4.21, 8 November 2006
Support EDRi-gram!
1. Discussion during IGF against Internet content control
2. Danish ISP forced to block Allofmp3.com
3. Greek blog aggregator admin arrested
4. IGF Outcome : Dynamic Coalition on Privacy
5. Czech Republic bestowed Big Brother Awards for the second time
6. UK DNA Database under scrutiny
7. The Role of OSS for the Development of Information Society
8. Privacy Commissioners act together
9. Fileshares get different treatment in Europe's courts
10. ENDitorial : IGF - UN innovation or just another conference ?
11. Recommended reading
12. Agenda
13. About
Support EDRi-gram!
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights
in the EU.
Thanks to your last years donations EDRi is able to issue 24 editions
of EDRi-gram in 2006. To continue with EDRi-gram in 2007 we again ask
for your support.
If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making
a private donation, or interest your organisation in sponsorship. We
will gladly send you a confirmation for any amount above 250 euro.
KBC Bank Auderghem-Centre, Chaussie de Wavre 1662, 1160 Bruxelles,
Name: European Digital Rights Asbl
Bank account nr.: 733-0215021-02
IBAN: BE32 7330 2150 2102
BIC: KREDBEBB
1. Discussion during IGF against Internet content control
The first global Internet Governance Forum (IGF) was organized by United
Nations in Athens between 30 October and 2 November 2006.
The forum has shown a strong and large opposition to Internet blocking and
filtering, putting under pressure repressive governments such as China. The
three sessions devoted to content regulation and control have been dominated
by the advocates of anti-censorship and access to knowledge that have
criticized the state control of Internet content.
Thus, Amnesty International publicly handed a pledge, called
Irrepressible Info. that states: "I believe the Internet should be a force
for political freedom, not repression. People have the right to seek and
receive information and to express their peaceful beliefs online without
fear or interference. I call on governments to stop the unwarranted
restriction of freedom of expression on the Internet - and on companies to
stop helping them do it."
Most panellists from several work sessions opposed the extension of content
filtering and blocking. They criticized severely the representative of the
Council of Europe who tried to justify regulating "harmful content."
Some participants argued in favour of an international treaty on Access to
Knowledge, supported for some time by South Africa, some other governments
and NGOs.
Mr. Joichi Ito, the iCommons chairman, emphasised the fact
that the access to Internet was already considerably restricted by the
identification and authentication measures required for DRM and considered
the copyright legislation was getting, "worse and worse" . He said one
solution to the problem could be to review the copyright laws so as to adapt
the multimedia domain. Another solution would be through the Creative
Commons and its alternative licenses.
Among other important subjects debated during the sessions there was the
problem of unsolicited email communications.A group of six main anti-spam
organisations made an alliance called Stop Spam Alliance and launched a
website with information and advise on spam.
The Internet Governance Forum (IGF)
Internet Governance Forum 2006 Greece
Reporter's Log: Internet Governance Forum (2.11.2006)
The gossip issue (2.11.2006)
Assault on State Censorship at the IGF (1.11.2006)
IGF: more free content for the Internet (2.11.2006)
Stop Spam Alliance
2. Danish ISP forced to block Allofmp3.com
A Danish court ruled against the Danish ISP Tele2 and ordered to block all
access to the site Allofmp3.com. According to the ruling, the ISP is
willingly infringing copyright if its customers use AllofMP3 to download
IFPI Denmark sued the ISP, Tele2, in July 2006. It asked the judge to force
the ISP to block access to AllofMP3.com. A few days ago, the judge ruled in
favor of the IFPI, but Tele2 will appeal this decision.
The verdict hasn't been taken well by ISPs from all over the world. It is a
milestone in the IFPI's efforts. According to the IFPI it will be referenced
in future cases, not only against Danish ISPs, but ones in other EU
countries too.
The verdict could have very strong implications for the future. It clearly
states that an ISP can be held liable for temporarily (milliseconds) storing
infringing data on their routers. This means that ISPs can be forced to
block websites, if the court decides that these sites are mainly used to
spread "illegal" content.
These are the most critical passages in the IFPI vs. Tele2 ruling :
a.Under section 2(2) of the Danish Copyright Act, reproduction is
regarded as any direct or indirect, temporary or permanent, and complete or
partial reproduction in any form or manner whatsoever. Thus, any form of
copying falls within the scope of section 2.
b. Based on this, the Court finds that the fleeting and random fixation
of the work of music in the form of electronic signals conducted in the
various routers during the transmission of data packages via the Internet
also falls within the scope of section 2 of the Danish Copyright Act.
c. Furthermore, Tele2 cannot invoke the right of temporary reproduction
under section 11a of the Danish Copyright Act, since this provision
presupposes that the reproduction is based on a legal copy.
The head of a Danish telecommunications industry group told Computerworld
Denmark that they "are horrified over this judgment, to say the least. It
means that we must now keep an eye on what our users are doing online. And
blocking user access to certain websites will never be a perfect solution."
Sebastian Gjerding , spokesperson for Piratgruppen, said: "This case shows
that it has never been the question if Allofmp3 were legal or not. Its part
of IFPI's more general attack on the freedom of the Internet. They have lost
control over their customers, and they want it back at any price."
Piratgruppen is the sister organization of the famous Swedish Piratbyren, an
organization whose goals are reforming current copyright law and protecting
consumers' rights.
Sebastian added: "The verdict is highly controversial as it brings internet
censorship to Europe. It states that ISPs are responsible for the traffic
they route. In this way introducing a new paradigm, where Internet service
providers are obliged to block sites that the authorities dislike. The
verdict is at the same time so unclear that accusations of copyright
infringement can be used to censor a long list of sites. The result is the
destruction of the Internet as a free space of communication, and the
realization of national borders in cyberspace."
Danish ISP forced to censor the Internet (5.11.2006)
Allofmp3.forbidden in Denmark (only in Danish, 25.10.2006)
Danish ISP Must Block AllofMP3.com ( 25.10.2006)
Verdict IFPI vs. Tele 2 (2.11.2006)
EDRI-gram : Russian copyright law gets tougher (13.09.2006)
(Contribution by Smaran-Torrentfreak  and Sebastian Gjerding,
Piratgruppen.org - Denmark)
3. Greek blog aggregator admin arrested
Antonis Tsipropoulos, the administrator of a Greek blog aggregation
website, blogme.gr, had his house raided, his hard drive seized and was
himself arrested by the Greek cybercrime division, after having been served
with a libel lawsuit without prior notice, because a public figure was
offended by a satirical blog that was linked to by his site. The outraged
response by Greek bloggers was immediate and unprecedented, reaching in the
hundreds of posts within two days of the raid.
It was later revealed that the arrest and seizure had taken place 5
months prior to the revelation, but Mr. Tsipropoulos had chosen to
withhold the incident. The story however received wide coverage in local
media, as well as international attention, since it's disclosure
coincided with the First Internet Governance Forum being hosted in
Athens last week, that was attended by Internet luminaries,
entrepreneurs and activists like Vint Cerf, Bob Kahn and Joi Ito and
featuring panels on Openness and Freedom of Expression.
The IGF Openness session in particular dealt at length with the
implications of the arrest, with whether blogs should be regulated and
the larger question of free speech on the Internet. Chairing the session
was Greek Minister of State and government spokesman Theodoros
Roussopoulos, who, when asked about the case, denied any knowledge of
the incident. The Minister then went on to declaim against "bloggers who
spread lies through television", giving rise to yet another hue and cry
among greek bloggers.
Despite the successful campaign to break out the story to the media
ahead of the IGF, Greek bloggers have largely been intimidated from the
combined effect of the aggregator's arrest and the Minister's
statements, and many fear that political blogging might lead to
persecution as their status under Greek law is non-existent.
Prior successes of the Greek cybercrime division include the arrest of
Swedish programmer Rick Downes on charges of spreading spam via
handshake. Greece also made international headlines four years ago
because of the shortsighted and highly controversial electronic games
ban, that ended with the government being forced by public outcry, both
at home and abroad - as well as the intervention of the European
Commission - to amend the law and later suspend and deprecate it as
On a related note, Amnesty International recently put out a "Call to
Bloggers", to stand up for Internet freedom ahead of the IGF, while its
representatives to the Forum presented special advisor to UN
Secretary-General on internet governance, Nitin Desai, with a petition
calling on governments to stop the unwarranted restriction of freedom of
expression on the internet, and on companies to stop helping them do
it", backed by 50,000 online signatures.
A representative of Reporters without Frontiers (RSF) also attended the
meeting to accuse leading IT companies of assisting the Chinese government's
efforts to curtail free speech in the country. RSF recently published its
5th Annual Worldwide Press Freedom Index, which ranks Greece 32nd among 168
places, leading other EU15 members such as France and Italy, as well as the
US, but lagging behind such countries as Namibia, Bolivia and Bosnia -
Greek Blog Agregator
Greek blogger arrest infuriates world (30.10.2006)
U.N. blasts Cisco, others on China cooperation (31.10.2006)
Blogging in the free speech world (31.10.2006)
"Call to Bloggers" to stand up for freedom ahead of world meeting on future
of Internet (27.10.2006)
North Korea, Turkmenistan, Eritrea the worst violators of press freedom -
Press Freedom Index 2006
Greek Blogs on the blogme.gr case (only in Greek)
( Contribution by Asteris Masouras - oneiros.gr/blog )
4. IGF Outcome : Dynamic Coalition on Privacy
At the Internet Governance Forum (IGF) a diverse group of stakeholders has
agreed to launch a Dynamic Coalition on Privacy, which will address emerging
issues of internet privacy protection such as digital identities, the link
between privacy and development, and the importance of privacy and anonymity
for freedom of expression. It will initiate an open process to further
develop and clarify the public policy aspects of privacy in internet
governance in the perspective of the next IGF meeting in Brazil in 2007. The
group will use online collaboration tools as well as facilitate meetings at
related events all over the world throughout the year. Participants in
Athens in particular agreed that there is a need for greater public
participation in technical and legal standardizations that have a global
public policy impact on privacy. They also emphasised that it is important
to better include perspectives from developing countries in these processes.
One of the main outcomes of the IGF is the creation of "dynamic coalitions"
or multi-stakeholder groups working together on a common issue over a
multi-year process. The Dynamic Coalition on Privacy is a direct outcome of
two privacy workshops at the IGF on 31 October, co-organized by the
Information Systems Group at the LSE and the University of Bremen. It also
reflects discussions held during the IGF main session on cyber-security as
well as the IGF workshops on "Human Rights and the Internet" organized by
the Council of Europe and on an "Internet Bill of Rights" organized by the
Government of Italy together with IP Justice and the Internet Society of
Italy. It builds upon several months of multi-stakeholder collaboration in
the run-up to the UN meeting in Athens.
The coalition is open to interested parties and will start a global process
to engage more stakeholders over the next year. Therefore, more than 40
start-up organizations call for people interested in or willing to join the
work of this coalition and for recommending other stakeholders that should
be contacted.
The French government has offered to host a follow-up meeting in Paris in
early 2007.
Dynamic Coalition on Privacy
5. Czech Republic bestowed Big Brother Awards for the second time
On 30 October 2006 in Prague the Big Brother Awards for the most
egregious data privacy transgressions in the Czech Republic were bestowed
for the second time. The event organised by the NGO Iuridicum Remedium was
quite a big success reported by many national media. The chief of the Czech
data protection office as well as other officials and foreign guests -
Meryem Marzouki from EDRi, padeluun from German FoeBud, Alexander Kashamov,
of AIP organising BBA event in Bulgaria together with dozens of people
enjoyed the evening show.
Thus, for retaining indefinitely the data of its former customers and even
of people who have merely made an inquiry with the institution, the
"Komercnm banka" (which freely translates as "Commercial Bank") will
henceforth be allowed to bear the title of "Worst Commercial Intruder."
The title of "Biggest State Intruder," on the other hand, the jury thought
fit to bestow upon the country's Minister of Finance Vlastimil Tlust} .
Anyone who wants to do small business in the Czech Republic must apply for a
taxpayer reference number. This number is to certain extend identical to the
identity number that every Czech national receives and retains throughout
his or her life. This way, identity numbers of a great part of the Czech
citizens are available in the database accessible by public.
The International Award went to the United States for surreptitiously
gathering financial transactions data supplied by the transaction services
provider SWIFT as well as for the country's controversial flight passenger
data collection scheme that applies to all passengers flying to the United
The jury found the most dangerous new technology from a data-privacy
protection angle to be that introduced by the Czech Federal Railway Company.
The company is banking on "In-Karta," an RFID-based ticket that makes it
possible to track the movement of passengers. The title Big Brother law of
the year went to the Law on electronic communications which introduces
Data Retention Directive. The law has been in force in the Czech Republic
since last autumn.
The winner of the award for the "most ridiculous argument against data
protection" was Milos Titz, the erstwhile deputy chairman of the
Parliamentary Committee on Defence and Security. Six months ago Mr. Titz
came out in public with the following statement: "If I don't do anything bad
I have nothing to fear of phonetapping." Alas, the Social Democratic Member
of Parliament is not alone in adopting this attitude toward data privacy
protection. A virtually identical statement helped the Czech Police
Commissioner Jirm Kolar bag last year's Big Brother award.
Positive prize for protection of the privacy was given to EDRi represented
in Prague by its chairwomen Meryem Marzouki. EDRi was awarded the prize for
its electronic biweekly EDRigram which becomes the most important source of
information on privacy protection in Europe and for the coordination of the
campaign against Data retention last year.
Big Brother Awards 2006 - Czech Republic
(Contribution by Filip Pospisil - EDRI-member Iuridicum Remedium - Czech
Republic and padeluun - FoeBud, Germany)
6. UK DNA Database under scrutiny
United Kingdom has today the largest DNA database in the world, with over
3,5 million DNA samples. These days the Nuffield Council on Bioethics
announced starting a public consultation about the new legislation regarding
the storage of the DNA samples.
The DNA database was initiated in 1996 with little public consultation and
since 2003 anyone arrested by the police had their DNA taken, for crimes
going from murder to drink driving. Their DNA samples have been kept even
though they have never been officially charged. A Home office report  has
shown that over 139 000 people, including 24 000 children, are in this
The report also shows that 5,24 % of the UK population has a profile in the
database. The DNA sample could be taken also from victims or witnesses, but
only with their written consent. However, the consent could not be
The percentage could increase up to 25% of the population, if the original
plans of Tony Blair continues. In a recent visit to the Forensic Science
Service, which operates the database for the Home Office, the prime minister
declared that he wanted a further extension of the DNA database. According
to the new legislation, the samples will be kept for three years for the
people charged with violent and sexual offences, even if they are not
The independent think-tank Nuffield Council on Bioethics called for a
public consultation regarding the UK DNA database. One of the members of the
think-tank is Sir Alec Jeffreys, who developed the DNA testing in
1980s. He considers that the initial objective of the tool - to catch
criminals that re-offend - has been overridden and expressed his concerns
that the samples could be used  in the future also for different purposes.
Sir Jeffreys said that the collected DNA samples were now "skewed
socio-economically and ethnically". "The real concern I have in the UK is
what I see as a sort of 'mission creep'."
The chairman of the Nuffield Council Sir Bob Hepple explained the scope of
the campaign:
"We want to hear the public's views on whether storing the DNA profiles of
victims and suspects who are later not charged, or acquitted, is justified
by the need to fight crime." He also explained that: "Certain groups, such
as young males and ethnic minorities, are over- represented on the database,
and the council will be asking whether this potential for bias in law
enforcement is acceptable."
The forensic use of bioinformation: ethical issues (1.11.2006)
DNA pioneer accuses the police of being overzealous (2.11.2006)
Growing DNA database 'turning Britain into a nation of suspects' (1.11.2006)
Public consulted over DNA fears  (1.11.2006)
7. The Role of OSS for the Development of Information Society
The conference "The Role of Open Source Software for the Development
of Information Society" was held in Yerevan, capital of Armenia from 31
October to 1 November 2006. The conference aimed at the exchange of
experience in open source promotion policy and in the use of open source
software in specific areas such as public administration and education.
The Conference was organised by the Center for Information Law and Policy
(CILP) and was attended by representatives of non-governmental organizations
from Eastern Europe (Macedonia and Bulgaria), CIS countries (Russia,
Ukraine, Moldova, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, and Tajikistan), and Armenian
officials responsible for the development of information policies.
Ms. Larisa Minasyan, director of Open Society Institute Assistance
Foundation - Armenia, noted that "EU integration is a big open source
project" in which member countries consider solutions to change the way
they function.
Presenting the free and open source software situation in Armenia, Ms.
Taguhi Tumayan, CILP, noted that one of the main issues is the lack of
comprehensive applied policies. The good news is that international donors
ask for use of licensed software and 79% of the universities in Armenia use
Free and Open Source Software for e-learning applications.
Presenting the applied policies in Eastern Europe, Ms. Julia Velkova,
ISOC Bulgaria, noted that publishing laws under free licenses can be
considered as a step towards the development of appropriate applied
policies. She stressed the high value of Free and Open Source Software in
education and in the creation of added value in local economy.
She presented State ICT Agency in Bulgaria as an example. The ICT
Agency creates a register of open source projects that can be used by the
governmental bodies. The municipalities use Linux due to the outdated
hardware, despite the fact that the Government has bought MS Windows XP
licenses. Ms. Velkova said the Extremadura region in Spain developed its own
Linux version for the project within which a computer is provided for each
two students in primary school.
Mr. Filip Stojanovski, Metamorphosis Foundation representative,
presented the Macedonian experience in applied policies development through
the example of National Strategy for Development of Information Society,
the situation in local self-government units in Macedonia with the research
conducted in May and June 2006, as well as innovative ways for raising
awareness for free and open source software, and Get Your Job Done CD that
has notable public reaction.
Speaking of Governmental OSS Policies, Mr. Asomiddin Atoev, Director
of the Civil Initiative on Policy of Internet from Tajikistan referred to
CSIS report Global Policies on OSS, adding that "a major difference between
FOSS and proprietary software (PS) is in the way they provide access to the
benefits of information society." While PS promotes consumption and
passivity of the users, FOSS turns the users into developers". He mentioned
the examples of Tajikistan, whose e-Strategy considers FOSS as a tool to
narrow the growing digital divide, and Singapore, where the state provides
tax incentives for organizations using FOSS.
Comprehensive public debates on the use of the free and open source
software in education and public administration, as well as related legal
framework and implications were organised during the second day of the
conference. Major issues were discussed through concrete experiences:
training and retraining of users, which depends on whether they are thought
to use technologies and not individual products (Mr. Atoev); lack of
individual motivation of government employees, especially teachers, to
increase their IT skills level in Kazakhstan (Mr. Alexader Borovitsin from
Information Initiatives Foundation); need for increased usability (Mr.
Vyacheslav Baharev from Kiberkultura Kazakhstan); example of extensive use
of localized FOSS in the Armenian Army, aimed at untrained recruits who
don't know English (Mr. Ruben Muradyan of Public TV Company of Armenia); and
copyright and/or patenting of software and algorithms in the legal framework
In the closing session of the conference, Mr. David Sandukhchyan from
CILP underlined the general impression that the conference had a productive
knowledge exchange and it was a basis for networking of stakeholders from
the wider region of Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
Open Source Policy Conference
(Contribution by Filip Stojanovski - EDRI-member Metamorphosis - Macedonia)
8. Privacy Commissioners act together
At the 28th annual Conference of Data Protection and Information
Commissioners held on 2-3 November in London, privacy commissioners from ten
countries adopted common policies related to the international issue of
increased citizen surveillance.
The document adopted by the commissioners, titled "Communicating Data
Protection and Making It More Effective",  asked for a common support in
creating an international convention on data protection, first agreed on by
commissioners in 2005.
UK's Information Commissioner, Richard Thomas welcomed the initiative of the
commissioners that show concern for the protection of data. He had already
warned on the dangers created by the monitoring of individuals' actions in
UK by public and private bodies. A report prepared by the Commissioner's
office had showed a spilt between wealthy and poor people in both physical
and economical mobility, triggered by social profiles based on data
In the same direction, on the occasion of the 72nd Federal Conference of 19
October 2006 at Naumburg, Germany, data protection officers criticized a
planned anti-terror file as being unconstitutional. A resolution was passed
in this sense.
Although they think the terrorism threat has to be dealt with, the German
data protection officers consider any anti-terrorist action should be
within the Constitution and therefore they would like to see some
modifications in the planned anti-terror file.
Another concern expressed by the data protection officers is related to a
central "educational register" with ID number for schoolchildren and
teachers called for by the German Standing Conference of the Ministers of
Education and Cultural Affairs of the Ldnder, in view of identifying
individual data records at any time. The data protectionists have passed a
resolution stating there is no clear need for such a register at the
national level.
A new resolution of the data protectionists was related to the use of RFID
chips and the creation of secret profiles by scanning data from the RFID
devices. The resolution requires for devices to disable the chips used in
the retail and service sectors and the use of encryption during data
transmission and storing to prevent data scanning by unauthorised persons.
However, just a couple of weeks after the German privacy commissioners
meeting, the Bundesrat, the upper chamber of the German Parliament has
approved the federal government's draft regulation on the introduction of
unique and permanent identity numbers, for tax assessment purposes.
Irrespective of  age, each German citizen will have an identity number
starting with July 2007. The identity number, given by the Federal Central
Tax Office, will replace the taxpayer identification numbers issued by the
German federal states and will include personal details such as name, sex,
date of birth or address.
Data protection advocates have largely criticized the proposed new identity
number that will accompany its "owner" permanently for the entire life and
which will be included in a large database. They claim there is no
provision that would prevent the information collected for this database to
be used by the taxpayers' employers or clients.
Privacy chiefs vow to fight surveillance together (7.11.2006)
"Communicating Data Protection and Making It More Effective" (3.11.2006)
Results of the Data protection Officers Conferences (27.10.2006, only in
Data protectionists criticize anti-terror file and register of
schoolchildren (30.10.2006)
Bundesrat gives the green light to identity number (7.11.2006)
9. Fileshares get different treatment in Europe's courts
A few interesting decisions regarding the copyright infringement by
fileshares have been taken in the last weeks by courts from different states
in Europe. Usage of p2p programms has been considered totally different in
decisions in Finland, Sweden and Spain.
At the end of October 2006, a judge from Turku, Finland convicted 22 people
for copyright infringement deciding on a fine of more than 420 000 euros in
damages, in favour of several plaintiffs including music, game and film
producers. The plaintiffs had claimed 3.5 millions euro as damages.
The group of sentenced people had a peer-to-peer file sharing network with
about 10 000 users, called Finreactor, and the judge ruled that the network
had been created with the precise purpose to share copyrighted works such
as games, software or movies thus violating the copyright law.
Although the defendants argued that the content was transferred directly
between the users with no storage on the network, claiming that, in this
case, they had no responsibility in the law infringement, the court
considered the service as a whole, thus involving directly its operators in
the violation action.
The Finnish court did not consider the offenders deserved a more severe
conviction and applied an earlier copyright legislation that required profit
scope for a criminal conviction on copyright violation.
Finland is not the only country to deal with file sharing more severely.
Sweden courts also fined two men who had downloaded movies and music for
personal use and more than 100 students at Vdxjv University of Sweden were
banned during the past two years from using the university network for
having downloaded copyrighted works.
A totally opposite decision was taken in Spain on 26 October 2006 when a
judge of the of Penal Court No.3 of Santander acquitted a 48-year-old man
who had shared digital music on the net, ruling that under the Spanish law a
person who downloads music for personal use, without the intention of
gaining money out of it, cannot be convicted.
The sentence was surprising for the state prosecutor's office and the two
music distribution associations, the Asociacisn Fonografica y Videografica
Espaqola (Afyve) and the Asociacisn Espaqola de distribuidores y editores
software de entretenimiento (Adese) who had asked for a two-year sentence
for the defendant, a 7.200 euro fine and 18.361 euro damages for Afyve.
The plaintiffs have not succeeded in proving the defendant had made money
from selling the CDs with the downloaded music and the judge argued that a
sentence "would imply the criminalization of socially accepted and widely
practiced behaviour in which the aim is in no way to make money illicitly,
but rather to obtain copies for private use."
The Spanish recording industry federation Promusicae stated it would appeal
against the decision. Justice Minister Juan Fernando Lopiz Aguilar also said
that artists' rights must be protected as much as possible and that Spain is
drafting a new law to eliminate the present right to private copies.
A judge from Santanter decided downloading music from the Internet without
working purpose is no crime (only in Spanish, 1.11.2006)
File sharing website brings heavy damages in copyright case (27.10.2006)
Finland convicts 22 in file sharing case (30.10.2006)
Students get network ban over file sharing(30.10.2006)
Two Swedes fined for file sharing (18.10.2006)
Spain Court Dismisses Music Download Case (2.11.2006)
10. ENDitorial : IGF - UN innovation or just another conference ?
Greece for the first global internet governance forum (IGF). The IGF is one
of the outcomes of the Tunis Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) in
2005, with the aim of creating a new global policy space to advance
discussions related to internet governance. Since the ICANN (Internet
Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) stalemate could not be resolved
at the Tunis Summit, the participants agreed to establish a process to
continue the debate, which is a classical way to deal with issues that are
politically difficult. So the idea of the IGF was born and actually first
proposed by civil society actors active in the WSIS negotiations. Civil
society actors were also very active in preparing the IGF through the
Advisory Group that was set up in May 2006 to assist UN Secretary General
Adviser Nitin Desai and the Swiss diplomat Markus Kummer in preparing the
The overall theme for the first IGF was "Internet governance for
development"; divided into four topics: Openness, Security, Diversity, and
Access. The IGF was structured around long plenary panel debates on the four
issues, combined with 30+ workshops organized by governments, civil society
and industry actors on a broad range of topics, ranging from privacy and
identity management, privacy and development, freedom of expression, content
regulation and access, capacity building, open standards, access to
knowledge, infrastructure security and so on.
Optimists hope for the IGF to harvest new grounds for the development of
public policy on internet-related issues, using a model based on an open and
informal deliberative process in which the role of civil society is not
subordinated to that of governments. As several interventions stressed,
choosing Athens -"the cradle of western democracy"- as the IGF's host city
may suggest that a new model of networked policy making is being born. From
this perspective, the IGF represents the first step towards truly
multi-stakeholder policy dialogue and cooperation, at UN level. Others are
more skeptical and see the IGF as yet another talkshow where everyone talks,
but no one listens, and where the broad civil society coalition and pressure
have been demobilized into individual goals and actions. Not least since
there are no mechanisms to ensure that the many words are followed by
Looking at the IGF meeting from the perspective of European Digital Rights,
the interesting point is to which extent the IGF may advance the protection
and promotion of human rights such as privacy, freedom of expression, access
to information etc. in the digital world.
The IGF was definitely a new way to follow up on UN Summits, and in many
ways more interesting and inspiring with regard to the content being
discussed than the usual UN setting of pre-prepared statements and
constrained modalities for civil society interaction. One example, among
many, was the way internet architects Vincent Cerf and Robert Kahn actively
engaged in the debate with policy makers, NGOs etc. on how to find common
ground for the internet. Another example was the way contentious human
rights issues like imprisonment of bloggers, censorship on the net, industry
cooperation with governments that violate human rights, or intellectual
property rights regimes and their effect on access to knowledge was aired
and discussed in the main sessions to an extent that you rarely see in
normal UN gatherings. However, I should not be forgotten that this type of
debate is possible precisely because no common decisions are taken, and no
binding commitments are agreed upon.
Another perspective is the IGF as a policy laboratory, where new approaches
and cooperation may be tested.  One example is the new so-called dynamic
coalition on Privacy, which already has 40+ supporting organizations
ranging from privacy commissioners, governments, academia, industry, human
rights groups etc. The coalition is a new platform that aims to advance
privacy concerns on the global internet policy agenda, where it continued to
be absent during WSIS. The initiative is a direct outcome of a couple of
Privacy Workshops organised by "edri-associate" Gus Hosein from Privacy
International (London) and EDRI-member Ralf Bendrath from Netzwerk Neue
Medien (Berlin). Also, a number of new coalitions related to access to
knowledge and freedom of expression are already launched or in the pipeline.
It remains to be seen whether these new initiatives will have impact on the
content and shaping of future Internet policy decisions.
The IGF has no real powers in terms of enforcement, the concrete outcome
depends on how seriously it is treated, especially by governments. From a
civil society perspective, the IGF was a step forward in terms of
participation and in terms of setting the substantive agenda. However, it
appeared that policy makers were much more bewildered as to which role to
play. How should they interact in this rather loose setting where debate was
much less diplomatic than the usual policy spaces ? and how may the IGF feed
into the more closed policy spaces where decisions are actually taken?
Since the core idea of the IGF is to create new and more participatory ways
for policy deliberation, it is crucial that government delegates find their
feet in the process and are open to new ways of preparing for decisions. It
is also crucial that civil society groups keep up the pressure, and ask for
concrete indicators of progress. If not, it will just be civil society and
industry having yet another internet conference.
Internet Governance Forum
IGF Greece
(Contribution by Rikke Frank Joergensen, EDRI-member Digital Rights Denmark)
11. Recommanded Reading
A Report on the Surveillance Society: For the Information
Commissioner by the Surveillance Studies Network, 2006
12. Agenda
13 November 2006, London, United Kingdom
Blocking Denial of Service Attacks
A conference to discuss technical, legal, regulatory and contractual
measures that would have a real effect in reducing Denial of Service
attacks on-line.
15-17 November 2006, Skopje, Macedonia
International Conference "e-Society.Mk"
16 November 2006, Basel, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
30 November - 1 December 2006, Berlin, Germany
The New Surveillance - A critical analysis of research and methods in
Surveillance Studies. A two day international Conference hosted at the
Centre for Technology and Society of the Technical University Berlin.
2 December 2006, London, United Kingdom
Reclaiming Our Rights
14 December 2006, Madrid, Spain
Conference on the Admissibility of Electronic Evidence in Court in Europe.
The final event of the project Admissibility of the Electronic Evidence in
Court in Europe (A.E.E.C.) funded by the European Commission and led by the
Spanish company Cybex.
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-11-22 23:44:42
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.22, 22 November 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
     Number 4.22, 22 November 2006
1. Draft Audiovisual Directive limited to the TV-like services on the web
2. German draft law on data retention presented
3. New law proposal on data retention submitted in Italy
4. UK biometric passports project set back by simple cloning possibilities
5. Microsoft in danger of additional fining from the European Commission
6. Italian Minister of Justice proposes an authority for violent videogames
7. Logging of IP addresses banned in Germany
8. Swiss Big Brother Awards 2006
9. Italian postal codes can be freely accessed
10. FIPR report on children's databases - likely to harm rather than help
11. Support EDRi-gram
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Draft Audiovisual Directive limited to the TV-like services on the web
At the EU's Council of Ministers meeting on 14 November a new version of the
Audiovisual Media Services directive has been agreed, that limits
the new regulation regarding video on the Internet only to the TV-like
services (linear services). The video clips on the Internet will not be
subject of this new directive.
The initial version of the Audiovisual Media Services, which is a revision
of the 1997 Television without Frontiers (TWF) directive, has been seriously
criticized by various players - from the UK government to a number of media
scholars that signed the Budapest Declaration for Freedom of the Internet.
The new version agreed by the Council of Ministers, but also by the European
Parliament Culture committee introduces the notion of audiovisual media
services and distinguishes between television broadcasts ("linear" services"
e.g. scheduled broadcasting via traditional TV, the internet or mobile
phones, which "pushes" content to viewers) and on-demand services
("non-linear" such as video on-demand, which the viewer "pulls" from a
network).  In distinguishing between these two categories of audiovisual
media services, both the Commission and the Committee have stressed that
they are seeking to subject providers of "on demand services" to only a
minimum set of rules. Linear services, on the other hand, are more
thoroughly regulated.
One of the main supporters of the reduction of the content were the UK
broadcasting regulator Ofcom and Culture Secretary Tessa Jowell. Ofcom will
now have to regulate only the TV Internet broadcast from major televisions,
but will not include the social networking websites - so popular these days.
"Today's outcome is testament to the substantial progress we have made in
persuading our European partners to take our arguments on board," underlined
one of the supporters of the change, the UK creative industries minister,
Shaun Woodward.
Continuing the country of origin principle foreseen in the TWF directive,
the draft Audiovisual directive puts the national regulators in charge of
regulating the broadcasters that operate within their borders. The agreed
text includes also a mechanism allowing a destination Member State under
certain limited circumstances to take measures against a provider
established in another Member State.
Television in the digital age: MEPs adopt a new approach to product
placement (14.11.2006)
Britain kills EU attempt to regulate net video clips (14.11.2006)
Regulation of web video watered down in Europe (16.11.2006)
EDRI-gram: Draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive under criticism
EU Audiovisual Directive:Budapest Declaration for Freedom of the Internet
2. German draft law on data retention made public
On 8 November 2006, the German Minister of Justice Brigitte Zypries
presented a draft law aimed at transposing the EU directive on data
retention. The law would override the recent jurisprudence on IP logging by
mandating the retention of traffic data for a period of six months.
Retention requirements are also to apply to anonymization services, making
them practically superfluous. Furthermore anonymous e-mail accounts are to
be banned. Access to traffic data shall be permissible for the investigation
of "substantial" offences, but also for the investigation of any offence
committed by use of telecommunications networks (including sharing of
copyrighted content). The law is to enter into force on 15 September 2007.
Until 15 March 2009 data retention is to be optional for providers of
internet access, Internet telephony and e-mail services.
The draft law was sharply criticised by the activist Working Group on Data
Retention (Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung) for being unconstitutional.
The German Federal Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht) has
repeatedly ruled in the past that human rights permit the collection of
personal data only where they are needed for a specific purpose. The Working
Group called for the transposition process to be aborted or, at least,
suspended until the ECJ has ruled on Ireland's action for annulment of the
directive on data retention. The Working Group also criticized the German
draft law for going beyond EU requirements in relation to anonymization
services, e-mail services and access to retained data. The EU directive
applies to the investigation of "serious" offences only and does not ban
anonymous or anonymization services.
The activist group presented a class action to be submitted to the Federal
Constitutional Court in case the proposed law is adopted. The Court is to be
asked to provisionally suspend data retention in Germany while examining its
constitutionality. According to the draft application published on the
Internet, the EU directive on data retention is void for violating human
rights and for lacking a legal basis. The planned class action is supported
by several German jurists and is open for all German citizens to join.
Draft law on data retention in Germany (in German only, 8.11.2006)
Website of the Working Group on Data Retention including information on the
class action against data retention (in German only)
(Contribution by Patrick Breyer - Working Group on Data Retention - Germany)
3. New law proposal on data retention submitted in Italy
Thanks to Italian MP Maurizio Turco (Rosa nel Pugno) a law proposal on data
retention authored by the Winston Smith Project has been recently submitted
to the Italian Parliament as DDL (Disegno di Legge) number 1728.
The proposal, whose title is "Regulations for the collection, usage,
retention and deletion of geo-referenced or chrono-referenced data,
containing unique user identifiers, through automatic devices" aims to limit
the "side effects" of the current "data retention culture", in which - due
to political and technological reasons - logging and retention of all sorts
of data is the norm rather than the exception.
According to the explanatory text of the proposal, ISP connections, web
surfing patterns, mail, news, chats can be logged and stored indefinitely
with relatively small investments, even by small and medium organisations.
The phenomenon is not limited to the Internet "per se": GSM "cell data",
i.e. the list of cells to which a mobile phone connects while the owner
moves, or data resulting from RFID usage are two other examples.
Technological automation allows the creation of huge databases on
activities that are not necessarily considered "personal data" according to
Italian law 196/2003, the main legal source for privacy protection in Italy,
and are therefore not subject to the protection guaranteed thereof.
Such databases can quickly become a privacy nightmare as access controls
tend to be lax either for lack of funding or for a commercial interest into
giving such access in the first place, and as data mining theory and
applications become more and more sophisticated in cross-referencing
apparently innocuous data from different sources.
Three Italian laws regulate the duration of data retention: Legislative
Decree 259/2003 ("Codice delle comunicazioni elettroniche"), Law 196/2003
("Codice in materia di protezione dei dati personali) and, most recently,
the so-called "decreto Pisanu", from the name of the former Ministry of
Internal Affairs of the last Berlusconi government.
The law proposal by the Winston Smith Project does not want to negotiate the
current obligations related to data retention; rather, it aims at acting "ex
ante" by reducing the quantity of data that are automatically collected
without any specific legal obligation imposing such collection in the first
place. The law introduces the "duty to delete" principle, according to which
automatically collected data shall not be preserved for longer than strictly
necessary to achieve the goal for which collection took place in the first
place. In a nutshell, the law proposal aims at making deletion of data the
rule, rather than the exception.
The Winston Smith Project
An interoperable world: the European Commission vs Microsoft Corporation and
the value of open interfaces (04.2005)
Text of the law proposal (only in Italian)
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso, Italian consultant on digital policies)
4. UK biometric passports project set back by simple cloning possibilities
UK Government faces now a big problem related to the introduction of the new
biometric passports as recently it has been proven these passports can be
easily and very cheaply copied by means of a microchip reader that can be
legally bought on the Internet.
As a big embarrassment to the Home Office, a project having led to the
increase of the travel documents by 60 per cent since March 2006, and that
brought about 90 million euro costs for the passport production lines, may
be entirely dropped as the new passports are more a risk for their owners
rather than an improvement to the old documents.
"Three million people now have passports that expose them to a greater risk
of identity fraud than before." said Nick Clegg, the Liberal Democrat home
affairs spokesman.
UK government decided to introduce the micro-chipped biometric passports in
order to make theft more difficult, but an investigation led by the Guardian
has shown the respective passports can be easily read and copied. The data
obtained from three passports were transferred to a PC after gaining access
to the chips by means of a simple microchip reader, purchased from the
Internet for less than 150 euro, and then cloned with photograph included.
Computer expert Adam Laurie, who needed only 48 hours to write a software
capable to copy the information from the passports said: "The Home Office is
using strong cryptography to prevent conversations between the passport and
the reader being eavesdropped, but they are breaking one of the fundamental
principles of encryption by using non-secret information published in the
passport to create a 'secret key'. That is the equivalent of installing a
solid steel front door to your house and putting the key under the mat."
The Home Office commented on that considering the fact as not important:
"The information itself cannot be altered; the photo would still be the same
so the copy would be of no use to an impersonator trying to use it
fraudulently. Other than the photograph, which could be obtained easily by
other means, they would gain no information that they did not already have -
so the whole exercise would be utterly pointless." stated a spokesman.
As Phil Booth of NO2ID said: "The government is clearly derelict in its duty
to protect the privacy and security of British citizens".
Recall demand after cloning of new biometric passports (17.11.2006)
New biometric passports can be cloned using  equipment sold over
internet (17.11.2006)
Now, clone UK's new biometric passports with a 100 pound download from the
Net! (18.11.2006)
5. Microsoft in danger of additional fining from the European Commission
Microsoft faces additional fines for not having yet complied with the 2004
antitrust order through which it was ordered to provide the complete and
accurate interface documentation ensuring other companies to write software
that would work on systems running Windows .
The Commission considered in 2004 that Microsoft had abused its position in
the software market as its operation system Windows, used on more than 95%
of the PCs in the world, did not allow sufficient interoperability for other
software producers.
Microsoft had already been fined with 479 million euro and another fine of
280.5 million euro was established by the EC for Microsoft not having
observed the 19 July deadline. Now, the penalties will increase from 2 to 3
million euro per day in case the company does not meet the new deadline
established for 23 November 2006.
After that date, the information to be received from Microsoft will be
supplied to its competitors to decide whether it is enough for
Although Microsoft has said that it is ready to provide the remaining
information, the Commission seems to have lost its patience on the matter.
Commissioner Neelie Kroes stated to the UK newspaper The Guardian: "I am not
impressed if someone says 90% of the information is already there when we
need 100%. It's a jigsaw and some parts are missing. In my opinion, this
information should have been here a couple of months ago."
Microsoft's new operating system Vista that had been initially scheduled for
the middle on 2006 has been largely affected by this issue. Microsoft had to
agree to make changes to Vista as EU threatened to ban it based on concerns
that the software included in the operating system was violating antitrust
laws. This delay in releasing Vista on the market is estimated to have cost
Microsoft about 80 million euro per month and to have caused a drop of 20%
in sales on the PC market. Microsoft is now planning to launch the product
on 30 January 2007.
In case the Commission and other software companies are pleased with the
documents Microsoft is expected to provide, Microsoft will decide how much
to charge for licenses and, in case the Commission finds the cost too high,
it can again fine the US company.
Professor Neil Barrett, the Commission's 'monitoring trustee' will help the
Commission interpret the information provided by Microsoft and will monitor
the compliance with the Commission's decisions.
Microsoft has still not complied with 2004 ruling, says Commission
EU threatens Microsoft with new fines (15.11.2006)
EU sets Microsoft deadline, warns patience is thin (15.11.2006)
Microsoft Vista operating system to be released on 30th January 2007
EDRI-gram : Microsoft Vista gets criticism before its launching in Europe
6. Italian Minister of Justice proposes an authority for violent videogames
According to the Italian national newspaper La Repubblica, the Italian
Minister of Justice, Mr. Clemente Mastella, has recently claimed that it
would be advisable to create an "authority" that would "decide on acceptable
standards related to the modalities of sale" of videogames, so that it might
be possible to "find those [videogames] that contain unacceptable levels of
An "authority", in Italian political lingo, is a theoretically independent
public body that ought to check and control certain subsets of public life.
Examples include the "Autorit` per le Telecomunicazioni" (Authority for
Telecommunications) and the "Autorit` Garante della Concorrenza e del
Mercato" (Authority for Guaranteeing Competition and [Free] Market), both
criticized in the past for their inability to clearly fulfil their mission
due to too much internal bureaucracy and/or a sort of "psychological
dependence" towards the Government in charge and other powers-that-be.
Mr. Mastella's remarks, together with those of Mr. Giuseppe Fioroni,
Minister of Education, according to whom "freedom for videogames must stop
in front of the freedom of sons to live in serenity and without violence",
and those of Mr. Paolo Gentiloni, Minister of Communications, according to
whom "the issues in protecting minors is not limited to television, but must
extend to new media", seem to have been spurred by the videogame "Rule of
It is not clear at this point how an "Authority for Violent Videogames"
would be supposed to fare any better than the existing institutions; it is
also not clear whether Mr. Mastella is suggesting the creation of a new
rating system for the videogaming market in Italy - where the European
rating system PEGI, or Pan European Gaming Information, is already in use -
or rather he is proposing the introduction of new tools to control the
circulation of videogames on the basis of existing rating systems.
La Repubblica also quotes Mr. Mastella as adding that "both criminal [law]
intervention and commercial and administrative actions can serve as methods
of deterrence" and that "seizure is possible only when there is the
possibility of a crime such as incitement to commit a crime". La Repubblica
does not report Mr. Mastella explaining in detail how a videogame could
incite to commit a crime, nor the way in which respect of the right to
freedom of expression, as enshrined in art. 21 of the Italian Constitution
would be achieved.
In the same article Mr. Giovanni Maria Pirroni, director of the IIMS, the
Istituto Italiano di Medicina Sociale (Italian Institute of Social
Medicine), is reported as saying that "inhibiting sales of videogames is not
a guarantee, since any kind of content can be downloaded through the
Internet". It is not clear whether this constitutes recognition of the
difficulties that an Authority as proposed by Mr. Mastella would face, or
rather a call for similar regulations to be applied to online as well as to
offline transactions and sales.
This Italian desire for more regulation in the field seems to be finding
listening ears in the European Commission: Franco Frattini, Commissioner for
Justice, Freedom and Security, has recently demanded that the European Union
improve the protection of children against violent videogames. Mr. Frattini
has been quoted as saying that during the meeting of justice ministers,
scheduled for 5 December 2006, he would engage in "a first exchange of views
on this issue with the objective of identifying a possible scope for
complementary, national and European level activities [...] including issues
such as awareness raising, the labelling of such games and the selling to
La Repubblica: Violent videogames in the government gun sight (only in
Italian, 14.11.2006)
EU Justice Commissioner highlights dangers of video games glorifying
violence (17.11.2006)
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso, Italian consultant on digital policies)
7. Logging of IP addresses banned in Germany
On 25 January 2006, the District Court of Darmstadt (Germany) ruled that the
German ISP T-Online was legally banned from logging the session IP addresses
it assigned to its customers. German law requires this data to be deleted
upon termination of the connection as it is not needed for billing purposes.
According to the judgement, security requirements do not justify the general
logging of all users' IP addresses. The collection of such data is permitted
only in reaction to specific incidents (faults or unlawful use) on a case by
case basis.
On 28 October 2006 The German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof)
dismissed, on formal grounds, the appeal filed by T-Online. The District
Court's ruling has thereby become legally binding between the parties of the
dispute. The legal reasoning of the court applies more generally to all
German ISPs and to all tariff models. A draft complaint for other Germans
willing to sue their ISP was published on the internet. The German Federal
Data Protection Commissioner Peter Schaar announced that he would take steps
to enforce the ruling in relation to all customers.
The plaintiff Holger Voss was prosecuted in 2003 for supposedly having
endorsed the 9/11 bomb attacks in an Internet forum. Only in court room was
it found that his remarks were clearly of a sarcastic nature. In
consequence, Voss was acquitted. In order to trace Voss' forum post, the
prosecutors had asked the forum provider Heise to hand over the poster's IP
address. Voss' ISP T-Online then told the prosecutor whom the IP address had
been assigned to.
The T-Online case raised voices pointing out that German law also bans web
site providers such as Heise, Amazon and Ebay from logging the IP addresses
of their users. At present such logging is widespread, partly because US
designed software (including open source software) does not take data
protection requirements into account. Data protection expert Patrick Breyer
called for a law mandating commercial software for sale in Europe to be
provided with a standard configuration that conforms to European data
protection requirements.
Ruling of the District Court of Darmstadt on IP logging (in German only)
Draft complaint against log retention (in German only)
(Contribution by Patrick Breyer - Working Group on Data Retention - Germany)
8. Swiss Big Brother Awards 2006
On 16 November 2006, Sudhaus cultural centre of Bble hosted the Swiss Big
Brother Awards ceremony of 2006 organised by Archives de l'Etat Fouineur
Swiss and the EDRI-member Swiss Internet User Group SIUG.
The jury deciding on the winners included 11 people from various
institutions and organizations having acted against control and
surveillance. The winners received concrete trophies, a certificate and were
mentioned on the "Hall of Shame" list.
The trophy for the category "State" was awarded to the Federal Council of
Corpore represented by Christoph Blocher, the head of the Federal Department
of Justice and Police for the application of internal security measures
involving phone tapping, secret search of information systems and
installation of secret microphones in apartments without concrete basis just
under the cover of preventive investigations.
The winner of the "Business" category was the insurance company Assurance
CSS for having given their collaborators large access to their clients' data
that included medical information and even HIV test results.
Other candidates were companies such as Microsoft, Cablecom, Swisscom or
Cridit Suisse as well as many sports clubs and associations and transport
companies who survey their employees and clients.
The "Working Place" category was won by the Dietikon branch of the
Media-Markt chain where the employees were continuously under surveillance
not only at their working place, but even in the rest rooms.
The fourth award for the category "Activity" was received by Hans Wegmuller,
director of SRS (Strategic Information Service), a department created 5
years ago which is actually the military Swiss Intelligence Service, a
service that uses ONYX telecom mass surveillance devices.
Besides the negative awards, a positive "Winkelried" award has been lately
given during BBA ceremonies. This year, the Swiss awarded this to the
Referendum Committee LMIS, made out of groups of sports fans and political
groups that will launch a referendum in Spring against the introduction of
an "anti-hooligan" law.
Press Release Big Brother Awards 2006 (Only in French - 16.11.2006)
9. Italian postal codes are again freely accesible
At the end of September 2006, after a reorganisation of the postal
codes system (CAP), the Italian Post (Poste Italiane), now a  private
company, as well as the Italian Ministry of Communications have
changed the way in which one could access the postal code online ,
limiting it to just one entry at a time, without the possibility to access
the entire database. A multiple query could be made only by buying a
proprietary software sold by Poste Italiane.
According to the Italian laws, postal codes, together with telephone
numbers, laws and normative acts are public data, but also in the
public domain, and therefore should be publicly available without
Further more, the postal codes, as public information, are collected
and gathered with public money and therefore Poste Italiane cannot
consider itself as the owner of these data and should not condition
the access to a proprietary software that runs only on a single
operating system. Poste Italiane has put out for sale a CD costing 6.9
Euro that can be run only on Windows system. However, also free
software was available for the same purpose, such as Trovocap, a
program allowing the search of postal codes on Linux, Windows and McOS
as well. Caprone, another free software available in Linux and Windows
versions even allowed the arrangement of the postal codes in various
The Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE) considered that public data
should be universally available without discrimination and drafted
an open letter addressed to the Ministry of Communications asking that
the postal codes list should be available as before. In the meantime,
with the assistance of the Italian FSDE team, it has rebuilt the codes
list from the Poste Italiano site, through a crawler and has made it
publicly available in a SQL format. The list is not entirely complete
yet and those who intend to use it for professional purposes are
advised of this risk.
For whom the zip tolls ? (only in Italian, 20.11.2006)
The Italian ZIP codes freed (Only in Italian - 06.11.2006)
(Thanks to Stefano Maffulli - FSFE Italy)
10. FIPR report on children's databases - likely to harm rather than help
The UK Information Commissioner has just published a report on the UK
Government's plans to link up most of the public-sector databases that
contain information on children. The report was written by experts
from the Foundation for Information Policy Research (FIPR), who
conclude that aggregating this data will be both unsafe and illegal.
The report, 'Children's Databases: Safety and Privacy', analyses
databases being built to collate information on children in education,
youth justice, health, social work and elsewhere. Although linking the
databases is supposed to safeguard children, the report's authors
point out that extending Britain's child protection systems - from
the 50,000 children at substantial risk of serious harm to the 3-4
million children with some health, education or other welfare issue -
means that child protection will receive less attention.
The project will also feed information into police systems that try to
identify children likely to offend by scoring various risk factors
(socioeconomic status, medical diagnoses such as hyperactivity, school
conduct reports, and whether the child's father has been in prison).
This carries a serious risk of stigmatising innocent children, and may
also undermine children's and patents' trust in doctors, teachers and
other professionals.
The report's authors also conclude that the systems will intrude so
much into privacy and family life that they will violate European data
protection law and human rights law.
Report "Children's Databases - Safety and Privacy" (22.11.2006)
IT systems designed to protect kids will put them at risk instead
(Contribution by Ross Anderson, EDRI-member FIPR, UK)
11. Support EDRI-gram
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights
in the EU.
Thanks to your last years donations EDRi is able to issue 24 editions
of EDRi-gram in 2006. To continue with EDRi-gram in 2007 we again ask
for your support.
If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making
a private donation, or interest your organisation in sponsorship. We
will gladly send you a confirmation for any amount above 250 euro.
KBC Bank Auderghem-Centre, Chaussie de Wavre 1662, 1160 Bruxelles,
Name: European Digital Rights Asbl
Bank account nr.: 733-0215021-02
IBAN: BE32 7330 2150 2102
BIC: KREDBEBB
12. Agenda
22-24 November 2006, Barcelona, Spain
UOC UNESCO Chair in eLearning Third International
Seminar: Open Educational Resources: Institutional Challenges
30 November - 1 December 2006, Berlin, Germany
The New Surveillance - A critical analysis of research and methods in
Surveillance Studies. A two day international Conference hosted at the
Centre for Technology and Society of the Technical University Berlin.
2 December 2006, London, United Kingdom
Reclaiming Our Rights
6 December 2006, Oxford, United Kingdom
The Internet: Power and Governance in a Digitised World
11-12 December 2006, Paris, France
LeWeb3: Third Les Blogs Conference
14 December 2006, Madrid, Spain
Conference on the Admissibility of Electronic Evidence in Court in Europe.
The final event of the project Admissibility of the Electronic Evidence in
Court in Europe (A.E.E.C.) funded by the European Commission and led by the
Spanish company Cybex.
20 January 2007, Paris, France
Big Brother Awards France
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-10-11 20:35:39
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 4.19, 11 October 2006 
EDRI-gram
 biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
     Number 4.19, 11 October 2006
1. New EU-US interim deal on Passenger Name Record
2. The European Parliament ready to vote on EPLA
3. The broadcast treaty stalled by WIPO General Assembly
4. Filesharing and digital evidence case in Sweden
5. SWIFT found in breach of Belgian laws
6. European e-voting machines cracked by Dutch group
7. Open Letter against the revision of the Swiss copyright law
8. Digital Restriction Management - drm.info
9. ENDitorial : PNR & Institutional Mechanisms of Privacy Protection
10. Recommended reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. New EU-US interim deal on Passenger Name Record
The previous agreement adopted in 2004 on EU-US personal data sharing was
annulled by the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg in May 2006,
invoking the wrong legal basis. After a series of negotiations between UE
and US a new interim agreement was concluded on 6 October 2006.
The old agreement was kept in force by the Court decision until 30
September. This explains the rush of the EU and US officials in agreeing on
a new decision. From the privacy point of view, the new agreement is worse
than the previous act.
According with the new deal, 34 types of passenger data - including names,
telephone numbers, addresses, credit card information, bank account numbers,
email addresses, type of meals served on board and other details of their
reservation for US - will be send to the US authorities.
The agreement foresees that the US officials will not "pull" the information
from airlines computers, but the data will be "pushed", so the data will be
much more easily accessible. The data should be sent by the airlines to the
US authorities databases within 15 minutes after of a plane takes off from
an EU country to US. It appears that the new "push" system would be tested
before the end of the year.
Following the pressure from the US authorities, the PNR data will be
available also to several US counter-terrorism agencies, if they have
"comparable standards of data protection " with EU as the Commissioner
Frattini underlined. The carriers who do not provide the right information
are liable for fines up to 5 000 EUR/passenger or even the withdrawal of
the landing rights.
The new deal will be formally approved by the Justice Ministers across EU
that should meet later this week. This agreement will be in force until the
end of July 2007, but new negotiations for a permanent deal will
probably begin in November.
A lot of criticism to the PNR interim deal occurred soon from the civil
rights groups, but also from members of the European Parliament. Cem Ozdemir
(DE-Greens) considered : "It is disturbing that the EU capitulated to US
demands to allow more agencies access the data."
Sophie In't Veld (NL, ALDE group), the EP rapporteur on PNR issues, has
planned a public debate on the matter for 11 October during the plenary
session of the Parliament. Ms. Veld has also sent a letter to Commissioner
Frattini asking him to clarify a series of issues of the PNR deal for this
Passenger information row settled (6.10.2006)
EU and US strike deal on air passenger data (6.10.2006)
Passenger data deal for US and EU (6.10.2006)
EU-USA Agreement on PNR : EU put in danger the saftey of European citizens
and residents (only in French, 6.10.2006)
Letter from Sophie In't Veld to Commissioner Frattini asking a series of
questions on the agreement (10.06.2006)
Transfer of passenger name records (PNR) : the new agreement between
the EU and the USA is an unacceptable infringement of the respect for
human rights and data protection (9.10.06)
English version
French Version
EDRI-gram : EU-US agreement on passenger data transfer annulled (7.06.2006)
2. The European Parliament ready to vote on EPLA
The European Patent Litigation Agreement (EPLA) will be the subject of a
motion for a resolution  in the European Parliament, after a compromise was
made and filed by the three big groups of MEPs (EPP-ED, PES and ALDE).
The three groups drafted a motion that " urges the Commission to explore all
possible ways of improving the patent and patent litigation systems in the
EU, including participation in further discussions on the EPLA and acceding
to the Munich Convention as well as revising the Community Patent proposals;
as regards the EPLA, considers that the proposed text needs significant
improvements and a satisfactory proposal for the Rules of Procedure of the
EPLA Court".
Florian Mueller, anti-software patent campaigner referred to the proposal
made by the three groups as a "pretty reasonable compromise", and a
"defensive victory" for the anti-EPLA partisans.
The Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure (FFII) has described
the same resolution proposal as "a compromised compromise" but expects the
EP to adopt an improved version. FFII staff works to gain substantial
The European Patent Office is pushing hard towards the creation of an
"enhanced patent culture" in Europe, as expressed by its President, Alain
Pompidou during the EPO online services conference in Lisbon on 9 October.
The critics of the proposal believe that EPO will be given too much power,
that it would result in an increase of costs for enforcing and challenging a
patent. This would also lead to legitimising software patents and undermine
the judiciary systems.
EP will vote on 12 October 2006 on a motion for a resolution concerning the
EPLA. The Greens, GUE/NGL and a group of EPP/PES/ALDE MEPs lead by Zverina
MEP have each tabled their own amendments which could improve the motion.
Jonas Maebe from FFII commented on this :
" They want to remove a request for the EU to accede to the European
Patent Convention, since that would transfer many EU patent-related
competences to the mostly unaccountable European Patent Organisation.
And rather than merely asking to improve the EPLA, they mention the
actual problems with this draft agreement: the lack of
accountability, cost and judicial independence concerns. Finally,
they also ask for an opinion of the European Court of Justice
regarding treaty-related concerns and once more stress the quality
problems that plague the European Patent Office's output.
We hope that these modest yet important amendments will receive
significant support from MEPs. Not amended, the compromise motion
would only call for removing democratic control and independent
judicial oversight from as many EU patent competences as possible. We
do not believe this is something most Members really want."
FFII France - Patents and Innovation in danger at the European Parliament
(only in French, 11.10.2006)
Patentmeister weighs in on Euro IP system (9.10.06)
A compromise in European patenting debate? (5.10.06)
Commissioner says EU patent doubts 'legitimate'
Commission statement - Future action in the field of patents
European Parliament Plenary Session, Strasbourg, (28.09.2006)
EDRI-gram: Europe faces software patents threat again (27.09.2006)
3. The broadcast treaty stalled by WIPO General Assembly
The General Assembly of the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO)
has decided that the very controversial proposed treaty on the protection of
broadcasting organizations, including cablecasting organizations, must be
approved by two more meetings before being put for discussion in a
diplomatic conference established to take place from 19 November to 7
December 2007.
The General Assembly considered these two meetings as necessary to achieve
enough consensus among member states, as India, US and Brazil had
objected to introducing the treaty immediately to a conference.
Addressing the General Assembly, Robin Gross, executive director of IP
Justice, said: "A diplomatic conference is now contingent upon member states
reaching consensus where there are currently great differences such as the
inclusion of anti-circumvention measures in the treaty and outlawing
Internet retransmissions of programs."
Discussions will continue in the  January 2007 meeting at WIPO and in June
2007 at a meeting held along with a preparatory meeting for the Diplomatic
The proposed treaty creates a new right for broadcasters on the content of
broadcasts, even if the creator of the content is a third party. However
this might lead to the situation when the creators no longer have permanent
control over the content for which they have copyright.
The 2007 conference will define the scope of a future treaty, as well as the
duration of any protection granted.
This decision of the General Assembly is encouraging, showing that WIPO is
not a simple tool in the hands of the industries.
Broadcast treaty needs sounding out, says WIPO (4.10.06)
General Assembly approves convening of diplomatic conference on the
protection of broadcasting organizations (2.10.06)
U.N. convenes broadcasting treaty talks in 2007 (2.10.06)
WIPO broadcast treaty abandons rights-based approach (3.10.06)
WIPO General Assembly Puts Brakes on Broadcast Treaty, Overrules Chairman
EDRI-gram : Opposition to draft WIPO Broadcast Treaty (13.09.06)
4. Filesharing and digital evidence case in Sweden
Andreas Bawer was accused in 2005 of sharing a film, called Hip Hip Hora,
breaching the Swedish Penal Code. He was found guilty in the Swedish Court
of First Instance, (Vdstmanlands Tingrdtt) in December 2005. However, in a
recent decision on 2 October 2006 of the Swedish Appeal Court (Svea Hovrdtt)
he was acquitted, the court identifying several faults in the digital
evidences presented.
Bawer, having allegedly shared film files, could, in accordance with the
Swedish penal code, be sentenced for criminal liability on condition it was
proven beyond reasonable doubt that the IP address used for file
sharing was assigned to the computer Bawer owned or used, and  that
the court could not rule out others had used the said computer at the time
of the alleged file sharing. The legal question in issue was whether there
was sufficient evidence of probability that Bawer had shared a film file Hip
Hip Hora.
In Swedish law, the prosecuting authority has the burden of proof both for
the subjective and objective conditions for criminal liability, and only
evidence proven before the court make up the basis for the court4s
assessment and judgement. In the Bawer-case the prosecuting authority
contended the IP address was connected to Bawer4s computer. The evidence was
a record made by the Swedish Antipiratbyren (Swedish Antipiracybureau) of
Bawer4s file sharing. Antipiratbyren had access to a file sharing service
named Walhall through which it made a search for the film Hip Hip Hora which
allegedly was made available by Bawer. Antipiratbyren requested to
download the film from Bawer using the file-sharing service Walhall, through
which a download was performed. With the control program CommView, the
Antipiratbyren recorded the traffic data between the computer of
Antipiratbyren and Bawer's computer.
Expert witnesses proved several faults with the record of the traffic data
carried out by the Antipiratbyren through its use of the control program
CommView. First, the recorded IP address could have belonged to a router or
a firewall, which in turn, could have assigned the IP address to the culprit
to use for filesharing. Second, the control program CommView monitored
simultaneously file sharing carried out with different IPaddresses, whereas
only one filesharing was recorded without any description of how the
evidence was secured. Third, the record of the file sharing did not show a
transcript of the time zone used for the record. Fourth, the record of the
file sharing did not show a transcript of the date and time for the file
sharing allegedly committed by Bawer. Fifth, the programs used to define the
time of the record on the CD/DVD made by the Antipiratbyren showed
discrepancies. Hence, the Swedish Appeal Court could not prove beyond
reasonable doubt that the film file was shared from Bawer's computer.
Consequently, Bawer was acquitted.
The judgement shows the difficulties in proving with sufficient probability
who acted, from where and at what time. The problems of digital evidence are
complex and of a heterogeneous character. Electronic evidence, such as
traffic, location and time data, can originate, be scattered and end on
different formats and different coordinates in time and space, and may
easily be manipulated and hard to identify, due to services offering
anonymity or pseudonymity.
Court citation- Judgement - Svea Hovrdtt (Swedish Appeal Court)(in Swedish
only, 2.10.2006)
File Sharer acquitted (in Swedish only, 3.10.2006)
Freedom of actions for file sharers ? ( in Norvegian only, 5.10.2006)
(Contribution by Georg Philip Krog, doctoral researcher in Private
International Law, University of Oslo - Norway)
5. SWIFT found in breach of Belgian laws
A report issued by the Belgian Government on the very discussed SWIFT case
of transfer of financial transaction data to the U.S. Government, concluded
that SWIFT breached the Belgian law.
The Belgian Commission responsible with the first report on the case stated:
"The Commission is of the opinion that SWIFT finds itself in a conflict
situation between American and European law and that SWIFT at the least
committed a number of errors of judgement when dealing with the American
The report says: "SWIFT should have complied with its obligations under the
Belgian privacy law, amongst which the notification of the processing, the
information, and the obligation to comply with the rules concerning personal
data transfer to countries outside the EU."
The report also states that SWIFT, in transferring data to the US Treasury
should have observed the fundamental principles of European law such as
"the principle of proportionality, the limited retention period, the
principle of traprotection level."
The commission reckoned SWIFT had tried to provide certain guarantees
through its negotiations with the U.S. Treasury, but considered these
attempts were inappropriate. It also stated that SWIFT should have notified
Privacy Commissioners and not only G-10 banks.
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) has also criticised the
European Central Bank (ECB) as a SWIFT customer, for not stopping the
Belgian banking company from sending European transaction details to US
EDPS stated: "As to the role of the ECB as a SWIFT customer, the EDPS could
not avoid feeling that it had accepted an inappropriate risk by continuing
to transfer financial data through SWIFT after becoming aware of the
arrangement with the US authorities. As to the role of the ECB as financial
overseer, the EDPS would have expected more initiative to bring this
arrangement - of which it was made aware in February 2002 - to the notice of
relevant authorities and responsible governments".
According to a set of recent non-answers provided by SWIFT to the questions
from EDRi-member quintessenz, SWIFT confirmed is still confronted with
ongoing subpoenas by US treasury and they still hand over large datasets .
Belgian Prime Minister condemns SWIFT data transfers to U.S. as 'illegal'
EU privacy chief slams central bank over SWIFT claims (4.10.06)
SWIFT answers to quintessenz Questions (2.10.2006)
EDRi-gram: European bodies discuss the SWIFT case (30.08.2006)
6. European e-voting machines cracked by Dutch group
The voting computers used to cast 90% of the votes in Netherlands were
cracked by a Dutch Group called "Wij vertrouwen stemcomputers niet" (We do
not trust voting computers).
In a live public show on 4 October 2006 on the Dutch television channel
Nederland 1, the group proved how the control program of such a voting
machine - called Nedap/Groenendaal ES3B - could be replaced by exchanging 2
EPROMS on the board. The entire demonstration lasted less than 5 minutes.
The demonstration was followed by a public report released on 6 October that
explains how the program works, how the software was created and how they
can gain complete control over the election results. It is almost impossible
for election monitors or voters to detect any change. Moreover, it also
shows how the group discovered that radio emanations from an unmodified ES3B
can be received at several meters distance and be used to tell who votes
The report comes at a delicate moment, with just one month and a half before
the Parliamentary elections in Netherlands where the e-voting machines
should be extensively used. The same computer voting is also being used in
parts of Germany and France, with minor modifications.
Use of this machine in Ireland is now on hold after significant doubts were
raised. Colm MacCarthaigh from Irish Citizens for Trustworthy E-voting,
after looking at the compromised Nedap machines, said that :  "The attack
presented by the Dutch group would not need significant modification to run
on the Irish systems".
Maurice Wessling, of Wij vertrouwen stemcomputers niet, underlined:
"Compromising the system requires replacing only a single component,
roughly the size of a stamp, and is impossible to detect just by looking at
the machine".
After the Irish reaction, the German NGO Computer Chaos Club has also asked
for a ban on this e-voting machine, considering that it does not meet the
basic standard of the German law.
The Dutch report showed flaws similar to those discovered in Diebold
Election Systems Inc.'s touch-screen voting machine, by Edward Felten,
director of Princeton University's Center for Information Technology Policy.
The flaws were presented in a public report released in September 2006 -
Security Analysis of the Diebold AccuVote-TS Voting Machine.
"We do not trust voting computers" Foundation
Nedap/Groenendaal ES3B - voting computer a security analysis (6.10.2006)
Dutch citizens group cracks Nedap's voting computer (7.10.2006)
E-voting machines successfully hacked (5.10.2006)
Dutch citizens group cracks Nedap's voting computer (6.10.2006)
Computer Chaos Club demands prohibition of voting computers in Germany
Security Analysis of the Diebold AccuVote-TS Voting Machine(13.09.2006)
7. Open Letter against the revision of the Swiss copyright law
At the end of September 2006, a new initiative, called kunstfreiheit.ch
(freedom of art) was launched in Switzerland. It is basically an open letter
to the Swiss Minister of Justice and the Swiss parliamentarians calling
attention to the fact that the reform/expansion of copyright, which is
currently being debated, is not in the interest of artists. After 40
prominent Swiss artists, curators and professors have signed it in advance,
now the open letter is available to the public for further support from
Internet users.
Switzerland is one of the last European countries to revise its copyright
law following the 1996 WIPO treaties.
The main aim of the open letter is to make public the differing interests
between artists and industry, helping to undermine the myth, which is still
politically powerful, that the industry represents the interests of artists.
The letter is drafted around three main principles that should be reflected
in the new copyright law:
a. Protection of artistic works should be in the heart of the copyright
rather than having a higher control them
b. Legal certainty in the usage of the present copyrighted works
c. New artistic creativity should not be undermined by the DRMs
The response from the visitors have been positive in the first week, with
400 artists and art professionals having signed the open letter.
Kunstfreiheit (Freedom of Art) (in German only)
Open letter on copyright - Kunstfreiheit (29.09.2006)
In German
In French
In Italian
Initiative Freedom of Art crticises the Swiss copyright plans (2.10.2006)
Succesful initiative again copyright revision (3.10.2006)
(Contribution by Felix Stalder - Department of New Media, HGK Zurich -
8. Digital Restriction Management - drm.info
On 3 October 2006, the first Anti-DRM, a new collaborative information
platform about the potential dangers of Digital Restriction Management (DRM)
was launched. The DRM.info was initiated by the Free Software Foundation
Europe (FSFE) and is supported by a group of organisations and authors.
The main message of the new website is 'Your devices don't trust you!' as
Joachim Jakobs, FSFE's media coordinator explains: "In fact they trust you
so little that they will not even tell you that they put you under
surveillance." DRM.info wants to inform and involve people in decisions that
will affect them on a very personal level. All the contributors to the new
platform have a shared concern about the lack of a social debate on issues
surrounding DRM technologies.
Georg Greve, FSFE's president underlined one of the dangers of DRM:
"DRM technologies are based on the principle that a third party has
more influence over your devices than you, and that their interests
will override yours when they come in conflict. That is even true
where your interest is perfectly legitimate and legal, and possibly
also for your own data."
DRM.info - Digital Restriction Management
FSF Europe launches anti-DRM site (5.10.2006)
Digital Rights Management (only in German, 3.10.2006)
The European anti-DRM campaign has started (only in Italian, 4.10.2006)
9. ENDitorial : PNR & Institutional Mechanisms of Privacy Protection
A small detail on the EU-US agreement over the transfer of air passenger
name records (PNR), and a non-related statement by US president George W.
Bush, taken together give a nice highlight on the institutional mechanisms
of privacy protection.
EU Commissioner Frattini told the press on 6 October 2006 that under the new
PNR agreement, the passenger data will be accessible to other US agencies
involved in counter-terrorism and law enforcement "on the condition that
these have a comparable level of data protection". This formulation of
course is absurd if you allow the basically unlimited transfer of data, as
the core idea of data protection consists in the protection against further
transfer. It is also interesting, because under the 1995 EU data protection
directive, data transfers to third countries are only allowed if there is an
"adequate" level of protection. But let us accept it for the moment. What
could be a comparable level of protection?
Institutionally, the EU has adopted the German idea of a special privacy and
data protection commissioner within government agencies or companies. This
officer has to be independent from executive orders, because his or her job
is exactly to provide control over the way the agency or company handles
personal data of citizens, customers, or employees. The public data
protection commissioners in Europe are also independent because they are
elected by the national parliaments. The model has become quite popular in
the last ten years. Many US-based corporations now also have their chief
privacy officers (CPOs) basically fulfilling the same task.
The Department of Homeland Security was the first government agency in the
US that ever got a chief privacy officer. The position was institutionalized
with the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (section 222) which established the
department. By doing this, the Bush government tried to attenuate the harsh
criticism from privacy advocates against the surveillance and data-mining
programs concentrated in the DHS. But the DHS chief privacy officer is not
independent. He (currently Hugo Teufel, III) is nominated by the Secretary
for Homeland Security and is reporting to the executive branch it is
supposed to control, not to Congress. At the annual international
conferences of privacy and data protection commissioners, the DHS privacy
officer therefore was never really recognized as "one of them", and was not
allowed to participate as a peer in the internal meetings of national
Congress has repeatedly tried to increase the independence of the DHS CPO.
This was done again in the 2007 spending bill for the Homeland Security
Department. Section 522 states that:
"None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by any person
other than the Privacy Officer appointed under section 222 of the Homeland
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 142) to alter, direct that changes be made
to, delay, or prohibit the transmission to Congress of any report prepared
under paragraph (6) of such section."
This is a complicated way (because it's a spending bill) of saying that only
the privacy officer can edit the reports about how the department obeys
privacy rules. Now, President Bush, when he signed the bill,
attached a signing statement to it, which gives himself the authority to
make changes to the agency's privacy office annual and other reports. Bush
directs that:  "the executive branch shall construe section 522 of the Act,
relating to privacy officer reports, in a manner consistent with the
President's constitutional authority to supervise the unitary executive
Do not assume that the DHS privacy officer has been a sharp watchdog yet.
For example, the report on privacy protection of passenger name record
information, published by his office in September 2005, basically says
"everything is great and data is protected perfectly". So Bush is just
insisting on his last word as the commander-in-chief.
It becomes clearer if you look at the big picture: The EU allows the DHS to
transfer passenger data to other agencies if they have a comparable level of
data protection. The other departments and agencies do not have privacy
officers who could ensure that this level of protection is really enforced.
The DHS privacy officer does not have a level of independence comparable to
his European colleagues. But even if he wants to report breaches of the weak
privacy protection levels in US government agencies, President Bush and the
White House can do the final editing of the reports and tell the privacy
officer to shut up. So, the EU is giving its citizens' data away, and what
it gets in return is no more than a "trust us" from the US Government. It
reminds me of a recent statement by the German Ministry of Finances in the
SWIFT affair. When asked by a conservative (!) member of the Parliament
about the possibility of the US using the finacial data for economic
espionage, the spokesman replied: Yes, they had discussed this with their
American counterpart, but the US Government would not see this danger.
The idea of having an independent privacy commissioner was one way of
substituting this "trust me" model with institutionalized checks and
balances. This is what democracy is all about, compared to authoritarian
systems: Not having to trust the government, but instead controlling it.
(Contribution by Ralf Bendrath, EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien e.V.,
10. Recommended Reading
EU data protection in police and judicial cooperation matters: Rights of
suspects and defendants under attack by law enforcement demands
Statewatch's Observatory on data protection in the EU
11. Agenda
16 October 2006, Brussels, Belgium
The European Commission will organise in Brussels on Monday 16 October a
final conference on Radio Frequency Identification (RFID).
16-18 October 2006, Paris, France
UNESCO Consultation meetings on WSIS Action Lines - Access to information
and knowledge (C3), E-learning (C7), Ethical dimensions of the
Information Society (C10)
19-20 October 2006 Kirchberg, Luxembourg
Hack.lu 2006
Hack.lu is an open convention /conference where people can discuss about
computer security, privacy, information technology and its
cultural/technical implication on society.
19-20 October 2006, Tallinn, Estonia
The Digital Future of Cultural and Scientific Heritage
20 October 2006, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
20 October 2006 , Bielefeld, Germany
Demonstration "Freedom instead of Fear" (Freiheit statt Angst), against
Security and Surveillance Delusion
23-24 October 2006, Brussels, Belgium
Conference on International Transfers of Personal Data, organized by the
European Commission jointly with the Article 29 Data Protection Working
Party and the United States Department of Commerce's International Trade
25 October 2006, Vienna, Austria
Big Brother Awards Austria
27-28 October 2006, Sofia, Bulgaria
Cyber Terrorism as a new security threat
29 October 2006, Athens, Greece
First annual conference -Global Internet Governance Academic Network
30 October - 2 November 2006, Athens, Greece
Internet Governance Forum
30 October 2006, Prague, Czech Republic
Czech Big Brother Awards
31 October 2006 - deadline for nominations
Stupid Security Awards - Privacy International. The awards aim to highlight
the absurdities of the security industry. The competition is open to anyone
from any country.
1 November 2006, London, United Kingdom
The database state?
This workshop will feature expert speakers on two major UK databases: the
Children's Information Sharing Index  and the NHS Care Records Service.
2-3 November 2006, London, United Kingdom
28th International Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners'
15-16 November 2006, Skopje, Macedonia
International Conference "e-Society.Mk"
30 November - 1 December 2006, Berlin, Germany
The New Surveillance - A critical analysis of research and methods in
Surveillance Studies. A two day international Conference hosted at the
Centre for Technology and Society of the Technical University Berlin.
14 December 2006, Madrid, Spain
Conference on the Admissibility of Electronic Evidence in Court in Europe.
The final event of the  project Admissibility of the Electronic Evidence in
Court in Europe (A.E.E.C.) funded by the European Commission and led by the
Spanish company Cybex.
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 21 members from 14 European countries and 5 observers
from 5 more countries (Italy, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Slovenia).
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-04-12 20:31:39
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.7, 12 April 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.7, 12 April 2007
1. Free-DRM music by iTunes, but EC starts official investigation
2. Monitoring employee's Internet breaches human rights, says ECHR
3. Bulgarian Police ordered ISPs to block US-based torrent tracker
4. CoE to address the impact of technical measures on human rights
5. EC suggests new compromise on an EU patent system
6. France establishes the DRM-regulation authority
7. Free software needs to be considered in Italian public acquisitions
8. Private copy explained by Court of Appeal in Paris
9. Nominations for Big Brother Award Italy 2007 are now open
10. ENDitorial - About EFF Europe
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Free-DRM music by iTunes, but EC starts official investigation
EMI and Apple announced in the beginning of April 2007 that EMI Music's
entire digital catalogue of music will be available for purchase without DRM
from the iTunes worldwide in May. This is also the result of several
complaints from consumer advocates and European Commission (EC) officials on
iTunes practices.However, this decision hasn't stop the EC to send Apple and
other four record labels a Statement of Objections, considering that their
business practices might be restrictive in terms of the EU treaty.
The agreement between EMI and iTunes was presented on 2 April 2007 by EMI's
CEO Eric Nicoli and Apple's CEO Steve Jobs. Apple announced that the higher
quality versions of songs without DRM will be sold for 1.29 USD rather than
0.99 USD. iTunes will also offer the possibility to upgrade the previously
purchased EMI content to the DRM-free format for 0.30 USD/song. At the
same time the EMI music videos will also be available in DRM-free format
with no change in price.
The news was welcomed by several consumer organizations that have criticized
the iTunes system for a long time, such as the Federation of German
Consumer Organizations (vzbv). "An important step has been made towards
meeting our demands. Now other music companies need to follow suit," the
deputy head of the vzbv Patrick von Braunm|hl.
EDRI-member Ian Brown points out that the pressure by the EC, Norwegian,
French and German consumer ombudsmen and digital rights activists "has made
it extremely difficult for Apple to justify its continued lock-in of iTunes
Just one week before the announcement, the consumer protection organizations
from Germany, France, Norway and Finland had a common meeting with a
delegation of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry
(IFPI) on interoperability and DRM issues. The discussions that were held in
Oslo, took place at the request of the IFPI. The consumer NGOs sent
an ultimatum to iTunes on selling DRM-free music. This seems to have an
Despite the announcement from EMI and Apple, the European Commission sent to
Apple and other four record companies statement of objections, which is the
first formal step in an European antitrust investigation. The companies have
two months to defend themselves in writing. The EC actions were based not on
the DRM debate, but on the different prices the company has pushed in
Europe. This follows a complaint by Which? about the fact that UK users of
iTunes paid for songs about 1.16 Euro, compared with 0.99 Euro/song, which
is the price in other EU member states.
The Commission explained that the main problem is that "consumers can only
buy music from the iTunes' on-line store in their country of residence.
Consumers are thus restricted in their choice of where to buy music, and
consequently what music is available, and at what price. The Commission
alleges in the Statement of Objections that these agreements violate the EC
Treaty's rules prohibiting restrictive business practices (Article 81)."
Apple strikes deal with EMI but European regulators are not pacified
Apple Unveils Higher Quality DRM-Free Music on the iTunes Store (2.04.2007)
EC goes Apple hunting - reports (3.04.2007)
Consumer advocates welcome DRM-free music (3.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: iTunes under continuous attack in Europe (31.01.2007)
EDRI-gram : Is DRM fading out ? (17.01.2007)
2. Monitoring employee's Internet breaches human rights, says ECHR
The Welsh Government, through Carmarthenshire College, was found in breach
of human rights by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) for having
monitored one of the college employee's e-mails, internet traffic and
telephone calls.
As the College is publicly funded, Lynette Copland sued the government for
infringing Art.8 of the European Convention on Human Rights that says
"everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home
and his correspondence".
The government argued that the monitoring was carried out in order to
establish whether Copland had extensively used college resources for
personal communication, but the court ruled that: "The court is not
convinced by the government's submission that the college was authorised
under its statutory powers to do 'anything necessary or expedient' for the
purposes of providing higher and further education, and finds the argument
Copland claimed that her correspondence had been monitored for about 18
months by the headmaster of the college who even contacted some of the
people with whom she had communicated to ask for the nature of their
communications. The government admitted the monitoring but stated it had
lasted only a few months.
The Court ruling was that "According to the court's case-law, telephone
calls from business premises are prima facie covered by the notions of
'private life' and 'correspondence' " and that "It follows logically that
emails sent from work should be similarly protected under article eight, as
should information derived from the monitoring of personal internet usage."
"The applicant in the present case had been given no warning that her calls
would be liable to monitoring, therefore she had a reasonable expectation as
to the privacy of calls made from her work telephone. The same expectation
should apply in relation to the applicant's e-mail and internet usage."
The college had no policy to inform employees they might be monitored and
Copland had received no warning on this.
"The ruling is important in that it reinforces the need for a statutory
basis for any interference with respect to private use of a
telecommunications system by an employee... The lawful business practice
regulations [part of RIPA] allow an employer to monitor and intercept
business communications, so the Court is implying that private use of a
telecommunications system, assuming it is authorised via an acceptable use
policy, can be protected." said Dr Chris Pounder, a privacy specialist at
Pinsent Masons.
The Court awarded Copland 3,000 Euros in damages and 6,000 Euros in costs
and expenses.
European Court of Human Rights - Copland vs. The United Kingdom (3.04.2007)
EU court rules monitoring of employee breached human rights (5.04.2007)
Court of Human Rights protects the private use of the Internet (4.04.2007)
Monitoring of employee breached human rights, says European court
3. Bulgarian Police ordered ISPs to block US-based torrent tracker
On 16 March 2007 the Bulgarian special forces for combating organized crime
ordered the major ISPs to filter the access to and from the web site
arenabg.com, a torrent tracker hosted in the US, claiming that it was the
source of copyright infringement activities. Only three big ISPs accepted to
do so while the others considered the action as illegal.
The ordinance was withdrawn by the Police after a few days, following a lot
of criticism from lawyers that questioned the legality of such an action.
EDRI-member ISOC Bulgaria was the only organization of Internet users to
publicly criticize these actions.
The police also arrested the owner of the web site who was however released
by the court as the police had not given any evidence that "the defendant
has caused any copyright infringement".
One of the biggest points of the discussion was whether the file sharing and
web traffic filtering technologies are legally acceptable.
In her article "Technology vs Law", Nelly Ognyanova, lecturer in Media Law
at the Sofia University St. Kliment Ohridski, considers that "there is no
liability for the creation and dissemination of technologies, which have a
lawful use. There is a liability for breaking the law."
The Bulgarian authorities have placed the equality sign between torrents and
piracy, while actually torrents are useful ensuring a fast and efficient
communication. The fact that copyrighted files could be transmitted through
them does not make them illegal as instruments. The file sharing act is the
illegal one not the technology used for that.
Ognyanova also thinks the protection of privacy is not less important than
the protection of intellectual property and that there must be a
proportionality between the limitations of one's rights and the gravity of
one supposed acts.
She also pointed out that " The Internet providers are the least ones to
have a responsibility (for Internet content) if they have any at all.
Nevertheless, the Bulgarian providers have been ordered to filter the access
to the website arenabg.com, hosted in the United States."
The Bulgarian Interior Minister wanted to link the Police acts with the
fight against piracy and protection of the copyrighted works. He also
claimed that : "Limiting access to websites is unpopular measure in Bulgaria
but widely used in Europe."
The Commission on Legal Matters of the European Parliament adopted on 20
March 2007 a draft of the IPRED directive, but the "commercial scale
infringement", that previously included the IPRs (Intellectual Property
Rights) infringements by private users for personal use was excluded.
Nelly Ognyanova - Technology vs. Law (30.03.2007)
Nelly Ognyanova - A Global Initiative, Suspicious Methods (30.03.2007)
Internet Providers in Bulgaria pushed to limit unlicensed content
distribution (16.03.2007)
IPRED2 adopted by the EP Legal Affairs committee (28.03.2007)
4.CoE to address the impact of technical measures on human rights
With its seventh meeting held on 26-27 March 2007 in Strasbourg, the Council
of Europe Group of Specialists on Human Rights in the Information
Society (CoE MC-S-IS) is pursuing its mandate for another two-years
period, as affirmed in its revised terms of reference. There are
little changes in the group composition among voting members (member
states of the CoE). EDRI remains a non governmental observer to the
MC-S-IS group. For 2007, the group elected as chairman Thomas
Schneider (Swiss federal office of communications), who, inter alia,
has been active in the Swiss delegation to WSIS and then to IGF, and
as vice-chairman Michael Truppe, from the Austrian Federal Chancellery.
According to its revised terms of reference, directly derived from
the Kyiv Action Plan adopted at the 7th European Ministerial
Conference on Mass Media Policy (Kyiv, 10-11 March 2005), an
important part of the MC-S-IS group mandate in 2007-2008 deals with
technical measures and their impact on human rights. On content
regulation, the group is asked to analyse "the use and impact of
technical filtering measures for various types of content in the
online environment, with particular regard to Article 10 of the
European Convention on Human Rights and, if appropriate, make
concrete proposals". On intellectual property, the mandate is to
"prepare a report on emerging issues and trends in respect of, on the
one hand, the protection of intellectual property rights and the use
of technical protection measures in the context of the development of
new communication and information services (and the Internet) and, on
the other hand, the fundamental right to freedom of expression and
free flow of information, access to knowledge and education, the
promoting of research and scientific development and the protection
and promotion of the diversity of cultural expressions and artistic
creation and, if appropriate, make concrete proposals for further
action in this area".
The formulation of these terms of reference is encouraging in itself,
especially on IP issues in that it states the context and limits
within which IPR should be (re?)considered and implemented. This view
is in line with the general CoE background of respect for and
upholding of human rights. In the same way, first exchanges during
the March 2007 meeting of the MC-S-IS group on the technical
filtering of content seem promising, as a large majority of
participating member states expressed strong doubts on both the
usefulness of technical filtering measures and their compatibility
with Article 10 of the ECHR. Here again, this is in line with the
general profile of the state representatives, most of them coming
from a media/justice/human rights rather than technical/business/
industry background. Thus, in principle, CoE and its MC-S-IS group is
likely to be a more "human rights friendly" forum than many other
regional or international arenas as regards information society
However, when it comes to practical recommendations or guidelines,
the CoE and its MC-S-IS group face the risk to fall into the
"multistakeholder governance syndrome" on these matters. Be it the
influence of WSIS and its follow-up processes, most notably the
Internet Governance Forum (IGF), or be it part of the general
neoliberal globalization trend affecting almost any international
organisation or forum, and characterized, inter alia, by a shift from
binding and accountable public policy making and ex-post legislation
to a rather opaque, private interests driven, soft law and ex-ante
regulation implemented through technical mechanisms, it remains that
the respect for human rights and the promotion of the public interest
may become rather thetorical in practice.
Here lies the crucial role of observers like EDRI on digital rights
issues, or others on more "classical" mainstream medias, to only
mention those who actively participate in MC-S-IS meetings. Here also
lies the importance of participating in such working groups as MC-S-
IS, at the very early stages of policy making, to have any chance of
successful - though limited - action. Through its experience as an
observer to both CoE CAHSI and MC-S-IS groups of specialists since
2005, EDRI, while far from entirely satisfied by the group outcomes,
may attest that documents (Recommendations, Declarations or
Guidelines) on Human Rights in the Information Society, eventually
submitted for adoption to the CoE Committee of Ministers, have
successfully been deeply modified from initial draft versions which,
in many other fora, would have left little expectations to digital
rights defenders.
CoE MC-S-IS public website
EDRI-gram: Council Of Europe Draft Statement On Human Rights And
Internet (20.04.2005)
EDRI-gram: EDRI Granted Observer Status In CoE HR Group (29.06.2005)
EDRI-gram: CoE Works On New Instrument On Children Empowerment On
The Net (15.03.2006)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
5. EC suggests new compromise on an EU patent system
A new communication was published on 3 April 2007 by the European Commission
(EC) on enhancing the patent system in Europe, suggesting new ways of
creating a Community patent.
The communication supports a compromise between the European Patent
Litigation Agreement supported by the European Patent Office and the
Commission's Community Patent, with its own courts system. The new
integrated EU-wide jurisdictional system for patents combing the two
elements is aimed to revitalise the debate on a patent system in Europe, in
a way which encourages Member States to work towards consensus and real
progress on this issue.
"Recent discussions with Member States show polarised positions on patent
jurisdiction arrangements with, on the one hand, Member States supporting
the draft EPLA in the context of the European Patent Convention, and, on the
other hand, Member States favouring the establishment of a specific
Community jurisdiction for patent litigation on European and Community
patents based on the EC Treaty.
Under these circumstances, the Commission believes that consensus could be
built on the basis of an integrated approach which combines elements of both
EPLA and a Community jurisdiction."
There are still two big problems faced by any attempt to harmonise patent
law: the costs of translation and the difficulties in setting up a legal
framework to deal with litigation.
As regards the latter, FFII President Pieter Hintjen says that this proposal
is based on flawed assumptions and will make it easier for large US
companies to sue small European IT firms.
He explains, "The EU is following the US down the risky path of a central
patent jurisdiction, when this experiment has failed miserably in the US."
New studies to be presented at a conference organised by the FFII in
Brussels in May, show that in all industries except pharmaceutics, the US
patent system has slowed-down, not promoted, innovation.
Based on the stakeholder consultations from last year, the new communication
will be promoted by the current German EU presidency and the Portuguese
presidency beginning in July that seem very eager to move the issue forward.
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament and the
Council - Enhancing the patent system in Europe (29.03.2007)
Patents: Commission sets out vision for improving patent system in Europe
Commission bids to salvage EU patent law (4.04.2007)
Single EU patent law good for US giants, bad for small EU firms (4.04.2007)
European Commission compromise on pan-European patent
EDRI-gram: ENDitorial - Regulating the Patent Industry (25.10.2006)
6. France establishes the DRM-regulation authority
The independent authority foreseen by the new French law on copyright
(DADVSI) was created in the last days of the Villepin government. This
Authority for Regulations of the DRMs (Autoriti de rigulation des mesures
techniques - ARMT) should ensure the interoperability of the DRM systems and
allow the private copies.
Even though the law has been in force since August 2006, the official
normative act creating the authority was published in the Official Journal
only on 4 April 2007 and, a few days later, the Ministry of Culture has
officially created the new authority. ARMT will be responsible, according to
the DADVSI law, with seeing that the DRM systems do not create additional
limitations in the use of artistic works to those explicitly expressed by
the copyright holders.
ARMT is formed by six members nominated for a 6-year mandate. The first
members of the authority are already under scrutiny. Julien Dourgnon from
the consumer association UFC-Que Choisir shows that there are significant
conflict of interests for some members of the Commission, especially by the
nomination of President of the Commission for the private copy levies,
Tristan d'Albis.
The French Minister of Culture seemed very pleased with the creation of the
new authority, even though the debate on interoperability has developed a
lot since last year debates. The new decision from EMI and Apple to release
DRM-free music for its iTunes service could mean that the new commission
will not have too much work on its hands.
AMRT should have an essential role in balancing the copyright with consumer
rights. It should establish the minimum number of private copies of a work
for consumers. The authority can receive complaints from consumers and
other target groups of the private copy exception (such as disabled persons
or librarians).
One of the main actors in the French interoperability debate, UFC-Que
Choisir, has contested the way the new commission will work under the
adopted copyright law, since the consumers associations do not have the
right to complain to the new authority on interoperability issues.
Decree no.2007-510 from 4 April 2007 concerning the creation of ARMT (only
in French, 6.04.2007)
An arbiter for solving the private copy disputes (only in French,
The Government didn't really understood anything about Internet (only in
French, 6.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: New French copyright law gives Apple satisfaction (5.07.2007)
7. Free software needs to be considered in Italian public acquisitions
Following the case filed by Associazione per il Software Libero (Assoli -
Association for Free Software) to the Regional Administrative Tribunal of
Lazio-Rome, the Italian Ministry of Work and Social Politics has withdrawn
the call for tenders for Microsoft Licences.
The Department of Technological Innovation of the Ministry of Work published
on 21 February 2006 in the Official Journal of the Italian Republic a call
for tenders for the supply of Microsoft licenses in the value of approx.
4 540 000 Euros.
Only 11 Italian companies, considered as large Account Resellers by
Microsoft were qualified to participate in the tender although the Italian
law requires the public administration institutions to compare all
acquisition options, including free software.
Assoli considers it has won already even before a decision of the court was
made as the Ministry of Works has annulled the call. This decision is
encouraging Assoli to further act with the goal of promoting free software
use in public administration.
"In the wake of this achievement, the Associazione is starting two new
campaigns with the goal of continuing fight for freedom in information
technology: 100 new associates within the 2007 and Assolimprese" said Paolo
Didone, president of Assoli.
Historic victory of the "Associazione per il Software Libero"! (2.04.2007)
The Ministry retires a call for tenders for proprietary software (only in
Italian, 05.04.2007)
8. Private copy explained by Court of Appeal in Paris
A new decision of the Paris Court of Appeal in the case Mulholland Drive
considers that there is no right to the private copy that can forbid the
presence of the DRMs, but the private copy can be a good argument for
defence in cases of counterfeiting.
The case was brought up in 2003 by a consumer joined by the Association
UFC-Que Choisir that made a complaint against the producers of the movie
Mulholland Drive because the legally acquired DVD was protected by DRMs that
did not permit the consumer to make a copy in order to see it on a VHS
cassette at his parents' home. The DVD had no clear indication that it could
be used only with some specific devices.
After a four year legal battle, with ups and downs, the case was returned to
the Court of Appeal in Paris that decided on 4 April 2007 that the private
copy of a certain work is not a right but "a legal exception to the
principle of copying the entire work without the consent of the copyright
holder". Therefore a private copy is not a right, but and exception and no
one can start a legal action based on an exception.
However, the Court of Appeal indicated that this exception can be used as a
reasonable defence in the case of alleged counterfeit, if the other legal
conditions are fulfilled.
The court considered that the lack of the information regarding the
impossibility to make a private copy is not an essential feature of such a
product, but reminded that the new law in force - DADVSI - would make
this information obligatory for any product with DRMs.
The decision can be attacked, again, at the Cour de Cassation
There is no right to the private copy (only in French, 6.04.2007)
The court confirms the validity of the DVD's anti copying mechanisms (only
in French, 5.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: French court forbids DVD copy protection (4.05.2005)
9. Nominations for Big Brother Award Italy 2007 are now open
The official start of the call for nominations for the Italian Big Brother
Award (BBA) 2007 began on 2 April 2007 and will last until 30 April.
In a scenario where privacy is all the time attacked by new
technologies and doubtful initiatives to protect our "security", the
BBA is meant to highlight the worst offenders of privacy, who often
can take advantage of the very minor attention by official media.
In the best tradition of the Internet, the BBA is also meant as a way
to have fun. Privacy is a serious thing, but having a laugh helps
protecting it better.
For this reason, during the award ceremony - which will take place in
Florence (Italy) at the end of May during the E-Privacy 2007 conference,
where there will be some surprises.
The BBA procedures are simple: everybody - before 30 April - can send one or
more nominations for one or more of the categories of the award. A suitable
form is available online. People can also vote via e-mail and voting via
anonymous re-mailers is of course possible.
most voted nominations for each category will be made public on 7 May, while
the winners will be announced during the award ceremony.
In order to avoid undue pressures, nominations can be made in partial or
total anonymity, and the names of the jurors will be made public only after
the end of voting. The BBA 2007 is made possible thanks to the work of the
Winston Smith Project, in collaboration with Privacy International and other
Last, not least, the BBA is also meant to highlight those who strive to
defend privacy: it is possible to give a "positive" vote to any person or
organization that has worked in this direction.
Any information on BBA Italy 2007 should be directed at
info at winstonsmith.info
BBA 2007 Italy (only in Italian)
E-Privacy 2007 conference (only in Italian)
Form for nominations (only in Italian)
EDRI-gram: Big Brother Awards Italy 2006 (24.05.2006)
(Contribution by Andrea Glorioso - consultant on digital policies)
10. ENDitorial - About EFF Europe
As some of our readers already know, the biggest digital civil rights NGO
from the United States has opened this year a new office in Brussels to work
with EU policy issues. EFF's new European Affairs Coordinator, Erik
Josefsson, was previously the president of the Swedish chapter of Foundation
for a Free Information Infrastructure (FFII.se) and has worked in
cooperation with EDRI on various digital rights issues.
EDRI welcomes EFF Europe in the European digital rights arena and looks
forward for a fruitful collaboration on the important subjects for European
policy that are debated. We thought it could be useful for our readers to
find more info from the main source about what EFF Europe looks into in the
near future. Erik has been kind enough to share with you his thoughts on
this :
I am still very proud of the rejection of the software patents
directive. It set a European precedent both in terms of on-line activism
and concrete political outcome. I think I'm one among thousands of
people who feel a sense of responsibility for that achievement. And I am
quite sure everybody involved felt that they were at the centre of the
action, no matter if it was a demonstration in Brussels in 2003 or the
naval battle in Strasbourg in 2005. That is what dedicated networked
communities do to those who participate: it puts everyone at the centre
of change.
I am convinced that a network of European NGOs that work together can
shape the future of the digital world and concretely influence the
outcome of the political process. I will just mention three important
issues that EFF Europe is working on right now.
Most urgent is IPRED2. The directive has been closely monitored by FFII
for more than half a year. EFF joined after Christmas with analysis and
distribution of voting lists, and is launching a campaign today to raise
awareness before the vote in Plenary on 24 April: The core of the directive is a "one size fits all"-philosophy making all
intellectual property infringements on a commercial scale a criminal
offence. Regardless if the intellectual property is a vague "sui generis
database right" or an unexamined "design right" - this regime risks
making normal business and consumer behaviour a crime.
Another directive that needs attention is the Audiovisual Media Services
Directive. Formerly known as "Television Without Frontiers", much of
the debate was only about television and not so much about the extension
of television regulations to the Internet. There is a high risk that
interactive and user generated Internet-based services like YouTube will
be covered by the directive and face serious liability for programming
that might "offend against human dignity". Outside the EU,
non-democracies employ these kinds of vague edicts to shut down
dissidents' use of the Internet. Such tactics should not be legitimized
in Europe.
Finally, EFF has been working behind the scenes for several years in the
Digital Video Broadcasting Project (DVB). DVB is a standard-setting body
for broadcasting signals, and it has been developing a very advanced DRM
scheme that would restrict consumer behaviour like never before.
Consumer electronics devices like televisions and set top boxes that
obey the DRM schemes would basically hand over control of the device to
content companies and broadcasters. Unless checked, the DRM scheme is
anticipated to receive legal protection through tech mandate laws on a
national level.
This ENDitorial is written on the fly, in between meetings and mail
backlogs, so I'd just like to add some words about the EFF Brussels
office. It's not only a workspace, but also a place with the purpose to
host activists who need a place to stay a night or two. It is not first
class, but the sofa is famous, and you should feel free to contact me if
you are planning to go to Brussels to meet your MEPs.
Finally, I'd just like to encourage as many as possible to support the
German initiative Vorratsdatenspeicherung.de and join the demonstration
in Frankfurt am Main on 14 April.
EFF Europe campaign - IPRED2: Will it Make You a Copy Criminal?
AVMS Directive - EU Commission webpage
Who Controls Your Television? How the Digital Video Broadcasting Project's
DRM Standards Jeopardize Innovation, Competition, and Consumer Rights
EFF Europe
(Contribution by Erik Josefsson - European Affairs Coordinator - Electronic
Frontier Foundation)
11. Recommended Reading
Opinion of the EDPS: Making the Treaty of Pr|m applicable to the whole EU
requires a proper general data protection framework (4.04.2007)
Press realease (11.04.2007)
12. Agenda
11-13 April 2007, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2007 - Leben im Netz
14 April 2007, Frankfurt/Main, Germany
Demonstration "Freiheit statt Angst" (Freedom instead of Fear) against
growing surveillance, organized by the Working Group against Data
Retention and supported by EDRi-Members CCC, FIFF, FITUG, FOEBUD, NNM, and
others. Start: Main Station, End: Paulskirche
19 April 2008, Brussels, Belgium
Should there be an EU Freedom of Information Act?
23-24 April 2007, Strasbourg, France
Council of Europe Symposium on e-democracy
27-29 April 2007, Yale Law School, USA
Access To Knowledge Conference (A2K2), Information Society Project
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007)
15-16 May 2007, Brussels, Belgium
The European Patent Conference - EUROPACO-2
18 May 2007, Oxford, UK
Global Internet Filtering Conference 2007
The OpenNet Initiative is holding its first public conference to discuss the
current state of play of Internet filtering worldwide.
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
11-15 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Fourth Session
14 June 2007, Paris, France
ENISA/EEMA European eIdentity conference - Next Generation Electronic
Identity - eID beyond PKI
15-17 June 2007, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Creative Commons iSummit 2007
17-22 June 2007 Seville, Spain
19th Annual FIRST Conference, "Private Lives and Corporate Risk"
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-04-25 21:36:59
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.8, 25 April 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.8, 25 April 2007
1. IPRED2 voted in first reading by the European Parliament
2. French Government Decree on data retention - another Big Brother act
3. Data retention and increased surveillance in Germany
4. Copyright clearing for EU digital libraries project
5. E-voting in France - after the first round of presidential elections
6. New anti-racism documents on the European agenda
7. Free file sharing in the copyright law supported by a Norwegian Party
8. Privacy bodies investigate Google's data protection standards
9. Complaints on lack of access to European Commission documents
10. ENDitorial: The Transparent Drug Addict - Choosing Therapy Over Privacy?
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. IPRED2 voted in first reading by the European Parliament
The Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive (IPRED2), with the
changes made by a report produced by Nicola Zingaretti (PES), was voted by
the European Parliament in its first reading today with a vote a 374 in
favour, 278 against and 17 abstentions.
Unfortunately, the suggestions from an alliance of libraries, consumers and
innovators, including the 8 000 signatories of the petition at copycrime.eu
were not considered by the Parliament, although the vote was much tighter
than anticipated.
The scope of the directive still includes trade names, database and design
rights, along with the copyright and trademarks. Liabilities for software
and service providers are possible by criminalising also the inciting of an
intellectual property right infringement.
Jonas Maebe, Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure (FFII) analyst
commented: "Today, 'inciting' is only criminal in some member states, and in
exceptional cases such as hate speech. Elevating IPRs to the same level is a
scary development. The inciting clause is also reminiscent of the US 'Induce
Act', which threatened to make MP3 players such as the iPod illegal"
The fight now moves to the Council of the European Union for its first
reading, and then to the European Parliament for a second reading. Several
states have started to mount resistance to IPRED2 in the last weeks, with
the UK and Holland leading the charge.
European Parliament Criminalises Businesses, Consumers, Innovators
IPRED2 Slips Through, Fight to Continue (25.04.2007)
Intellectual property: pirates and counterfeiters to feel the full weight of
criminal law (25.04.2007)
Petition against IPRED2
EDRI-gram : IPRED2 adopted by the EP Legal Affairs committee (28.02.2007)
2. French Government Decree on data retention - another Big Brother act
The French Government, during this election period, is preparing a decree
for the application of the law on the confidence in the numerical economy
(LCEN) of 21 June 2004, which requires webmasters, hosting companies,
fixed and mobile telephony operators and Internet service providers to
retain all information and on Internet users and telephone subscribers and
to deliver it to the police or the State at a simple request.
The present text requires the data retention for a year, and according to
the digital rights associations, such as EDRI-member IRIS, this goes even
further up to retaining the passwords supplied when subscribing to a
telephone service or an Internet account or payment details such as amount,
date or type.
It apparently imposes the identification of anyone in France who has made
any modification in a blog, a chat room or on the web and the systematic
recording of anything put, modified or erased online which is practically
impossible from the technical as well as economical point of view.
Further more, chapter 2 of the draft decree establishes that the data
retained by the ISPs and hosting companies and obtained by the police can be
kept by the latter for a period of three years in the automatic processing
systems provided by the Ministry of Domestic Affairs and the Ministry of
Defence. And this comes at a time when the police have already been given
wider prerogatives while no data protection measures are provided for the
data retained.
Concerns are also expressed in relation to the vagueness of the text. "We
would like some clarifications on the nature of the data that operators have
to retain, considering their risk of penal responsibility in case of a
legal decision regarding the violation of privacy" said Dahlia Kownator,
general delegate of AFA-France (French Association of ISPs), who also
believes that a harmonization of the regulatory texts should  be achieved at
the national and European level.
The costs involved by this process would also be extremely high. During a
meeting organised by the Ministries of Domestic Affairs and Finance on 8
March 2007, professionals have estimated their costs in human resources and
storing capacity could reach up to several millions euro per year.
The sanction for non-compliance or passivity would also be very high, the
French Internet ISPs and websites facing fines of up to 375 000 euros and
their managers one-year imprisonment and up to a 75 000 euros fine, besides
the closing down of their business and the interdiction to practice any
commercial activity.
According to IRIS, besides these obvious negative results, this action would
lead to discouraging the French Internet providers to the advantage of the
international players.
Retention of identification and connection data: more and more and over
longer time periods - IRIS press release (only in French, 20.04.2007)
Debate on the information data retention (only in French, 20.04.07)
 at 2-651865,36-899089 at 51-886229,0.html
Does the State want to kill the Internet in France (only in French,
 at 2-3232,36-899116 at 51-886229,0.html
3. Data retention and increased surveillance in Germany
The German government has approved the draft legislation that implements the
data retention directive, but the political opposition and the growing
anti-surveillance movement shows an important resistance to the new plans of
the federal Minister for the interior, Wolfgang Schduble, who wants an ever
increased surveillance.
The draft bill adopted by the German Government on 18 April 2007, was called
by the Minister of Justice, Brigitte Zypries, "reasonable and
constitutional." But the adopted draft expands what was initially
proposed by Zypres, making traffic data accessible not only for criminal
prosecution purposes, but also in order to "prevent considerable dangers"
and "fulfil the legal duties" of all security police. Zypries also stated
"the data retained could be used to prevent crime... if the police laws of
the German states allow for this."
The e-mail can be used anonymously, but the anonymization services will also
be obliged to retain data. Providers of e-mail services will basically
have to keep records of the following: the user's IP address for each e-mail
sent and for each access to the inbox as well as the sender's network ID for
every e-mail received.
At the same time, the Federal Interior Minister, Wolfgang Schduble,
has presented a new "list of horror" that includes doing "preventive"
dragnet investigations (i.e. data mining in private databases without
suspicion), storing fingerprints and other biometric data of all Germans who
have passport data in a networked database, secretly hacking into citizens'
computers or performing "preventive" phone interception.
But more voices rise against the new plans. The journalists' and
publishers' organizations saw the secrecy of their sources under attack by
the data retention bill, and most mass media have more or less openly
positioned themselves against the plans.
Leading Social Democrats are openly moving away from Schduble, and some have
even compared his attitude to that of Guantanamo. Even a few prominent
conservatives have tried to slow him down and the police union has openly
questioned the necessity of these measures.
Also the recent demonstration "Freiheit statt Angst" (Freedom instead of
Fear) against growing surveillance, organized by the Working Group against
Data Retention and supported by EDRi-members CCC, FIFF, FITUG, FOEBUD, NNM,
and others, has gathered more than 2000 people in Frankfurt on 14 April 2007
in the biggest demonstration for privacy since the 1980s. Supporters have
been very wide-ranging, from radical anti-fascist groups to the opposition
parties and the federation of women emergency call centres. The ISP
associations did not officially support this, but a lot of them helped with
logistics behind the scenes. Many of the ISP workers from Frankfurt also
took part in the demonstration.
The working group against data retention has also gathered more than 12 000
supporters for a constitutional court challenge against data retention since
November 2006. It will be submitted on the day the bill is enacted. This
will be the largest constitutional court case in Germany ever.
The adoption of the data retention bill a few days after the demonstration,
as well as Schduble's plans, combined with an unclear statement by him on
the presumption of innocence, have led to an outcry in the last few days.
The said-to-be-non-political German blogosphere discussed these developments
at a large gathering in Berlin two weeks ago and, as a follow-up, has issued
a call for creative resistance. Above all, blog posts that contain "Stasi
2.0" (a reference to East German secret police) with a picture of minister
Schduble are spreading quickly at the moment.
German government approves retention of data (19.04.2007)
Surveillance plans and the growing privacy movement in Germany (20.04.2007)
Demonstration "Freiheit statt Angst" (Freedom instead of Fear) (only in
German, 14.04.2007)
Stasi 2.0 - Germany moving towards surveillance state
(Thanks to Ralf Bendrath - EDRI member Netzwerk Neue Medien)
4. Copyright clearing for EU digital libraries project
On 18 April 2007, a copyright handling model for digitalised works was
agreed by EU High Level Expert Group on Digital Libraries including major
stakeholders such as the Federation of European Publishers, the British
Library, the German national library and Google.
The High Level Expert Group, founded in 2006 by Viviane Reding, the
Commissioner for Information Society and Media, advises the Commission on
issues regarding digitisation, online accessibility and digital preservation
of cultural material. This action is part of the European Digital Library
initiative adopted by the European Commission in June 2005 in order to
preserve European cultural and scientific heritage making them available
online in closed networks.
In February 2007, the Commission adopted a Communication on "Scientific
Information in the Digital Age: Access, Dissemination and Preservation" to
examine and support new ways of promoting better access to scientific
information online and to preserve research results digitally for future
"Protection of intellectual property is important to stimulate creativity
and innovation in the knowledge-based economy. Solving copyright issues in
an online-environment is therefore crucial if we are to make the vision of a
European Digital Library a reality", said Reding.
The model recommended by the group covers for the time being orphan works
(works with no identified right holders) and out-of-print works (no longer
for sale) but leaves room for further coverage of commercial publications.
As regards the orphan works, the group suggested non-legislative solutions
like databases dedicated to information on orphan works, embedding better
rightsholder data in digital material, and negotiating better contracts
between stakeholders. It has also reviewed several legislative proposals
to determining when the search for the owner of an orphaned work is
Regarding the out-of-print works, the Group suggest a four-phase solution
that is based on a model licence (presented in an Annex to the report),
establishment of a database of such works, a joint clearance centre and a
procedure to clear rights.
According to this solution, the rights-holders can license their works to a
library, which further on digitalises them making them available to other
users such as museums, universities, other libraries or home PCs. The
licensed library will be responsible for collecting the money from the users
and for paying the right holder.
The exact level of payment did not make the object of the deal but according
to some sources a likely cost could be close to 1 euro per each use of a
work. However, the amount would depend on negotiations of the individual
Report on Digital Preservation, Orphan Works and Out-of-Print Works,
Selected Implementation Issues (18.04.2007)
Copyright deal clears way for European Digital Library (19.04.2007)
EU Copyright Group Seeks Solutions to Digitisation Roadblocks (20.04.2007)
Europe's Digital Library experts set to focus on copyright today
i2010: Digital Libraries Initiative - Europe's Cultural and Scientific
Heritage at a Click of a Mouse
5. E-voting in France - after the first round of presidential elections
The first round of the presidential elections in France, where e-voting
systems have been used in 82 localities as a pilot test, showed many queues,
some equipement shutdowns and dropouts of some towns (Amiens, St Malo, Le
Perreux, Ifs). Some political parties have called the e-voting a
"catastrophe", demanding the withdrawal of electronic voting machines for
the second round of the presidential election .
However, the main two points of the e-voting criticism, as explained by
Pierre Muller from Ordinateurs-de-vote.org, are the loss of control by the
citizens with the risk of major untraceable fraud and the humiliation
for a great number of electors. The latter is explained by the fact that at
least 5-10% of the electors are not at ease with the electronic voting
system, according to some e-voting satisfaction polls. These citizens could
be publicly humiliated by their difficulties in voting or the number of the
citizens not coming to vote could actually grow .
On the verge of elections, the town halls of Voreppe, Ifs and Wissous have
publicly announced that the new i-Votronic voting equipment that they had
acquired has been replaced with "an older version", as the new model had not
yet received approval. The town hall of Issy-les-Moulineaux, having
previously bragged its voting would be 100% electronic, has had to do the
same thing, only tried to be discrete in this matter.
In some localities including Issy-les-Moulineaux the electors have asked for
a moratorium on the usage of the voting machines and have indicated they
would make appeals regarding the request of tenders and decisions of the
municipalities. A complaint was sent to the State Council by the opponants
to electronic voting of Issy-les-Moulineaux which has acknowledged the
receipt but announced the action would be not judged right away. According
to the claimants, the State Council should give its advice within 15 days.
According to Nicolas Barcet of Internet site betapolitique.fr, as well as
Laurent Pieuchot, municipal councillor in Issy-les-Moulineaux, the voting
computers of Issy do not comply with the requirements of the Ministry of
Domestic Affairs using more than two keys as agreed upon.
Amiens town hall also announced that it had to give up the electronic voting
system and that the presidential elections would take place in the
traditional manner. The declaration of the town hall was that: "Having in
view the reluctance expressed by many people against this new voting system,
Gilles de Robien (the Mayor) has decided that this will be done only
Opposing to the electronic voting system can be risky. Two citizens of
Courdimanche in Val-d'Oise, have been condemned to the payment of 800 euros
legal charges by the administrative court of Cergy-Pontoise that rejected
their action against the voting machines. Lucile Schmid, regional councillor
in Hauts de Seine, and Laurent Pieuchot, municipal councillor in Issy les
Moulineaux, were condemned by the High Court of Paris to stop the
distribution of their brochure "Ne laissons pas la place aux machine, votons
massivement" (Let's not give in to machines, let's all vote) which was
stating that there were security problems related to the voting equipment.
The two electors will make appeal.
The site Ordinateurs-de-vote.org has launched a petition for the
preservation of the paper voting which, by 25 April 2007, had already
gathered more than 80 000 signatures.
The site also draws the attention on the fact that electronic voting has
already shown opposition in some countries in Europe and even the USA. In
Belgium, the opposition went up to proposing a law for the interdiction of
electronic voting.
According to a study carried out by Paul Verlaine - Metz University, the
voting equipment also "create huge accessibility problems to the sight
impaired being a true discrimination source for them". The study also
estimates that, with these machines, 25% of the electors run the risk of
mistaken the candidate or of not finalising their vote.
Petition for the preservation of the paper voting (only in French)
Voting machines a 'catastrophe'--French parties(23.04.2007)
First presidential election tour : the main point is somewhere else (only in
French, 22.04.2007)
The town hall of Amiens steps back from the electronic voting (only in
French, 20.04.2007)
 at 2-823448,36-899479 at 51-885010,0.html
Judicial pressures on voting machines (only in French, 21.04.2007)
 at 2-823448,36-899409 at 51-885010,0.html
The voting machines of Issy-les-Moulineaux have been discretely replaced
(only in French, 18.04.2007)
 at 2-823448,36-897086 at 51-885010,0.html
Voting machines: confusion governs (only in French, 20.04.2007)
 at 2-823448,36-898211 at 51-885010,0.html
6. New anti-racism documents on the European agenda
After six years of debates in trying to reach an agreement, the European
Council will adopt a Framework decision that makes incitement to racism and
xenophobia a crime in all the EU members states. At the same time, five MEPs
promoted a declaration that asks for an increased involvement of the ISPs in
the fight against hate webpages.
The text of the new Framework decision on Racism and Xenophobia has been
agreed by the Justice and Interior Ministers from EU, that have reached a
compromise, thus making the incitement to racism a crime that should be
punished by criminal penalties of 1-3 years of imprisonment. However the
member countries may "choose to punish only conduct which is either carried
out in a manner likely to disturb public order or which is threatening,
abusive or insulting."
The new agreed text does not include controversial terms such as
Holocaust or crimes under the Stalin regime and makes reference to the
"crimes of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes as defined in
the Statute of the International Criminal Court" or "crimes defined by the
Tribunal of N|remberg". However, the legislation in some member countries
(such as Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Poland and Romania) already
targets the Holocaust denial.
At the same time, a written Declaration on Race Hate on the Internet was
submitted to the Parliament on 23 April 2007 by a group of five deputies
from the EPP, Socialist, Alde and GUE groups .
The declaration calls for all "Internet service providers to include
provisions on hate in their terms of service", but does not indicate if it
refers to hosting companies or Internet access providers. At the same time
the declaration does not address the delicate question on what terms should
an ISP decide if a content is considered racist under their national law,
an issue largely debated in other OSCE or UN meetings.
The declaration also calls on the EU Member States to sign and ratify the
Council of Europe Additional Protocol to the Convention on Cybercrime,
concerning the criminalisation of acts of a racist and xenophobic nature and
on the European Commission to enhance dedicated activities on hate through
its Safer Internet Plus Programme.
The five MEPs ask "to learn from international good practice in the USA",
despite the fact that most of the anti-Semitic webpages are hosted in the
United States and protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution.
EU agrees breakthrough hate-crime law (20.04.2007)
EU criminalises racial hatred (20.04.2007)
Providers are called on to do more against "hate pages" on the Web
Written Declaration on race hate on the Internet (23.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: Combating Racism on Internet (2.02.2006)
7. Free file sharing in the copyright law supported by a Norwegian Party
The Norwegian Liberal Party (Venstre) passed a resolution on 14 April 2007
to support changes in the copyright law including free file sharing, free
sampling and the banning of DRM systems.
The resolution proposed by the Young Liberals and supported by Trine Skei
Grande, Vice Chairwoman of the Liberal Party, is meant to adapt the
legislation to the modern technological developments.
"These are great opportunities, and the Liberal Party wants to use them. We
want to advocate collecting, use, improvement and spreading of all culture,
ideas and innovation for non-commercial use", said Jonas Stein Eilertsen,
cultural spokesperson for the Young Liberals.
Venstre believes the copyright law in force is outdated and a balance needs
to be created between the consumers' demands, access and openness to culture
and the artist's rights. The opinion is that copyright has been largely
misused by the copyright owners and distributors which led to stalling
innovation and artistic development.
One of the changes the resolution proposes is the free file sharing. As the
new technologies allow now a wide and global spread of culture at a minimum
cost new means must be found for the compensation of artists and copyright
owners so that file sharing might be free.
Free sampling is also proposed in order to give artists and producers the
possibility to rework old works thus simplifying the present situation
where this requires the approval of all copyright holders. The
anti-plagiarism laws are considered to be enough to protect the copyright
holders' rights.
Another proposed change is related to the life span of the commercial
copyright. Presently, the copyright life span in Norway is 70 years after
the original holder's death. The Liberal Party considers this period should
be shorter.
A significant change would refer to DRM systems, the Liberal Party
considering these should be banned in order to ensure the free use and
distribution of culture and information. With products using DRM that are
outside the Norwegian jurisdiction, there must be a clear specification of
the use of DRM.
"International law regulates most of these questions. I have yet to conclude
on everything regarding these complex problems, but I have faith in this as
a radical and modern solution that still ensures artists' rights to revenue
and attribution" stated Skei Grande.
Liberal Party Advocates Legal File Sharing (15.04.2007)
Culture wants to be free! (16.04.2007)
8. Privacy bodies investigate Google's data protection standards
Even though Google recently announced the reduction to 18 - 24 months of the
retention time for data related to users and their searches, its privacy
practices are discussed by the Article 29 Working Group and could be
investigated by the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
The Norwegian Data Protection Group has already sent a letter to the major
search engine with concerns over several data protection issues, especially
on data retention. A second letter is expected to come from the
European Commission on behalf of the Article 29 Working Party regarding
Google's compliance with the European data protection legislation. Following
this process, if Google privacy practices are considered in breach of the
European legislation, the company could be fined by the national data
protection authorities.
Google Deputy General Counsel Nicole Wong explained to  MarketWatch
that the company "recently announced changes to our logs retention policies
which we believe address these concerns" raised by the Norwegian group's
letter. "We speak regularly with European regulators, privacy advocates and
users for their feedback as part of a continuous and rigorous review of our
privacy practices."
Privacy concerns are raised also by the US privacy NGO Electronic Privacy
Information Center along with the Center for Digital Democracy and the U.S.
Public Interest Research Groups that have filed a joint complaint with FTC
asking for an investigation into the potential threat to consumer privacy
posed by Google's planned acquisition of DoubleClick.
Google announced last week its intention to buy DoubleClick for 3.1 billion
USD, but the privacy experts fear that this "will give one company access to
more information about the Internet activities of consumers than any other
company in the world"
The complaint also says that Google, that reaches 75 percent of the
European search market, needs to meet the privacy standards as established
by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Marc Rotenberg, EPIC executive director, explained: "We believe that this
complaint provides an opportunity for (the) FTC to look closely at whether
the online-advertising industry provides adequate privacy protection for
Internet users and (to) consider the privacy impact of non-personally
identifiable information collected through search histories."
EU privacy body criticizes Google practices (19.04.2007)
Google draws privacy complaint to FTC (20.04.2007)
EPIC Files Complaint With FTC Regarding Google/DoubleClick Merger
EDRI-gram: Google limits the search data retention period (28.03.2007)
9. Complaints on lack of access to European Commission documents
Statewatch has made two complaints to the European Ombudsman against the
European Commission, one for having failed to keep a proper public record of
documents and the other for having failed in 2006 to issue its annual report
on access to documents for 2005.
The group considers both cases as maladministration, in breach of Regulation
1049/2001 that sets up the EU bodies public registers of documents.
"Open, transparent and accountable decision-making is the essence of any
democratic system. Secrecy is its enemy and produces distrust, cynicism and
apathy among citizens and closed minds among policy makers. The European
Commission must be called to account for its actions or rather its failures
to act" said Tony Bunyan, Director of Statewatch.
The Regulation says that the European Commission, the Council of the
European Union and the European Parliament have to: "establish a register
which shall be operational by 3 June 2002" with all the documents produced
by the respective institutions. Thus, people can have access to information
regarding the measures adopted.
The indications of the Regulation say that these institutions must establish
a register of documents, with public access, where each document must be
referred to "without delay" with a reference number, the date, the subject
matter and a short description of the document. The Regulation also
stipulates access not only to the documents produced but also for those
received by the three institutions.
The Council of the European Union and the European Parliament have
established public registers with references to their documents that have in
general met the requirements of the Regulation while the same thing is not
valid for the Commission. Its register of documents contains only
legislative texts and adopted Commission reports with no reference to most
documents produced or received by the Commission.
Statewatch's complaint was accepted by the Ombudsman on 3 October 2006 and
was sent to the Commission asking for their answer by 31 December "at the
latest". The Commission requested an extension of the deadline first until
28 February 2007 and then until 31 March 2007. The deadline has expired and
the Commission still has not sent any response to the Ombudsman on this
Mr. Baroso, the President of the European Commission claimed that:
"As regards the public registers, Regulation 1049/2001 does not require the
institutions to set up comprehensive registers of all their documents" and
that the operation of comprehensive registers would be impossible.
The second complaint of Statewatch refers to the annual report for 2005
which should have been produced by the European Commission in 2006 as it is
required by the Regulation.
It is not the first time that Statewatch makes complaints against the
European institutions and has already won eight cases lodged against the
Council of the European Union with the European Ombudsman.
Statewatch lodges two complaints against the European
Commission with the European Ombudsman (19.04.2007)
10. ENDitorial: The Transparent Drug Addict - Choosing Therapy Over Privacy?
On 1 March 2007 the Austrian Department of Health enacted its highly
controversial revision of the Narcotic Substances Act, thus provoking an
immediate outcry from both the medical and pharmaceutical associations and
privacy experts.
The draft has also been heavily criticised in the run-up to its execution in
2006, Dr Hans Haltmayer, vice-president of the Austrian Association for
Medically Supported Therapy for Addicts (VGABS, Vsterreichische f|r die arzneimittelgest|tzte Behandlung von Suchtkranken) describing the
amendments as "the ultimate worst case scenario from a  medical point of
view". In order to receive substitution therapy, under the new law,
patients have to agree to have their intimate personal data transmitted by
their attending physician. Otherwise they won't receive their medication. In
other words: if you require a substitute drug, you lose your right to the
legal requirement concerning your confidential medical communication. This
clearly constitutes an infringement of the European Convention of Human
Rights (Article 8, Right to Respect for private and family life) (Article
"In terms of privacy, this new act is a total disaster", says Hans Zeger
from Arge Daten. Especially worrying is the amendment concerning a
certificate of substitution (Substitionsnachweis) compulsory for all
substitution patients, a contract including entries about the sort of
substitute drug, validity period of prescription, dose rate, mode of
distribution, and regulations concerning the take-out dose. Doctors and
pharmacists can be prompted to transmit these detailed histories of therapy
and distribution to the authorities and third parties, with a retention
period of three years. The data are to be processed in a centralised
national register of the Ministry of Health (Article 23j). The attending
physicians have to register all cases of substitute therapy in this index,
including all personal data of patients.
Supporters of the new regulations and the legislator argue that the
amendments and the adopted monitoring control system are thought to  result
in a reduction of the misuse and abuse of the issued substances; they want
to prevent Doctor Shopping, multiple prescriptions and illegal trafficking
with prescribed drugs. It is also true that detailed documentation of
therapy will result in improved and more effective therapies with substitute
drugs. According to Dr Franz Pietsch, Austria's National Drug Coordinator:
"I cannot see any contradiction between our goal to extend our substitution
program and these newly introduced restrictive measures. They have been
called for by many drug-experts and, despite controversial discussions in
this field, constitute a professional and well-balanced consensus."
What is especially puzzling about these regulations is the obvious and
required incapacitation of patients - and doctors - as a prerequisite to
start therapy. Thus, instead of offering more and easier access to
substitution therapies for already stigmatised addicts, they create even
more obstacles. Haltmayer sums up the consequences: "Fewer addicts in the
clinics, more addicts on the streets. Let's not forget that the untreated
addict is the biggest threat to self and others."
Implications for patients are clear: if they do not accept the conditions of
the program, they will receive no treatment. What are the choices? To
describe this as the "patients' consent to the further use and processing of
their private and sensitive data" is disturbing. Especially substitution
programs have high drop out-rates, and these are going to rise with
increased surveillance.  People in need of such programs are understandably
trying not to draw attention to their problems. Now that existing or
potential employers or landlords can access their personal data, chances are
that many addicts will drop out of therapy or never even consider starting
it. What is more, public authorities could refuse certain social services to
people on the grounds that they are registered as substitute drug patients.
There is more trouble ahead concerning the restrictive regulations about
providing patients with substitutes for a period of time (Mitgaberegelung):
patients have to consume the substitutes under the supervision of their
physician or pharmacist on the professionals' premises on a daily basis.
This makes it hard for addicts to hold down a regular job; exceptions to
this regulation depend on the duration of continuous treatment and an
existing employment or apprenticeship. Despite Dr Pietsch's statement that
"these restrictive regulations about providing patients with substitute
drugs are not meant to impair the patients' work-related, housing-related
and social environments any more than necessary", instead of
providing more and easier access to substitution-therapies they create even
more obstacles for already stigmatised patients.
Physicians find themselves in a predicament as well: left with the choice of
infringing either the Federal Act on Medical Profession or the Narcotic
Substances Act, many Austrian doctors have already dropped out of the
(scarce) substitution programs - which leaves many patients with little to
no chance for therapy, especially in rural areas.
In the run-up to the amendments Dr. Rolf Jens, president of the Vienna GP
Medical Association, pointed out: "It will become impossible for us
physicians to attend to patients in the best possible way according to
medical law and scientific state-of-the-art without violating the Narcotic
Substances Act. To participate in substitution therapies will become
increasingly difficult and extremely risky for physicians."
Hans-Joachim Fuchs, a practitioner based in Vienna, is preparing to file a
complaint to the Constitutional Court; he doubts the new law is in
accordance with the Austrian Constitution. He said in an interview
with the Austria Press Agency that already over twenty physicians,
patients and relatives were supporting his petition. He is confident that
the Constitutional Court will reach an agreement to revise the amendments or
at least parts of them.
This view is supported by Arge Daten. "We have examined the legal aspects of
the amendments very carefully and come to the explicit conclusion that there
exists absolutely no legal basis for the extensive release from the
physician's obligation to confidentiality," says Hans Zeger.
The Austrian Department of Health, however, is not impressed: they argue the
data are recorded, retained and transmitted for the protection and the
well-being of the patients; no revision of the amendments are planned.
Apparently drug addicts in Austria are expected to consider themselves lucky
to receive treatment at all. In essence this fringe group is asked to do
without their basic rights (and who will be next?).
The amendments are only one example in the increasingly bold thrusts into
the enforceability of scurrilous intrusions of basic rights: alarming
harbingers of a system of minimal health care devoid of privacy and human
Arge Daten: "Therapy only without Privacy - the new road to a two-class
health care system" (only in German, 17.04.2007)
A huge step backwards for substitution therapies (only in
German, 02.2006)
Plattform Drogentherapie: Framework of the new Narcotic Substances Act (only
in German)
Amendments to Substitution Therapies: increased surveillance, stricter rules
(only in German, 2007)
The New Narcotic Substances Act: Worst Case Scenario or a Storm in a Teacup?
(only in German, 2007)
Substitute therapies abandoned by physicians (only in German, 2007)
Narcotic Substances Act condemned by the Vienna Medical Association (only in
German, 17.04.2007)
Federal Law Gazette of the Austrian Republic; Amendments to the Narcotic
Substances Act (only in German, 1.03.2007)
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch, EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association
for Internet Users )
11. Recommended Reading
OECD - Study on Participative Web: User-created content
The concept of the "participative web" is based on an Internet increasingly
influenced by intelligent web services that empower the user to contribute
to developing, rating, collaborating on and distributing Internet content
and customising Internet applications. This study describes the rapid growth
of "user-created content" (UCC), its increasing role in worldwide
communication and draws out implications for policy.
12. Agenda
27-29 April 2007, Yale Law School, USA
Access To Knowledge Conference (A2K2), Information Society Project
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007)
15-16 May 2007, Brussels, Belgium
The European Patent Conference - EUROPACO-2
18 May 2007, Oxford, UK
Global Internet Filtering Conference 2007
The OpenNet Initiative is holding its first public conference to discuss the
current state of play of Internet filtering worldwide.
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
11-15 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Fourth Session
14 June 2007, Paris, France
ENISA/EEMA European eIdentity conference - Next Generation Electronic
Identity - eID beyond PKI
15-17 June 2007, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Creative Commons iSummit 2007
17-22 June 2007 Seville, Spain
19th Annual FIRST Conference, "Private Lives and Corporate Risk"
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-12-05 20:38:07
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.23, 5 December 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.23, 5 December 2007
1. New agreement between the French ISPs and record industries
2. RFID and Informed Consent - Using and removing of RFID functionality
3. Public letter on data security sent by MEPs to Frattini
4. UK DNA database errors raise concerns
5. IP rules to be changed to give access to environmental technology
6. UK Retailers blow the whistle on DRM
7. European scientific information - too late on open access?
8. Third international conference e-Society.Mk 2007
9. Progress in the European Digital Libraries EU Initiative
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. New agreement between the French ISPs and record industries
Under the patronage of the French President Nicolas Sarkozy, an agreement
was signed on 23 November 2007 between some French ISPs and the music and
movie representatives in order to act directly against the big illegal
file-sharers. These could be warned in the first stage and then their
connection could be even cut-off..
The agreement was struck under the supervision of the Olivennes Commission,
named after its chairman Denis Olivennes who is also the President-Director
General of FNAC, the largest French retailer of cultural and consumer
electronics products. According to this convention and as already announced
by EDRI-gram one month ago, the French ISPs will spy on their users to see
if they are big file-sharers. Those who are identified could get first a
formal warning, but then they could be even cut-off or suspended. The
agreement foresees also the possibility to have a national register of the
subscribers that were suspended, but it is doubtful that such a register
will be accepted by the French Data Protection Authority - CNIL.
As a "compensation", the movie industry has agreed to release the DVD movies
just six months after the cinema run and the music industry to offer
DRM-free songs for legal download.
But the agreement is not applicable yet, since there is no authority created
to apply the agreement. The present authority created by the DADVSI law for
the regulation of DRMs and other technical measures does not have
attributions in these sense.
The administrative sanctions could be applied also to the ISPs that didn't
sign the agreement if they don't collaborate with the new authority.
Another problem of the new agreement is the open support to the filtering
technologies, that should be "tested" by the ISPs for maximum 2 years and
then implemented if they are "realistic from a financial and technical point
of view."
Nicolas Sarkozy used the opportunity to boast himself fro having respected
his presidential campaign commitments, and to first make such a type of
agreement in France, considering it as the "future of a civilised internet."
The deal was praised by the International Federation of the Phonographic
Industry (IFPI) that consider it as the single most important initiative to
help win the war on online piracy that  we have seen so far."
But colleagues of Mr. Sarkozy from the same party, such as Marc Le Fur and
Alain Suguenot, argued against it because it "creates a truly exceptional
jurisdiction for downloaders, contravening the principle of equality before
the law". Even the chair of the commission, Denis Olivennes, admitted that
the current penalties were "totally disproportionate" for those young people
who could be engaged in illegal file-sharing.
French consumer NGO UFC Que Choisir described the agreement as "very tough,
potentially destructive of freedom, anti-economic and against digital
A response to the agreement was seen a few days later, when several major
web 2.0 actors such as AOL, Dailymotion, Google, PriceMinister and Yahoo
announced the creation of a French NGO called Association of Community
Internet Services ( L'Association des services internet communautaires -
ASIC) that wants to present the "opportunities that the web 2.0 offers for
the French economy and culture."
Unfortunately, the French bad example was quickly picked up and used in
other countries as a positive example. As EDRI-member Open Rights Group
reports, during an event in UK last week organised by the Social Market
Foundation with the title "Intellectual Property Rights and Consumer
Rights", the minister responsible for UK-Intellectual Property Office spoke
of the need for balance in reforming Britain intellectual property
regulation but the Government's actions do not yet evidence this commitment.
Richard Mollett from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) flagged moves
towards a voluntary agreement between the BPI and ISPs to reduce
copyright-infringing traffic, similar to French model. He expects "an
initial warning from the ISP that infringing traffic is
associated with a particular account will halt 75% of infringers. If
suspicious activity continues then account suspension is the next step,
before the final sanction of account termination." But "(...) fortunately
this point was recognised by all parties to the discussion, cutting off
internet access is very much the 'nuclear option'."
In the US, the Motion Picture Association of America Chairman Dan Glickman
confirmed this trend at a UBS AG media conference in New York, stating that:
"Within the next few years all the major ISPs will be much more aggressive
monitoring for people who use their Internet connections" for illegal
Agreement for the development and protection of cultural works and programs
in the new networks (only in French, 23.11.2007)
Mission assigned to Denis Olivennes in the fight against illegal downloading
and the drafting of legal offers of music, audiovisual and cinema works
(only in French, 23.11.2007)
France unveils anti-piracy plan (23.11.2007)
French record industry, ISPs in entente to boot off file-sharers
Olivennes Agreement: Ratiatum decripts the measures - item by item (only in
French, 26.11.2007)
AOL, Dailymotion, Google, Yahoo and PriceMinister are organizing to defend
their position (only in French, 3.12.2007)
"3 steps and you're terminated" (2.12.2007)
ISPs to monitor Piracy (5.12.2007)
EDRI-gram: French ruling against video-sharing platform DailyMotion
EDRI-gram: French ISPs agree to spy on Internet users to stop online piracy
2. RFID and Informed Consent - Using and removing of RFID functionality
Following the the EDRi statements on RFID Privacy Issues and RFID Security
Issues published earlier this year, EDRi recently contributed with a third
written statement to the European Commission's RFID Expert Group focusing on
RFID and Informed Consent.
In this paper, EDRi deals with the possibilities of informing individuals
about RFID use and strongly asks for a strict opt-in regime for RFID usage.
Furthermore various mechanisms for removing, altering or disabling RFID
functionality are discussed and evaluated with respect to the protection of
personal data.
Finally, EDRi suggests a concept of responsibilities to ensure that RFID
technology is only disseminated to organisations that
explicitly consented to the use of RFIDs and that are able to take
appropriate measures to protect individuals' privacy.
EDRi's statement on RFID and Informed Consent is now publicly available.
RFID Privacy Issues (10.07.2007)
RFID Security Issues (07.2007)
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
3. Public letter on data security sent by MEPs to Frattini
Two members of the European Parliament (MEPs), rapporteurs on the European
huge biometric databases Visa Information System (VIS) and the Schengen
Information System II (SIS II), have addressed a public letter to
commissioner Frattini asking for effective data protection and data security
provisions and thus excluding the copying or storage of sensitive data in
mobile formats such as, for instance, diskettes or CD-ROMs.
This letter comes as a reaction to the UK government data protection
security problems, after two CDs containing the personal data of 25 million
citizens were lost in the post.
The two MEPs - Baroness Sarah Ludford MEP, Liberal Democrat European justice
spokeswoman and European Parliament rapporteur on the VIS and Carlos Coelho,
responsible for the Schengen Information System - have reminded Commissioner
Frattini and the Portuguese Presidency that during the negotiations on the
SIS II one of the major concerns of the Parliament was exactly the problem
of the so-called "technical copies" that lead to personal data stored
off-line. The compromise with the Council was that all routine technical
copies which lead to data stored offline would have to be phased out, and
that only in exceptional cases could a copy be made offline if several
rigorous criteria were met and they were destroyed after 48 hours.
The letter, published by Statewatch, reminds that, in the current
discussions on the draft Common Consular Instructions/biometrics collection
measure, the European Commission provided the European Parliament with a
document in which "offline copies on disc are still presented as a possible
means of transfer of visa data, and that in a context in which encryption
may be challenged by the host country." This is seen as a major concern by
the 2 MEPs that asked the Commission to learn from the UK problems:
"Not only the UK government but the EU as a whole need to ensure that
lessons are learned from this monumental blunder at HMRC. We cannot allow
lax security standards on access or copying of vast centralised databases to
imperil the personal security of millions of people", said Sarah Ludford.
"EU data protection laws either need to be toughened up or accompanied by a
strict training and auditing regime in which data protection supervisors
must be given adequate resources and enforcement powers, both hitherto
lacking in the UK."
They also demand that the European Commission together with the Article 29
Working Party and European Data Protection Supervisor should draw up a green
paper on the risks that exist and the safeguards needed to keep data safe.
A new draft proposal that needs the ammend the European Privacy and
Electronic Communications Directive has been published by the European
Commission. One of the important changes will be the obligation of the
electronic communication companies to notify its customers  when a privacy
breach had occurred.
Letter to Franco Frattini on data security (22.11.2007)
EU must learn database lessons from UK lost records (22.11.2007)
European Commission plans security breach notification law (5.12.2007)
EDRI-gram: UK government loses personal data on 25 million citizens
4. UK DNA database errors raise concerns
The largest DNA database in the world covering details on about 4.5 million
people including information on every person arrested, convicted or not, and
on 900 000 children raises questions as inaccuracies and administrative
errors have been found in its records.
Incorrect dates, spelling mistakes and duplications have been found by Data
Quality and Integrity Team of the DNA database unit. These mistakes can lead
to innocent people being accused of crimes and wrongly arrested. Information
added to incorrect profiles has also obliged the police to erase affected
The DNA Database Unit had also admitted in a report in May 2007 that between
1995 and 2005 it failed to load 26 200 records to the DNA database because
of errors, which resulted in 183 undetected crimes.
In August 2007 statistics released by the Home Office were showing around
550 000 files with wrongly recorded or miss spelt names. This created big
concerns among civil rights groups. Shami Chakrabarti, the director of civil
rights group Liberty, considered it was already bad that the database
included innocent people which had never been charged, many children and a
large percentage of ethnic minorities. "Now it turns out we don't know the
accuracy of the data. How many Postman Pats and Donald Ducks have entries on
a system worthy of the Keystone Cops?" she commented.
A spokesman from the National Policing Improvement Agency stated that most
of these errors have been corrected but admitted errors are still possible.
"Between January and November 1,450 demographic discrepancies have been
discovered and rectified. Some of these are spelling errors, date taken
amendments and Force code amendments (...) The Custodian Accreditation
Service has identified and logged 111 unexpected results - possible errors -
for the financial year 2006/07 that have resulted in the deletion of a
profile or an amendment to the profile."
John Hemming, the Liberal Democrat MP for Birmingham Yardley and an Internet
entrepreneur who is investigating the reasons of the occurrence of so many
errors stated: "It is important that people recognise Government databases
are not necessarily 100 per cent accurate (...) It is quite clear you can't
trust the Government with your personal information. They need to massively
tighten up the way they deal with these issues."
Innocents fear DNA database errors (26.11.2007)
Outrage at 500,000 DNA database mistakes (27.08.2007)
EDRI-gram : UK Home Office plans to fingerprint children starting 11 5. IP rules to be changed to give access to environmental technology
On 20 November 2007, the Members of the European Parliament (EP) approved a
report that asks for the revision of the World Trade Organization Agreement
on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) in order to
allow the compulsory licensing of patented environmental technologies.
The European Parliament considers developing countries should be able to
have free access to the technologies developed to target the environmental
issues such as climate change. This action comes also as a result of the
environmental activists' criticism of the EU Global Paper stating the
intention to ask for a high level of Intellecutual Property (IP) standards
on European markets. According to environmental activists, such a policy
creates problems for developing countries that cannot afford expensive
environmentally-friendly technologies.
"With a high IPR (intellectual property rights) regime, products and
processes are now patented and less accessible (...) So to really achieve
the transfer of climate-friendly technology, the biggest incentive would be
to eliminate IPRs related to these technologies." said campaigner Meena
Raman from Friends of the Earth group.
Dalindyebo Shabalala of the Center for International Environmental Law in
Geneva believes TRIPS should include clearer provisions on the patent
excepts related to public health and environmental emergencies and waiving
patents should ensure wider availability of fuel-efficient cars.
French Green MEP Alain Lipietz, the author of the EP report drafted in
preparation to the international conference on climate change taking place
between 3-14 December 2007 in Bali, Indonesia, considers that not only IP
rules should be revised but also tariffs on "green goods" should be
eliminated and means should be found to subsidise polluting industries.
On the other hand, Stavros Dimas, the European commissioner for the
environment, stated that the cost of the IP rights in such technologies is a
relatively small part of the whole cost and that there are other issues to
be taken into consideration when talking about barriers to technology
transfer such as the economical policies of the developing countries. He
considers that many companies are not willing to invest in developing
countries where their IP rights are not protected and "if capacity-building
in the host country is inadequate."
More discussions on all the types of barriers to the transfer of
environmentally-friendly technologies will be held during the present
conference in Bali.
EU Parliament Urges Change In IP Rules For Environmental Technology
European Parliament resolution of 29 November 2007 on trade and climate
change (29.11.2007)
6. UK Retailers blow the whistle on DRM
The Entertainment Retailers Association (ERA) asks the music industry to get
rid of DRM which they consider responsible for the continuously decreasing
of online music sales in UK.
The industry music seems to ignore the consumers' preferences who are
displeased with the copy protection systems imposing limitations on the
content use. Additionally, the occurrence of various incompatible DRM
formats has led to confusion and reserve with the consumers who tend to
prefer file-sharing, lest they should find themselves in the position of not
being able to play the music on their electronic equipment.
According to Kim Bayley, ERA director, the DRM is "working against the
consumer interest" and "puts consumers off". In a statement to Financial
Times, she has made reference to a survey already discussed in the
EDRi-gram, carried out by Entertainment Media Research and media law firm
Olswang. The study has revealed the fact that four out of five consumers
would rather have copy protection free versions of the music they want to
buy. Therefore, many of them go to file-sharing peer-to-peer services.
Some recording companies, like EMI and Universal have already offered DRM
free catalogues and have experienced increased sales after that which is an
argument in favour of dropping DRM. During the last three years, an average
of one song per resident was sold online in UK, a sign that it's time the
music industry gave up DRM if they want to see any improvement in the online
UK retailers to record labels: DRM is killing us (21.11.2007)
UK retailers join the anti-DRM crusade (23.11.2007)
UK retailers complain DRM is "stifling" music (21.11.2007)
EDRI-gram: DRM-free music is supported by consumers (29.08.2007)
EDRI-gram: DRM debate continues in Europe (28.02.2007)
7. European scientific information - too late on open access?
The recent meeting on 22-24 November 2007 of the Competitiveness European
Council meeting adopted its conclusions on scientific information in the
digital age: access, dissemination and preservation.
The conclusions underline the importance of scientific output resulting from
publicly funded research being available on the Internet at no cost to the
reader under economically viable circumstances, including delayed open
access. They also ask the member countries "to systematically assess
conditions that affect access to scientific information", including:
a.The way in which researchers exercise their copyright on scientific
b.The level of investments in the dissemination of scientific
information as compared to total investments in research, and
c. The use of financial mechanisms to improve access, such as refunding
VAT for digital journal subscriptions to libraries.
But the Slovenian Minister for Growth, Ziga Tur, considered the conclusions
as coming too late, explaining in his blog: "The bottom line is
that in the scientific publishing process there is a decreasing value added
by the publishers. The research is funded by the governments or the
industry, performed by the researchers, papers are written and reviewed by
them for free, only at the very end a publisher comes along that takes over
the copyright, publishes the work and sells the journal at great expense to
the community that created and edited the content for free."
He also considers that the document aims too low, in talking only about
"delayed open access" and suggesting refunding VAT that would mean "simply
subsidizing commercial publishers".
The Slovenian Ministry suggests a much more categorical European approach to
the open access issues considering that "the explosion of the internet based
technologies in the US have been made possible by the (1) open access to
software, (2) open standards and (3) freely available scientific articles on
the subject. The cited document brings nothing like that to Europe."
Council Conclusions on scientific information in the digital age: access,
dissemination and preservation - 2832nd Competitiveness (Internal market,
Industry and Research) Council meeting (22-23.11.2007)
Council on Scientific Information in the Digital Age: Too Little Too Late
Latest EU steps in the field of scientific publishing 'too little, too late'
8. Third international conference e-Society.Mk 2007
The conference on the topic of "Inclusive e-Government" was organized by the
Metamorphosis Foundation last week within the frames of the project "Western
Balkans Network for Inclusive e-Government". The project aims at
strengthening the cooperation and coordination among all the relevant
stakeholders, decision-makers, government representatives, as well as
representatives of the business, academic and nongovernmental sector in
order to improve the quality and raise the level of usability and
accessibility of electronic services provided by the public administration.
"Although the inclusion is characteristic for the countries with a more
advanced degree of development of the information society, this does not
mean that we should not discuss this topic in Macedonia and work on it,
since our goal is becoming part of the European society", said Goran
Manchev, adviser in the Cabinet of the Minister in charge of Information
In the field of inclusion, as Manchev outlined, the Government is conducting
projects, such as "Computer for Every Child", the vouchers for the students,
intervals of free internet access etc., which, according to him, are an
introduction into bridging the digital divide in society.
The executive director of the Foundation Open Society Institute - Macedonia,
Vladimir Milchin, emphasized that the people working in the central and
local administration should increase their knowledge and improve their
skills in order to enable the users to increase their influence in society
and in shaping the public policies by using ICT : "This means reaching the
goal of having an open government and citizens who have access, i.e. coming
to a certain degree of inclusion, without which the democratic, nor open
society could not be imagined", said Milchin in his address to the
conference attendants.
"Knowledge and skills are among the prerequisites for establishing an
inclusive e-government into an information society. The digital divide is
increasing. The gap between the people using ICT technology and the ones
that are not is increasing. Therefore, we need to bridge the gap and enable
inclusion. We are aware that if Macedonia does not perform well in this
area, we will fall behind the European countries", stressed Marjan Gushev,
board member of the Metamorphosis foundation.
According to him, the "e" in the term "e-Government" stands more for
efficient rather than electronic Government, meaning that the Government's
activities should be reorganized in order to result in providing better
services for the citizens and businesses.
The second days focused on best practices in the e-Government.
Most participants claimed that the region benefits a lot from the
transfer of knowledge about good e-Gov practices from the EU, especially
from Austria, Slovenia and Estonia, three of the five top-ranked EU
countries in this area, according to Capgemini methodology.
On the other hand, reposts from different WBC pointed out not only to
the low level of e-Gov sophistication (around 2 out of 4), but also to
lack of interest in aspects of inclusion, especially lack of commitment
in applying standards for accessibility and usability in existing
e-services. Bardhyl Jashari from Metamorphosis Foundation emphasized the
importance of cooperation between different societal sectors:
governmental, business, educational and civic in overcoming these
obstacles. He also pointed out that in the case of Macedonia, around 70%
of the population does not use the internet at all, so in order to have
truly inclusive e-society, all the sectors must find mechanisms to
include this portion of population in the processes of development.
About 250 representatives of the governmental, nongovernmental,
education and business sector from 11 countries participated at the
conference that took place on 29-30 November 2007.
E-society.Mk 2007 International Conference
(contribution by EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation - Macedonia)
9. Progress in the European Digital Libraries EU Initiative
A meeting on 27 November 2007 of a high level group on digital libraries and
officials of the European Commission formalised the agreement between
European libraries, archives and museums in a common effort to create a
European digital library that would give access to a common European
cultural and scientific heritage.
The EU European Digital Libraries initiative is part of "i2010: European
Information Society 2010" initiative launched in June 2006 with the purpose
to "foster growth and jobs in the information society and media industries",
followed, in August 2006, by the adoption of the Recommendation on
digitisation and digital preservation urging "EU Member States to set up
large-scale digitisation facilities so as to accelerate the process of
getting Europe's cultural heritage on line via the European digital
In this sense, Member States were encouraged to tackle
questions related to copyright and "the systematic preservation of digital
content in order to ensure long term access to the material". The idea of
European Digital Libraries was backed by the Culture Ministers of all EU
Member States and by a resolution adopted by the European Parliament on 27
September 2007.
Recently, a European digital library foundation has been created gathering
European associations that represent museums, libraries and archives.
According to Information Society and Media Commissioner Viviane Reding, the
creation of the foundation "shows the commitment of Europe's cultural
institutions to work together and make their collections available and
searchable to the wide public through a common and multilingual access point
The launching of a European digital library prototype is planned for
November 2008. The prototype will give direct access to at least 2 million
digital books, records, photographs, maps, films from the European
libraries, archives and museums. It is foreseen that by 2010 the digital
library will exceed the initially targeted 6 million digital objects.
The success of the initiative depends on the financing of the digitisation
and on finding solutions to make copyrighted works searchable through the
European digital library. Therefore, the discussions during the meeting on
27 November were focused on finding new ways to finance digitisation through
public private partnerships, in finding solutions for mass-digitisation of
out of print works and orphan works and on issues related to access to and
preservation of scientific information.
The group decided to find an agreement by June 2008 to deal with orphan
works that would including criteria to look for rightholders and an
agreement was also reached by libraries, scientists and scientific
publishers to experiment open access to scientific publications which have
been under embargo during the last period.
Launch of European digital library "on track" (28.11.2007)
The European Digital Library: Frequently Asked Questions (25.08.2007)
EDRI-gram: European Parliament resolution on a European digital library
EDRI-gram: Copyright clearing for EU digital libraries project (25.04.2007)
10. Recommended Reading
Closing speech on Public Security, Privacy and Technology -Franco Frattini,
European Commissioner responsible for Justice, Freedom and
11. Agenda
5-7 December 2007, Pisa, Italy
Second DELOS Conference on Digital Libraries
27-30 December, Berlin, Germany
24th Chaos Communication Congress
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanotechnology for security and the crime prevention III
22 January 2008, London, UK
Gov 2.0, or Truly Transformative Government
17-18 June 2008,  Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-12-19 21:36:24
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.24, 19 December 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.24, 19 December 2007
1. Filtering the Internet - new request of music and film industry
2. Creative content online - main topic in new EC documents
3. Online media regulation in Ukraine
4. No decision yet from the EC on the status of the online music market
5. The broadcasting treaty resuscitated by the Council of Europe
6. Czech Big Brother Awards 2007
7. Opera complains to the EC on Microsoft's Internet Explorer
8. ENDitorial : "No Swiss DMCA" Referendum campaign
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Filtering the Internet - new request of music and film industry
Concern has been raised by a memo sent to European policy-makers by the
International Federation of Phonographic Industries asking European ISPs to
filter the content transferred by their networks. The music and film
industry continues to pressure from the EU regulators for control on the
Internet, through ISPs.
The issue raises even more concern as some European politicians seem
comfortable to consumer's communications being interfered with and
controlled by ISPs on behalf of rightholders. In November 2007, the
European Parliament's Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE)
handed to the Parliament a report amending a previous Culture and Education
Committee report, calling ISPs "to apply filtering measures to prevent
copyright infringements" with the purpose to "rethink the critical issue of
intellectual property".
Following this ITRE report, the EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Foundation
(EFF) Europe has sent a letter to the members of the Culture and Education
Committee, showing how damaging Internet filtering would be from several
points of view.
EFF points out that filtering by ISPs is inefficient, doing very little to
address the rightsholders' concerns while affecting artists, researcher or
teachers, as filtering devices would be unable to evaluate the exceptions or
limitations of the copyright that these categories benefit of.
Internet content filtering will bring significant damages to the citizens'
individual rights "in their roles as consumers, artists and educators" as
well as additional costs for network reconfigurations that will be borne by
ISPs and therefore passed on to their consumers.
EFF believes that:" Any country that has a centralized system in place to
pry into all its citizen's private communications, and then pre-emptively
sever those which it deems "unsuitable", creates both a very disturbing
precedent, and a dangerously powerful tool vulnerable to misuse."
The vote on the final document will take place on the 21 January 2008 in the
Culture and Education Committee.
Music Industry Pressures EU Politicians for Filtered Internet (7.12.2007)
EFF Europe letter to the Culture and Education Committee
ISPs - Technical options for addressing online copyright infringement
Network Filtering: Limiting Cultural Industries, Damaging the Internet
Draft report on cultural industries in the context of the Lisbon strategy -
Committee on Culture and Education (18.09.2007)
Draft Opinion of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy for the
Committee on Culture and Education on Cultural industries in Europe
Amendements to the opinion - ITRE Committee (31.10.2007)
Draft report - Guy Bono - Cultural industries in the context of the Lisbon
Strategy (26.11.2007)
2. Creative content online - main topic in new EC documents
A new policy paper drafted by the European Commission (EC) shows its
intention to promote new measures to fight against illegal file-sharing,
taking as a positive example the French agreement between ISPs and the
record industries already presented in EDRI-gram.
The policy paper obtained by EurActiv and entitled "Creative content online
in the Single Market" wants to involve all the stakeholders in the
activities against piracy: "It seems appropriate to instigate co-operation
procedures between access and service providers, right holders and
The Commission communication also talks about the development of new legal
offers of digital content available for consumers, educational programs to
raise awareness on the copyright issues and availability of the digital
content in a single market, suggesting multi-national copyright licences and
the interoperability of platforms offering legal content.
The digital content market is estimated to reach 8.3 billion euros by 2010
in the EU 25 and this is why the EC sees as a real concern the "piracy and
unauthorised up- and downloading of copyrighted content". Therefore the
Commission has started a public debate by "asking the sector's stakeholders
whether they are ready to consider the French way, based on enforcement, and
whether they consider applying filtering measures to be an effective means
of preventing online copyright infringements."
The position of the EC is not a surprise, if we take into consideration the
statement of the European Information Society Commissioner Viviane Reding at
the European Publishers' Forum on 6 December 2007. She emphasised her
efforts to promote a new law on digital publishing copyrights, explaining
that : "With the telecom package, I want to support competitiveness,
innovation and creativity. It is the first time that an electronic
communications package includes specific requirements for network operators
and users to respect copyright law."
Reading added: "People don't buy technology, they acquire contents and
services. Therefore, the new rules contain references concerning compliance
with national measures implementing the Copyright Directive and the
Enforcement Directive. Moreover, the Universal Service Directive says that
member states shall ensure that subscribers to electronic communications
services or networks are clearly informed in advance of their obligations to
respect copyright and related rights and of the most common acts of
infringements and their legal consequences."
The commissioner also pointed out the new role of the EC in this domain - a
catalyst through a "communication on creative content online in the single
market, which will generate business negotiations and improve legal
But the publishers were also criticised, the European official considering
they didn't adapt their business modes to the new dynamics asked by the
raise of the Internet. According to Reading the publishers "face a big
challenge in determining how to generate revenues in the digital age, and
that most news and magazine publishers still earn less than 5 percent of
revenues from new media, though this should double in the next year."
EU plans new measures to curb online piracy (10.12.2007)
EU Online Copyright Bill Coming; Publishers Debate DRMs (9.12.2007)
EDRi-gram: New agreement between the French ISPs and record industries
3. Online media regulation in Ukraine
A public workshop held in Ukraine on 12 December 2007 was aimed to discuss
the issues regarding the regulation of the new online media. The workshop
was organised by Internews Ukraine together with the Council of Europe and
the National Commission on Freedom of Speech and Development of the
Information Sphere under the President of Ukraine.
Besides the Ukrainian participants - from online and offline media - from
Kiev and other important cities in Ukraine, the Council of Europe invited
two experts - Thomas Schneider, Chairman of the Council of Europe Group of
Specialists on Human Rights in the Information Society and Bogdan Manolea
from EDRi as observer in the same Group mentioned above.
The present law on media in Ukraine requires the offline media to register
with a special office within the Ministry of Justice in order to be
recognised as a journalist and have access to press conferences and have
other rights, such as the protection of sources used in their journalistic
activities. Although from the Ukrainian participants' interventions this
process resulted to be more a notification than a registration, the main
question of the seminar was whether the online media should be the subject
of the same rules.
The two Ukrainian speakers that were supposed to speak pro and against the
regulation of the online media (Mr. Roman Skrypin , Media director,
"RBK-Ukraine" independent Ukrainian information agency and Ms. Tetyana
Popova, Board Chairman, The Ukrainian Internet Association respectively)
reached similar conclusions - that a general obligation of the registration
of online media is not possible and therefore such an obligation can't be
put in the legislation. But they both agreed that a voluntary registration
should be possible for any online media. Mr.Skrypin was even more trenchant
in declaring that in order to be called online media, one should register
with the Ministry of Justice, thus having the same rights and obligations as
the other professional journalists. He also added that blogs of other
websites can still exist with no problem, but they wouldn't be trusted as
the other registered media. Ms. Popova also explained that three years ago
the Ukrainian authorities were looking into regulating the Internet as much
as possible, but now the situation has changed.
Mr.Manolea intervened in pointing out that the discussion should also
consider whether the mandatory registration with a state institution
for offline media can be considered legal, especially under art.10 of
the European Convention of Human Rights. He also asked for some
clarifications regarding the advantages of registering as an online media
with the Ukrainian authorities. From the later-on discussions, no specific
advantages arose and the fact that almost all of the online media
representatives at the seminar were not registered proved that the
registration as such is doubtfully useful in any case. In fact, it appears
that some of the online media representatives present saw the registration
as a potential problem, since they could have been more easily dragged into
defamation law-suits by the local oligarchs.
Thomas Schneider's presentation focused on the definition of media and media
regulation, as seen through the standards developed by the Council of Europe
(CoE). He also underlined that "Any requirement to register online media may
qualify as a prior restraint on freedom of expression that may contravene
Art 10", presenting the ECHR decision in the case Gaweda vs. Poland on
registration requirements for print media. Also he discussed the CoE
experience in trying to identify what is online media and the difficulty to
find a comprehensive definition in this respect.
He emphasised that there should be no stricter regulation for online media
than for offline media, according to the CoE Declaration on freedom of
communication on the Internet from 2003 "Member states should not subject
content on the Internet to restrictions which go further than those applied
to other means of content delivery." But there could be an obligation to
publish information of editorial responsibility and possibilities of contact
("Impressum"). However a distinction should be made between professional and
individual websites and between those of relevance for public opinion
shaping and others, respecting though the principle of secrecy of source of
Pavlo Moiseev, Chief of Law Service from Internews Ukraine explained the
legal details of the online media regulation, starting with the freedom of
expression principle in the Ukraine's Constitution and the fact that the
present laws do not foresee an obligatory registration for online media.
Bogdan Manolea entitled his presentation "The limits of freedom of speech
and the no-limits of the Internet" and he presented the European legislation
on the limits to the freedom of speech, but also the practical problems the
states face when they try to enforce these rules on the Internet content.
The speech concentrated on the specific cases - most of them already
reported in the EDRI-gram - that prove the Internet content faces tremendous
difficulties to regulate, although if there are some national regulations on
online content that may be considered illegal, harmful or infringing third
parties' rights. He also explained by practical cases that any solution of
filtering by governments can't be efficient and creates more problems than
it solves.Therefore as a practical recommendation before taking into
consideration any kind of regulation regarding the Internet content should
look if the specific norms will not endanger the freedom of expression, if
they can be realistically implemented and if the result will not be just to
move the content unde the jusrisdiction of other countries, but still
There was a lot of discussion about whether and how online media could and
should be sued by the government or private persons for content that was not
true or harmful in some way. In that respect, Thomas Schneider argued that,
although there should be clear legal procedures about how to sue media that
abuse their freedom of expression, going to court should in a democratic
society only be the very last remedy. Sometimes, he said, things can be
viewed from different angles and there might not be only one single truth.
So people who do not agree with some media statement should make use of
their right to reply and other ways to assure the diversity of opinions on
an issue, before going to court too often.
In its closing statement, Andriy Kulakov, Director of Internews Ukraine
summarised some of the key aspects of the seminar including that the
registration of the online media is not obligatory in Ukraine and that the
online media should look more into self-regulation, like the off-line media.
He also concluded that the most efficient way forward in talking about
Internet content is to use awareness raising and educational programs.
Bogdan Manolea - The limits of freedom of speech and the no-limits of the
Internet (12.12.2007)
Thomas Schneider - Regulation of online media:europe's experience
Seminar Regulation of on-line media: boundaries of freedom and willfulness
(only in Ukrainian, 14.12.2007)
4. No decision yet from the EC on the status of the online music market
During a conference on creative rights and cultural diversity organised by
EUobserver on 6 December 2007, Josi Manuel Barroso, the President of the
European Commission, stated the European Commission (EC) was not yet ready
to take any short-term decision related to the management of the online
music market.
Despite new calls at the conference to review the voluntary guidelines on
the collective management of online music rights issued in 2005 by the EC
and supported by collective rights managers (CRMs), Barroso said the EC
needed some time to find the right solutions based on a balanced,
sustainable consensus of all the involved stakeholders.
The guidelines are not legally binding for the EU states and, according to
the music industry, about 21 out of the 27 members refuse to apply them. The
European collecting societies also argue that the present guidelines favour
big Anglo-American music publishers.
However, as Jorgen Holmquist, director general of the European Union
executive's internal market unit stated, a public consultation this year has
shown a lack of broad support for this kind of legislation. Yet, he agreed
that the system for managing online music rights was unsatisfactory.
Mr Barroso stated he wanted to ensure that cultural diversity was properly
represented on the Internet. "It's clear for me that we should not allow
monopolistic licensing structures to emerge in the internet. The repertoire
available in the internet must adequately reflect Europe's cultural
diversity," he said.
The EC guidelines presently give authors and composers the right to choose
the collecting society they want to use and also encourage collecting
societies to offer a pan-EU license to music distributors.
Artists, supported by most MEPs, ask from the EC to regulate the online
music market ensuring that CRMs provide a diversified range of music
products, arguing that the present approach does not encourage niche and
local markets. In their opinion, big CRMs will withdraw the successful
international music products from the national CRMs which would therefore
lose audience and which have a significant role in promoting and developing
local talents. Already, some publishers such as EMI have started withdrawing
the repertoires in English from some smaller CRMs.
Industry officials also say that the guidelines could become useless in
case Universal Music Group which is the world's biggest music publisher
decides to use only one collective society or even none at all.
In this sense, Universal's general counsel, Richard Constant said: "As we
try to move into a digital world, we are held back by antiquated licensing
practices. Europe is lagging behind (...) The recommendation is
fundamentally flawed. We are still having to go to each society in each
country for overpriced licenses."
Barroso rules out quick decision on online music market (9.12.2007)
EU exec stays above online music rights fray (7.12.2007)
EDRI-gram: Music: commission wants 1 internet clearing house (14.07.2005)
5. The broadcasting treaty resuscitated by the Council of Europe
Pending the approval of its Committee of Ministers, the Council of Europe
will try to promote a new broadcasting international document, building on
the failed convention for the protection of broadcasting signals of the
World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
As WIPO's 184 members have failed in agreeing upon a text for the treaty and
as the conference for a full negotiation planned for November 2007 was
postponed at the request of several member states and the European
Broadcasting Union, the Council of Europe intends to proceed on reinforcing
the initial WIPO recommendations on the matter. "I suspect that Council of
Europe member states would be very happy if the WIPO deadlock were overcome
and revert to WIPO negotiations," Jan Malinowski, head of the Council's
Media and Information Society Division, told Intellectual Property Watch.
"However, at present many feel that progress at the Council of Europe level
is desirable."
According to Malinowski, the Council would deal with the issue "by
establishing a stronger legal basis in international law [to] provide
guidance to states as to how to regulate the matter." He stated that during
the last 20 years the Council has already "elaborated other instruments
designed to enhance the protection of broadcasters neighbouring rights" such
as the "Convention on the legal protection of services based on, or
consisting of, conditional access adopted in 2001" and the "2002
Recommendation on measures to enhance the protection of the neighbouring
rights of broadcasting organisations."
IP issues have been also tackled by the Council's Convention on Cybercrime,
by dealing in a more general sense with the infringement of copyright and
related rights online or through computer systems. Also, regarding the
concerns expressed by civil rights organisations and developing countries
related to the fair access rules, Malinowski said: "A human rights-centred
approach is also necessary when examining access to education, to knowledge,
research, and I would add, also as regards cultural and artistic expression
and scientific development." He also added that "Article 10 of the European
Convention on Human Rights consecrates the right to freedom of expression
and information without interference by public authority and regardless of
A group of specialists of the Council of Europe has the task to prepare a
report on the trends and issues related to the protection of intellectual
property rights as well as "the fundamental right to freedom of expression
and free flow of information, access to knowledge and education, the
promoting of research and scientific development and the protection and
promotion of the diversity of cultural expressions and artistic creation"
and to make concrete proposals for actions to be taken in this area.
Broadcasting Treaty: Council of Europe Picks Up Where WIPO Left Off
EDRI-gram: The broadcast treaty stalled by WIPO General Assembly
6. Czech Big Brother Awards 2007
A panel of nine experts including journalists and civic associations'
members chose the awards for this year BBA winners at the ceremony on 13
November 2007 in Prague, from more than 70 nominations.
The Ministry of Interior of the Czech Republic received the award in the
category Lifetime Menace for having ignored basic citizen privacy protection
rights in elaborating the National Action Plan of Fighting Terrorism (NAP).
During the elaboration process of NAP the Private Data Protection Office was
not invited for discussion in issues. The Convention for the Protection of
Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data No. 108 of
the Council of Europe, adopted by the Czech Republic is not mentioned
in the National Action Plans for particular periods. The NAP also
contains concepts with significant negative impact to privacy of persons -
e.g. the plan for making of national database of biometric data for
verification of travel documents (in NAP 2005-2007, item 10.3). The NAP for
2007-2009 period again contains concepts for further spreading of camera
systems, for wider access to bank data, for access to location and further
telecommunication data.
The award in the category Greatest Corporate Invader was granted
collectively to the clients misusing the services or products of T-Mobile
service "Where is .?", Cuckoldry test from DNAtest.cz, Mobile Bug from
Goldsilver company and products of Odposlechy.com. The mentioned
technologies or services allow intrusion to privacy unknown to the involved
The Board decided to give the Worst Public Agency or Official Award to Plzen
city, as the trustee of the municipal camera system operator (Plzen City
Municipal Property Administration) and as the trustee of Municipal Police,
for invading of citizen's privacy with camera systems and the absurd plan to
fit municipal policemen with candid cameras for revealing of serving alcohol
to teenagers (especially when uselessness of such clips as evidence is
notorious) and for misuse of the municipal camera system on 2 August 2007,
when it was used for spying of private flat either deliberately or due to
operator's failure. The Plzen city was called "the biggest administrative
USA Government, called "the biggest international snooper", won the Award in
the category International Privacy Invader for running of a large network of
technical spying and monitoring devices called Echelon. The system monitors
electronic communication and infringes the privacy right. Moreover, the U.S.
Government refuses to publish any information that could rule out the
suspicion that the system is misused for industrial espionage and for
groundless monitoring of honest people communication.
In the category Dangerous New Technology, Martin Pegner, chief of the
DNAtest.cz project was awarded for the so called Cuckoldry test.
Promotion of this service stimulates spying of relatives. Making of DNA
tests unknown to the persons whose biological samples are concerned, is
considered by the board to be unacceptable. Absence of Ethic Code in DNA
testing which should contain requirement for the consent of the tested
persons is criticised as well.
JUDr. Stanislav Gross of JUDr. Eduard Bruna Law Office was awarded in the
category Boot in the Mouth. The Price was given for the statements in the
article published on 13 December 2006 in Lidovi Noviny, in the Horizont
section, under the title "Let us not to demonise wiretapping". The
statements "Protection of the basic values of our society in the
contemporary turbulent world will unfortunately require enlarging of state
competences having features of exceptions from the rights guaranteed by the
Constitution" and "That is why I would intercede against demonising of the
official wiretapping and for acknowledgement of their necessity in the
contemporary turbulent world" express, according to the board, unilateral
effort for strengthening repressive and monitoring activities of the state ,
with no respect to basic rights, especially privacy.
In the category Big Brother's Legal Rule the Award was given to Law No.
321/2006, which amends Law no.141/1961 about the criminal trial proceedings
(Code of Criminal Proceedings) as amended by the subsequent laws and Law no.
283/1991 about Police of the Czech Republic, so called "DNA Amendment of the
Code of Criminal Proceedings and of the Police Law". According to the
Amendment, Police is allowed to take DNA sample not only from the accused
person but also from suspected persons but it goes even further on - they
can require the sample from the "concerned" person, i.e. de facto from
anybody according to own discretion. The Amendment also smuggled this
unprecedented measure into the Police Law - the possibility of broad DNA
sampling of almost the whole imprisoned population - from the persons
serving jail sentence for premeditated criminal offence to persons subjected
to protective therapy. Finally, the Amendment introduces the possibility  to
forcefully collect DNA samples.
The Smith positive Award for privacy defenders was given to Josef Skvoreck}
Private Grammar School student representatives for their active intervention
against monitoring of students and teachers in the classrooms of the Josef
Skvoreck} Private Grammar School in 2006.
Interior Ministry, Gross win 'Big Brother' prizes (14.11.2007)
BBA 2007 press release (only in Czech, 13.11.2007)
Video reportage of the Czech BBA 2007 (13.11.2007)
(contribution by Filip Pospisil - EDRI-member Iure Remedium - Czech
7. Opera complains to the EC on Microsoft's Internet Explorer
As a result of a complaint made by the Norwegian web browser developer Opera
Software ASA, the European Commission will examine under the antitrust
regulation Microsoft's abuse in distributing the browser Internet Explorer
with the Windows operating system.
Opera Software states that Microsoft does not follow accepted web standards
and therefore hinders programme developers in making programs that work with
each other. In spite its many innovations in the field, the Norwegian
company, although successful in making browsers for mobile phones, has
failed to gain a share of the browser market on the Internet which is
dominated by Microsoft's Internet Explorer. "Microsoft's unilateral control
over standards in some markets creates a de facto standard that is more
costly to support, harder to maintain, and technologically inferior and that
can even expose users to security risks," argued Opera.
This action follows the sucessfull one taken by EU antitrust authorities
which determined the unbundling of Media Player from Windows operating
system, in October this year.
The complaint issued by Opera is supported by ICT software and hardware
providers such as Oracle, Nokia, Adobe, IBM and by the European Committee
for Interoperable Systems (ECIS). Thomas Vinje, ECIS spokesman and legal
councillor stated in a press release on 13 December 2007: "By tying its
Internet Explorer product to its monopoly Windows operating system and
refusing to faithfully implement industry-accepted open standards, Microsoft
deprives consumers of a real choice in internet browsers".
Related to this complaint, Microsoft commented: "We will, of course,
cooperate with any inquiries into these issues, but we believe the inclusion
of the browser into the operating system benefits consumers, and that
consumers and PC manufacturers already are free to choose any browsers they
During a press briefing on 12 December 2007, Jonathan Todd, the spokesman
for Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes stated that the Commission would
examine the complaint but that it was too early to make any "intelligent
Opera complains to EU about Microsoft's IE bundling (13.12.2007)
A new EU competition case looms for Microsoft (14.12.2007)
EDRi-gram: EU court confirms the 497 million euro fine against Microsoft
8. ENDitorial : "No Swiss DMCA" Referendum campaign
Like everywhere else, DRM (Digital Restrictions Management) systems
which impose technical restrictions on what end users can do with
texts and multimedia content are highly unpopular also in Switzerland.
At the same time, the representatives of the entertainment industry
claim that this technology is necessary, and politicians are inclined
to believe their view that there should be a law against circumvention
of DRM system. The main difference from most other countries is that
Swiss citizens are able to force a national vote about the change of
the law by collecting 50 000 signatures.
Of course the politicians know this and take it into account already
when discussing legal proposals in the commissions of the Parliament.  As
a result, even though the copyright law revision adds a prohibition
against breaking DRM systems and against marketing computer programs
which have this purpose, this prohibition is significantly restricted
by a clause which says that it cannot be enforced against anyone who
circumvents DRM systems only for purposes that are explicitly allowed
by the law, such as making a small number of copies of music or video
CDs for friends, or reverse engineering. In this regard, the Swiss
copyright law allows more than the corresponding laws of many other
The big question is of course whether these restrictions of the
prohibition against breaking DRM systems are sufficient to prevent
DRM systems from having a severe negative impact on society.  There
are serious doubts about that and, while the draft law was under
consideration in the two chambers of the Parliament and their legal
affairs commissions, these concerns have been pointed out by various
organizations representing Swiss consumers and business interests
which are opposed to DRM.  Nevertheless, in the judgement of these
organizations, the revision that the Swiss Parliament decided on is not
such a bad compromise to make them want to organize or support a
referendum campaign against it.
In spite of this, someone has now announced a referendum campaign
against the revision of copyright law.  Since the organizations which
have so far been active in this political process are not supporting
it, no-one expects the campaign to have much success, but of course
surprises are always possible in politics.
Campaign website
Swiss DADVSI : a petition for a referendum is launched (only in French,
(Contribution by Norbert Bollow - EDRI-member Swiss Internet User Group)
9. Recommended Reading
HuriSearch - Developed by HURIDOCS, HuriSearch is the first and only
comprehensive search engine specialized in human rights.  It provides direct
full text search of over 4 000 human rights websites. Currently over 3 100
000 pages are indexed.
10. Agenda
27-30 December, Berlin, Germany
24th Chaos Communication Congress
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanotechnology for security and the crime prevention III
18 January 2008, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Workshop: "Technology and the public domain"
22 January 2008, London, UK
Gov 2.0, or Truly Transformative Government
12 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
European ICT standardisation policy at a crossroad: A new direction for
global success
10-12 March 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights: Sixteenth Session
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-02-14 21:05:39
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.3, 14 February 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.3, 14 February 2007
1. Online police searches found illegal in Germany
2. MEPs support again the rules on defamation in Rome II
3. The ORG and FIPR week of e-voting events
4. Towards a committee for French on-line services regulation ?
5. European Central Bank found accountable in the SWIFT case
6. Belgium court backs decision against Google
7. European institutions try to impose a stronger position in the PNR debate
8. Bulgaria fails to protect citizen's personal data
9. House of Lords produces report against the AVMS directive
10. French Court decides on the sequel of Les Miserables
11. Recommended reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Online police searches found illegal in Germany
The German Federal Supreme Court (BGH) in Karlsruhe ruled, on 5 February,
that, according to the German Code of Criminal Procedure (StPO), online
police snooping was illegal.
As the court argued, StPO had no provisions to allow the authorities to
perform online snooping, the code allowing only overt searches.
Magistrate Ulrich Hebenstreit had already ruled against house searches
arguing that such searches had to take place in the presence of the person
affected. He emphasized that the data stored on computers could often be
confidential and compared online spying measures to electronic
The Protection of the Constitution Act on the German federal state of North
Rhine-Westphalia has recently included a provision that allows online PC
searches against which a complaint of unconstitutionality is presently being
Consequently, Federal Minister of the Interior Wolfgang Schduble, is now
asking the legislators to create a legal basis for the criminal prosecutors
to perform online searches ,that he considers indispensable.
Jvrg Crozier, President of the German Criminal Police Office, asked also for
new legislation to support these actions and stated "We have to be able to
keep up with new technologies when unscrupulous criminals hide on the
Internet, where they can plan their attacks and prepare their criminal
At the same time, he wanted to assure the German citizens that they
shouldn't worry about the Government monitoring them in a way that would
violate their rights. "These measures will not even affect 99.9 percent of
the population."
Ziercke stated that the Internet was playing a major part in the war against
terrorism, child pornography, neo-Nazi propaganda and other types of crimes
but can also play an important role in committing those crimes.
"The Internet is the criminal platform of the future. In fact, it is the
criminal platform of today."
On the other hand, Burkhard Hirsch, the former vice president of the lower
chamber of Germany's Federal Parliament and a member of the opposition Free
Democratic Party (FDP), considers online search by the police of a PC
as "worse than a major eavesdropping operation." He declared to the German
newsmagazine DerSpiegel that spying a computer through the Internet is
a "more brutal form of intrusion" than previous criminal investigation
Surreptitious online searches of PCs are illegal (6.02.2007)
German criminology czar believes that online searches
are urgently needed (7.02.2007)
Germany outlaws secret police snooping (6.02.2007)
EDRI-gram: Proposal of computers online searching in Germany (20.12.2006)
2. MEPs support again the rules on defamation in Rome II
The European Parliament has voted in its second reading on the Rome II
Regulation to reintroduce the rules regarding the defamation by media or
publications via the Internet and other electronic networks. The Rome II
regulation is establishing the rules on the applicable law to
non-contractual obligations.
The member states and media organizations wanted a simple formula to be
introduced and not to apply the general principle - the applicable law to be
that of the country in which the defamed person lives. That would
practically mean that every media company would have to know the privacy and
defamation laws of every European country.
At the first reading in July 2005, MEPs had approved a compromise amendment
that regulated the violation of privacy by a printed or audiovisual media.
The Council decided to delete this provision from its Common Position. In
the vote in plenary, MEPs decided to reintroduce the same rules, as adopted
at the first reading.
The Parliament's amendment suggests that in the case of print or broadcast
media the law which should apply in disputes is the law of the country to
which the publication or broadcast is most directed. That must be determined
in particular by the language of the publication or broadcast or by sales or
audience size in a given country as a proportion of total sales or audience
size or by a combination of those factors. If that is not an easy fact to
determine, the relevant law will be the one of the country where editorial
control is exercised. This provision will apply also to publications via the
Internet and other electronic networks. Regarding the right to reply, the
applicable law should be the law of the country in which the publisher or
broadcaster has its habitual residence.
Strong disagreemnts between the Council and the Parliament still exist
especially on the defamantion rules. According to Commission Vice-President
Franco Frattini, who spoke before the vote, on the approved rules on
defamation, "there is no way they will get through" in the Council.
MEP Diana Wallis stated her satisfaction on the result of the vote, but also
warned: "We may not have reached the end of the story of Rome II; by again
passing these amendments there will almost certainly have to be a
conciliation process to iron out the final difficulties between the European
law-making institutions."
The text adopted by the Parliament should go now through the conciliation
procedure, where Member States and MEPs, equally represented, will have to
debate further to find a compromise and approve the Regulation.
Rome II: MEPs reintroduce rules on defamation (18.01.2006)
European Parliament stands firm on cross-border defamation law(2.02.2007)
EDRI-gram: Rome II: Applicable law and freedom of expression (29.06.2005)
EP Legislative Observatory Rome II file
3. The ORG and FIPR week of e-voting events
Last week there were three e-voting events hosted in London by EDRI members,
the Open Rights Group (ORG) and the Foundation for Information Policy
Research (FIPR).
On 6 February guests saw a screening of the documentary film
"Hacking Democracy" which reveals in detail the failings of e-voting and
e-counting systems in the United States.
After the film a lively panel, chaired by ORG's e-voting co-ordinator Jason
Kitcat, discussed the film's implications particularly given e-voting pilots
planned in the UK for May 2007. On the panel were John Pugh MP (Liberal
Democrat); Russell Michaels, one of the film's co-directors and Dr Rebecca
Mercuri, an e-voting expert from the United States.
On 8 February there were two events which gathered, for the first time, a
wide array of e-voting experts and activists from around the world. In the
afternoon the European e-Voting Activism Workshop was started with a keynote
by Harri Hursti, a Finnish security expert who has demonstrated a number of
major security flaws in US election systems. Mr Hursti discussed how he
compromised an optical counting system to provide the finale for "Hacking
Democracy". He also shared his views on the wide variety of ways in which
e-voting and e-counting systems are vulnerable to fraud and error.
Subsequently experts from Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, The Netherlands
and the United States presented the problems they were experiencing with the
introduction of e-voting in their countries. Attendees were struck by the
strong  similarities between all the presentations:
- Governments would, with extremely weak standards in place, contract the
running and monitoring of elections to private companies;
- These companies would do minimal testing and withhold the results of those
- Problems and possible indications of fraud would arise during and after
elections. Further investigation would be impossible due to failings in the
technology and/or due to obstruction by vendors and government.
After the workshop's broad overview of e-voting, the evening event
"e-Voting: A challenge to democracy?" provided time for more detailed
Margaret McGaley, the founder of Irish Citizens for Trustworthy e-Voting,
reported on the thus-far abortive attempts to introduce e-voting machines to
the Republic of Ireland. She noted that early in the process experts had
offered advice but weren't listened to. After pushing on at great expense
the Irish government were forced to create an Independent Commission on
Electronic Voting which found serious flaws in the Nedap voting machines and
software purchased.
Dr Anne-Marie Oostveen, a founder of the Dutch "We don't trust voting
computers" foundation, reported how in the Netherlands the government
position went from 'trust us' to uncertainty. "We don't trust voting
computers" demonstrated on national TV several important hacks on the Nedap
machines used in the majority of Dutch municipalities. The result was the
withdrawal of SDU machines from elections and the creation of an independent
commission to examine the voting process.
Colm MacCarthaigh, a founding member of Irish Citizens for Trustworthy
e-voting, now following the Dutch situation since it has become resident in
The Netherlands, tied together the Dutch and Irish stories. He commented on
how the Irish independent commission's report had provided information on
the Nedap machines which had helped the Dutch activists find flaws more
quickly. The successful Dutch hacks, in their turn, helped apply more
pressure on the Irish government.
Dr Rebecca Mercuri presented the latest developments concerning voting
technology in the United States. She noted how vendors, when forced to
create voter-verified paper audit trails, had created unreliable, barely
usable systems which had created new problems of their own. In place of
e-voting machines Ms Mercuri advocated the use of paper ballots, perhaps
optically or barcode scanned. To conclude Ms Mercuri argued that Internet
voting, as proposed for the UK's 2007 pilots, was an inherently flawed
technology that should not be pursued.
One question which kept being asked after every one of our events was, why
are governments pushing so hard for e-voting technology when the problems
are so evident? We just don't understand it.
The events ended with the activists resolved to meet more often and
collaborate through a newly formed umbrella grouping, 'Europeans for
Verifiable Elections'. The Open Rights Group will continue its campaign
against e-voting in the UK and our sister organisations will carry on their
work across Europe.
Audio, video and slides from the events will be available soon
Europeans for Verifiable Elections
(Contribution by Jason Kitcat - EDRI-member Open Rights Group)
4. Towards a committee for French on-line services regulation ?
French Internet regulation history seems to repeat itself, as shows a
recently unveiled administrative decree project, which aims at
creating a "National Commission for the deontology of on-line public
communication services".
The Commission would be in charge of elaborating "deontological
recommendations" towards professional on- line communication services,
including fixed and mobile telecom operators, ISPs, publishing and
distributing services. The Commission would also be in charge of attributing
"quality labels" to these services.
However, these recommendations would also indirectly apply
to the users of these services, through subscribing contractual
clauses, especially since a "quality label" may be withdrawn by the
Commission when it is found that "deontological recommendations" are not
respected. The Commission should include of 23 members nominated by the
French Prime minister for 5 years. Besides representatives of different
ministries, one magistrate and one member of the French Conseil d'Etat, the
Commission should include 14 members representing both - and in parity -
online communication services users and professionals.
French digital rights organizations have soon denounced this new
attempt of censorship. EDRI member IRIS notes that this proposal
sounds very similar to the first attempt of Internet regulation in
France in... 1996, through what was popularly called the "Fillon
Amendment" to the Telecom law. This amendment was found
unconstitutional in July 1996, and then its major provisions were
censored since, according to article 34 of the Constitution,
fundamental freedoms may only be limited by the legislator, while in
this case there were no specified binding principles for recommendations
to be made by an administrative Commission, with strong impact on
freedom of expression.
IRIS reminds that these arguments from the Constitutional council examining
the 1996 law still apply and may well be reused against a 2007
administrative decree before the competent jurisdiction.
Draft of administrative decree (in French only, 07.02.2007)
Polemics on the regulation of French Internet  (in French only, 09.02.2007)
APRIL Press release - Internet Regulation : always the good old
methods...(in French only, 12.02.2007)
IRIS Press release - + Fillon Amendment ; 2.0 : help, the public expression
+deontology ; returns ! (in French only, 14.02.2007)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
5. European Central Bank found accountable in the SWIFT case
On 1 February, Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS)
gave his opinion on the role of the European Central Bank (ECB) in the SWIFT
case, considering the bank as accountable along with SWIFT for failing
compliance with the European privacy laws in the secret US investigation
into terrorist finances.
By using SWIFT's services in its own payment operations, the ECB has become
a joint controller being thus co-responsible in ensuring compliance with
data protection rules, meaning observing the purpose limitation principle,
informing to data subjects, and ensuring guarantees at the transfer of
personal data to third countries.
"Just as other banks, the ECB can not escape some responsibilities in the
SWIFT case which has breached the trust and private lives of many millions
of people. Secret, routine and massive access of third country authorities
to banking data is unacceptable. The financial community should therefore
provide payment systems which do not violate European data protection laws"
affirmed Hustinx in a written statement. He gave the ECB until April to
demonstrate that it complies with data protection laws.
However, the ECB does not admit any responsibility in the matter considering
data protection was not its concern but financial stability was. It also
considers the legislators should have given clearer guidance.
"The monitoring of SWIFT activities that do not affect financial stability
is not a matter for central bank oversight and, therefore, the US Treasury
subpoenas of SWIFT were outside the purview of central bank oversight. The
Oversight Group has no authority to oversee SWIFT with regard to compliance
with data protection laws," was ECB statement.
The bank said it would notify the organisations for whom it conducts
transactions and ask for their consent before sharing their data. It also
appreciated the initative of the EU and US data protection authorities,
intelligence agencies and financial regulators to find a way to properly
monitor international organisations like SWIFT.
The EDPS also addressed the ECB asking them to transfer data to third
parties only when they can guarantee the privacy protection of the owners of
the data transferred. The punitive actions that Hustinx could take against
ECB are limited. As SWIFT has no credible alternative, asking the ECB to
stop using their services would not be a reasonable measure.
EDPS calls on ECB to ensure that European payment systems comply with data
protection law - Press release (1.02.2007)
ECB blamed (again) for SWIFT privacy debacle (1.02.2007)
Hands off our bank data, Europe tells US (23.11.2006)
EDRI-gram: SWIFT found in breach of Belgian laws (11.10.2006)
6. Belgium court backs decision against Google
In the case brought by Copiepresse, a trade group representing 17 Belgium
newspapers, against Google for publishing links to newspaper articles
without permission, the Brussels Tribunal upheld its previous decision and
ruled that Google violated the copyright law.
Google was ordered to remove Belgian newspaper content from its search
engine results. The search engine is no longer allowed to refer to articles,
pictures or drawings of Copiepress members without previous agreements that
are to be negociated, non-compliance being fined by 25 000 Euros per day.
The ruling also says that  any other copyright holder could get in touch
with Google and notify its copyright infringement. In this case Google has
to remove the content within 24 hours or pay a 1 000 euros a day fine.
Google will appeal the judgment as it considers that making reference to a
page is no violation of the law and is actually in favour of the Belgian
newspapers by sending Internet users to their websites.
"Search tools such as Google Web Search and Google News are of real benefit
to publishers because they drive valuable traffic to their websites and
connect them to a wider global audience," said the Google spokeswoman.
Some Belgian journalists have also considered that the court ruling will
lead to newspapers loosing readers as the traditional print newspapers are
in decline.
"We want more readers, not less readers. Belgian newspapers will not make
the internet work by trying to stand against the tide of global change,"
said a journalist.
The Belgium press plays at who gains looses with Google (Only in
 at 2-651865,36-866673 at 51-837044,0.html
Google must respect copyright (Only in French 13.02.2007)
Google to pay  over 'copyright breach' (13.02.2007)
Google will appeal Copiepresse decision (13.02.2007)
Belgian Court Decision (13.02.2007)
EDRI-gram : Belgium says no to Google News (26.09.2006)
7. European institutions try to impose a stronger position in the PNR debate
The European Parliament intends to strengthen its opposition to the US
demands related to the transfer of European air passenger data (PNR).
Following the debate that took place on 31 January 2007 in the European
Parliament, the vote on the position that EU should have concerning the new
PNR agreement to be signed with USA on 31 July 2007 was delayed.
The end of the temporary agreement with the US gets closer and the US
maintain their threat to fine non-compliant airlines and deny them the
landing rights in the US. The American authorities already indicated that
they had no intention of changing the terms of the agreement to a better
data protection and privacy standards.
The Commission and the Council of Ministers have come to join the EP in its
position to this matter and they are very likely to ask for a shorter list
of data categories and the limitation of the access to these data only to US
immigration officers.
Very strong positions were expressed during the session by Guenther Gloser,
Germany's deputy foreign minister and the European commissioner in charge of
justice and home affairs issues, Franco Frattini.
"There is therefore the need to negotiate a very solid and stable legal
framework which will enable the exchange of PNR data with the United States
with full respect of data protection and privacy rights." said Frattini.
He expressed his concern related to the U.S. Automated Targeting System,
system by means of which millions of people have been assessed since 2002,
information made public only recently. The system is considered illegal even
in US by the Congress and some privacy advocates.
The Commissioner also added: "I have said on a number of occasions that the
right to privacy is for me non-negotiable. It has to be respected, fully and
completely. Legal certainty is also an important element for air-carriers.
It must be taken into account, as it has been from the very beginning. ..the
Commission is committed to continuing to give due consideration to privacy
on the one hand and legal security on the other, as they form key principles
of this file, without forgetting the importance of preventing and fighting
terrorism and related transnational crimes."
He also stressed the fact that the negotiations would be very challenging
requiring imagination and effort both from EU institutions as well as from
the US "in order to reach a very robust, solid solution."
In the absence of an agreement, the airlines will be placed in a very
delicate situation between being fined by US for failing to provide the data
or sued for non-complying with European data protection laws in case they do
New developments in this matter will probably occur during this week's EP
Data transfer to US: MEPs raise pressure (1.02.2007)
Europe preps for battle with U.S. over traveller data (1.02.2007)
European Parliament: Joint debate on a new agreement on Passenger Name
Records (PNR) and on SWIFT data (31.01.2007)
EDRI-gram : EU-US PNR agreement formally adopted by the EU Council
8. Bulgaria fails to protect citizen's personal data
A recent report made public by the Bulgarian National Audit Office about the
activity of the Commission for Personal Data Protection (CPDP) in Bulgaria
in the period 1 January 2003 - 31 December 2005 shows that CPDP has failed
in achieving its main purpose - to protect the citizen's personal data.
Parts of the National Audit Office report have been translated by Bulgarian
NGO Access to Information Programme and published on Statewatch. According
to the report, the CDPD has spent approx. 1.35 million Euro for its
activities, but has completed only 17 investigations at citizens'
complaints. The Commission has failed in creating the mandatory registry of
personal data processors and hasn't imposed any sanction so far.
Moreover, there is no policy in place, strategy or established goals for the
personal data protection field. The National Audit Office has considered
that CPDP did not function as a permanent working body since the main part
of its staff has predominantly maintained working relations with other
The report noted that no legal provisions regulates the registration
procedure, and the CPDP had not adopted written rules, procedures and
methodology for exercising control over the activities of the
administrators. The objects of control, the types of control activities and
their scope are not explicitly defined, the powers of the controllers are
defined vaguely and incompletely.
The flaws of the present data protection legislation and its implementation
have been highlighted by Access to Information Programme. The insufficient
protection of personal data in Bulgaria was criticized in the European
Commission monitoring reports in the pre-accession process, as well.
Bulgaria: The Commission for Personal Data Protection in Bulgaria has done
little for the protection of personal data - 1.35 million. Euro were spent
instead (01.02.2007)
Audit Report of the CDPD (only in Bulgarian, 30.01.2007)
Access to Information Programme - Bulgaria
9. House of Lords produces report against the AVMS directive
A report of the Lords European Union Committee offered new reasons to oppose
the Commission's draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive (AVMS),
successor of the Television Without Frontiers Directive, that will extend
television regulation to some Internet video services.
The Directive was approved in its first reading by the Parliament in
December 2006 and should be backed now by the Council of Ministers.
The Directive, as it is now drafted, applies only to commercial TV-like
services, but concerns still exist on the vagueness of what this would cover
and the fear that the regulation might be wrongly applied to other content
such as that of blogs.
Lord Freeman, chairman of the Lords European Union Committee stated: "Such
an attempt risks damaging the new media industry, which is a vibrant and
important sector of the UK's economy."
The report warned that the Directive might cause production companies
outside of the EU to try and escape the regulation, considering UK would be
one of the main victims of this action.
The Lords committee considers that EU as regulator should not help to
preserve the dominance of the players already established on the market and
does not see the necessity to introduce "quantitative restrictions on
advertising in a market which is now clearly open to competition".
"We are concerned that the identification of some of media services as
'television-like', may lead some to conclude that eventually 'like services'
should be regulated in a 'like-manner', i.e. a perfectly 'level playing
field'," said the report. "If these services are to be included at all we
agree that they must be regulated differently, but the wording and
definitions in the latest versions of the text may encourage the idea that
they can and should be regulated in the same way as television. We would
consider such a move now or in the future to be a grave error."
The EU presidency, presently hold by Germany, expressed its wish to finalise
the Directive by June 2007. The new act should be implemented within 2 years
into the national legislations of the member countries.
Television Without Frontiers - Report with Evidence - House of Lords -
European Union Committee, 3rd Report of Session 2006-07 (23.01.2007)
Lords oppose new media Directive (8.02.2007)
EDRI-gram: New Audiovisual Directive: First Reading in EU Parliament
completed (20.12.2006)
EP Legislative Observatory AVMS Directive file
10. French Court decides on the sequel of Les Miserables
The French Cour de Cassation (the highest Appeal Court in France) has taken
a decision regarding a sequel of the famous French book Les Miserables,
that was contested by one of the descendants of Victor Hugo. The Court
has refused to ban the appearance of the sequel and has taken into
consideration the right of adaptation and not just the moral right of
integrity. However, the procedure is not over yet.
The case started six years ago when the great-great-grandson of Victor
Hugo, Pierre Hugo, considered that two books published and marketed by Plon
publisher as the sequels of the famous "Les Miserables" were breaching
the moral rights of the author.
Victor Hugo's masterpiece is in the public domain, but, under the French
law, the moral rights of the author are considered timeless and are passed
on to descendants.
The Court of Appeal decided in March 2004 that Hugo's heirs were right in
their demands and condemned Plan in paying a symbolic 1 Euro as damages.
The Appeal Court considered that no sequel could be made on such a
masterpiece as Les Miserables, without breaching the moral right of the
author, that thought that his work was complete. However, Plon appealed the
decision to the Cour de Cassation.
The Cour de Cassation has reached a different conclusion. It considered that
a sequel of a work is mainly related with the right of adaptation, which is
one of the limited rights of the author (seventy years after its
death) contrary to the moral rights that are timeless. Since the work is in
the public domain, anyone has the right to write a sequel of that work. A
different opinion would mean the extension of this limited right and a
violation if the freedom to create new works. Therefore the mere writing of
a sequel could not be considered a breach of the moral rights of a work,
irrespective of the work quality.
Consequently, the case was sent back to the Court of Appeal, where
different judges should consider if the twobooks are really infringing the
moral rights of the author.
Les Misirables, sequel or end ? (only in French, 2.02.2007)
Heir of Victor Hugo fails to stop Les Mis II (31.01.2007)
11. Recommended reading
Data Protection Working Party - Opinion 1/2007 on the Green Paper on
Detection Technologies in the Work of Law Enforcement, Customs and other
Security Authorities
12. Agenda
15-16 February 2007, Brussels, Belgium
Scientific Publishing in the European Research Area
Access, Dissemination and Preservation in the Digital Age
19-23 February 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Third Session
18-20 February 2007, Salamanca, Spain
International Association for Development of the
Information Society Web Based Communities 2007 Conference
22 February 2007, Amsterdam, Netherlands
The Future of Ambient Intelligence
13-14 March 2007 Brussels, Belgium
The EU RFID Forum 2007
16 March 2007, Hannover, Germany
European Commission conference on Mobile TV at CeBIT
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007)
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-02-28 19:13:25
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.4, 28 February 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.4, 28 February 2007
1. From Schengen to Pr|m: Data Protection under 3rd pillar a prerequisite
2. Censorship in Belarusian Internet cafes
3. EPLA found illegal by the EP Legal Service
4. Russian court dismisses piracy case as "trivial"
5. 24 proposals approved by the WIPO PCDA
6. DRM debate continues in Europe
7. Increased Europol powers need increased data protection policies
8. E-voting in Estonia for parliamentary elections
9. ENDitorial : EU nations scolded by IIPA
10. Recommended reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. From Schengen to Pr|m: Data Protection under 3rd pillar a prerequisite
One of the main priorities of the current German presidency, the
inclusion of the Pr|m's Treaty into the EU legal framework, is likely
to be achieved before its end in 30 June 2007. During its last
meeting on 15 February the EU JHA Council agreed on incorporating
into EU legislation most of the Treaty provisions falling into the
third pillar.
This decision will create the largest pan-European network of police
database, including DNA profiles, fingerprints and other personal and
non personal data. Originally signed in May 2005 by seven EU
countries (Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg, The
Netherlands and Spain), later joined by nine others member States
(Bulgaria, Finland, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia,
Slovenia, and Sweden have announced their intention to adhere), the
Treaty has been designed under the lead of French-German cooperation
in view of "combating terrorism, cross-border crime, and illegal
immigration". The Treaty has been ratified up to now by Austria,
Germany, Luxembourg, Spain, while the French Senate adopted on 21 February a
draft ratification law.
The Treaty provisions have already been used by Germany and Austria
to check their national DNA databases against each other. Although
the Treaty future incorporation into the EU legal framework would, at
least partly, answer the main criticism of creating a hierarchy
within the EU and of circumventing the Parliament, major concerns
remain, like the assimilation of illegal migrants to terrorists,
which - to say the least - questions the principle of proportionality.
Another major concern is obviously privacy and data protection. While
mutual access to databases and exchange of information to better
fight crime and terrorism is not, in principle, illegitimate in a
regional space like the EU, making this space a true area of
"Justice, Freedom and Security" needs solid prerequisites both at the
national and at the EU level.
At the national level, police databases are endlessly growing in
member States, containing more and more very sensitive information,
especially biometric data. They are no more restricted to identifying
criminals, but are now extended to the average citizen, allowing the mapping
of their daily activities, communications and movements. They are also
characterized by high error rates, due to both fault rates intrinsic to the
used technologies and to the lack of police database updates, inter alia in
accordance with judicial outcomes of the recorded cases. Sharing such files
among 27 countries would certainly increase not only massive surveillance
but also the risk of flaws endangering innocents.
At the EU level, current legislation protecting privacy and personal
data protection has little, if any, application at the third pillar
level, while EU-level information systems in this field are
broadening. Discussions have started on a Commission proposal of a
Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data
processed in the framework of police and judicial co-operation in
criminal matters (DPFD). However the numerous reports of the
Council's Multidisciplinary Group on Organised Crime have seriously
lowered the originally proposed level of protection, taking no
account of the Parliament and the European Data Protection Supervisor
opinions. The DPFD good proceedings have in addition been greatly
hampered by the lack of agreement between member States, to the
extent that the German presidency asked the Commission to prepare a
revised proposal. While the resulting level of protection of European
citizens' personal data is subject to future DPFD developments, a
bottom line should reasonably be that the DPFD be adopted prior to
any further development in cross-border data exchange, most notably
before the incorporation of the Pr|m's Treaty provisions into the EU
EU JHA Council Press Release (15.02.2007)
Text of the Pr|m's Treaty (27.05.2005)
Center for European Policy Studies. "Security and the Two-Level Game:
The Treaty of Pr|m, the EU and the Management of Threats" (2006)
Statewatch updated observatory of DPFD proceedings
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS)
2. Censorship in Belarusian Internet cafes
The Belarusian Council of Ministers adopted on 10 February 2007 a new act on
the Regulations on Functioning of the Computer Clubs and Internet Cafes that
will impose new censorship rules on all the persons that use the public
Internet access points.
According to the new regulations, Internet cafe owners or their authorized
agents must keep an electronic registry of the domain names of the sites
accessed by users. The electronic log should contain at least a 12-month
history of all connections. State Security agents, police or state control
inspectors are authorized to review the log in the cases listed by the
In cases of suspicion of infringement of this law, the Internet cafe
management should inform the law enforcement bodies about such events.
The computer clubs and Internet cafes are not allowed to use programs
propagating the cult of violence, cruelty and pornography, or disseminate
banned information.
The Belarusian Government has very easy ways to regulate the Internet
activity within the country, since the only Internet provider is the
governmental Beltelecom organization, according to Reporters Without
Belarusian government adopts regulations on computer clubs and internet
cafes (15.02.2007)
Byelorussia tightens control over internet (15.02.2007)
(Thanks to Mikhail Doroshevich - e-belarus.org)
3. EPLA found illegal by the EP Legal Service
The Legal Service which advises the European Parliament (EP) on legal issues
and acts as its representative in court, found the Patent Litigation
Agreement  (EPLA) as illegal being in direct contradictions with the
European law and several EU treaties.
The very controversial EPLA, if adopted, would bind the signatory states to
a common legal system for patent disputes, including procedural rules and a
European Patent Court that would supersede national courts.
The critics of the proposal have expressed concern that such a system would
make the patent awarding more expensive and less accountable.
In October 2006, MEPs voted to postpone any decision on approving EPLA, and
called for "significant improvements" to the text. EP has also asked from
its Legal Service to give its advice on the possible overlap between the
EPLA and the acquis communautaire.
The EP Legal Service concluded that EPLA provisions are in direct conflict
with the EC Treaty which says that: "member states undertake not to
submit a dispute concerning the interpretation or application of this Treaty
to any method of settlement other than those provided for therein," meaning
that disputes between EU member states on matters of EU law should be
resolved exclusively by the European Court of Justice.
In contradiction to this provision, Article 98 of the proposed EPLA says:
"any dispute between Contracting States concerning the interpretation or
application of this Agreement which is not settled by negotiation shall be
submitted, at the request of one of the States concerned, to the
Administrative Committee, which shall endeavour to bring about agreements
between the states concerned"
The Legal Service opinion says that member states are not allowed to make an
agreement between themselves concerning issues covered by EU laws and
treaties, especially when such agreements could affect relations with
countries outside the EU.
"Where common rules have been adopted, the member states of the European
Community no longer have the right, acting individually or even
collectively, to undertake obligations with non-member countries which
affect those rules".
According to the Legal Service, the EPLA is also in contradiction with IPRED
Directive (Directive 2004/48/EC) already dealing with intellectual property.
"Not only would EPLA govern matters already dealt with by this Directive,
but there are also contradictions between the two instruments on a number of
The conclusion of the EP Legal Service is that EPLA is not valid: "The
Community's competence is exclusive for the matters governed by EPLA and
Member States therefore are not entitled on their own to conclude that
European Parliament blocks patent agreement (15.02.2007)
European Parliament's Legal Service Says EPLA Is Illegal (21.02.07)
Rough Weather Ahead For EPLA (11.02.2007)
EDRI-gram: The European Parliament ready to vote on EPLA (11.10.2006)
EDRI-gram: ENDitorial - Regulating the Patent Industry (25.10.2006)
4. Russian court dismisses piracy case as "trivial"
A Russian court has dismissed a penal case against a Russian teacher,
Alexander Ponosov, that bought computers for its school with unauthorized
Microsoft programs. The case become well-known when the former Soviet
president Gorbachev made a public appeal to Bill Gates, asking to intervene
in this case.
Ponosov was charged in a penal case by the Russian prosecutors of copyright
law violations, considering that it had caused damages of 7 600 euros. The
maximum sentence forseen by the Russian copyright law for this major
violation is five-year inprisonment. The Russian teacher (but also
principal) of a small town in the Ural Mountains was found to have bought 12
computers with unauthorized Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office.
The case become notorious in Russia and worldwide when Gorbachev's
foundation made a open letter to Bill Gates asking him to intervene in this
case :
"A teacher, who has dedicated his life to the education of children and who
receives a modest salary that does not bear comparison with the salaries of
even regular staff in your company, is threatened with detention in Siberian
prison camps."
The case was condemned also by Vladimir Putin, president of Russia, that
said : "To grab someone for buying a computer somewhere and start
threatening him with prison is complete nonsense, simply ridiculous. The law
recognizes the concept of someone who purchased the product in good faith."
However, Microsoft refused to intervene in this case and stated that they
were sure that the Russian courts would "make a fair decision. Mr Ponosov's
case is a criminal case and as such was initiated and investigated by the
public prosecutor's office."
The Vereshchaginsky District Court dismissed the case on 15 February
2007 due to the "insignificant degree of the damage" caused to Microsoft,
considering it as "trivial". However, the state prosecutors said they might
appeal the decision since the term "insignificant degree of damage" does not
exist in the Russian Criminal Code. Also, Posonov wanted an appeal since he
was not found not guilty.
Russia is still listed by BSA in the top 10 of worst offending countries for
counterfeit software. The Russian authorities admit they have
a problem, but also put part of the blame on the large software vendors for
their restrictive and expensive licensing policies. The Russian deputy IT
minister, Dmitry Milovantsev, pointed to the Microsoft policy of not
allowing partners to sell computers without copies of Windows pre-installed
in Russia.
Court smack down for Russian piracy epic (15.02.2007)
Russia attacks Microsoft licensing costs (19.02.2007)
Ponosov case to be reopened ? (26.02.2007)
5. 24 proposals approved by the WIPO PCDA
During a special session between 19-23 February 2007, the Provisional
Committee on Proposals Related to a World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO) Development Agenda (PCDA) approved some proposals meant to improve
the development of the organization.
The proposal for a WIPO Development Agenda started in 2004 with Argentina
and Brazil which has been formally supported by 13 other Friends of
Development since then.
Forty proposals of a total of 111 produced during the last two years,
gathered on subject matter groupings referred to as "clusters," were
negotiated, resulting at the end of the session in 24 agreed proposals.
The agreed proposals include technical assistance approaches and
assessments, evaluation and impact studies. They support participatory
rulemaking within WIPO and a mild reform of WIPO's mandate and governance.
Some refer to the expansion of WIPO's involvement in IT&C technologies and
access to knowledge and some to the preservation and study of the public
domain, one of the most controversial subjects of the session.
One of the proposal approved was the approach by WIPO of "intellectual
property enforcement in the context of broader societal interests and
especially development-oriented concerns", with a view that "the protection
and enforcement of intellectual property rights should contribute to the
promotion of technological innovation and to the transfer and dissemination
of technology, to the mutual advantage of producers and users of
technological knowledge and in a manner conducive to social and economic
welfare, and to a balance of rights and obligations".
The next and final PCDA meeting for this year will be held in June 2007 when
the rest of 71 proposals will be discussed. Participants consider it will be
more difficult to reach an agreement on the remaining proposals as they
involve bigger reform issues such as the one related to WIPO's legislative
advice to developing and least-developed countries. The outcomes from both
sessions will be correlated and passed on to the WIPO General Assembly which
will decide on how to proceed at its annual meeting in September 2007.
Text-Based Negotiations On A WIPO Development Agenda Pick Up Pace
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda
Third Session, February 19-23, 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO Committee Approves Proposals For Development Agenda (23.02.2007)
Member States make significant headway in work on a WIPO Development Agenda
6. DRM debate continues in Europe
On 19 February 2007, the UK Government rejected an online petition initiated
by blogger Neil Holmes and signed by 1,414 people asking for the
interdiction of DRM (Digital Rights Management), arguing DRM systems deprive
the consumers of their freedom of choice between competing products for CDs
or digital download.
The UK government rejected the petition answering that DRM could bring value
to consumers as it did not only act as a protection system but "also enables
content companies to offer the consumer unprecedented choice in terms of how
they consume content, and the corresponding price they wish to pay".
As regarding the rights of the consumers, the UK government considers that
"It is reasonable for consumers to be informed what is actually being
offered for sale, for example, and how and where the purchaser will be able
to use the product, and any restrictions applied".
The DRM question continues to be a hot debate in Europe. Becky Hogge,
executive director at the UK Open Rights Group, thinks "DRM had been seen in
the past as a niche technology issue, but there is now rising consumer
awareness about it". She also stated that some DRM technologies place
restrictions that infringe the users' rights according to the U.K. copyright
law. "DRM attempts to enforce copyright, but it does it badly," said Hogge.
Germany's Federal Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection,
together with consumer organizations have drawn up a "Charter for Consumer
Sovereignty in the Digital World," calling on operators of Web music shops
such as Apple to open up their closed systems. The charter draft is said to
be presented in March 2007 at a conference of European consumer protection
The earlier plans of some music labels to provide music without DRM could be
with no real consequences since recently EMI broken off talks about offering
DRM-free music via the downloading services. One of the reasons was
apparently the large upfront payments requested by EMO from the online
U.K. government rejects calls for DRM ban (20.02.2007)
Apple & Co. threatened with opening clauses for online music shop DRM
EMI: DRM stays (26.02.2007)
EDRI-gram: iTunes under continuous attack in Europe (31.01.2007)
EDRI-gram : Is DRM fading out ? (17.01.2007)
7. Increased Europol powers need increased data protection policies
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) considers that
the changes on the legal basis of Europe's police (Europol) proposed by the
European Parliament meant to increase its powers have to be accompanied by
proper data protection rules.
The European Parliament has proposed changes that would increase Europol
powers in order to fight radical Islamic terrorism, considered as the
highest threat to the security in Europe.
The EDPS thinks that, before increasing these powers, Europol data
protection policies and data exchange rules should be more consistent and
"We have to make sure that exchange with other EU bodies, such as OLAF (the
European Anti Fraud Agency), will be based on a consistent level of data
protection and good co-operation in supervision," said Hustinx.
Some of his recommendations were that specific conditions and limitations
should be included in the decision regarding information obtained from
private parties, to ensure the accuracy of these data. Strict conditions and
guarantees should be applied in cases of interoperability with other
processing systems.
He also recommended that data processing should be limited to the relevance
assessment for personal data for which the relevance has not been assessed
and that safeguards should be provided for the access to data of people with
no criminal records.
"Computerised access and retrieval of data from other national and
international information systems should be allowed only on a case by case
basis, under strict conditions." Hustinx advised.
He also believes that if Europol gets involved in pan-European data sharing,
guarantees must be provided on the independence of its data protection
officer who is responsible for Europol's lawful data processing.
The EDPS ended his statement by stating he would himself "oversee any
information transfer to Europol from European Commission institutions".
New Europol powers need new protection, says watchdog (22.02.2007)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal for a
Council Decision establishing the European Police Office (16.02.2007)
8. E-voting in Estonia for parliamentary elections
Estonia is the first nation in the world that will allow voting via the
Internet during its elections for the Parliament (Riigikogu). The voting
will take place on 4 March 2007, but the electronic vote will be cast from
26 February at 9 AM until 28 February 8 PM.
The system was tested first in the limited local elections in October 2005,
when almost 10 000 people voted via the Internet. The number of Internet
voters for these elections is estimated to increase to 20-40 000 voters, out
of the 940 000.
The system for Internet voting is based on the mandatory state-issued ID
card, that includes an electronic chip. The ID card can be used by
introducing it in a reader attached to a computer and using 2 passwords. The
reader is commercially available for prices from 6.37 to 12.73 euros.
The Estonian people already use their ID cards to sign electronic
documents or access online banking solutions. It is estimated that almost
one million ID cards with electronic chips are in use, in a country with 1.3
million inhabitants.
The ballot will be scrutinized by an OSCE election assessment mission, that
includes several Internet voting experts that will follow the e-voting
Surprisingly, the OSCE mission includes an expert from the Netherlands that
might have links with SDU, the e-voting system of which was banned from the
last Dutch election.
Estonians will be first to allow Internet votes in national election
Assessment of parliamentary elections in Estonia
Estonian National Electoral Committee
Page for Electronic Voting for Estonian Parliamentary elections
Electronic voting in Estonia
EDRI-gram: European e-voting machines cracked by Dutch group (11.10.2006)
9. ENDitorial : EU nations scolded by IIPA
The International Intellectual Property Alliance (IIPA), a lobby
group representing the American publishing, software, recording and
movie industries, has been busy. On 12 February IIPA published its
recommendations to the US Trade Representative's 2007 review of
global copyright laws. This "Special 301" procedure can lead to
significant trade sanctions against countries that are judged to be
uncooperative in the US drive for ever stronger intellectual property
rights. It has been used over the last two decades to bully
developing nations into signing quite inappropriate IP agreements
such as the World Trade Organisation's TRIPS and "TRIPS plus" Free
Trade Agreements with the US.
IIPA identifies a long list of nations that it considers to be
placing social goals such as fighting major crime, improving
education and protecting privacy above the profits of its members. As
Michael Geist points out, they include 23 of the world's 30 most
populous nations. Embarrassingly, while the list includes many
leading economies such as Canada and Japan, it leaves out EU nations
including the UK, France and Germany.
To their credit, ten EU nations are included in IIPA's hit list,
which makes some extraordinary demands.  Greece is told that
immigrant street vendors involved in copyright infringement should be
deported and that tax authorities should audit software licences for
all firms. Bulgaria, Hungary and Romania are scolded for
concentrating police, prosecutor and judicial attention on their
societies' most pressing problems rather than on cases of copyright
infringement, while Latvia is warned that it must fully staff its new
IPR enforcement police division.  Lithuania and Poland are also
instructed to increase Customs operations against the import of
infringing goods. Italy, Greece, Poland and Sweden are criticised for
privacy laws that prevent ISPs disclosing the identity of their
customers to right holders based upon an Internet Protocol address.
Sweden is admonished for "society's high acceptance of filesharing"
and its "notoriety as a piracy safe haven" - and yet right holders
are "deeply concerned" about discussion of a compulsory licence to
provide artists with compensation for filesharing.  Poland's
universities and lecturers are instructed to "cultivate a climate of
respect for copyright" amongst their students, and Hungary told to
"closely monitor" its high-speed academic network for copyright
infringement. Spain's prosecutors, judges and law students apparently
need some re-education in the value of intellectual property rights,
while the Spanish government is ordered to reverse the "stunning"
decision of the General Public Prosecutor that his staff have more
pressing concerns than the criminal prosecution of peer-to-peer
One of IIPA's most consistent complaints is about the protection
given by European countries to anti-copying Digital Rights Management
technology. IIPA wrongly claims that the World Intellectual Property
Organisation's Internet treaties require countries to implement US-
style rigid protection of DRM . They criticise countries including
Italy, Romania, Sweden and Poland for implementing the EU Copyright
Directive in a way that gives their citizens some flexibility over
breaking these locks when copyright law allows. Canada, Hong Kong,
India, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Switzerland and South
Korea are also criticised for their DRM laws.
It is not surprising that US companies lobby to change global laws
that would increase their profits. On past performance, the US
government is likely to take careful note of their recommendations.
But European nations should robustly defend their right to shape
copyright policy to meet the needs of their own citizens, and not
just those of large copyright holders.
IIPA - Recommendations on 60 countries to USTR in the 2007 Special 301
review on copyright piracy and market access problems (12.02.2007)
Peter Drahos and John Braithwaite, "Information Feudalism" -New York: W. W.
Norton & Co., 2002.
Michael Geist - "In Good Company'" (14.02.2007)
Ian Brown - "The evolution of anti-circumvention law" - International Review
of Law, Computers and Technology 20(3), 239-260.
Urs Gasser and Silke Ernst, "Best Practice Guide: Implementing the EU
Copyright Directive in the Digital Age"  (12.2006)
(contribution by Ian Brown - EDRI-member Open Rights Group)
10. Recommended reading
Ross Anderson -  "The Economics of Information Security: A Survey and Open
Statewatch analysis: The dream of total data collection - status quo and
future plans for EU information systems
11. Agenda
13-14 March 2007 Brussels, Belgium
The EU RFID Forum 2007
16 March 2007, Hannover, Germany
European Commission conference on Mobile TV at CeBIT
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007)
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-17 21:35:22
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter  - Number 5.1, 17 January 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
   Number 5.1, 17 January 2007
1. EDRI signs the Joint Statement for SCCR 1st Special Session
2. Copyright extension term rejected by EU commissioned report
3. EU knew about the US's system profiling all visitors
4. Is DRM fading out ?
5. New Italian law to block child pornography websites
6. Millions of credit cards scrutinized in Germany
7. Sony loses DRM case in France
8. Changes in the UK ID card scheme
9. Prison or fine for French p2p users ?
10. Recommanded Reading
11. Support EDRI-gram
12. Agenda
13. About
1. EDRI signs the Joint Statement for SCCR 1st Special Session
Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights' (SCCR) Special Session
is taking place right now at Geneva. The meeting (and another in June 2007)
aims to fix the proposed Broadcast Treaty so that it could be ratified by
the end of  this year in a diplomatic conference. If no consensus is found
on the content, there will be no conference and - most likely - no treaty at
EDRI is participating to the meetings together with other NGOs (EFF, CPTech,
IP-justice etc) as an observer. The organizations have prepared together a
joint statement ", which is also endorsed by a large number of technology
companies and which main message is that nobody has been able to argue why a
treaty is needed at all.
However, in the spirit of constructive engagement if the treaty is to
be moved forward in any form, the statement provides with least
minimum requirements, at both the principle and the practical
language level, notwithstanding more comprehensive specific proposals
by some of the signatories. Of major importance is the first of these
"We believe that the current rights-based approach of the treaty must
be abandoned entirely.  We understand that some parties to these
negotiations have equated 'signal protection' with granting 'rights
to prohibit' certain uses of broadcasts. We believe that rights in
any form are not signal protection, or signal-based protection, and
we cannot support their inclusion in any potential new Instrument in
connection with Broadcasting."
EDRI is also particularly concerned with the possibility that the
draft treaty proposal allows for control over Internet
retransmissions of broadcasts and cablecasts. As demonstrated at
previous occasions, the power of such statements lay in the coalition
of diverse industry and NGOs that sign up, even though not optimal
from each signatory, including EDRI, point of view. It remains that
the core message EDRI wants to convey with its endorsement is that
there should be no additional layer of rights for broadcasting
organizations and that the statement opposes the treaty applications
to the Internet, in case the text continues to take a rights-based
approach rather than a signal theft or signal protection approach.
The meeting will end at Friday and a more detailed report will be
found from the next EDRI-gram.
Joint Statement of Certain Civil Society, Private Sector and Rightsholders
Representatives for the First Special Session of the SCCR
Wipo Casting Treaty Blog
Meeting Documents - SCCR 1st Special Session
EDRI-gram: The broadcast treaty stalled by WIPO General Assembly
( Thanks to Ville Oksanen - EDRI-member Electronic Frontier Finland )
2. Copyright extension term rejected by EU commissioned report
The Recasting of Copyright & Related Rights for the Knowledge Economy is a
new study commissioned by the European Union and produced by the Institute
for Information Law - University of Amsterdam. The report covers an
extensive ground in the EU copyright domain taking into consideration the
problems of harmonization in the copyright field, but also the new
challenges and debates regarding the extension of the copyright term for
sound recordings or consumer awareness and acceptance of copyright.
The report is strongly rejecting the music industry's call for the extension
of the term for neighbouring rights:
"The authors of this study are not convinced by the arguments made in favour
of a term extension. The term of protection currently laid down in the Term
Directive (50 years) is already well above the minimum standard of the Rome
Convention (20 years), and substantially longer than the terms that
previously existed in many Member States.(...)
An examination of the underpinnings of existing neighbouring rights regimes
does not lend support to claims for term extension. Whereas copyright
(author's right) protects creative authorship, the rights of phonogram
producers are meant to protect economic investment in producing sound
The market dominance of the 'majors' is an economic factor to be taken into
consideration. A term extension would in all likelihood strengthen and
prolong this market dominance to the detriment of free competition."
The EU report is confirming what other national reports have already pointed
out. During the similar UK debate, the report commissioned by the Gowers
review on the economic evidence on copyright term extension showed that it
was "very likely that a term extension of the type under consideration would
cause a net welfare loss to society" and estimated the loss to 155
million pounds per year.
The Minister for Science and Innovation, Malcolm Wicks, has announced that
it will be leaving the question of copyright term extension in
sound recordings to the European Commission.
The same EU study finds that "An assessment of the acceptance of copyright
by the general public is more difficult to make. For this purpose empirical
data on p2p file sharing and software sharing were analysed as 'indicators
by proxy'. These surveys make clear that unauthorised use and distribution
is the norm for approximately 50 per cent of the populations concerned."
Regarding the results of the harmonization process, the report states that
it "has produced mixed results at great expense, and its beneficial effects
on the Internal Market remain largely unproven and are limited at best" and
also "advises the EC legislature not to undertake any new initiatives at
harmonisation, except where a clear need for amendment of the existing
acquis can be demonstrated."
The Recasting of Copyright & Related Rights for the Knowledge Economy
Executive Summary
UK will leave question of term extension to EU (11.01.2007)
3. EU knew about the US's system profiling all visitors
New controversial issues appear in the case of Passanger Name Record (PNR)
deal with US that show the level of privacy from the US authorities is very
far from the European standards. As Statewatch revealed, the EU Council
Presidency admitted that the Council of the European Union and the European
Commission had known about the US's "Automated Targeting System" (ATS)
profiling all visitors.
The issue has become critical after the Homeland Security Department (DHS)
posted a Notice on the Federal Register in November 2006 showing that PNR
data on travellers from the EU are included in the ATS used by DHS Customs
and Border Protection (CBP) branch.
ATS is a system that U.S. has used for some years to assess risks to
transport. Until August 2006 the system was believed to target cargo
shipments. However the DHS notice of November revealed the fact that CBP was
using this system to target passengers as well, using, collecting and
storing PNR data received from airlines databases.
The system creates a risk assessment score and it is not limited to fighting
terrorism and crime. Moreover the data is preserved for a 40 year period and
can be shared with other US Government organizations and foreign governments
or organizations.
ATS system not only violates US Congressional prohibitions on passenger
risk-assessment schemes ignoring the privacy rights of the US citizens but
also the right of citizens all over the world.
According to the agreement reached between EU and the US Government in 2004
the transfer of data was allowed with some safeguards, including 3.5 year
period of retention and some rights of access by European citizens to
correct their data. The US Government promised to use the data only to fight
terrorism and organised crime and not to share these data with other
agencies or for risk-assessment scoring.
The concerns of data protection organisations and bodies come from the fact
that US has shown to have constantly broken the agreement. As ATS uses PNR
received from EU carriers, CBP uses the data for the profiling of risk
assessments although the agreement was only for the verification of the data
people on a watch-list. The data are preserved for 40 years for risk
assessment profiling purposes which obviously exceeds by far the 3.5 year
period established in the agreement or the case-to-case provision for a
person suspected of terrorism.
The data is not only used to combat terrorism or organized crime as agreed
but also for general law enforcement purposes and the safeguards imposed by
the agreement, including the right to correct data by the European citizens,
are not observed.
Although the Finnish Presidency of EU claims to have made all the efforts in
reaching a political consensus on the promotion of the Framework Decision on
data protection and in increasing the safeguards for data protection, it has
also come out that the Council of Europe and the European Commission had
been aware of the existence of ATS since 2005. The Finnish Presidency stated
it had sent an official enquiry to the US authorities to clarify the ATS
relation to the PNR agreement but data protection advocates show strong
reserves to whether the EU will be able to negotiate efficiently in this
"The EU Presidency statement that the Council and Commission have known
about the ATS for over a year is quite extraordinary. During this period
they renegotiated the EU-USA PNR agreement claiming it was on the same terms
as that agreed in 2004 when they clearly knew it was not. The Council and
the Commission knew about it but did nothing until the existence of the ATS
was made public and now they have asked for clarification" stated Tony
Bunyan, Statewatch editor.
The past history on this issue has shown that the US Government has not
observed the agreement and that EU has continuously weakened its demands
related to data protection safeguards.
Privacy International and the American Civil Liberties Union have called for
the repeal of the EU-US agreement on PNR data transfers by appealing to the
Council of the European Union, the European Commission, the European
Parliament, and privacy commissioners in 31 countries across Europe.
Address to the European Parliament by Minister for European Affairs Paula
Lehtomaki on Data Protection (12.12.2006)
PI and ACLU call for repeal of EU-US agreement on data transfers
4. Is DRM fading out?
2007 has started with news showing the fading away of the
DRM systems that have created many problems with consumers and
interoperability without having clear results in the actions against illegal
Thus, one of the biggest record companies, EMI, has announced at the
beginning of the 2007 that it will no longer produce DRM protected CDs. EMI
considered that the technology was not efficient enough for the CDs.
However, the decision was limited to the classical CDs and was not related
to the distribution of online music in an MP3 format.
But the major record companies have started a serious discussion regarding
also selling music online with DRMs. It is expected that in 2007 the music
industry revenues from Internet downloads and mobile content stop their
increase and possibly even decline. However, the number of Internet users is
increasing and it is very possible for people in the industry to "have a
very different conversation in January when the dust clears and they realize
just how bad this year really was" as Eric Garland, CEO of peer-to-peer
(P2P) tracking firm BigChampagne points out.
Major brands in the Internet industry, such as Amazon or Myspace, are
discussing with the record companies for new business models, where music
could be sold without embedded DRM.
In France the plans for selling music online without DRMs seem more
advanced. VirginMusic has announced that in 2007 it will sell over 200 000
music files in an MP3 format with no copy-protection system, that could be
played on any kind of music software. FnacMusic says it will start a similar
system on 17 January 2007, when 150 000 music files will be offered to the
public, with more files to be added in the next months. Other record
companies have announced their intentions to have the same approach in the
future months.
EMI abandons CD DRM (8.01.2007)
Ailing music biz set to relax digital restrictions (2.01.2007)
One major should announce abandoning the DRMs (only in French, 3.01.2007)
FnacMusic starts selling DRM free MP3s (only in French,
5. New Italian law to block child pornography websites
At the beginning of 2007 a ministerial decree was signed by Communications
Minister Paolo Gentiloni that obliges Internet Service Providers to block
child pornography sites within 6 hours from being announced to do so.
The body that has the responsibility to notify the ISPs on the sites that
must be blocked will be "Centro nazionale per il contrasto della
pedopornografia" (The National Centre against Child Pornography),
coordinated by the Post Police under the supervision of the Ministry of
Communications. The Centre has to create and update a list of sites
considered as containing child pornography and keep informed those
responsible by notifying the ISPs.
The notifying procedure will be established within the Ministry of
Communications but the filtering systems that the ISPs are supposed to use
in order to block the sites have not been determined. The decree will oblige
ISPs to study and find the technical system to comply with the law starting
with 1 March 2007, when it enters into force.
Italy's penal code stipulates severe punishments for the distribution and
publication of child pornography. According to minister Paolo Gentiloni.
"The decree reinforces the fight against child pornography and the
exploitation of minors through the Internet".
The decree has been well received by many bodies including the Ministry of
Family, the Osservatorio sui diritti dei Minori (Children Rights
Observatory), Osservatorio sociale (Social Observatory) or Save the
Children organisation. While appreciating the introduction of the law, some
stated the measure is not enough to stop child abuse and argued on behalf of
international measures.
According to EDRI-member ALCEI this measure comes as a worsening of the
censure situation in Italy, as such kind of legal provisions have not proven
efficient in the past in protecting children and stopping child abuse or
preventing any kind of violence for that matter. However this paves the way
for more censorship that might be applied to other types of information that
may be considered forbidden.
Paolo Nuti, Vice-president of Association of Italian Internet Providers
signalled certain problems that the application of the decree might cause.
Blocking a certain IP address may lead to blocking not only the site in view
but other related sites that might have nothing to do with child
Italy enacts law to block child porn Web sites (only in Italian, 2.01.2006)
Italy will block many other sites (4.01.2006)
"Gentiloni Decree" opposes pedopornography - ALCEI release of 10 January
2007 (only in Italian, 10.01.2006)
6. Millions of credit cards scrutinized in Germany
During an operation carried out by the German police, prosecuting
authorities and State Office of Criminal Investigation (LKA) of the federal
state of Saxony-Anhalt millions of credit card transactions were scrutinized
in September 2006.
A spokesman from LKA stated that indeed a large amount of credit cards were
verified although he could not confirm the number of 22 millions for 2006.
But he stated that approx. 22 million credit cards were scrutinized in 2005.
According to Der Spiegel, an individual offered online information to the
police directing the agents of Zentralstelle gegen Kinderpornografie
(Central Office for Combating Child Pornography) in Halle to a suspicious
Internet site offering child pornographic material. For a period of 20 days,
the amount of about 60 euro payable by credit card was asked to customers
for the access to the site. The credit cards companies were asked to give
information on whom transferred that amount of money to a suspicious bank
account abroad, over that period of time. It seems that all credit cards
companies cooperated with the police.
DAV (German Bar Association) has expressed its concern related to this
action and decided to examine closely the legal ramifications of this new
criminal investigation approach as Hartmut Kilger, DAV President told
Reutlinger General-Anzeiger. "Voluntarily handing over such data to the
authorities is dubious behavior, because what it amounts to is the
outsourcing of profiling-type data trawling operations to private
companies" he stated.
Surprisingly, privacy watchdogs consider this type of approach is providing
no grounds for legal objections. Thilo Weichert, the Data Protection
Commissioner of the federal state of Schleswig-Holstein thinks that banks
are entitled to make credit card information related to suspects available
to the prosecuting authorities, under certain conditions, and remarked that:
"The means applied here boil down to a classical method of criminal
investigation, to which no legal objections can be raised."
Child pornography operation occasions scrutiny of millions of credit card
transactions (9.01.2007)
Lawyers' association criticizes scrutiny of credit card transactions
7. Sony loses DRM case in France
Sony UK and Sony France have lost a case has won a case against The French
consumer protection association UFC Que Choisir  because they did not inform
the consumers about the lack of interoperability of their products and
services to other devices.
The decision taken by the Nanterre Tribunal has found Sony liable for
misleading the consumers by "the fact that Sony did not explicitly and
clearly informed the consumer that the music players sold could read only
the music files downloaded on the only legal site Connect." The decision
also considered that Sony UK had not explicitly stated in its contract that
the music files downloaded from the Connect website could be read only by
the music players dedicated for the Sony trademark.
The tribunal found as well that Sony was responsible for tied selling
(ventee liie) because the 2 separate contracts were closely inter-related:
downloading of music files from the Connect website is subordinated to
buying a dedicated product.
Sony France was obliged by the court to pay 10 000 Euro damages to UFC Que
Choisir and to show on its homepage the judge decision for 3 months. Until
now the court ruling has not been made public by Sony France, that pays 1000
Euro per day for not complying with this part of the decision. Sony can
appeal the decision, but this will not suspend the application of the
present ruling.
This could be just the first step for the French consumers rights
organization, that has started a similar trial against Apple for its
services iPod and iTunes. A decision could be taken by the court during
The decision is one of the first taken after the DADVSI law entered into
force in August 2006. However, the interoperability of the Sony system was
not taken into consideration by the court since the DADVSI law foresees an
Authority for DRMs that should look into this sort of problems. However, the
Authority has not been created yet, because it is still waiting for the
secondary legislation.
Sony condemned for having linked music files to its player ( in
French only, 4.01.2007)
The DRM condemned for cheating and tied selling ( in French only, 5.01.2007)
Decision UFC vs Sony ( in French only, 15.12.2006)
8. Changes in the UK ID card scheme
The initial plan of the UK Government regarding the national ID scheme was
meant to use photographs, fingerprints and iris scans in a National
Identity Register. The Home Office's Strategic Action Plan for the National
Identity Scheme considers now that the iris scans is just an option
and only the ten fingerprints will be taken for each new applicant.
According to Home Office officials, the iris scan was dropped due to the
high costs of this process. They also claimed the decision was also related
"with international obligations, most international countries are using
facial and fingerprint recognition so it is to come in line with that."
However, a return to iris scanning in the future could still be possible.
The UK Government stated in December that the initial-planned single
database National Identity Register would also be dropped. The information
should have been split between 3 existing databases in the Department for
Work and Pensions, Home Office and Identity & Passport Service.
But it seems that the Information Commissioner Richard Thomas' last year
warnings that Britain was "waking up to a surveillance society that is
already all around us" were not enough. This week Tony Blair has announced
again that a single database might be possible and has presented plans to
make it easier for departments to share information.
The reactions to this new announcement were quick to appear. Oliver Heald,
the Conservative constitution affairs spokesman, accused the Government of
"moving one step closer to a Big Brother state with a database from the
cradle to the grave."
Civil society group NO2ID accused the government of outright deception. Phil
Booth, NO2ID's National Coordinator said: "NO2ID's warnings
about the database state are coming true. Mr Blair doesn't trust us, but he
expects us to put absolute trust in all government departments. By tearing
down the fundamental safeguard of confidentiality, he intends to give them
all the right to talk about us behind our backs, which means more power to
intervene in our lives when it suits them".
Government drops iris scan plan (8.01.2007)
Government now can't be trusted with personal details, says NO2ID
Blair wants Whitehall to share your data (16.01.2007)
9. Prison or fine for French p2p users ?
The French Minister of Culture, Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres, considered in
December 2006 that there should be no prison for those downloading only a
few works from the Internet. However, just a couple of weeks after this
statement an Internet user was condemned by a French court to imprisonment
for having downloaded movies from the Internet.
"Prison for Internet users is over" was the statement of the Minister of
Howeve, on 11 January 2007 in Nantes, an Internet user was sentenced to two
months of imprisonment and payment of damages - 10 euro/film to SEV (Video
Editor Union) and the national film federation.
As a clarification to the DADVSI law, a letter from the Ministry of Justice
was to be issued to all prosecutors to adapt their judgements on the basis
of the severity of the copyright infringement in order to avoid imprisonment
for little P2P pirates and apply this punishment only to severe crimes. So
far, this seems to be ignored by French prosecutors.
The little pirates will not go to jail (only in French, 26.12.2006)
Prison for Internet users is really not over ! (only in French, 12.01.2007)
10. Recommanded Reading
Study on the Economic impact of open source software on
innovation and the competitiveness of the Information and Communication
Technologies (ICT) sector in the EU. Final Report. (20.11.2006)
11. Support EDRI-gram
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights
in the EU.
Thanks to your last years donations EDRi has been able to issue 24 editions
of EDRi-gram in 2006. To continue with EDRi-gram we again ask
for your support.
If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making
a private donation, or interest your organisation in sponsorship. We
will gladly send you a confirmation for any amount above 250 euro.
KBC Bank Auderghem-Centre, Chaussee de Wavre 1662, 1160 Bruxelles,
Name: European Digital Rights Asbl
Bank account nr.: 733-0215021-02
IBAN: BE32 7330 2150 2102
BIC: KREDBEBB
12. Agenda
17-19 January 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights
(SCCR): First Session
20 January 2007, Paris, France
Big Brother Awards France
24 January 2007, Brussels, Belgium
Towards a new European Patent System
28 January 2007, Europe-wide
Data Protection Day: An initiative of the Council of Europe with the support
of the European Commission
19-23 February 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Third Session
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007). The deadline
for proposals is 20 January 2006
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-31 21:59:59
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.2, 31 January 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.2, 31 January 2007
1. Results of the WIPObs SCCR Special Session 1
2. iTunes under continuous attack in Europe
3. European Commission gets new complaints on Vista
4. Italian Supreme court decision on file-sharing case - nothing new ?!
5. French Big Brother Awards 2006
6. Serbia rejects biometric ID cards
7. Dutch DPA advises negatively on Dutch draft data retention
8. Romanian Prosecutors want easy access to communication data
9. EFFI won a court case about donation-pages in Finland
10. Temporary injunction against RapidShare.de
11. ENDitorial : Constitution by criminalisation
12. Recommended reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Results of the WIPObs SCCR Special Session 1
The broadcast treaty was the only item on the agenda of the three-day
special session of WIPObs standing committee on copyright and related
rights. (SCCR). At the meeting it became clear that no-one really knew
how to proceed with the negotiations. The chairman Jukka Liedes (Finland)
tried to solve the gridlock by distributing several bnon-papersb, which
included a new language for the treaty, which he aimed to be a
bminimalisticb approach to the treaty. This approach did not have too
success as many of the delegates wanted to use the existing documents as the
basis of further negotiations.
was finally a change: an intervention could be made at the plenary session.
In its public address, EDRI strongly opposed any inclusion of technological
protection measures (TPM) into the treaty. The organization also stressed
that if a TPM-clause was to be added anyway, there had to be strong explicit
provisions protecting the interest of the general public, especially with
respect to access to information. Furthermore, EDRI pointed out that the
text that the chairman had proposed would have made all general purpose
computers illegal since they are b with a designed piece of software -
capable of decrypting an encrypted broadcast.
However, the NGOs were sent out from the plenary room for almost a day
as the governments wanted to discuss the matters by themselves.
Apparently the closed session did not really help since after the NGOs
were allowed to go back in, the situation was still as confused as it had
been before.
Manon Ress describes the situation at the end of the meeting in
CPtechbs blog:
b.. The chair did not want "too many to speak" but had to let India make
its statement. Asking for clarification, India describe how the list of
matters did not reflect agreement and was just a list of matters that
have been discussed for years. According to the mandate, only matters
where agreement was reached should be listed.
The plenary ended on that note. People here are puzzled. If you only
point to agreement (on or off the record it seems), the non-conclusions
might end up very very short. Would that mean that this meeting did not
really happen? Like a non-meeting?b
After the non-papers, here come the "non-conclusions" (19.01.2007)
Impasse at WIPO broadcasting negotiations: Our ship is sinking (19.01.2007)
First Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
Blogging the WIPO Broadcasting Treaty: Signal-Based Protection or Rights by
Any Other Name? (19.01.2007)
(Contribution by Ville Oksanen - EDRI-member Electronic Frontier Finland)
2. iTunes under continuous attack in Europe
More consumer protection organizations from across Europe have initiated
complaints against Apple in order to obtain a more friendly end user license
agreement (EULA) for iTunes.
The consumer protectionists are concerned about the interoperability of
purchased music, contractual terms and liability rules. They consider that
iTunes should renegotiate its contracts with the music industry that would
allow customers to play the music they buy, on the devices they choose, by
downloading music from the Internet without DRM systems. They ask from the
sellers to exclude from their EULAs clauses that stipulate that the
agreement provisions may be altered unilaterally without the consumerbs
consent and to eliminate the technical restrictions.
Following a complaint from Forbrukerradet, the Norwegian Consumer Council
against Fairplay DRM system, the Norwegian Consumer Ombudsman BjC8rn Erik
Thon has ruled that iTunes violates Norwaybs consumer law and has set a
deadline for Apple to change its iTunes conditions by 1 October 2007. "If we
form a united front, we will have a stronger hand in negotiations and give
iTunes the support it needs to negotiate better terms with music labels,"
said the Ombudsman.
The Norwegian Consumer Council considers that Apple could license Fairplay
to any manufacturer that wants iTunes songs to play on its equipment,
co-develop an open standard with other companies or abandon DRM entirely.
Taking the example of his Norwegian colleague, the Dutch Consumer Ombudsman
also filed a complaint with the Dutch anti-trust agency as well as with the
new Dutch Consumer Authority (ConsumentenAutoriteit) that will enforce the
European directives on consumer protection. He said that Apple did not
advise the buyers that iTunes software only ran on iPods, which, in his
opinion, was "misleading".
As previously reported by EDRI-gram, after its success in court with
Sony, the French Consumer Association UFC Que Choisir has initiated a
similar procedure against Apple for its services iPod and iTunes. The German
Association of Consumer Protectionists has also raised concerns about the
Apple iTunes service.
Apple has stated lately that it is aware of these issues and willing to
solve them as rapidly as possible and that some negotiations have been
carried out with some individual organizations.
"Apple hopes that European governments will encourage a competitive
environment that lets innovation thrive, protects intellectual property and
allows consumers to decide which products are successful" has been Apple
spokesman Tom Neumayrbs recent statement to AP news agency.
European consumer protection organizations join forces against iTunes
Dutch consumer chief puts Apple through the mill (25.01.2007)
Apple ups the stakes with convergence play (29.01.2007)
Apple DRM illegal in Norway: Ombudsman (24.01.2007)
EDRI-gram: Sony loses DRM case in France (17.01.2007)
3. European Commission gets new complaints on Vista
A group of Microsoftbs rivals has filed a complaint against the
Seattle-based company for using its new product Vista, under release these
days, to unfairly continue and even strengthen its dominant position on the
The group including IBM, Nokia, RealNetworks, Sun Microsystems, Adobe,
Corel, Opera, Oracle, Red Hat and Linspire complained to the European
Commission saying that the computer language used in the Vista software,
called XAML, was "positioned to replace HTML," the standard language used to
publish documents on the Internet. XAML would be dependent on Microsoft
Windows thus discriminating against other systems like Linux. The group also
stated that OOXML, a platform file format that governs the way in which
files are stored and formatted, was designed to run only in the Microsoft
Office software.
Simon Awde, chairman of the European Committee for Interoperable Systems
(ECIS) stated that: "Microsoft has clearly chosen to ignore the fundamental
principles of the Commission's March 2004 decisionb. The respective
was saying that Microsoft had used its market dominant position to force out
RealNetworks and other makers of audio and video streaming software, and
that Microsoft desktop Windows system had on purpose been designed to be
incompatible with other software.
ECIS also stated that "Vista is the first step of Microsoft's strategy to
extend its market dominance to the Internetb and "The end result will be
continued absence of any real consumer choice, years of waiting for
Microsoft to improve - or even debug - its monopoly products and of course
high prices".
On the other hand, Linux considers that Vista could be a good opportunity
for promoting its own operating system, as the new characteristics and the
slightly different feel and look of the software may create disruptions in
the working place when moving from an older Microsoft version to Vista.
While Microsoft, which has challenged the 2004 decision and waits for a
decision by the EU's Court of First Instance, has made no comment on the new
accusations, a spokesman for the European Commission stated that the
complaint made by the competitorsb group was being examined.
Rivals attack Vista as illegal under EU rules (26.01.2007)
Rivals accuse Microsoft before Vista's introduction (26.01.2007)
Rivals accuse Microsoft of bullying tactics (29.01.2007)
EDRI-gram - Microsoft Vista gets criticism before its launching in Europe
4. Italian Supreme court decision on file-sharing case - nothing new
There has been wide reporting, in Italy and internationally, that an
Italian court "ruled not-for-profit file-sharing legal". That statement
is grossly overstated, if not completely wrong. The "dismal" state of
Italian copyright legislation remains, unfortunately, unchanged.
One might argue that the media hype, per se, is an indicator of wider
awareness of how overly strict copyright laws and rules stand in the way of
free expression. In time this might indicate a shift in the public opinion,
and even some hope that legislators and legal courts will be more aware of
the problem. But it would be exaggeratedly optimistic to expect any truly
relevant changes in the next few years.
The decision by Italy's Corte di Cassazione ("Supreme Court") that was
published on 9 January 2007 concerned one specific eight-year old case,
which happened in 1999, when two students in Turin made some copyrighted
materials available for download on a University bulletin board. They were
acquitted because they didn't gain any money by doing so, and therefore
their behaviour was not judged by the Cassazione to be "criminal" (while it
remains a "civil" offence that can be pursued for alleged "damages").
A hideous peculiarity in the Italian law, unfortunately replicated in other
countries, defines the use of unlicensed software, or the unauthorized
copying or sharing of text, music, video etc, as a "criminal" offence. This
has led to countless abuses, including seizures of computers and servers,
website blackouts, and prosecution of people who were not guilty of any
crime - including the famous (infamous) "Italian crackdown" in May 1994,
which was reported internationally as "the largest police seizure of
bulletin board systems in world history" . That case was not based on
censorship, or on any suspected crime, but on the alleged use of
unregistered software.
The law states that copyright violations are to be treated as criminal
if and when they are "for profit" ("a scopo di lucro"). A landmark decision
by a judge in Cagliari in 1996 established that "profit" is generated by
unauthorized selling or trading of copyrighted materials, while personal use
(even for work) cannot be considered a criminal offence. Later
legislation, obviously inspired by major industry lobbies, counteracted that
decision by changing the law to define "profit" as any kind of advantage,
including the savings gained by not paying for copyrighted materials, or any
other personal "satisfaction".
The recent Cassazione ruling is somewhat similar to the Cagliari decision in
1996. It is based on the state of the law as it was in year 2000, when that
particular case was started, before the changes that are now in force and
that make personal use criminal.
Of course it is practically impossible to take all the assumed violations
to court. The instigators of the legislation are counting on scaring by
aggressively persecuting a few people. In that sense, this widely publicized
case could be seen as a momentary setback for the lobbies' propaganda.
The real effect, if any, of this in the practice of law will be impossible
to measure until new cases come to court after the recent Cassazione
decision. And, with the notorious slowness of Italian legal procedures, that
may take several years. As things stand now, it seems unlikely that there
will be any real improvement.
So the hype, in a way, may be welcome, because it exposes the problem. But
it is wrong to report, or assume, that there is any improvement in the state
of the law, and its effects, in Italy. That could even lead to "complacency"
by believing that the problem is solved, while legislation needs to be
substantially changed to really make it a bit more reasonable.
Italian courts have not bruled not-for-profit file-sharing legal"
Italy's Corte di Cassazione decision (only in Italian, 9.01.2007)
(Thanks to EDRI-member ALCEI - Italy)
5. French Big Brother Awards 2006
The French Big Brother Awards event that took place on 20 January 2007 has
brought the exclusion from this competition of Mr. Sarkozy, for having
already won three of the Orwell prizes during the last three years and thus
by far outclassing his competitors.
This year, the jury decided to eliminate Minister Sarkozy, the only
personality having been nominated 6 times in 7 editions of the event, for
multiple attacks to private life and for having actively promoted
surveillance in general.
The organizers of the event, in creating the diplomas for the awards were
inspired by a real picture of a fossil found in Niger in 2000, of the
biggest crocodile that lived 110 million years ago, called by US
palaeontologists, "Sarcosuchus imperator". The specialists considered that
the reptile disappeared completely for not having intelligently foreseen the
future and adapt. The organizers of the French Big Brother Awards considered
that the resemblance with a present character was not fortuitous.
The winner of the State award was Jacques Lebrot, bsecurityb sub-prefect
Seine-St-Denis for having deprived of jobs several thousand of people with
police records created just on the basis of suspicion and discrimination,
violating their right to the presumption of innocence.
Sony-BMG company took the enterprise award for its "rootkit", a spy software
installed in the sold CDs in order to control the usage of the CD,
ironically, by those who had became the rightful owners by buying the
respective CD.
The Locality Orwell prize was given to Paul Anselin, Mayor of PloC+rmel
in Morbihan, for having installed more than 50 video-surveillance cameras in
a locality with 9000 inhabitants and zero degree of delinquency and for the
creation of a green number encouraging denunciations.
Orwell Novlang prize was awarded to FrC)dC)ric PC)chenard, director of the
Judiciary Police who supports the genetic filing of the entire population
arguing that the innocent persons could thus be rid of any suspicion.
For the entire work, the award was won by Minister of Justice Pascal
ClC)ment, who had previously been nominated and awarded in 2004 for being a
strong supporter of the electronic bracelet for delinquents and for having
imposed it retroactively to the sexual delinquents after their liberation.
He won the award for 2006 for his entire work having in view his disrespect
for institutions and human rights and  for his determination to imprison and
The Voltaire prize for vigilance was taken, ex-aequo, by the school
directors who have refused to fill in the children database (Base-eleves)
and by Pierre Muller, the webmaster of Ordinateurs-de-vote.org (ex recul
democratique.org), for his permanent work in showing why the electronic vote
is a false good idea and a threat to democracy.
Big Brother Awards France (only in French, 20.01.2007)
6. Serbia rejects biometric ID cards
A grass-roots campaign in Serbia successfully pressed the Serbian government
to back off on a plan to make biometric data compulsory in the country's new
ID cards.  The decision followed a pitched battle prior to the 21 January
2007 election as opponents criticized the accompanying plan for a
centralized database of citizen information and the taking of fingerprints.
The campaign against the Government plan practically started in December
2004, when the Dveri NGO organized a public debate at the College of
Mechanical Engineering in Belgrade. In March 2005, the Zhicha Bishoprie
of the Serbian Orthodox Church organized a scientific forum, from which a
number of IT professionals, university professors and intellectuals sent a
signed appeal, the so-called Zhicha Appeal (bZicki apelb) to the Serbian
government, asking for a delay in the introduction of the new ID card law
until a public and expert debate could be organized. The Serbian Computer
Science Society (Drustvo za informatiku Srbije) organized a highly visible
public debate in mid-July 2006, with participants from the Serbian Police
Ministry, IT professionals, Serbian Orthodox Church representatives,
sociologists and political scientists, whose conclusions were critical of
the governmentbs scheme.
As the government plowed ahead with its project, the NGO Za zivot bez ziga
(For Life without Stigma) was organized in May 2006, as an umbrella
organization unifying various NGOs and individuals opposed to the scheme.
The NGObs website, became the main mouthpiece of the resistance, becoming a
vehicle for educating the Serbian public on the pros and cons of biometrics,
centralized databases, the coming global surveillance society etc.
But the law on ID cards was adopted by the Serbian Parliament on 14 July
2006. The Interior Ministry suggested that "such ID cards were already
widely used in the European Union" and that the biometric ID would ease the
introduction of government electronic services. Large public outcry
developed over the way the law was passed b without prior public debate b
and a scandal inside the Interior Ministry itself arose from the purchase of
equipment for more than $100 million outside of regular procurement
procedures and a full three years before the law itself came before the
The other government statements were dismantled. "Electronic government
services do not require an ID card at all," insisted Oliver Subotic, a
computer expert and theologian, who has written two books on the ethics of
IT technology and on biometrics. "Accessing e-government services by way of
an ID card is a needless intrusion of privacy. Many European Union countries
have well-developed e-government services without having issued electronic
ID cards at all."
During its bi-annual Holy Assembly of Archpriests in early October 2006, the
Serbian Orthodox Church issued a decision delegating the Holy Synod b its
executive body b to "intervene with the relevant authorities in order to
prevent the recently-passed Law on ID cards from being put into practice."
The Serbian Church followed the pattern of similar protests in 2000-2002
within the Greek and Russian Orthodox Churches, when their respective
governments attempted to institute compulsory electronic ID cards and tax
numbers. Many church members raised objections to having an object b the
"smart chip" b on their ID cards tied to data to which they didn't have
access. They also were wary of having their personal data centralized in
electronic form and available to unspecified third parties.
participation of the civil society  and two other scientific forums under
the auspices of the Serbian church. A couple of prominent Serbian political
publications, NIN and New Serbian Political Thought (Nova srpska politicka
misao) published a number of critical texts regarding the governmentbs
scheme. In mid-December, a petition was launched asking the government to
halt the introduction of the new ID cards with biometric contact chip until
the law could be amended. Thousands of signatures were gathered, which,
together with intensified media interest for the story, and the fact that
the governing coalition was in the middle of an election campaign, led to
the change of the 2006 law.
Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica's administration adopted a government
decree on 11 January 2007 thus taking an unusual step of announcing a change
of the ID cards law. Serbian Interior Minister Dragan Jocic told the press
that "due to privacy concerns raised by citizens" the Law on Identification
Cards would be modified to ensure the chips, with a digitalized photo and
fingerprint, would be included only upon the card holder's specific request.
Citizens' groups and non-governmental organizations applauded the concession
but vowed to continue the fight until the entire law was struck down.
Attorney Dragoljub Djordjevic, a founder of the group that spearheaded the
anti-biometric media campaign (Za zivot bez ziga), says his organization
plans to challenge the law in the Serbian Supreme Court. "That would have
been our first step if not for the fact that the court has had a vacancy for
months and cannot legally convene," said Djordjevic, who is also vice
president of the Serbian Bar Association. "As soon as it does, however, we
shall challenge the centralized database the police plan to set up as an
unconstitutional invasion of privacy. We shall also challenge the taking of
fingerprints of normal, law-abiding citizens as though they were convicted
For Life without Stigma - Za zivot bez ziga (only in Serbian)
Public revolt quashes biometric ID chips (27.01.2007)
(Contribution by Aleksandar Pavic - Co-founder, bZa zivot bez zigab
7. Dutch DPA advises negatively on Dutch draft data retention
The Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA) has made a strong case against
the Dutch draft law regarding the implementation of the data retention
directive. In its advice of 22 January 2007 the DPA comes to the
conclusion that the draft disregards the requirements of article 8 of
the European Convention on Human Rights, which protects the fundamental
right to respect for onebs private life.
The draft introduces a retention period of 18 months, both for telephone
and Internet traffic data. The arguments for this almost maximal
retention period are mostly borrowed from a report of the Dutch Erasmus
University of 22 June 2005, about which EDRI-gram previously reported.
This report was the first public research in Europe into the actual use
by law enforcement of historical traffic data. The researchers looked at
65 police investigations that were provided by the Dutch Ministry of
Justice as good examples of the usefulness of traffic data for law
enforcement. They concluded that 'in virtually all cases' the police
could get all the traffic data they needed, based on the average
3 months availability of telephony traffic data. The researchers also
warned they could not qualify the usefulness of these data as direct or
indirect evidence, or the representativeness of the sample of cases for
law enforcement in general. But after failing to meet this essential
test, the researchers organised talks with several anonymous police
representatives. Based exclusively on those talks, the report
recommended that a 1 year mandatory data retention term would be desirable.
This report did not fully convince the Dutch Parliament of the necessity
of data retention at the time of EU negotiations about the directive. At
the beginning of 2006, after a final compromise between the Council and
the European Parliament had been reached, the Dutch minister voted in
favour of the final data retention directive compromise against the wish
of a majority of the Dutch Parliament. Former Minister of Justice Donner
then stated in the Parliament: bI have indicated [in the Council] that I
wanted room for the Netherlands for a retention period of one year, and
for Internet data a period of half a year. That has been realised; that
is possible now. That other Member States lay down longer terms in their
national law is up to them.b The draft gives no account of this change
of plans from rather minimal implementation to almost maximal, as
regards the retention period.
The DPA further points out that by extending the retention of mobile
telephone location data to all the location data generated during a
communication, and not only the location data at the start of the
connection, the draft goes beyond the demands of the directive. The DPA
notes that this extension implies surveillance of the movement of large
amounts of innocent citizens and points to the agreement in the European
Parliament and the German implementation draft, where it is explicitly
stated that the directive does not demand the retention of these
location data generated during a mobile communication.
Another point of critique of the DPA are the limitations on access to the
retained data. The DPA concludes that these provisions are too broad and
need to be drafted more strict and precise. The Dutch DPA finally criticizes
the use of delegation provisions. According to the DPA, the details on the
specific data to be retained should be included in the law itself. The law
should also be more specific about the obligation to provide the statistical
data on the actual use of the retained data. The draft law is not at all
clear about these essential ingredients of the data retention regime and
delegates these matters power to the government.
The draft, now in the phase of consultation, was made public on 21 December
2006. It also provoked a strong reaction of a large coalition of telecom
companies and ISPs. After this consultation phase the draft law will be
sent to the Council of State.
Advice Dutch Data Protection Authority (in Dutch only, 22.01.2007)
Draft law implementation data retention directive (in consultation), (in
Dutch only, 21.12.2006)
EDRI-gram: Dutch study fails to prove usefulness and necessity data
retention (29.06.2005)
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken)
8. Romanian Prosecutors want easy access to communication data
A new normative act regarding the competence of the Prosecutors dealing with
terrorism and organized crime adopted by the Romanian Government in the last
days of 2006 created rumours among the press and civil society that accused
the Ministry of Justice of breaching the citizens privacy.
The new act (Emergency Government Ordinance 131/2006) was adopted in the
last government meeting in 2006, without any public debate on the new
provisions being introduced. The Ordinance entered into force on 1
January 2007 and gave more powers to the Prosecutors Department for
Investigations on Organized Crime and Terrorism (DIICOT).
According to the press and civil society groups, the new law would allow
prosecutors to monitor banking accounts and IT systems without warrant,
which may lead to a whole lot of abuses. Georgiana Iorgulescu, head of the
Juridical Resource Center, commented on this: "I don't think it is normal
for such a normative document to pass as emergency ordinance, because it
actually restricts the right to private life.b
The text of the new act, which is in fact very ambiguous in some respects,
needs to be interpreted in correlation with the Romanian Procedure Penal
code and the bcybercrime lawb (Law 161/2003 - Title III) , but still
serious questions marks regarding the actual practical interpretation of the
baccess to computer systemsb in relation with the other definitions of
normative acts
The Ministry of Justice has tried to clarify the issues through some press
releases and discussions with civil society, but the case is still open
since the text has not been modified. The Ministry of Justice underlined
that the access to computer data or phone calls could and will be made only
with a specific judge warrant and this is a situation that will not be
changed. They pointed out that the text would refer only to the traffic data
from electronic communications providers and that a similar provision of the
Anti-corruption Prosecutors from 2002 had in fact never been used. The
Ministry also insisted that the present procedure just tries to clarify the
situation, because the traffic data could be accessed with a simple
notification from the Prosecutor in a specific case until now.
The civil society groups have expressed their reserves even in the case of
the access of Prosecutors to traffic data, considering that citizen privacy
is in danger. One of the civil society NGOs, SoJust (Society for Justice)
has also petitioned the Ombudsman for a case with the Constitutional Court
for the breach of the constitutional right to privacy.
It is very possible that the present text will be changed in the near
future, since the Emergency Government Ordinance needs to be discussed by
the Parliament. Also the Ministry of Justice has admitted that a
clarification of the terms used could be beneficial. Recently, the Prime
Minister has announced that a new public debate will be initiated on those
specific provisions.
Although the discussion will be probably focused on the clarification of the
access to traffic data, including who has the right to access these types of
data, nothing was publicly mentioned in relation with the implementation of
the European directive on data retention. The ministry who has the
obligation to present a first draft is the Ministry of Communications and
Information Technology but, so far, not a single draft document was publicly
made available, even though several meetings have taken place behind closed
doors with the major electronic communications providers.
Ministry of Justice - Remarks on the Emergency Government Ordinance 131/2006
(only in Romanian, 18.01.2007)
Macovei's agency (18.01.2007)
DIICOT is playing with baccess to computer systemsb (only in Romanian,
SoJust : Comments on Emergency Government Ordinance 131/2006 (only in
Romanian, 22.01.2007)
9. EFFI won a court case about donation-pages in Finland
Helsinki district court released 31 January 2007 Electronic Frontier Finland
(EFFI) from charges on illegal fund raising on the Internet. The board
members faced criminal charges and it was further demanded that EFFI
transfers all illegal donations totalling over 4000 euros to the state.
The prosecutor, supported by a statement from the Ministry of
Interior Affairs, claimed that EFFI's unregistered donation-page as part
of their homepages was against the law on the regulation of donation
campaigns. The law requires that all campaigns are registered and must
report to local police. Many other countries do not have this kind of
laws at all.
Mikko VC$limC$ki from law firm Turre Legal, who defended EFFI in the
court, comments: "The case sets a precedent that the law requires
activity such as stopping people on the streets. This kind of campaigns
must be registered and make reports. However, a passive webpage such as
EFFI's does not count as a 'campaign'. I am happy to report that this
law will not adversely affect donation webpages of Finnish NGOs in the
future. It was a major threat before this case."
EFFI's blog on the subject (in Finnish only, 31.01.2007)
Turre Legal
(Contribution by Mikko VC$limC$ki - Electronic Frontier Finland)
10. Temporary injunction against RapidShare.de
The Germany society for musical performing and mechanical reproduction
rights GEMA has obtained temporary injunctions from the District Court in
Cologne against the operator of data exchange services RapidShare.de and
The so-called "sharehostersb services operate in a similar way, allowing
users to upload content on virtual storage space, thus making the respective
content publicly available. They are considered to have used copyrighted
works of GEMA members "in an unlawful fashion".
GEMA asked from RapidSharebs operator to reveal the number of copyrighted
files of GEMA artists presently stored without license. According to GEMA
spokesman Hans-Herwig Geyer, RapidShare.de has boasted of having some 15
million files available to its users. RapidShare has claimed to have no
control or knowledge of the content uploaded by the users considering it had
no legal responsibility.
Through its injunction the District Court in Cologne has now however made it
clear to the company that the fact that the users and not the operator of
the services were the ones that uploaded the content onto the sites did not,
from a legal point of view, lessen the operator's liability for copyright
infringements occurred within the context of the services.
GEMA obtains injunctions against data exchange services (19.01.2007)
Double blow dealt against Rapidshare (18.01.2007)
GEMA obtains injunctions against RapidShare (20.01.2007)
11. ENDitorial : Constitution by criminalisation
Instead of scouts cookies, evildoers sell copied Britney Spears CDs
and counterfeit medicines manufactured using child labour, and that
must be stopped, in particular since legit Britney Spears CDs cause
enough harm as it is and everyone is tired of Viagra spam. The
Criminalisation Directive, also known as IPRED2 or the directive on
"criminal measures aimed at ensuring the enforcement of intellectual
property rights", is officially geared at combating these organised
criminals and terrorists by hitting them where it hurts: fund raising.
The Commission proposed to concretise this aim by going after
secondary telephone directory providers, farmers with fields cross-
pollinated by genetically modified crops, and MP3 player
manufacturers who refuse to pay Italy's most famous software patent
troll. In spite of a commendable Industry Committee report by David
Hammerstein MEP, the European Parliament currently seems to be headed
towards brandishing every second company as a criminal organisation,
their customers as fences, ISPs as abetters and many teenagers as
common criminals. And all this because the French and the Dutch
rejected the proposed Constitutional Treaty. Now that will surely
make them see the wrongs of their way!
But first things first. The directive starts from the premise that
every infringement of any "intellectual property right", alias IPR or
exclusion right, is inherently a crime if committed intentionally and
on a commercial scale. Many of these rights, such as design rights,
database rights and utility models, are however not substantially
examined at all, and therefore often invalid. Macrossan just saw one
of its software patents invalidated in a UK court, and a Welsh
vegetarian snack company selling a "Whopper" flapjack is not
necessarily trying to be associated with Burger King's trademark, let
alone that it is comparable to someone counterfeiting Gucci bags. And
the exceptions to copyright law are equally numerous and complex as
the cases where it does apply.
The World Trade Organisation's TRIPs treaty from 1995 takes these
points into account and only requires commercial scale "copyright
piracy" and trademark counterfeiting to be punishable by criminal
sanctions. Since both the EU and all EU member states are party to
TRIPs, this is in fact already the case in the entire EU. Any alleged
lacking in enforcement can moreover be brought before the WTO TRIPs
Dispute Settlement Body. This directive also adds that judges must be
able to impose maximum penalties of at least 100,000 to 300,000 Euro,
because according to its supporters fines are currently too low in
Eastern Europe. Surprise: for example Czech Republic already has a
maximum penalty of 750,000 Euro for selling counterfeit goods.
It has become clear that this directive is not really about organised
crime or even about helping Rolex. The reason that we have this
directive at all and that most MEPs have not yet resoundingly
directed it to the dustbin is mainly a political one: competence
extension. Criminal law is currently part of the Third Pillar of the
EU, which means that the Council of Ministers holds all the power and
must decide with unanimity. The Commission and many MEPs would like
it to be transferred to the First Pillar, which would give them
codecision power and reduce the Council decision requirement to a
qualified majority. This is one of the things the Constitutional
Treaty would have taken care of if it had been approved. And as
someone in Parliament told us, "some idiot in the Commission had to
pick this one out of all directives" as spearheading vehicle to get
that change through after all.
Unfortunately, it doesn't stop there. The music publisher's
association, the IFPI, handily hopped aboard the Institutional Power
Transfer Express to ensure it pleases at least one other stakeholder.
They said they did not like the initial proposal because it did not
apply to private, not-for-profit infringements. This means they have
to sue in civil courts rather than the police doing the job for them,
which is bad PR. So they started claiming that this directive says it
is ok to download music without permission and that this should be
stopped. In response, Janelly Fourtou MEP, wife of the Chairman of
the Supervisory Board of Vivendi Universal, Nicole Fontaine MEP and
Klaus-Heiner Lehne MEP have tabled amendments in the European
Parliament's Legal Affairs Committee (JURI) to take out the
"commercial scale" requirement.
Toine Manders MEP even tabled the following amendment:
"2a. Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure that
any purchase of goods infringing an intellectual property right is
considered as fencing."
Manders was unable to explain in a radio interview how a customer in
a supermarket is supposed to know whether a product's packaging
infringes on the trademark of another brand. He did state that he
intends the amendment to apply to downloaders though. "Purchasing"
can also mean "to acquire by effort", so he may be right. He noted
that he sees this directive as a way to entrench "our European moral
values", to teach people about "respecting intellectual property",
although he does not believe it will actually be enforced against
individuals. The IFPI presumably think otherwise.
Normally, JURI would have voted on the tabled amendments on 29 or 30
January. Last week, the vote was however suddenly taken off the
agenda by the Christian Democrats (EPP). The reason turned out to be
that the German government has decided to waste no time in resolving
"the ratification crisis surrounding the constitutional treaty". They
have started informal negotiations with MEPs for a first reading
compromise with the following basic premise: if the Council gets to
keep the sole decision power over the level of the sanctions, they
will pass the directive and thus effectuate the competence transfer
from Third to First Pillar concerning criminal law as provisioned by
the Constitutional Treaty. The fact that a bunch of companies and
citizens are caught in the crossfire is obviously of secondary
If this manoeuvring sounds familiar, the reason might be that it was
also done with the IPRED1 and Big Brother/Data Retention directives.
In both cases the then Council Presidency made a pre-first reading
compromise with Parliament -in the latter case even behind the back
of the rapporteur - in order to rush through a harshly criticised and
fundamentally flawed directive. And in both cases the official
pretext was also fighting organised crime and protecting the children.
In the end, everything even seems to come together: the German
implementation of IPRED1, the predecessor of the current directive
which allows for very harsh sanctions in case of alleged civil
infringements, explicitly allows for the data gathered via the Big
Brother directive to be used in civil court cases concerning patents,
utility models, trademarks and design rights. The decision of whether
or not that data can be used is taken by a non-specialist judge, who
is not necessarily aware of the validity of the asserted rights or
their scope.
Yes, you too can be the target of an "anti-terrorist" directive, or
even several at the same time. All you have to do is start up a
business and join the knowledge economy. To Lisbon or to Prison? The
way it looks now, you do not decide. The Commission, Council and a
few morality masters in Parliament will do so for you. All you have
to do is think of the children and be afraid of the terrorists, and
everything will be fine.
FFII IPRED2 directive analysis and background information
Radio interviews with Toine Manders (in Dutch only)
German Government Passes "Bill for Improving the Enforcement of
Intellectual Property Rights" (24.01.2007)
IPRED1 directive: overview by FIPR
EU adopts Big Brother directive, ignores industry and civil society
MP3 patents: Sisvel (Italian patent troll) v. Sandisk (11.01.2007)
Trademarks: Burger King v. Wholebake (11.06.2006)
UK Macrossan software patent case (30.10.2006)
(Contribution by Jonas Maebe - Foundation for a Free Information
Infrastructure - FFII)
12. Recommended Reading
Revenue from online content will reach b,8.3 billion by 2010 in Europe, a
growth of over 400% in five years, says a new study for the European
Commission. For the most advanced sectors, online content will represent a
significant share of total revenue: about 20% for music and 33% for video
games. Thanks to the spread of broadband, the roll-out of advanced mobile
networks, and the massive adoption of digital devices, the study shows that
mass market online content distribution is becoming a reality, creating
unique opportunities for Europe.
13. Agenda
6 February 2007, London, UK
Free screening: Hacking Democracy
8 February 2007, London, UK
European Electronic Voting Activism Workshop - Sharing & Learning across
8 February 2007, London, UK
Electronic Voting: A challenge to democracy?
15-16 February 2007, Brussels, Belgium
Scientific Publishing in the European Research Area
Access, Dissemination and Preservation in the Digital Age
19-23 February 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Third Session
23-25 March 2007, Vienna, Austria
2nd PhD E-voting Seminar
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007). The deadline
for proposals is 4 February 2006
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-04 20:10:28
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.13, 4 July 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.13, 4 July 2007
1. EDRI signs "Keep The Core Neutral" petition
2. Final agreements between EU and USA on PNR and SWIFT
3. OECD pushes for privacy co-operation
4. The Austrian government has postponed the law for data retention
5. Italian officials prepare the law for a DNA database
6. French Internet users are not properly informed on DRM
7. German legislation troubles the big Internet companies
8. ENDitorial : The End of Multilateral Broadcast Treaty
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. EDRI signs "Keep The Core Neutral" petition
European Digital Rights Initiative (EDRI) has joined more than 100
individuals and organizations from around the world in signing the
petition "Keep The Core Neutral" urging ICANN (Internet Corporation for
Assigned Names and Numbers ) to resist efforts to evaluate applications for
new generic top-level domains (gTLDs) based on non-technical criteria such
as ideas about morality and competing national political objectives.
The "Keep the Core Neutral" coalition is concerned that ICANN's draft policy
includes evaluation criteria that go well beyond technical considerations of
operational stability and security and exceeds the organization's mandate of
technical coordination.
In particular, ICANN is considering policy that would reject applications
for new gTLDs if they violate globally fixed standards on "morality" or
"public order". But the lack of global standards on morality and policy
objectives invites nations with restrictions on free expression to impose
censorship on the entire world by blocking the creation of certain domains.
There is also concern that religious institutions and business competitors
will be allowed to object to new domain name applications based on
non-technical and non-legal criteria.
Creating a precedent for generalized public governance would be
dangerous, as the private corporation does not have a democratic governance
structure that is accountable to the public or that includes protections for
the rights of Internet users.
The proposed policy also threatens to extend unrelated concepts derived from
commercial trademark law onto non-commercial expression, but domain names
are distinct from trademarks in significant ways. Trademark rights only
regulate a particular type of commercial speech, while ICANN policy could
expand trademark restrictions onto non-commercial expression and prevent
online criticism of companies and products.
In a 27 June 2007 workshop at the San Juan ICANN meeting, a distinguished
panel of legal and technical experts addressed these issues including former
ICANN Board Member and attorney Michael Palage, who co-authored a 2006 essay
"Please, Keep the Core Neutral", which served as inspiration for the
coalition's global petition.
Keep The Core Neutral : Global Petition Urges ICANN to Protect Free
Expression and Innovation in Domain Name Policy (30.06.2007)
Global Petition to ICANN Board of Directors: "Keep the Core Neutral"
Transcript of Keep the Core Neutral Workshop (27.06.2007)
2. Final agreements between EU and USA on PNR and SWIFT
After a long and difficult period of negotiations, on 28-29 June 2007, final
agreements were reached between EU and USA on the data regarding European
financial transactions operated by Belgian consortium SWIFT and on the
passenger name records (PNR) issue respectively.
Regarding the access to financial data from SWIFT, the US has committed to
use any data received from SWIFT exclusively for counter-terrorism purposes,
the data retention period being of 5 years.
SWIFT is also bound to "adequately" protect the privacy of data according to
EU principles as laid out in 2000 and further more, from now on, all banks
using SWIFT will have to inform their customers about any transfers of their
According to a spokesman for Commission Vice-President Franco
Frattini, an "agreement had been reached on the substance of the new
Passenger Name Records (PNR) system, with only technical details and EU
national parliaments' opinion still to be resolved". The agreement will
replace the interim agreement due to expire at the end of July 2007.
Both sets of negotiations resulted in the EU having obtained the power to
inspect US investigators' use of European data. The EU has insisted on this,
considering that US privacy laws would not protect European citizens' data
from being abused. However, according to Gus Hosein from Privacy
International, the EU won only limited oversight over the US use of PNR
The PNR agreement reduced the number of pieces of data that can be collected
by the US authorities from 34 pieces to 19, including name, contact
information, payment details, travel agency, itinerary and baggage
information, but excluding sensitive data such as ethnicity.
The US will be allowed to store the data for a seven year period under an
"active" or "operational" regime and can extend this period by 8 years for
"dormant" data which would be accessible under stricter rules. This means a
15 year storage period in total as compared to three years as previously
agreed. The EU officials however state that the agreement has more
safeguards than before.
In a letter to the German interior minister Wolfgang Schauble, the European
Data Protection Supervisor Peter Hustinx has still shown concern believing
that the privacy rights of air passengers between the EU and US will be
threatened by the agreement struck on 29 June.
A good point is that, for the first time, EU citizens will also be covered
by the US Privacy Act which means they can enforce their rights in US
courts. The new PNR system deal must be ratified by national parliaments
before taking effect as expected at the end of July 2007.
But the PNR data started to look interesting also for the European
officials. Just a few days after the car bomb attack in Glasgow and London,
the commissioner Franco Frattini announced that he would propose in October
a new draft containing anti-terrorism measures, including creating a
European PNR system. In this way, the airlines flying to the EU would be
obliged to share passengers private data with Europe's secret services. It
is not clear yet if the scheme will cover intra-European flights.
Draft text - PNR Agreement (28.06.2007)
EU-US data-sharing deals renew privacy concerns (29.06.2007)
EU legitimises US travel and bank data snoops (28.06.2007)
US gives in to EU demands over data (29.06.2007)
Europe's banks must inform customers of US snooping (27.06.2007)
New PNR Agreement with the United States of America - Peter Hustinx letter
to the German Minister of Interior (27.06.2007)
Air passengers to face EU anti-terror screening (4.07.2007)
EU plans air passenger data exchange system (3.07.2007)
3. OECD pushes for privacy co-operation
A new framework has been agreed by the 30 members of OECD (Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development) regarding the co-operation in the
enforcement of privacy laws, updating a 27 year old statement (OECD
Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and Transborder Flows of Personal
The large volume of the data being exchanged across borders and the changes
in the character of these exchanges having increased the risks to privacy
for individuals have brought up the need for a better co-operation between
authorities in charge with data protection.
The framework, included in the new OECD Recommendation on Cross-Border
Co-operation in the Enforcement of Laws Protecting Privacy, developed by the
OECD Committee for Information, Computer and Communications Policy (ICCP),
through its Working Party on Information Security and Privacy (WPISP), shows
the commitment of the governments to improve their national privacy
legislation to allow co-operation and mutual assistance among each other for
an efficient enforcement of privacy laws.
"A consensus has emerged on the need to promote closer co-operation among
privacy law enforcement authorities to help them exchange information and
carry out investigations with their foreign counterparts," says the
recommendation which also reads: "Globalisation, the emergence of 'follow
the sun' business models, the growth of the internet and falling
communication costs dramatically increase the amount of personal information
flowing across borders. This increase in transborder information flows
benefits both organisations and individuals by lowering costs, increasing
efficiency and improving customer convenience. At the same time, these
personal information flows elevate concerns about privacy, and present new
challenges with respect to protecting individuals' personal information."
OECD has developed two model forms to facilitate the co-operation: one to
assist in the creation of a list of contact points in each country to
co-ordinate requests for assistance and another one to be used by an
authority in requesting assistance.
The recommendation will be introduced at regional events and at the 29th
International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners that
will be hosted in September 2007 in Montreal by Commissioner Jennifer
Stoddart Privacy Commissioner of Canada who also conducted the work on the
development of the framework.
OECD Recommendation on Cross-border Co-operation in the Enforcement of Laws
Protecting Privacy - Press release
OECD Recommendation on Cross-border Co-operation in the Enforcement of Laws
Protecting Privacy - full text
Net growth prompts privacy update (30.06.2007)
International effort on privacy protection is launched (26.06.2007)
4. The Austrian government has postponed the law for data retention
A spokesman of the Federal Ministry of Transport, Innovation and
Technology has confirmed that due to the flood of responses to the law
proposal there is no way to have data retention ready before the
deadline set by the directive.
The ministry received a total of 90 statements from various organisations.
Most of them voiced severe concerns about the suggested implementation of
data retention. The supporters were various bodies of the entertainment
industry, demanding longer retention periods and a lower threshold. They
demanded extending access to retained data for violations of copyright, by a
law that is being implemented to help fight terrorism.
The ministry needs to process all those statements in a diligent way and
it will do so, even if the EU issues a caution against the Republic of
Austria. Furthermore there have been talks with the Ministry of Justice
to embed data retention in the criminal law concerning the degree of penalty
and periods. The criminal law has already exemptions for lawyers,
physicians, journalists and other groups of society handling highly
sensitive personal data. The retention period of six months both for
telephone and Internet traffic data was not questioned. More results of
these talks will be due in Autumn after the summer break.
The background to this turnaround is that a general aversion against data
retention has been growing in Austria, and the resistance is pretty
broad. Hardly anybody turns up in Austrian public to express support for
this measure. The Austrian Chambers of Commerce and Labour both oppose
data retention. Those bodies, called "social partnership", are the
pillars of real political life representing small and middle businesses
(Conservatives) and Labour. Even the federal Chancellor's office
expressed concerns about a possible violation of Austria's constitution.
Various academic institutions stepped in as well. All quoted bodies are
more or less closely related to one of the two big political parties.
The discussion here started very late, as it took print and TV media
journalists quite a long time to understand what data retention of
network traffic data could mean for their jobs in general. During the month
of June the topic was covered by all Austrian media - late, but better than
AT: Data Retention gets delayed until Autumn (only in German, 28.06.2007)
Quintessenz doqubase about data retention
The Truth about the Costs for Data Retention (only in German, 29.06.2007)
Data Retention Delayed (only in German, 28.06.2007)
Data Retention in Austria arrives later (only in German, 28.06.2007)
(Contribution by EDRI-member quintessenz.org - Austria)
5. German legislation troubles the big Internet companies
Yahoo and Google seems to have problems adapting their business to the tough
requirements of the German law regarding content harmful to minors and the
implementation of the data retention directive, respectively.
Yahoo has recently changed the way the content filter setting for its
photo-sharing service Flickr works for German members so that they can't
view photos labelled as "moderate" or "restricted" via the search function.
This caused a lot of complaints from German users, that created special
groups on the platform such as Against Censorship! Also they started
uploading anti-Flickr pictures in the Yahoo photo sharing service and tag
them as "thinkflickrthink".
In the end Flickr allowed the German users to turn SafeSearch off to allow
photos flagged as 'moderate' and tried to explain the situation.
"Flickr's intent is never to censor content, but rather to comply with
local legal restrictions. In Germany, local law (Jugendmedien-Staatsvertrag
JMStV) requires stringent age verification in order to display online
content that could be considered harmful to minors." explained Flickr's
co-founder Stewart Butterfield.
Community Manager, Heather Champ added : "The central problem is that
Germany has much more stringent age verification laws than its neighbouring
countries," she said. She described the risks of breaking these laws as
being punished with "much harsher penalties, including jail time, for those
with direct responsibility."
The German draft law for the implementation of the data retention directive
also raises problems with the online service providers. The draft foresees
that providers of e-mail services will basically have to keep records of the
following: the user's IP address for each e-mail sent and for each access to
the inbox as well as the sender's network ID for every e-mail received.
According to an interview to the German economics magazine Wirtschaftswoche,
Peter Fleischer, Google privacy counsellor considered the draft law as "a
severe blow to privacy " and praised the possibility to have anonymous email
According to Heise he also declared that : "If need be we will simply switch
off Google Mail in Germany", but this was later considered as a
misinterpreted quote, and the correct statement was :
"We think that this law is bad for users and bad for privacy on the
Internet. Google believes that users should have the right to create an
email account without going through the hassle of having to prove exactly
who they are. Anonymous email is particularly important for political
dissidents, for example." Google also hoped that the German federal
government will change its plans in this respect.
User protests against and Yahoo's justification for filters at Flickr
Against Censorship! at Flickr
(Official Topic) German SafeSearch settings (20.06.2007)
Google threatens to shut down e-mail service in Germany (25.06.2007)
Lost In Translation: German Gmail Stays Put (27.06.2007)
EDRI-gram: Data retention and increased surveillance in Germany (25.04.2007)
6. French Internet users are not properly informed on DRM
The UFC- Que Choisir association has revealed the results of an online study
performed in February  2007 regarding the use of DRM (Digital Rights
Management) systems imposing third-party restrictions on the users of a
reading device.
The poll has shown that most French Internet users have not been properly
informed on the restrictions that DRM systems involve and that they
definitely would like these technical protections out.
The poll covered about 800 Internet users that had already bought music
online. Out of these, 51% stated they had never been informed on the usage
restrictions that DRM imposes and 65% of them thought they could listen to
the music they had legally bought on any device without any constraints. 72%
of the iPod users had no idea they could listen on their devices only music
bought on iTunes.
According to the study, 20% of the respondents have already experienced the
situation of buying music online that they could not listen to on the
devices they had. Most respondents (about 90%) consider it is very important
to be able to use any kind of device to read the music they buy.
UFC-Que Choisir association asks from the French Government to revise the
so-called DADVSI law in order "to refuse the producers the unilateral
freedom to impose DRM contrary to the basic consumers' rights".
UFC-Que Choisir's main preoccupation is interoperability for the consumers.
"The musical world can very well live without the DRM. Even better" said
Edouard Barreiro, in charge with new technologies within the association.
"If the legislator cannot interdict the use of DRM, the industry should at
least be imposed to use at least a unique DRM format to provide the
Some of the music distribution companies such as EMI group or Universal have
already started having initiatives of providing DRM free music online. As
Denis Olivennes, owner of Fnac commercial website, stated: A non-restricted
title is sold twice a DRM bound one.
The Internet users do not know DRM well (only in French, 26.06.2007)
Music : the consumer does not want DRM (only in French, 28.06.2007)
DRM: the consumers do not want restrictions (only in French, 27.06.2007)
EDRI-gram:France establishes the DRM-regulation authority (12.04.2007)
7. Italian officials prepare the law for a DNA database
Italy is preparing its DNA database law, claiming that it needs
harmonization with the other European states situation, but forgetting about
the privacy concerns. According to col. Luciano Garofano from RIS (Reparti
Investigazioni Scientifiche), it is not very long until the law allowing
archiving DNA data will be in place.
In Garofano's opinion, Italy is actually one of the last to have a
legislation in the domain and the problem is that although Italy has signed
the Pr|m treaty to exchange data, it has no data to exchange.
The colonel believes that Italy needs this database that would be efficient
in identifying criminals as well as innocent people. Experts however fear
that there is a risk of theft of genetic data that could be used abusively
as well as of the possibility of relying too much on this database ignoring
checks of various typologies and sources.
Garofano believes advantage should be taken of the new technologies and data
privacy issues should not stand in the way of security. He thinks privacy
should not be a justification not to draft a law that would be for the
security of the Italian citizens.
A draft law has already been made by the National Committee for Biosecurity,
Biotechnology and Life Science (Comitato Nazionale per la Biosicurezza, le
Biotecnologie e le Scienze della Vita), a draft that stipulates the
gathering of data from those that have infringed the law and might face more
than 3 years of imprisonment as well of those that are imprisoned.
"A law is absolutely necessary but it must be evaluated with extreme
caution. It is a good think that the gathered data is based on
alphanumerical sequence and not on biological samples" said Francesco
Pizzetti, the president Italian Data Protection Authority (Garante per la
protezione dei dati personali). He also expressed the hope that the
authority's experience would be taken into consideration and that the
Parliament would listen to the opinions of the Authority.
Italy - ready for the Big Genetic Database (only in Italian, 29.06.2007)
8. ENDitorial : The End of Multilateral Broadcast Treaty
The summer special session of United Nation's World Intellectual
Property Organization's (WIPO) Standing Committee on Copyright and
Related rights (SCCR) ended with an outcome that effectively killed the
proposed treaty for protection of broadcast organisations (Broadcast
Treaty). The committee called off the Diplomatic Conference that was
supposed to take place in November to approve the treaty. Even if the
treaty remains on the agenda of SCCR, it is unlikely that there will be
any serious push to overcome the vastly different positions on key
issues relating to objectives, scope and object of protection.
There were several reasons for this outcome. The treaty was unwanted by
many countries. The United States lost interest after webcasting was
removed from the scope of the treaty and - perhaps more importantly -
after the US technology and telecommunication industries made their
opposing position loudly known. There was also disagreement within the
North American Broadcasters' Association. This left the EU and Japan in
a much weaker position against the countries known as "Friends of
Development", who saw little use in new property rights for broadcasters
but instead considered the treaty as an opportunity to inject new
elements such as competition, access to knowledge and cultural diversity
into the global copyright regime.
The second reason was spirited opposition by the rest of the
stakeholders (i.e. other than broadcasters) against the treaty. In
particular the organizations representing civil society constantly asked
questions about the rationale of the treaty and brought transparency to
the process by transcribing the discussions during the plenary sessions.
This exposed in almost real-time the lack of any real substance to the
proponents' arguments.
One can also speculate on the role of the long-time chairman of the
committee, Jukka Liedes, in the demise of the treaty. It became widely
known that he and Mr. Tilman L|der (who represents the European
Commission) did not agree on a strategy (or much else for that matter).
Mr. Liedes also took many times positions that  were seen as detached
from the reality of the committee as he tried to push the treaty to the
Diplomatic Conference. Still, the outcome of the negotiations was always
likely to be a failure because of the divergent political situation on
global IP policy.
The big question now is what the outcome will mean for WIPO and SCCR. A
rather direct hint could be found from this comment by Tom Rivers, external
legal adviser to the Association of Commercial Television in Europe (ACT):
"If Wipo is not the right forum for this issue to be addressed then
broadcasters will need to raise (their) concerns at regional or bilateral
level instead".
So, in practice the broadcasters will try to use the sympathy of European
Commission civil servants to advance their agenda by forcing the
developing countries to accept extensive "investment protection clauses"
to their bi-lateral trade agreements.  This will be a key issue for EDRI.
Finally, a more fundamental question must asked. Why are these kinds of
investment protection schemes, which have nothing to do with creativity
or culture, dealt with under the copyright system in the first place? It
unfortunately seems that the so-called related rights have become a
sweet spot for blatant corporate rent seeking. The European Commission
seems to accept all kinds of demands from the stakeholders without the
merest hint of economic justification. Even when their own studies find
clear evidence that these types of protection are harmful (such as with
the sui generis database right), there is no reaction on their part.
Isn't it time that European IP policy was based on economic evidence
rather than the interests of a small number of large right holders?
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR) (18-22.06.2007)
Piracy collapses broadcasting treaty (24.06.2007)
EDRI-gram: Results of the WIPO's SCCR Special Session 1 (31.01.2007)
EFF's resource page on the WIPO Broadcasting Treaty
Some NABA (North American BroadcastersAssociation) members opposed the
treaty (20.06.2007)
(Contribution by Ville Oksanen - EDRI-member Electronic Frontier Finland)
9. Recommended Reading
Findings of the Open Rights Group Election Observation Mission in Scotland
and England
The Open Rights Group (ORG) believes that the problems observed at the
English and Scottish elections in May 2007 raise serious concerns regarding
the suitability of e-voting and e-counting technologies for statutory
elections. E-voting is a 'black box system', where the mechanisms for
recording and tabulating the vote are hidden from the voter. This makes
public scrutiny impossible, and leaves statutory elections open to error and
Article 29 Working Party Opinion 4/2007 on the concept of personal data
10. Agenda
6 July 2007, EU
Two years anniversary of the rejection of the software patents directive
8 May - 22 July 2007, Austria
Annual decentralized community event around free software lectures,
panel discussions, workshops, fairs and socialising
8-12 August 2007, near Berlin, Germany
Chaos Communication Camp 2007
"In Fairy Dust We Trust!"
5-11 September 2007, Linz, Austria
Ars Electronica Festival - Festival for Art, Technology and Society
21 September 2007, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Bits of Freedom organizes the 5th Dutch Big Brother Awards
Nominations can be sent to info at bigbrotherawards.nl until the end of
25 September 2007, Montreal, Canada
Civil Society Workshop: Privacy Rights In A World Under Surveillance
A one-day workshop organized by the International Civil Liberties Monitoring
Group (ICLMG) in cooperation with Canadian and international civil rights
and privacy organizations ahead of the 29th International Conference of Data
Protection and Privacy Commissioners in Montreal.
25-28 September 2007, Montreal, Canada
29th International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners
12-15 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Government of Brazil will host the second Internet Governance Forum
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- EDRI-gram in Serbian
EDRI-gram is also available in Serbian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Aleksandar Markovic
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2007-06-06 19:45:09
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.11, 6 June 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.11, 6 June 2007
1. CSS protection used in DVDs is "ineffective"
2. RFID Expert Group - Kick Off
3. The European Parliament voted for stronger data protection
4. IPRED2 on the DROIPEN table
5. The French Ministry of Interior has a new interception platform
6. Legislation banning "hacking tools" in Germany
7. French State Council allows tracing P2P users
8. Slovenian intelligence agency scandal
9. Italian Government criticized by Free Software Association
10. Launch of Creative Commons Switzerland
11. Germany is preparing the G8 meeting by searching NGOs servers
12. Agenda
13. About
1. CSS protection used in DVDs is "ineffective"
In an unanimous decision on 25 May 2007, the Helsinki District Court ruled
that Content Scrambling System (CSS) used in DVD movies is "ineffective".
The decision is the first in Europe to interpret new copyright law
amendments, based on EU Copyright Directive of 2001, that bans the
circumvention of "effective technological measures". According to both
Finnish copyright law and the above-mentioned directive, only such
protection measure is effective, "which achieves the protection objective."
The background of the case was that after the copyright law amendment was
accepted in 2005, a group of Finnish computer hobbyists and activists
opened a website where they posted information on how to circumvent CSS.
They appeared in a police station and claimed to have potentially infringed
copyright law. Most of the activists thought that either the police did not
investigate the case in the first place or the prosecutor dropped it if it
went any further. To the surprise of many, the case ended in the Helsinki
District Court. Defendants were Mikko Rauhala who opened the website and a
poster who published his own implementation of a source code circumventing
According to the court, CSS no longer achieves its protection objective. The
court relied on two expert witnesses and said that "since a Norwegian
hacker succeeded in circumventing CSS protection used in DVDs in 1999,
end-users have been able to get with ease tens of similar circumventing
software from the Internet even free of charge. Some operating systems come
with this kind of software pre-installed." Thus, the court concluded that
"CSS protection can no longer be held 'effective' as defined in law." All
charges were dismissed.
The defendant's counsel Mikko Vdlimdki explains for EDRI-gram that he proposed to the court an interpretation where a protection measure is
ineffective when technical experts can circumvent it. The court did not buy
that one. Instead, it adopted my secondary proposal where the efficiency
test is based on the ability of random end-users to circumvent."
He explains that "this should not affect DVD Copy Control Association CCA
(DVD CCA - the California group that licenses CSS to DVD player
manufacturers in Europe and Asia), or the movies studios. My understanding
is that DVD CCA is interested in their player manufacturing monopoly and
license income from Asia, not random Linux users who buy DVDs."
A DVD CCA spokesman has confirmed that they are aware of the decision, but
they "do know that in the US, courts have ruled CSS to be effective, viable
Vdlimdki also explained why this decision is important in the European
context : "Relevant sections of the Finnish copyright law are copied
verbatim from the directive. I think any European court with common sense
would end up in the same interpretation."
The defendant Mikko Rauhala is also happy about the judgement: "It seems
that one can apply bad law with common sense, which was unfortunately absent
during the preparation of the law".
However, the prosecutor announced she would appeal the decision and might
ask the Finnish Copyright Council for an opinion on the interpretation of
"effective". The Helsinki Court of Appeal is not expected to rule until
Finnish court rules CSS protection used in DVDs "ineffective" (25.05.2007)
English translation of the judgment
Keep on hacking: a Finnish court says technological measures are no longer
"effective" when circumventing applications are widely available on the
Internet (25.05.2007)
Case Could Signal Weakening Of Digital Rights Management In Europe
2. RFID Expert Group - Kick Off
Following the public consultations on RFID last year, the European
Commission announced the creation of an RFID Expert Group to assist in
drafting the future RFID strategy. The group's kick-off meeting was held in
Brussles last week. EDRi was invited to participate in the group.
The Group has been established for two years and includes representatives
from the industry, standardisation bodies and the civil society. The EU data
protection authorities participate as observers.
In the past years digital rights organisations have continuously expressed
their strong concerns regarding the implications the usage of RFID may have
on privacy. The public consultation on RFID confirmed that these concerns
were shared by a majority of the respondents and that safeguards were needed
to ensure the protection of personal data and privacy.
RFID technology may be used to collect information on directly or indirectly
identified persons or to track and trace people's movements in the workspace
and in public areas. Therefore privacy and security will be the first topics
the group will work on. Input from the group will be taken into account by
the European Commission when preparing a Recommendation on RFID usage, which
is planned to be issued by the end of 2007.
The work of the group will then broaden its scope and deal with the move
towards the "Internet of Things". Giving every day objects a representation
on the Internet and building "smart" environments that react to the presence
or movements of people and things have been subjects of research in the last
years. Ambient Intelligence, Ubiquitous Computing, Pervasive Computing
and Smart Objects are keywords for the research specialists that often name
Mark Weiser's article "The Computer for the 21st Century" as the starting
point for these ideas.
Privacy, environmental issues and the dangers stemming from the accumulation
of electromagnetic fields will certainly be among the issues that have to be
discussed with regards to this topic.
As a member of the RFID Expert Group, EDRi will promote the implementation
of privacy-friendly technologies and stress that the reliable protection of
privacy and personal data is a key issue for the acceptance of this
Mark Weiser already wrote back in 1991 with regards to Ubiquitous
Computing: "If designed into systems from the outset, these techniques can
ensure that private data does not become public. A well-implemented version
of ubiquitous computing could even afford better privacy protection than
exists today." Sixteen years later this statement must still remain the
guideline for RFID applications. Key technologies that are said to have the
potential to become a new motor of growth and jobs need to be concordant
with and to protect the societal standards of the society.
In times of mandatory data retention, as communication traffic data has to
be stored for up to two years, it is important to ensure that only an
absolute minimum of data which can be linked to a certain personis stored.
Otherwise any movement in an RFID-enabled "smart" environment could feed
into a behaviour-profile of a potential future surveillance society.
The RFID Expert Group will make it their mission to discuss these and
related issues and to work out possible solutions and necessary regulatory
measures over the next two years; EDRi will contribute to this mission.
EDRI-gram: EU study on RFID tags shows major privacy concerns (25.10.2006)
EDRI-gram: Stakeholder group to advise on EU RFID strategy (28.03.2007)
Results of the Public Online Consultation on Future RFID policy - "The RFID
Revolution: Your voice on the Challenges, Opportunities and Threats"
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) in Europe: steps towards a policy
Mark Weiser, The Computer for the 21st Century, Scientific American
(contribution by EDRI-member Andreas Krisch)
3. The European Parliament voted for stronger data protection
On 21 May 2007, the European Parliament (EP) voted for the reinstallation of
the data protection principles in the legislation that allows the police
forces in Europe to share data.
The European Council, which is the one deciding in police and judicial
matters, had formally asked the EP for its opinion on this issue as, lately,
concern has been expressed on the lack of proper protection of personal data
processed in the framework of police and judicial co-operation in criminal
matters. Such a concern has been expressed also by the European Data
Protection Supervisor (EDPS), Peter Hustinx who, at the end of May, advised
the Council against adopting the Commission's new Council Framework Decision
proposal as he considered the proposal did not provide appropriate data
The MEPs, consulted by the German Presidency, voted in favour of amendments
that would provide stronger data protection.
The German Presidency proposed that the legislation should only apply to
data shared between European police forces and not to data held by national
police forces and the decision of whether it should be applied nationally
will be discussed in three years time by EC.
The proposal is that the police should not send data to other forces that do
not have a proper level of data protection in place. The EP has reinstated
an amendment that would prevent the police from sending data to third
countries that don't have adequate data protection. If the amendment is
voted by the Council, a national harmonisation of police data protection
rules might be forced especially to strengthen the Europe's co-operation to
face US data snooping programmes like PNR and Swift.
Germany's action might also allow new EP amendments that deal with the other
concerns expressed by EDPS last month, to be accepted by the Council at its
meeting this month.
Hopefully the European Council will take into consideration the MEPs' vote
and will take decisions to allow data sharing between police forces in
Europe only with the respect of civil liberties.
Europe votes to restrict police data sharing (23.05.2007)
EDRI-gram: EDPS advises against new data protection framework decision
4. IPRED2 on the DROIPEN table
The Second Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive (IPRED2)
is now going through the Justice and Home Affairs route. On 4 June, it
passed it's first port of call at the Council's Working Group on Substantive
Criminal Law (DROIPEN) - the first step on the road to the decision of EU's
Council of Ministers.
DROIPEN's job is to prepare the Council's first reading on the
directive. The national government representatives might come up with a
proposal that all Member States agree on, or else they will identify
issues that the Ministers of Justice will have to vote on.
According to information kindly shared by some Member States
representatives following DROIPEN's work, the state of play in general
is as follows.
Many delegations feel they need more information in order to prepare
this legislation properly. There is a general reluctance towards this
directive because of the competence issue, so the Council wants to wait for
the ECJ ship pollution verdict before moving on.
Some delegations have expressed views the directive is the wrong tool to
solve the problem and they don't see criminal sanctions as a way
forward. Further, since criminal sanctions are already in place in many
countries there is no need to rush.
Still time should be used to prepare negotiations, but for now, the only
thing that could be said to have been decided is not to take any action
in any direction.
It is now up to the Portuguese Presidency to negotiate what to do next.
One question on the table is if DROIPEN should approach the Article 36
Committee (CATS) to have an expert opinion on some issues before
involving COREPER  2 (Committee of the Permanent Representatives).
The general forecast is that there will be no Council decision before
late fall, and it is likely that issues not resolved in COREPER2 will
end up in JHA Council votes with a North-South dividing outcome.
Meanwhile, outside of Brussels, Member States are working to prepare
their positions on IPRED2. The United Kingdom's Intellectual Property
Office (IPO) is currently collecting comments from British citizens and
companies on the directive.
A comprehensive policy paper was submitted by a coalition from
FFII/EFF/EBLIDA/BEUC to the UK IPO. The policy is available to be passed on
to the Justice Ministry in your own country.
For general interest AIPPI has already in 2002 compiled information on
criminal law sanctions with regard to the infringement of intellectual
property rights. This might give you a starting point in addressing the
issue at the national level or comparing the situation with other relevant
countries from Europe.
Movement on IPRED2 in Brussels and Beyond (4.06.2007)
Backroom Changes May Be Coming for IPRED2 (16.05.2007)
FFII/EFF/EBLIDA/BEUC coalition report on the proposal as amended in
Strasbourg by the European Parliament at its first reading on Wednesday, 25
April, 2007 (25.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: IPRED2 voted in first reading by the European Parliament
AIPPI report: "Question Q169 - Criminal law sanctions with regard to the
infringement of intellectual property rights"
(Thanks to Erik Josefsson - Electronic Frontier Foundation)
5. The French Ministry of Interior has a new interception platform
On 2 May 2007 a new technical platform for the interception of traffic data
in all types of communication systems was discretly put into operation by
the French Ministry of Interior, covering communication data related to text
messages, mobile or Internet.
The security services are now in the position of knowing who has contacted
whom, when and where and, by a simple click, they can obtain from the
telephone operators the list of all calls from and to a subscriber. They can
obtain the subscription documents of the respective person with address and
bank information and can also require all the Internet sites or forum
addresses the respective person has accessed.
The authorised services may require such kind of information from Uclat
(Coordination unit of the anti-terror fight) that manages the technical
centre located in the new headquarters of the security services of the
national police of Levallois-Perret (Hauts-de-Seine), under the supervision
of IGPN (The General Inspection of the National Police).
This comes as a direct result of the Sarkozy law adopted on 23 January 2006
in an emergency procedure, to prevent terrorist acts, after being found
constitutional by the French Constitutional Council. The text of the law
states that Internet Service Providers, Internet cafes, hosting providers
and operators must communicate the traffic data, called numbers, IP
addresses to specialised services in case of investigations related to
suspect terrorist activities.
The law has created serious concerns to the public freedom advocates as well
as to the magistrates as the procedure doesn't need the involvement of
judges and ignores guarantees related to public freedoms.
Since the entering into operation of the new technical platform on 2 May,
the centre has already dealt with 300 requests per week made mostly by DST
(Direction de la surveillance du territoire) and RG (Renseignement
Generaux). According to an estimation, the platform should be able to
address about 20 000 requests per year.
The French justice system is, in its turn, creating its own national
platform that will be finalised by the end of 2008 - beginning of 2009 to
intercept SMSs and record phonecalls, not only for terrorism cases. Although
France is not in the worst position in Europe as concerning data
interceptions being surpassed by Italy, the Netherlands or Germany, the
tendency is obviously towards an increase of the control by the authorities.
The anti-terrorism spies mails and text messages as well (only in French,
EDRI-gram: IRIS protest against delay French government (20.10.2004)
EDRI-gram: France adopts anti-terrorism law (18.01.2006)
EDRI-gram: French anti-terrorism law not anti-constitutional (2.02.2006)
6. Legislation banning "hacking tools" in Germany
The laws on computer crimes have become stricter in Germany where the
creation, use or distribution of so-called "hacking tools" have been banned.
On 23 May 2007, the Committee on Legal Affairs of the Bundestag (the lower
chamber of Germany's Federal Parliament) approved a controversial government
bill meant to improve criminal prosecution of computer crimes.
The Criminal Code has been modified so as to make illegal for the
unauthorized users to access secure data by bypassing the computer security
protection system. The "deliberate acquisition of data by tapping into a
non-public transmission of data or by way of reading radiation leaked by a
data processing system" is now considered a crime.
The German law defines hacking as penetrating a computer security system and
gaining access to secure data, without necessarily stealing data and any
individual or group that intentionally creates, spreads or purchases hacker
tools designed for illegal purposes is considered an offender. Under the
present Criminal Code, the offenders could face fines and up to 10 years
imprisonment for major offences.
These measures have been criticised being considered as counterproductive by
several groups, including EDRI-member Chaos Computer Club, which drew
the attention to the so-called "white hat" hackers who work for security
companies. By this present legislation, these experts could be in the
position of not being allowed to work with software developers in creating
secure products. "It's a win-lose law in favour for the bad guys," wrote a
hacker, known by the pseudonym van Hauser.
Chaos Computer Club also expressed the concern that this legislation will
allow the German Government to install spyware on suspected criminals'
computers without their knowledge.
The critics argue that the legislation does not make any difference between
a password cracker and a password recovery tool for instance. "Forbidding
this software is about as helpful as forbidding the sale and production of
hammers because sometimes they also cause damage," said Chaos Computer Club
spokesman Andy M|ller-Maguhn to Ars Technica who also stated that under the
new law, the police will be able to more easily access information on
Germany declares hacking tools 'verboten' (31.05.2007)
Green light for tightening of anti-hacker legislation (24.05.2007)
Germany leads the way with tough anti-hacking law (25.05.2007)
7. French State Council allows tracing P2P users
The State Council of France validated on 23 May 2007 the automatic tracing
of illegal downloading in P2P networks. This decision cancelled the 18th
October 2005 CNIL (Commission  nationale de l'informatique et des libertis)
decision that rejected the introduction of surveillance devices proposed by
Sacem and other 3 author and producer associations asking for the automatic
tracing of infringements of the intellectual property code.
The State Council believes that such devices are acceptable considering the
extent of the piracy phenomenon in France. The number of downloaded files
decreased by half in 2006 as compared to 2005 but according to GfK institute
this is probably due to the evolution from a quantitative type of
downloading to a qualitative one.
GfK institute has also reached the conclusion that the illegal downloading
in P2P networks have not caused the decrease in the sales of cultural
products but actually "quite the contrary, downloading is really perceived
by half of the Internet users as a promotion vector for artistes."
The State Council's decision was to the liking of the associations the
request of which was rejected by CNIL in 2005. SCPP (Sociiti civile des
producteurs phonographiques), one of these associations, stated that CNIL's
rejection of their request had "not allowed them to take measures to prevent
and repress music piracy that were however taken by most states of the
European Union". In their opinion "France is one of the countries where
Internet piracy is the most developed and where, therefore, the legal music
market develops more slowly".
CNIL reaction to the State Council decision came after two days by stating
that its intention is that of +ensuring a fair balance between the copyright
protection and the protection of the right to private life of Internet
CNIL also stated having already authorized Sell (Syndicat des iditeurs de
logiciels de loisirs) to develop an automatic surveillance system for the
downloading of video games in P2P networks.
In comparison with the systems proposed by the music associations, this
system was approved because it puts less burden on the ISPs and it involves
"only the users that are responsible with the first sharing in a network of
a work or having shared a not yet commercialized work". The surveillance
devices are ready and a request of tenders has been launched.
CNIL will meet the author associations among which Sacem and SCPP as well as
ISPs and the discussions will last for several weeks.All parties have
expressed their willingness to collaborate.
Peer-to-peer: The State Council says yes to the pirate chase (only in
French, 23.05.2007)
Surveillance of P2P networks: CNIL acknowledges the decision of the State
Council (only in French, 25.05.2007)
Peer-to-peer: half downloaded files less in 2006 (only in French,
Peer to peer : CNIL does not authorise the devices presented bu the author
and music producer associations (only in French, 25.10.2005)
8. Slovenian intelligence agency scandal
The Slovenian intelligence agency (SOVA) is monitoring telecommunications
in the Balkans in cooperation with German BND (Bundesnachrichtendienst) and
UK's MI5. Some believe that the recently disclosed secret location in the
Slovenian capital could be a part of Echelon.
The Slovenian intelligence agency is currently a part of a political scandal
which has revealed some secret locations and methods that SOVA was using for
intelligence purposes. Moreover, international credibility in SOVA and
its agents is compromised, as the Slovenian press managed to obtain
classified information regarding SOVA's secret financing, its company of
straw and its international cooperation with other intelligence agencies.
Most likely, the information leaked from the parliamentary committee for
monitoring the secret services activtiy.
The latest disclosure reveals SOVA's secret location for monitoring
international telecommunications in Ljubljana near Telekom Slovenije
(Slovenian Telco) and Siol (the major Slovenian ISP) headquarters, as well
as near the Slovenian Internet Exchange (SIX) and Ljubljana Stock Exchange
(LJSE) buildings.
The Slovenian media is reporting that the above mentioned location was also
used by German BND (Bundesnachrichtendienst) and UK's MI5, especially to
monitor telecommunications in the Balkans. Miso Alkalaj, an IT expert from
Jozef Stefan Institute said he would not be surprised if the location was a
part of Echelon.
An interesting fact is that residents of the block of flats where SOVA has
its secret location, knew that conspiratorial activities were taking
place there. Apart from that, elder residents are able to tell that
the former communist intelligence agency used the same flat to wiretap
telephone conversations.
The other disclosure reveals that Slovenian intelligence agency SOVA
established a webhosting company WEBS, which is presumably a company
of straw that SOVA needed for its intelligence activities.
Having in view the recent events regarding the Slovenian intelligence
agency, it becomes interesting that SOVA's headquarters are located in
Stegne, an industrial area of Ljubljana, where among others, Telekom
Slovenije (Slovenian Telco) has its operational services. Intention or
Telekom Slovenije indirectly admits SOVA's wiretapping (only in Slovenian,
Director of SOVA takes action after disclosure of wrath of foreign
intelligence agencies (only in Slovenian, 30.05.2007)
(Contribution by Aljaz Marn, EDRI-observer, Slovenia)
9. Italian Government criticized by the Free Software Association
After filing a case to the Regional Administrative Tribunal of Lazio
against the Italian Ministry of Work for launching a call for tenders
where only Microsoft software was considered as eligible, Italian NGO Assoli
(Associazione Software Libero) is criticizing again its Government.
The problem arose when the Government - specifically the Ministry for
University and Research, headed by Mr.Fabio Mussi (Left democrats) and the
Ministry for Innovation in the Public Administration,
headed by Mr. Luigi Nicolais (Left democrats) - announced
an official agreement with Microsoft Italia whose main goals are
"education/training, technology transfer and facilitation of research
AsSoLi publicly objected to the agreement by which Microsoft
commits to invest only 737,000 euros - 0.0007% of the total turnover of
the company for 2006, according to AsSoLi's calculations - in three
years, to be subdivided among three research centres. Moreover,
AsSoLi notices that, according to the agreement, the investment will
not take the form of cash, but will rather be performed "through (the
work of) third parties, on the basis of specific needs for hardware
products, software, technical support services and training
activities". On the other hand, continues AsSoLi, the agreement does
not specify what would be the financial burden for the Italian Public
In reaction to what it considered a waste of public money, AsSoLi
officially committed to make available to the Italian Government, for
a period of five years, training activities, training material,
technological solutions and software, either directly or delegating
Italian companies specialised in Free Software, for a value of
about 10.000.000 euros per year - a total value of 50.000.000 euros. AsSoLi
stresses the fact that their offer is absolutely serious.
Moreover, AsSoLi conducted a study on the Microsoft Research Center
located in Trento (Northern Italy). According to the study, Microsoft
invested only 250.000 euros in research activities on their own
products, with the Italian Public Administration paying more than
1.800.000 euros.  The study was sent to hundreds of representatives of
national and local institutions. AsSoLi also announced the forthcoming
release of a second study, providing a more thorough assessment of the
financial elements in the first analysis.
The Italian Government, through its spokesman Mr. Alfonso Lelio, has
recently answered AsSoLi's criticisms, stressing that the agreement
with Microsoft does not mean that the Government is not interested in
investing in Free Software, or is not already doing so, as the
Government claims is the case with the latest budget law, where 10.000.000
euros for 2007-2009 are allocated to "Information Society" projects, with an
explicit priority to those that "develop or use" Free Software.
AsSoLi - Associazione Software Libero
EDRI-Gram 5.72, "Free software needs to be considered in Italian
public acquisitions" (12.04.2007)
AsSoLi offers EUR 10,000,000 to the Italian Government (Italian only,
Text of the proposed agreement with the Italian Government (Italian only,
Study by AsSoLi on the Microsoft Research Center in Trento (Italian only,
Answer of the Italian Government to AsSoLi's criticisms (Italian only,
(contribution by Andrea Glorioso - Italian consultant on digital policies)
10. Launch of Creative Commons Switzerland
On 26 May 2007 the Swiss version of Creative Commons licenses were launched
in Zurich at a ceremony held as the finishing highlight of this year's
Tweakfest, Switzerland's Festival for Media, Culture, and Digital Lifestyle.
The launch was hosted by Digitale Allmend, a Swiss NGO focused on access to
digital information and creativity. Openlaw and Digitale Allmend are
co-leading the Swiss Creative Commons project in a joint effort. With
Switzerland, the Creative Commons licenses are now offered in localized
versions in a total of 37 countries around the world.
John Buckman, Creative Commons board member and founder of magnatune.com,
gave the keynote address, explaining how he developed his website as a
successful example of a Creative Commons based business.
There was live audio and visual performances by DJ Soult and VJ Set from
Pixelpunx.ch who released a number of works under the new Swiss
Creative Commons licenses that evening.
Urs Gehrig from Openlaw explained the system: "The Creative Commons
licensing system simplifies the exchange of cultural goods such as music,
video, text and other creative media."
"We see the porting of Creative Commons licences to Switzerland as an
important step - firstly because the swiss cultural movement will be able to
contribute a variety of interesting works to a global creative community and
secondly in achieving a more balanced choice for creators when deciding how
their works is distributed and accessible." was the declaration of Martin
Feuz from Digitale Allmend.
During the launch, Creative Commons Switzerland announced several upcoming
projects that plan to use the Swiss Creative Commons licenses, including
netlabels (starfrosch.ch, sonicsquirrel.net), two online cultural TV
channels (kulturtv.ch and rebell.tv) or a video art website (lenarmy.ch).
Creative Commons Switzerland
Digitale Allmend - News and videos from CC Switzerland launch (only in
11. Germany is preparing the G8 meeting by searching NGOs servers
The German government decided to prepare the G8 meeting that will take place
during 6-8 June in Heiligendamm, a Baltic seaside resort, by increasing the
number of searches and seizures to NGOs and anti-globalization movements
offices and servers.
During the entire month of May the Federal Prosecutor gave order to the
Police in Hamburg, Berlin and other states to search private homes, offices,
libraries, social centres or other locations were there were located servers
of the anti-globalisation opponents, without making any arrests. The
searches and seizures were explained by the German authorities by the
possibility to create a terrorist organization by the altermondialist German
chapter of the association Attac, a group founded in France to campaign for
a global tax on speculative capital movements to finance development aid.
The association between terrorism and altermondialism was considered as
"scandalous" by the co-president of the Attac France, Aurilie Trouvi,
taking into consideration the objectives of the association: democratisation
of the international institutions, fight against poverty or the preservation
of the natural resources. She rhetorical asked: "Do freedom of expression
and democracy stop were the interests of the richest eight countries begin?"
Peter Wahl from Attac Germany has underlined the obvious political purpose
of this operation: "to discredit the democratic actions that contest the G8
summit. It is an excessive measure that is incompatible with the rule of
Another measure that the German Government took was the temporary suspension
of the Schengen Agreement until 10 June. Every persons travelling to Germany
until that date will have to pass the identity and security controls. The
German authorities have also banned any demonstration near the resort where
the G8 summit will take place.
Searches against the alter movements on Germany (only in France, 17.05.2007)
The police authority Rostock - not the demonstrators - are severely damaging
the reputation of the Federal Republic of Germany (17.05.2007)
Germany: Police raid G8 activists (5.2007)
Despite Germany's Tight Controls, Violence (3.06.2007)
12. Agenda
8 May - 22 July 2007, Austria
Annual decentralized community event around free software lectures,
panel discussions, workshops, fairs and socialising
11-15 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Fourth Session
11-12 June 2007, Strasbourg, France
Council of Europe - Octopus Interface 2007 - Cooperation against Cybercrime
12 June 2007, Berlin, Germany
German Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information -
Symposium "Data Protection in Europe"
14 June 2007, Paris, France
ENISA/EEMA European eIdentity conference - Next Generation Electronic
Identity - eID beyond PKI
15-17 June 2007, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Creative Commons iSummit 2007
17-22 June 2007 Seville, Spain
19th Annual FIRST Conference, "Private Lives and Corporate Risk"
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
28 June 2007, London, UK
First London CC-Salon organized by Free Culture London and the Open Rights
8-12 August 2007, near Berlin, Germany
Chaos Communication Camp 2007
"In Fairy Dust We Trust!"
5-11 September 2007
Ars Electronica Festival - Festival for Art, Technology and Society
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-06-20 20:15:05
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.12, 20 June 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.12, 20 June 2007
1. Update on a Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data
2. PCDA brings a major change in the WIPO mandate
3. Pr|m's Treaty is now included into the EU legal framework
4. French collective society sues P2P producers
5. Privacy Ranking of Internet Service Companies
6. European Visa Information System accepted by the EU bodies
7. Google answers Article 29 Working Party on data protection standards
8. ENDitorial: The 2001 CoE Cybercrime Convention more dangerous than ever
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Update on a Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data
The Council of the European Union disscused again in its Justice and Home
Affairs Council meeting on 12-13 June 2007 the Council Framework Decision on
the protection of personal data processed in the framework of police and
judicial co-operation in criminal matters, without making any clear steps
for its adoption or taking into consideration the European Data Protection
Supervisor (EDPS) comments.
The conclusions of the Council meeting note that the new framework decision
will be based on the Council of Europe established minimum data protection
principles set by the Convention of 28 January 1981 for the protection of
individuals with regard to automatic processing of personal data and its
Additional Protocol of 8 November 2001, including Recommendation (87)15
regulating the use of personal data in the police sector.
It also announced that it would "examine all solutions suggested by the
European Parliament" that voted in favour of amendments that would provide
stronger data protection, and expects "to reach a political agreement on
the proposal as soon as possible and at the latest by the end of 2007."
The Council conclusions did not give any consideration to the opinions
expressed earlier this year by the EDPS that advised against adopting the
proposal considering it failed to provide appropriate data protection.
EDPS reacted also to the latest conclusions by making an appeal to the
Portuguese presidency of the European Union in a public letter sent to the
Ministers for Justice and Interior . Peter Hustinx showed his concern
that a number of agreements on new anti-terrorist measures have been
concluded without fully considering the impact on fundamental rights.
"I fear that messages such as 'no right to privacy until
life and security are guaranteed' are developing into a mantra suggesting
that fundamental rights and freedoms are a luxury that security can not
afford. I very much challenge that view and stress that there should be no
doubt that effective anti-terror measures can be framed within the
boundaries of data protection" said Hustinx.
EDPS expresses his concern that such a negative approach to individual
privacy rights reveals an apparent lack of understanding of the framework of
human rights law. This framework has always allowed for necessary and
proportionate measures to combat crime and terrorism. This negative approach
also ignores the lessons learned about the abuse of fundamental rights from
dealing with terrorism within Europe's borders over the last 50 years.
EDPS also considered that its relationship with the Council of the European
Union needs further improvement. Consequently, he makes himself available as
an advisor on all matters concerning personal data processing so that the
Council may adopt effective and legitimate new policies.
The delay in adopting the Council Framework Decision has been criticized
also by the European Commission, through Vice-president Franco Frattini,
responsible for Justice, Freedom and Security that "regrets that the
Framework Decision is not yet adopted, in particular because the
Commission's proposal for the Framework Decision was already tabled in 2005
and it only establishes a minimum level of harmonisation of data protection
The Commission also encouraged the Council to give priority to the
discussions on the Framework Decision in order to reach a political
agreement on the this act as soon as possible.
Council Conclusions concerning the Council Framework Decision on the
protection of personal data processed in the framework of police and
judicial co-operation in criminal matters (12.06.2007)
Data protection - Proposal for a Framework Decision on the protection of
personal data processed in the framework of police and judicial cooperation
in criminal matters (12.06.2007)
Presidency work programme and the protection of individuals with regard to
the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data
EDPS letter to incoming Portuguese presidency: fundamental rights are not
captives of security (12.06.2007)
EDRI-gram: The European Parliament voted for stronger data protection
EDRI-gram: EDPS advises against new data protection framework decision
2. PCDA brings a major change in the WIPO mandate
During 11-15 June 2007, the Provisional Committee on Proposals for a WIPO
(World Intellectual Property Organization) Development Agenda (PCDA) had
meetings during which WIPO members negotiated agreements on several
proposals for new activities of the UN organization.
"This is a major achievement. It's a complete overhaul of the WIPO concept,
broadening it to reflect society's growing concern with ownership of
technologies and knowledge, and its effects for the future, both in
developed and developing countries" was the statement of a participant in
the meetings.
Six clusters of proposals, labelled A to F, were under discussion during the
meeting on issues such as open collaborative projects, intellectual property
protection, and development impact assessments. An agreement was reached on
21 proposals that came now besides the 24 agreed upon during the meeting on
23 February. All of the 45 proposals agreed this year will be adopted by the
General Assembly and implemented in September.
The initial idea of reforming WIPO came in 2004 from Argentina and Brazil
and the 45 proposals have resulted from the 111 proposals made by various
countries during a two-year period.
Proposals agreed during this last meeting covered domains such as technical
assistance, rule making, technology transfer, development impact
assessments, WIPO's mandate, touching topics such as protection to
competition, access to knowledge and open collaborative models to support
public domain.
A new WIPO Committee on Development and IP was recommended for setting up to
replace PCDA and the Permanent Committee on Cooperation for Development
Related to Intellectual Property (PCIPD). The proposed committee would hold
its first meeting in the first half of 2008.
The new committee's tasks will be to elaborate a work programme for the
implementation of the proposed recommendations, to "monitor, assess, discuss
and report on the implementation of all recommendations adopted, discuss IP
and development related issues as agreed by the Committee, as well as those
decided by the General Assembly."
The director general of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO),
Dr.Kamil Idris has considered the discussions as "a milestone in the history
of the Organization". "This process and the spirit of compromise and mutual
understanding in which it took place, is an important contribution to
international efforts to promote the development of a balanced intellectual
property system that is responsive to the needs and interests of all
countries - developed and developing alike" he added.
James Love, director of the NGO- Knowledge Ecology International (KEI)
explained the importance of the result: "After three years, WIPO has
produced a meaningful and welcome new vision for WIPO. The governments who
participated in the negotiations agreed that WIPO is no longer only to
pursue mindless expansions of intellectual property rights, but now is a
place to discuss a broad range of topics, including measures to protect or
promote access to knowledge, the implications and benefits of a rich and
accessible public domain, and strategies for dealing with abuses of rights,
or other measures to protect the public interest."
He also emphasised the need to continue the common efforts for the
implementation of the Development Agenda: "Having concluded a difficult and
quite meaty negotiation over WIPO's purpose and direction, there will be an
effort to implement the new Development Agenda. The next two to three years
will be critical. One has to prudently wonder how sustainable is the
interest in this reform effort. The institutional juggernaut behind stronger
IPR is well financed and permanent, and the opposition is often poorly
resourced and episodic."
In A 'Major Achievement', WIPO Negotiators Create New Development Mandate
WIPO Committee Reaches Breakthrough Agreements On Development Agenda
Final PCDA Recommendations to 2007 General Assembly (15.06.2007)
KEI Statement on conclusion of WIPO Development Agenda negotiations
WIPO Director General Welcomes Major Breakthrough following Agreement on
Proposals for a WIPO Development Agenda (18.06.2007)
Blogging WIPO: The New Development Agenda (18.06.2007)
3. Pr|m's Treaty is now included into the EU legal framework
The EU has adopted as its own law, with very little alterations, the
so-called Pr|m Treaty, signed on 27 May 2005 by Belgium, Germany, Spain,
France, Luxembourg, The Netherlands and Austria, which allowed the police
forces of their countries to compare and exchange data more easily.
The new law, adopted by the European Parliament's report of Fausto Correia
(PES, PT) and approved by the Council of Ministers during a meeting of the
justice and home office ministers last week, gives the EU member-states
three years to rewrite domestic laws in order to comply with it.
"Member states have to adopt legislation on the basis of the decision. They
can copy and paste it, it is self-explaining, not like a Directive, which
contains only objectives. This agreement contains a huge amount of
legislation concerning DNA data and data protection rules." said a spokesman
of the European Council.
Peter Hustinx, the EDPS, still expresses his concern and his disappointment
for not having been listened to. "It seems that Council has not sufficiently
taken my remarks into account."
The new rules will open up police databases but not fully, said the Home
Office spokeswoman: "The primary aspects of this are data sharing on
fingerprints, DNA samples and vehicle registrations."
"What will happen now is that countries will have the ability automatically
to determine immediately whether a member state holds matching DNA or
fingerprint information, but they won't have automatic access to the
databases or the information itself," she added.
UK had previously resisted joining the Pr|m Treaty. "The implications of
this treaty are far reaching and will affect all EU citizens," said Philip
Bradbourn, Conservative  justice and home affairs spokesman. However, UK has
signed this new EU deal.
"We are sleepwalking into a Big Brother Europe while our government stands
idly by" said Syed Kamall, a British Conservative MEP.
Police will share data across Europe against privacy chief's advice
DNA data deal 'will create Big Brother Europe' (11.06.2007)
Pr|m Treaty will allow EU27 to exchange DNA data to fight crime (7.06.2007)
Controversial data-sharing deal to get the go-ahead (12.06.2007)
EDRI-gram: From Schengen to Pr|m: Data Protection under 3rd pillar a
prerequisite (28.02.2007)
4. French collective society sues P2P producers
Under the cover of the DADVSI law with the so-called Vivendi amendment
(initiated by Vivendi Universal) the French association SPPF (Sociiti des producteurs de phonogramme en France - The French collective society for
phonogram producers representing the independent labels) started a legal
action against P2P software producers.
The Vivendi amendment, strongly debated in the Parliament, but supported by
Nicolas Sarkozy and barely passed by the Joint Committee of the National
Assembly and the Senate, considers as criminal the creation and distribution
of all software obviously intended to provide to public some unauthorised
copyrighted works. The non-compliance is punished by three years of prison
and a 300 000 Euro fine. From a civil law point of view, the amendment
obliges the creators of the P2P software to implement prevention measures in
order to prohibit downloading alleged illegal content.
The amendment gave SPPF the opportunity to file ridiculous actions against
two P2P software producers Morpheus and Azureus with a third, Shareaza,
being next in line to be sued.
SPPF initiated the suit as a civil action, considering the criminal actions
would have been too complicated to organize. Also the civil actions give the
possibility to ask for consistent damages as stated Jirtme Roger, SPPF
director. SPPF asks 16.6 millions Euros from Azureus and 3.7 millions Euros
from Morpheus. The figures are based on a poll carried out by AdVestigo
company, of downloads in the P2P networks over a period of 10 months on a
sample of 4750 titles. Then the results were enlarged for their entire
catalogue of 475 000 titles and the total was multiplied with 2 Euros (1
Euro as the price for a sale and 1 Euro as damages).
France : SPFF attacks Morpheus, Azureus and Shareaza (only in French,
P2P : Details on the legal actions of  SPPF (only in French, 12.06.2007)
EDRI-gram : Update on French EUCD Transposition (29.03.2006)
5. Privacy Ranking of Internet Service Companies
Privacy International (PI) has undertaken a study that reveals the
privacy threats and rank the positions in this matter of key players on the
Internet services market. The objective of the research is not only to point
fingers but also to find out trends and emergent issues related to privacy
on the Internet.
The report was issued by PI after a six-month investigation on the privacy
practices covering search, email, e-commerce and social networking sites.
The methodology used included 20 main parameters among which data
collection and processing, data retention, openness and transparency or
responsiveness to customers' complaints.
Data was gathered from newspaper articles, privacy policies, blogs,
submissions to government inquiries, information obtained from present and
former company staff, technical analyses and interviews with company
Because the 2007 rankings are a precedent, PI will regard the current report
as a consultation report and will establish a broad outreach for two months
to ensure that any new and relevant information is taken into account before
publishing a full report in September.
The research has coded the companies by colour, from green "privacy-friendly
and privacy enhancing", to black, "comprehensive consumer surveillance and
entrenched hostility to privacy". While there was no company ranked in the
green area, and only few were ranked blue, "generally privacy aware", (such
as eBay, LiveJournal, Wikipedia), the only company coded black by the
preliminary stage of the research was Google.
Google was mostly criticized for its lack of transparency, PI considering
that its data retention policy was not very clear. "Google maintains records
of all search strings and the associated IP-addresses and time stamps for at
least 18 to 24 months and does not provide users with an expungement
option. Google has access to additional personal information, including
hobbies, employment, address, and phone number, contained within user
profiles in Orkut. Google often maintains these records even after a user
has deleted his profile or removed information from Orkut."
Google's privacy policy was considered "vague, incomplete and possibly
deceptive", and its response to customers' complaints, a poor one.
A Google employee's blog, Matt Cutts, complained by the fact that the
company was not given credit for not handing over data to the US Government
and for not having leaked search queries of its users.
In an open letter addressed to Google's CEO Eric Schmidt, Privacy
International accused Google for having smeared its good name. "Two European
journalists have independently told us that Google representatives have
contacted them with the claim that 'Privacy International has a conflict of
interest regarding Microsoft'." PI also stated no company had made such
accusation in its 17 years of life.
PI asked for an apology from Google, "but if you cannot deliver this then I
think you should reflect carefully on the actions of your representatives
before embarking on what I believe amounts to a smear campaign. As with
Microsoft, eBay and any other organisation we are more than happy to work
with you to help resolve the many privacy challenges for Google that our
report has highlighted."
A Race to the Bottom: Privacy Ranking of Internet Service Companies, A
Consultation report (9.06.2007)
Privacy International accuses Google of smear campaign (11.06.2007)
Why I disagree with Privacy International (11.06.2007)
An Open Letter to Google (10.06.2007)
6. European Visa Information System accepted by the EU bodies
The legislative package on the Visa Information System (VIS) was
adopted by the European Parliament and a political agreement was
reached within the Justice and Home Affairs Council in the last couple of
weeks. This means that the final steps have been adopted to create the
biggest biometric database in the world.
The VIS Legislative package is formed by the VIS Regulation and the VIS
Decision. The VIS Regulation will allow consulates and other competent
authorities to start using the system when processing visa applications and
to check visas. The VIS Decision will allow police and law enforcement
authorities to consult the data under certain conditions that should ensure
a high level of data protection.
The European Parliament adopted on 7 June 2007 two reports from Baroness
Sarah Ludford (ALDE, UK). The first report that adopted the VIS regulation
aimed at preventing an applicant who is refused a visa by one Schengen
country from applying to others ("visa shopping"), but also facilitating the
fight against fraud and checks at external borders.
The second report that adopted the VIS decision stated that the access to
the VIS database should be "limited to those who 'have a need to know' and
possess appropriate knowledge about data security and data protection
rules". The report stresses that "adequate provisions have to be provided
for to ensure the necessary data protection", and that such data "shall only
be processed for the purposes of the prevention, detection, investigation
and prosecution of terrorist offences or other serious criminal offences."
The report also states that "personal data obtained...from the VIS shall not
be transferred or made available to a third country or to an international
Less than a week later the VIS package obtained the political agreement in
the Justice and Home Affairs Council, thus making the new system almost a
reality, because the new rules need just to be formally approved by the EU
member-states governments.
The Visa Information System will store data on up to 70 million people
concerning visas for visits to or transit through the Schengen Area. This
data will include biometrics (photographs and fingerprints) and written
information such as the name, address and occupation of the applicant, date
and place of the application, and any decision taken by the Member State
responsible to issue, refuse, annul, revoke or extend the visa. Citizens of
more than 100 countries need a visa to enter the EU.
The Baroness Sarah Ludford MEP insisted that "the VIS is a
border-management system and its principle is not to combat terrorism and
crime. Let us remember that 99.9% of visitors to the EU are legitimate
travellers who do not have any connection with criminality whatsoever, nor
indeed do illegal immigrants or unauthorised entrants."
The Conservatives have condemned the reports as an invasion of privacy
rights, and have called on UK government to opt out. European Data
Protection Supervisor Peter Hustinx expressed his concern: "The circle of
data subjects that can be included in this system is not limited to data of
persons suspected or convicted of specific crimes."
EU visa information system to help prevent visa shopping (7.06.2007)
Visa Information System (VIS): The JHA-Council reaches a political agreement
on the VIS Regulation and VIS Decision (12.06.2007)
EU to create world's biggest bio-data pool (13.06.2007)
EU backs biometrics visa database (8.06.2007)
EDRI-gram: EU Visa Database under scrutiny of the European Data Protection
Supervisor (2.02.2006)
7. Google answers Article 29 Working Party on data protection standards
Google has answered several questions related to its data protection
standards addressed by the Article 29 Working Party, especially on the
period after which the anonymisation of the search server logs can be
Initially Google announced in March 2007 a reduction of the retention period
for data related to users and their searches to 18-24 months, but, after the
Article 29 Working Party's letter, Peter Fleischer, global privacy counsel
at Google, accepted a period of 18 months. However, he
also stated that the period could be extended to 24 months, depending on the
implementation of the Data retention directive in some of the EU member
Google explained that the period is necessary to use for logs in their
activities, such as spell-checking help, preventing abuse and fraud or
helping users refining their search queries based on previous experiences.
The privacy counsel has also used as one of the main reasons for keeping the
logs, the requirements of the Data retention directive that will require the
state members to keep the traffic data between 6 and 24 months. But he also
raised several questions marks regarding the clarity of the text of the
However, Philippos Mitletton, that works for the European Commission's Data
Protection Unit, explained to Out-Law that the data retention directive
should not apply to Google
"The Data Retention Directive applies only to providers of publicly
available electronic communications services or of public communication
networks and not to search engine systems. Accordingly, Google is not
subject to this Directive as far as it concerns the search engine part of
its applications and has no obligations thereof."
But Google's letter goes beyond the text of the directive and expresses
concerns about the possibile extentions of the directive's purpose at the
implementation of the Data Retention Directive in each EU member-state. It
also reffers to the German Ministry of Justice proposal that webmail
providers should be required to verify the identity of their
account holders and asks " Could we challenge its legality in court, either
as an unconstitutional infringement of privacy, or as an example of
jurisdictional over-reach?" In practice, the German working group against
data retention has already gathered a lot of supporters for a constitutional
court challenge against the data retention law, that would be the largest
constitutional court case in Germany ever.
The letter Google has sent to the Article 29 Working Party points also to
other privacy-sensitive issues raised. The major search engine explained
that its anonymisation process deletes the final digits of the logged IP
addresses and that the process is irreversible, even for Google staff.
Fleischer explained also the Google position regarding cookies: "We believe
that cookies data management in a user's browser is fundamentally a
browser/client issue, not a service/server issue. Therefore, the lifetime of
a cookie does not indicate or imply any enforcement of data retention. We
also believe that cookie lifetimes should not be so short as to expire and
force users to re-enter basic preferences (such as language preference).
Nonetheless, we acknowledge that cookie lifetimes should be "proportionate"
to the data processing being performed."
Article29 Working party letter to Google (16.05.2007)
Google response to Article 29 Working Party (10.06.2007)
How long should Google remember searches? (11.06.2007)
Google makes data retention concession(12.06.2007)
Data retention laws do not cover Google searches, says Europe (13.06.2006)
EDRI-gram: Privacy bodies investigate Google's data protection standards
EDRI-gram: Google limits the search data retention period (28.03.2007)
8. ENDitorial: The 2001 CoE Cybercrime Convention more dangerous than ever
The Council of Europe (CoE) has definitely highly prioritised the broad
ratification, all over the world, of its Convention on Cybercrime, opened to
signatures since November 2001 and entered into force on 1 July 2004. As
part of its efforts to achieve this goal, a conference on "Cooperation
against cybercrime" was held in Strasbourg on 11-12 June 2007, to which EDRI
was invited to participate with a presentation (some of the participants
presentations are available on the conference website).
This conference was organized in the framework of the CoE Octopus programme
against corruption and organised crime in Europe, three years after the 2004
venue on "The challenge of cybercrime" and two years after the joint CoE-OAS
(Organisation of American States) conference on "Cybercrime: a global
challenge, a global response". The CoE has also been promoting this
Convention in many international fora, including the World Summit on the
Information Society and its following-up Internet Governance Forum. Finally,
it has held numerous regional meetings and training events for member States
and third States to help them implement Convention -ready or -compatible
provisions in their legislations.
Almost 140 participants attended the conference (list available on the
conference website). They were mainly law enforcement authorities (LEAs)
from all over the world (representing 49 countries from the 5 continents),
plus 12 intergovernmental organisations (among them EUROPOL, INTERPOL, and
ENISA - the European network and information security agency), 3 non
governmental organisations (EDRI, ICMEC - the International Centre for
Missing and exploited children, and the French Human Rights League), 3
international multi-stakeholders forums (the Inhope association of Internet
hotlines, the Anti-Phishing forum and the London Action Plan against spam)
and 3 private sector (Microsoft, NASSCOM - India's national association for
software and service companies, and RSA).
Surprisingly, no representative from ISPs attended, and none of them was
invited to make a presentation, although the Convention on Cybercrime puts a
severe burden on them since most of its procedural provisions (articles 16
to 21) are directly requiring the cooperation of ISPs in order to achieve
preservation, production, search and seizure of stored computer data,
real-time collection of traffic data and interception of content data.
However, Microsoft was well represented and obviously given an important
role in the conference with no less than 3 presentations in plenary
sessions. A presentation by Alexander Seger, Head of Technical Cooperation
in the Department of Crime Problems (CoE DG of Legal Affairs) gave a clue to
understand this special treatment: the CoE has launched a new project
against cybercrime, "a global project to support European and non-European
countries to accede and implement the Convention on cybercrime or its
Protocol on xenophobia and racism", (details on the project available on the
conference website), which started on September 2006 for a duration of 30
months. The overall budget is 1.7 million euros, of which only 550,000 euros
are currently available: 290,000 euros from the CoE own funding and 260,000
euros from Microsoft contribution.
It has to be noted that this private funding is new practice to the CoE, to
the extent that Microsoft funding had to be approved by the CoE Council of
Ministers. As Alexander Seger suggested in his presentation, "other donors
(public and private) [are] invited to join this project" and "beyond this
project, CoE may now seek stronger cooperation with the private sector". If
such extension is indeed realised in the future, one may wonder whether the
CoE will be able to remain the reference it currently represents in terms of
respect for human rights, democracy and the rule of law. Interestingly
enough, this trend in having CoE projects funded by the private sector
starts with this very Convention on cybercrime, probably the only one among
the current 200 CoE Treaties which have been so criticized by human rights
NGOs, as EDRI reminded in its presentation. While Alexander Seger and
Microsoft representatives insisted on the fact that "no specific condition
[has been] attached to the financial contribution from Microsoft", it would
be quite naive to find this "guarantee" satisfactory: agenda -setting
and -pushing is certainly already worth the money spent.
The interest of companies like Microsoft in such a project is directly
linked to the substantive provisions of the Convention (articles 2 to 13),
which aim at harmonizing the criminalisation of the commission of "offences
against the confidentiality, integrity and availability of computer data and
systems" (art. 2-6), "computer related offences" (forgery and fraud, art.
7-8), "content-related offences" (Internet child pornography, art. 9),
"offences related to infringements of copyright and related rights" (art.
10) or attempting, aiding or abetting the commission of such offences (art.
Copyright infringement was almost not evoked during the 2007 conference. The
fight against Internet child pornography served as the consensual vehicle to
promote such tools as both the Convention and private hotlines: concerns
regarding the respect for the rule of law, as raised by EDRI, were received,
as usual, with suspicion of laxity. EDRI was the only participant pointing
to the fact that the additional Protocol against racism and xenophobia could
only be ratified by countries that already criminalise in their national
laws the dissemination of such content, as well as insults and threats based
on racism and xenophobia. Thus, it would never solve cases such as the
famous Yahoo! case between France and the USA, simply because, as EDRI
noted, the Convention and its Protocol fail to address the major issue of
the competence of jurisdictions.
The real big issues for LEAs during this conference were the most prevalent
threats as well as the new trends they perceive in current cybercrime
activities: spamming, phishing and its many variants using SMS (SMSishing),
VoIP (Vishing), DNS redirections (pharming), the use of botnets, the use of
P2P networks and instant messaging systems, were among the many identified
aspects of a proteiform cybercrime. Although all the presentations on these
trends (specially from Europol and from French LEAs) acknowledged the lack
of statistics and the difficulty to gather data on this kind of crime, they
were able to agree on its current volume and its broadening, and to conclude
on the increased need to limit - if not forbid - anonymity and encryption of
exchanges, to better control the Internet use from cybercafes and other
public places, and, last but not least, to further extend cooperation with
private sector (telecom operators and ISPs) and communication and exchange
of data among LEAs for mutual assistance purposes.
International cooperation between LEAs is exactly the subject of the
numerous remaining provisions of the Convention (articles 23 to 35). In
summary, these provisions allow any State party to the Convention to request
from any other party the communication of data collected under the
provisions of articles 16 to 21, without any dual criminality requirement
(except if relevant reservation has been made upon ratification) and with
very limited possibility of refusal: actually, as Henrik Kaspersen,
professor at the Free university of Amsterdam and chair of the committee of
the CoE Convention on cybercrime, analysed, the current 43 signatories
(among them 21 having ratified the text) made a quite moderate use of
reservations. Moreover, the Convention conditions and safeguards (article
15) are far from being adequate and harmonised among the State parties to
the Treaty: although the EU Article 29 working group warned against this and
other failures of the Convention when the text was still being drafted, its
opinion was not taken into account. With the extension of the Convention to
States with far less privacy safeguards than the CoE member States - which
are bound by the European Convention on Human Rights -, starting with the
USA, this threat is becoming to realise the worst fears of the Global
Internet Liberty Campaign (GILC) international coalition of NGOs - among
them future EDRI founders - when it published in 2001 its "Eight Reasons the
International Cybercrime Treaty Should be Rejected", after a long campaign
against the eventually signed Convention.
Furthermore, although one can argue that, since 2001, the situation has
become even worse with laws adopted all over the world, including at the
European Union level, it has to be acknowledged that "the CoE Convention on
cybercrime opened the way to more and more invasive laws", as EDRI concluded
at the end of its presentation at this conference, leading to have "on-line
activities and behaviours more criminalised than their off-line equivalent
and citizens benefit from less protections and safeguards on-line than
off-line". In order to limit the risk that, six years after its signature,
the CoE Convention on cybercrime becomes more dangerous than ever, EDRI
advocated, "before any further extension in scope and/or
ratification/accession, (the) need for an assessment of the Convention and
its national implementations with regards to human rights, democracy and the
rule of law". Finally, in the same way as EDRI considers that, at the EU
level, data protection under third pillar is a prerequisite to any
broadening of information systems in criminal matters, EDRI recommended that
the Council of Europe "devote[s] an equivalent energy to extend
ratifications/accessions to Convention no.108 for the protection of
individuals with regard to automatic processing of personal data". But such
a goal does not seem to be on CoE agenda.
CoE Octopus Conference 2007 (11-12.06.2007)
CoE Octopus Conference 2004 (15-17.09.2004)
Joint COE-OAS Conference 2005 (12-13.10.2005)
EU Article 29 WP Opinion on the CoE Draft Convention on Cybercrime
GILC coalition "Treaty Watch" website
IRIS dossier of the campaign against the Convention and its Protocol (only
in French)
EDRI-gram: From Schengen To Pr|m: Data Protection Under 3Rd Pillar A
Prerequisite (28.02.2007)
CoE Convention no.108 on data ptrotection (28.01.1981)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
9. Recommended Reading
Belgian Biometric Passport does not get a pass...
Your personal data are in danger!
Centre for Educational Research and Innovation - Giving Knowledge for Free
The Emergence of Open Educational Resources
10. Agenda
8 May - 22 July 2007, Austria
Annual decentralized community event around free software lectures,
panel discussions, workshops, fairs and socialising
17-22 June 2007 Seville, Spain
19th Annual FIRST Conference, "Private Lives and Corporate Risk"
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
28 June 2007, London, UK
First London CC-Salon organized by Free Culture London and the Open Rights
8-12 August 2007, near Berlin, Germany
Chaos Communication Camp 2007
"In Fairy Dust We Trust!"
5-11 September 2007, Linz, Austria
Ars Electronica Festival - Festival for Art, Technology and Society
25 September 2007, Montreal, Canada
Civil Society Workshop: Privacy Rights In A World Under Surveillance
A one-day workshop organized by the International Civil Liberties Monitoring
Group (ICLMG) in cooperation with Canadian and international civil rights
and privacy organizations ahead of the 29th International Conference of Data
Protection and Privacy Commissioners in Montreal.
12-15 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Government of Brazil will host the second Internet Governance Forum
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-03-14 19:33:52
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.5, 14 March 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.5, 14 March 2007
1. YouTube blocked for 2 days in Turkey
2. French High Court cancels the creation of illegal migrants database
3. Cross-border wiretapping proposed by the Swedish Government
4. Consumer Protection Commissioner wants to see changes in iTunes
5. Russian deputy sues a commentator on his blog for insult
6. UK Home Office plans to fingerprint children starting 11
7. Consolidated "Audiovisual without Frontiers" Directive
8. ENDitorial: French law on delinquency: the threat to FoE is elsewhere
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. YouTube blocked for 2 days in Turkey
The video-sharing website Youtube, was blocked on 7 March 2007
by a court order in Turkey, after some videos insulting Turkey's founding
father, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk had been uploaded on its servers. The ban was
lifted two days later, when the videos were removed from the website.
Some of the videos, considered offending by the court, presented Ataturk and
the Turkish people as homosexuals. In others, insults were proffered to the
Turkish flag and Ataturk's portrait.
The court ordered the Turkish ISPs to block the video-sharing website, based
on Article 301 from the Turkish Penal Code, known as the main
obstacle to freedom of speech. Article 301 considers insulting Ataturk as
well Turkishness as a crime. However, after a petition from Turk Telekom,
the court has made it clear that it will changeits decision if the videos
are removed.
Turkey's leading ISP, Turk Telecom blocked the site right away after
receiving the decision. The head of the company Paul Doany confirmed:
"We are not in a position to say if the YouTube video was insulting, we just
respect the court's decision."
The order was heavily criticized in Turkey and abroad. Reporters Without
Borders quickly reacted by saying that "Blocking all access to a
video-sharing site because of a few videos that are considered offensive is
a radical and inappropriate measure."
One of the editorialists at Hurriyet pointed out that the blocking just made
the problem worst: "While protesting a video clip which at first only a
handful of people even knew about, and then moving to block its broadcast in
Turkey, what we achieved was that now, the entire country knows about it. "
A common declaration has been published by 17 NGOs in the IT field, where
they have protested against every attempt of filtering the Internet
including the recent YouTube event, underlining that the latter has became
"an unlucky progress" as it indicates the future threats against the
Internet. "This is another proof that Internet is not correctly understood,
because the procedure for preventing the YouTube access is the same with the
procedure for the printed press. It is like closing a whole library because
of a single book which was found improper."
Two days later, after the videos were removed from the Youtube website, the
court lifted the ban, so the site is now again accessible from Turkey.
However, the penal case continues and the court tries to identify the person
that has uploaded the videos to the website.
YouTube unblocked after withdrawal of videos insulting Ataturk (9.03.2007)
Turkey revokes YouTube ban (10.03.2007)
YouTube: We didn't solve the problem, just made it worse (8.03.2007)
The ban on Turks by Turks (12.03.2007)
Informatica/Information/Consumer NGOs - "Own your Internet" Declaration
2. French High Court cancels the creation of illegal migrants database
In a decision published on 13 March, the Conseil d'Itat, the French
highest administrative court, cancelled the ministerial order
("Arrjti") by which the Interior Ministry created the ELOI file, a
database aimed at facilitating the expulsion of illegal migrants. On
2 October 2006, four French NGOs filed this case against the
Interior minister: CIMADE and GISTI (two associations defending the
rights of migrants), LDH (the French Human Rights League), and French
EDRI member IRIS. While the database creation itself is allowed by
the French code on immigration and asylum (CESEDA), the NGOs argued
that the ELOI file would contain excessive and inadequate personal
data on the foreigners themselves, their children, the citizens with
which they were staying, and their visitors in retention centres.
Moreover, these data were supposed to be kept for an excessive
During the proceedings of the case, the French Ministry of Interior
had to downsize its expectations, recognizing that no data should be
kept on some categories of retention centres visitors (members of
Parliament, social workers, doctors, and specially habilitated NGOs,
like volunteers from CIMADE). It also had to recognize that keeping
data about visitors for 3 months rather than 3 years was enough,
clearly showing how arbitrarily this duration had been initially set.
However, at this step the Conseil d'Itat has only based its decision
on a procedural issue: given that the database was supposed to
include a digitised photograph of illegal migrants, the ministry of
Interior should not have created the database by a simple ministerial
order, but rather by an administrative decree ('Dicret') submitted to
the Conseil d'Itat after consulting the CNIL, the French data
protection authority.
Beyond the fact that the French administrative court reminded the
French Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy - who is currently running
for French presidency - that he, too, had to obey the law, this
decision acknowledges that a digitised photograph is a biometric
identifier, even when not processed by automatic facial recognition
software. Although based on the CESEDA rather than on the French data
protection law, this ruling by the highest administrative court is
important since there is no official definition in France of what is
a biometric identifier.
On the very day of the ruling, the French Ministry of Interior
announced that it had submitted the new draft decree to the CNIL, and
that "the Conseil d'Itat has not found valid the arguments claiming
that the ELOI database was infringing fundamental freedoms". This
claim is refuted by the 4 NGOs in a press release, since the French
court has judged first, as usual, upon procedural arguments, without
the need to examine the substance of the complaint. The NGOs
announced that if the new database characteristics remain the same,
this would be as unacceptable as the former file. They now call the
CNIL and the Conseil d'Itat to make fundamental rights prevail on the
temptation of generalized indexing of people.
French ministry of Interior press release (in French only, 13.03.07)
Cancelling of ELOI file: after the victory of law, the CNIL and the Conseil
d'Itat must make rights prevail (in French only, 13.03.2007)
IRIS dossier on the case, with all legal documents (in French only)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
3. Cross-border wiretapping proposed by the Swedish Government
Mikael Odenberg, the Swedish defence minister presented on 8 March 2007 a
draft law to the parliament that would give the national defence
intelligence agency the power to monitor all cross-border phone calls and
email traffic without court order.
The proposal, which according to the government, is meant to combat
terrorism and other threats to national security, would allow the National
Defence Radio Establishment (FRA) to use computer software to search for
sensitive keywords in all cross-border phone and e-mail communications.
Although the Government states that this would affect only a small part of
the electronic communications and that communication exchanged between
Swedes will be filtered, critics are concerned that this proposal is too far
reaching, being among the most advanced in Europe. They consider it is
impossible to eliminate from this programme private communications between
Swedes  as e-mails are often routed via a server abroad.
Even SAPO, the national security police agency, has criticized the proposal,
considering it violates personal integrity.
The Swedish Legislative Council, with some suggestions for amendments,
especially related to FRA and its monitoring, has given its approval on the
governmental proposal encouraging the defence minister to continue his
"I am now going to continue preparing a proposal. The first thing I will do
is to contact the Social Democrats and consult with them as to how best to
apply the Legislative Council's constructive suggestions," stated Odenberg.
Thomas Bodstroem, head of the opposition Social Democrats, accused the
defense minister of trying to "cover up" the fact that, in the future, the
military would have a similar role in fighting crime as that of the police
and that FRA, unlike the police, would not need a court order to begin the
"We have to ask the question: Do we want this change, and if we do,
shouldn't we carry out a thorough examination first," said Bodstroem.
A 12-month delay in discussing the draft law can be obtained by the vote of
60 out of the 349 members of Sweden's parliament, since it is a proposition
limiting freedoms and rights of individuals. However, Bodstroem said the
Social Democrats had not yet decided whether they would go for a delay and
that they would examine the proposal closely before taking any decision.
Sweden proposes giving intelligence agency broad new powers (8.03.2007)
Sweden edges closer to bugging (9.03.2007)
Sweden proposes extensive wiretapping programme (8.03.2007)
4. Consumer Protection Commissioner wants to see changes in iTunes
Many consumer rights organizations in Germany, Norway, France and Finland
have gathered to take common actions against Apples on its iTunes bundling
services, but new concerns are expressed also by the EU Consumer Protection
Commissioner, Meglena Kuneva.
In an interview for the German weekly Focus, Kuneva was very critical to
this service: "Do you think it's fine that a CD plays in all CD players but
that an iTunes song only plays in an iPod? I don't. Something has to
The statement was confirmed by Helen Kearns, a Commission spokeswoman who
considered however that those were the commissioner's own opinions and not
those of the Commission. "I don't think she was stating it as a definitive
policy position. At this stage it is her gut instinct," said Kearns who
added that Kuneva was leading a review of the eight basic laws governing
cross-border consumer rights.
The respective review, which is in its early stage, has resulted so far in a
preliminary document that will probably lead to revision proposals for
current EU laws.
Apple faces opposition not only in Europe, but in the US as well where the
company was sued for binding the music bought on its iTunes to its iPod
which violates US anti-trust laws.
EU takes aim at Apple over iTunes (11.03.2007)
Criticism on Itunes (only in German, 11.03.2007)
Apple faces US iPod anti-trust suit (3.01.2007)
EDRi-gram: iTunes under continuous attack in Europe (31.01.2007)
5. Russian deputy sues a commentator on his blog for insult
Viktor Alksnis, a Duma State deputy,  has acted on his threat to take to
court blogger Timofey Shevyakov, a LifeJournal user, for insults
addressed to the former as a state authority.
The deputy started his blog on the LifeJournal on 3 February, wanting to
"demonstrate the everyday routine work of a Duma opposition member", but
became soon unhappy of some comments on his blog.
As a response to comments placed by Alksnis on his blog on 18 February on
the new military banners in the Russian army, which he was not content with,
a user "tarlith" said the depute was "either a liar or a fool". Alksnis
threatened with filing a criminal complaint against him, and the discussion
continued offensively with the participation of all forum users. Alksnis
identified the user "tarlith" as blogger Timofey Shevyakov, historian and
member of the Efficient Politics Fund.
On 22 February O2TV held a talk show with Alksnis and Shevyakov where they
could not find any common ground of understanding.
The deputy claims that the Shevyakov has spread false information
hurting his national dignity and thinks his actions fall under three
articles of the Russian Criminal Code. Hence, he has sent a request to the
General Prosecutor's Office against the blogger, asking that he should be
prosecuted for insult and violence in respect of authority. He attahced to
the request 74 pages of notarized screen shots and a CD with alleged
evidentiary material.
Anton Sergo, Head of Internet and Justice company, thinks that while the
deputy has all the grounds for appealing to court, in such cases, the court
has to prove that the insult really took place and has to determine who did
The deputy also addressed all LiveJournal users, expressing his indignation
regarding the lack of courtesy of some users and their wish to always insult
or humiliate. He intends to suggest the issue for consideration in the State
Duma. "Let us start the process of Internet Community against Internet Heels
together", he said.
As regarding the insult to authority, Stanislav Petrovsky, Associate
Professor with the Russian Academy of Justice believes that the deputy's
position is not really significant in terms of the Internet and that Alksnis
should not always be considered as authority representative. In Petrovsky's
opinion, it is not clear if Alksnis' blog is part of his work.
Petrovsky thinks that some Russian authorities might not perceive the
Internet very correctly and might not be so used to interactive
communication with people, stating: "A person who cannot persist in his
statements in the internet without involving government law enforcement
bodies shouldn't be using such democratic means of communication as blogs,
which are free to anyone, not just a small community".
Alksnis involves Prosecutor's Office to LJ scandal (6.03.2007)
Duma depute to take LJer to court (20.02.2007)
6. UK Home Office plans to fingerprint children starting 11
"Restricted" documents circulated among officials in the UK Identity and
Passport have shown Home Office plans to fingerprint children aged 11 years
and over, beginning with 2010, as part of the programme for the introduction
of new biometric passports and ID cards.
The fingerprints are to be stored in a big database expected to cover about
half a million children by 2011 that will be also used by the Immigration
and Nationality Directorate to store fingerprints of asylum seekers.
The programme of introducing biometric elements on ID cards foresees that
all citizens over 16 will be taken fingerprints, eye and facial details when
applying for passports. Initially, children were supposed to be exempt from
the programme, but the new proposals show that this has been reconsidered.
Once a child reaches 16 his fingerprints pass from the stored database to
the National Identity Register covering information on almost 50 million
The ministers argue that ID cards are necessary to prevent identity theft
and fraud but private campaigners and opposition politicians consider that
these plans will turn Britain into a "surveillance society".
David Davis, the shadow home secretary, criticized the plans by stating:
"This borders on the sinister and it shows the government is trying to end
the presumption of innocence. With the fingerprinting of all our children,
this government is clearly determined to enforce major changes in the
relationship between the citizen and the state in a way never seen before."
The critics also complain about the trouble involved by children having to
travel up to 150 km to special Home Office screening centres to have their
fingerprints taken when applying for a passport and on the costs that this
programme would involve. A combined ID card and passport that could rise up
to about 160 euro as documents show.
"The government's determination to build a surveillance state behind the
backs of the British people is becoming increasingly sinister. It is a
measure of ministerial arrogance that plans are being laid to fingerprint
children without public debate." said Nick Clegg, Liberal Democrat home
affairs spokesman.
The plan is considered by the opponents as a "Big Brother" scheme which is
badly planned, too expensive and inefficient. The Tories declared that, in
case they win the next elections, they would scrap the scheme.
Children of 11 to be fingerprinted (4.03.2007)
Children's prints to be held on database (4.03.2007)
Ministers clash over Labour's 'sinister' plans to fingerprint children
7. Consolidated "Audiovisual without Frontiers" Directive
After the first reading in the European Parliament of the new proposed
Television without Frontiers directive, the European Commission has made the
new consolidated text public on 9 March 2007 .
The initial proposal was criticized by Internet media specialists and some
significant changes were adopted by the European Parliament in December 2006
during the first reading. The changes are now incorporated in the
consolidated text presented by the Commission. They include the initial
proposal that those non-TV audiovisual services, comprising so-called
non-linear or on-demand services, will be made subject to some basic content
The Commission wants to push the draft directive hoping that it will be
adopted by the end of May 2007 by the European Parliament and the Council.
"Thanks to the ambitious work of the European Parliament and the intense
efforts of the German Presidency over the past months, Europe's new legal
framework for a more competitive, more diverse and more pluralistic
audiovisual media sector is now within reach," said Information Society and
Media Commissioner Viviane Reding. "I am confident that we will now achieve
political agreement on the new "Audiovisual Without Frontiers" Directive by
the end of May. Europe's internal market would then be truly open for
providers and consumers of audiovisual services by the end of 2008 at the
The text adopted by the Parliament is still subject to criticism, especially
on the lack of clarity of the definitions of the commercial TV-like
services on the Internet.  A report of the UK European Union Committee of
theHouse of  Lords considered that the regulation might be wrongly applied
to other contents such as that of blogs. The report warned that the
Directive might cause production companies outside of the EU to try and
escape the regulation, considering UK will be one of the main victims of
this action.
Boosting the Diversity of European TV- and On-Demand services: Commission
paves the way for the new Directive "Audiovisual without
Draft Audiovisual Media Services Directive - Consolidated text (8.03.2007)
EDRI-gram: House of Lords produces report against the AVMS directive
EDRI-gram: New Audiovisual Directive: First Reading in EU Parliament
completed (20.12.2006)
8. ENDitorial: French law on delinquency: the threat to FoE is elsewhere
The new French law for the prevention of delinquency is yet another vehicle
to worsen penalties and to increase the prerogatives of the police, when
infractions are committed through or using the Internet. The main purpose of
this law is to reduce the limitation of penal responsibility for 16 to 18
years old minors and to increase the powers of mayors, including by
providing them with normally private information on families and minors in
difficult social situation. As it has become usual in France, the
parliamentary discussion has been the occasion to include various provisions
having little to do with the core of the law.
The law imposes new obligations to French ISPs, reducing their limitation of
liability resulting from the transposition of the E-commerce directive. In
addition to contribute to the fight against hate speech, holocaust denial
and child porn, ISPs should now inform public authorities on any incitement
to violence and violation of human dignity, allegedly committed by their
subscribers and having been reported to them by Internet users (article 40
of the law). On gambling activities, French ISPs should now inform their
subscribers of foreign gambling websites considered illegal under the French
law and of the penalty in case of illegal gambling practices (same article
40). When this information lacks, French ISPs may be charged to one year
imprisonment and 75000 euros fine penalty. Furthermore, advertising on any
media unauthorised gambling activity is also punished with 30000 euros fine
(article 38). French ISPs may also be concerned by provisions (article 35)
imposing to editors, or by default to persons in charge of disseminating
materials considered as harmful to minors, to clearly mention that these
materials are forbidden to minors.
The law also creates new infractions and grants extended prerogatives to law
enforcement authorities. The use of electronic communication in making
'sexual proposals' to minors younger than 15 is now a crime (article 35),
punished by two years imprisonment and 30000 euros fine (5 years and 75000
euros when the proposal leads to an encounter). A new provision introduced
by the same article 35 grants dedicated law enforcement authorities with new
powers, since they now can use pseudonyms when they participate in
electronic exchanges for the purpose of investigations, and they also can
detain and provide illegal content for the same purpose. However, they
cannot use these possibilities for crime incitement. Finally, extension of
law enforcement authorities prerogatives is provided by article 39, which
extends to the public prosecutor (who is hierarchically subordinated to the
Justice Minister) the possibility to initiate an emergency legal procedure
in order to take down a website considered as illegal.
While these provisions are actually likely to seriously endanger freedom of
expression and the respect for the rule of law on the Internet, they haven't
called for the same attention as the provision criminalising the video
recording and dissemination of violent acts - from 'happy slapping' to rape
(article 44). Unless recording is made by a professional journalist or in
order to be used as an evidence in court cases, the person knowingly
recording such acts is now considered as an accomplice and punished as such,
depending on the act. The dissemination of such recorded images is punished
by five years imprisonment and 75000 euros fine.
Some French organisations (Wikimedia France, Reporters without Borders, and
the Odebi league) claimed that this provision would threaten 'citizen
journalism', especially when citizens record police violence, e.g. during
street demonstrations. The Odebi league is even trying to demonstrate this
thesis in its press release by pointing out that, among the concerned
violent acts, those perpetrated by 'agents of the State' are included. This
is obviously an outbid manoeuvre, since little knowledge of the law suffices
to understand that this mention is only meant as an aggravating circumstance
for some violent acts - recorded or not -, when they are perpetrated by
civil servants! In fact, this provision, although somehow badly formulated,
has been introduced after some serious crimes (rape, violent aggression)
have been recorded and disseminated with no serious actual possibility of
incrimination. And regarding police violence issue, actually, if a video
shows the police carrying violence, this could be used as evidence...
against the police!
It remains that the penalty is disproportionate with regards to the fact
that recording and dissemination of violent acts are often made by minors,
sometimes very young, and this disproportion is exactly the reason why the
whole law, and not only this provision, should be blamed and have been
fought by human rights organisations.
It also remains to discuss this notion of 'citizen journalism' and
especially what are the legal, sociological and political implications of
assimilating free expression (which should be granted to any citizen) to
journalism (which is a professional activity encompassing some duties,
notwithstanding the freedom of the press). And this is another story...
French law for the prevention of delinquency (in French only, 05.03.2007)
Wikimedia France press release - Draft law for prevention of delinquency (in
French only, 02.2007)
New prevention of criminality law poses threat to citizen reporting
Odebi league press release - Reaction to Nicolas Sarkozy's spokesperson's
explanations : Forced to react to the articles published by the
international press, the candidate and minister can't assume the
consequences of his own actions and policy (12.03.2007)
French to limit violent net clips (07.03.2007)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
9. Recommended Reading
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament and the Council
on the follow-up of the Work Programme for better implementation of the
Data Protection Directive
10. Agenda
14-15 March 2007, Berlin, Germany
Challenges and Opportunities in a Digital World. The Role of Consumer Policy
16 March 2007, Hannover, Germany
European Commission conference on Mobile TV at CeBIT
17 March 2007, London, United Kingdom
Open Knowledge 1.0. Organized by the Open Knowledge Foundation
11 April 2007, London, United Kingdom
Support ORG
11-13 April 2007, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2007 - Leben im Netz
1-4 May 2007, Montreal, Canada
7th Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy (CFP2007)
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
11-15 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Fourth Session
15-17 June 2007, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Creative Commons iSummit 2007
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-05-09 20:27:16
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.9, 9 May 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.9, 9 May 2007
1. European Commission supports Privacy Enhancing Technologies
2. EDPS advises against new data protection framework decision
3. PNR deal ratification postponed by the Czech Senate
4. RapidShare sues German rights holder association
5. The EDPS Annual Report for 2006 shows more concern for data protection
6. Failure of the Scottish e-voting system
7. First draft on data retention law in Romania
8. New calls for computer online searches by German authorities
9. Recommended Action
10. Agenda
11. About
1. European Commission supports Privacy Enhancing Technologies
Commissioner Franco Frattini, who is responsible for the legislation
concerning co-operation between European police as well as data protection
of European police, has shown public support for privacy enhancing
technologies (PETs). Frattini's position is surprising taking into
consideration its open support for other privacy-invasive projects such as
the data retention directive, EU-US PNR agreement or the planned EU
fingerprint database.
A public statement published by the European Commission (EC) on 2 May 2007
directly supports PETs, expecting them to improve the protection of privacy
as well as help fulfil the data protection rules.
"The use of PETs would be complementary to the existing legal framework and
enforcement mechanisms. In fact the intervention of different actors in the
data processing and the existence of the different national jurisdictions
involved could make enforcement of the legal framework difficult."
The PETs mentioned in the Commission's communication are: the automatic
anonymisation after a certain lapse of time, encryption tools,
cookie-cutters or the Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P). These PETs
could ensure that "breaches of the data protection rules and violations of
individual's rights are not only something forbidden...but also technically
more difficult".
The communication shows the plans of the EC in this field through activities
such as identifying the need and technological requirements of PETs,
promoting use of PETs by the industry, ensuring respect for appropriate
standards in the protection of personal data through PETs and promoting the
use of PETs by public authorities. It also aims at direct support by
funding research on PETs: Europe contributed over 18 million Euro to PET
research as part of its 6th Framework Programme (2002-06), and this is
expected to increase significantly in the coming years.
Frattini also advanced the idea of a pan-European system of "privacy seals"
that will help the consumers.
Privacy Enhancing Technologies (PETs) (2.05.2007)
Euro Data watchdog warns of database creep (3.05.2007)
2. EDPS advises against new data protection framework decision
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) has shown serious concerns in
his opinion on the Commission's new Council Framework Decision proposal
regarding the protection of personal data processed in the framework of
police and judicial co-operation in criminal matters.
Although appreciative of the German presidency's efforts, Peter Hustinx
advised the Council against adopting the proposal considering it failed to
provide appropriate data protection. EDPS believes that a Framework Decision
on the protection of personal data in the third pillar is essential in the
development of an area of freedom, security and justice and that "the
growing importance of the police and judicial cooperation in criminal
matters as well as the actions stemming from the Hague Programme have
highlighted the necessity of common standards in the protection of personal
data in the third pillar". At the same time, Hustinx underlines that some of
the aspects of the proposal are not in agreement with the EU Treaty and some
are even below the standards of the Council of Europe Convention 108 of
"We need to ensure high standards to guarantee both the citizens rights and
the efficiency in police and judicial cooperation. Unfortunately, this
proposal does not meet the expectations" stated the EDPS.
Two important issues Hustinx opposes to are the extension of the proposal
scope to third pillar data processing by Europol and Eurojust and the
creation of a new joint supervisory authority before including adequate
protection measures for the citizens' data when such data are exchanged
between member states and third parties.
In his opinion, the lack of proper and broad level of data protection will
make information exchanges "subject to different national "rules of origin"
and "double standards" that strongly affect efficiency in law enforcement
cooperation while not improving the protection of personal data".
The EDPS considers some essential data protection provisions have been taken
out from the previous text thus weakening the level of protection of
citizens and also finds the legislative quality of the text as
unsatisfactory. "Apart from the choice of legal instrument, several
provisions do not fulfil the requirements of the common guidelines for the
quality of drafting of Community legislation. In particular, the text is
not drafted clearly, simply and precisely, which makes it difficult for the
citizens to identify their rights and obligations unambiguously".
Two of the aspects that are not properly covered by the proposal are the
limitation of the further purposes for which personal
data may be processed, and the lack of specific and strict conditions for
the data exchanges with non-law enforcement authorities.
The opinion shows there are no adequate provisions related to the quality of
data. There are no provisions regarding the differentiation of data
categories based on the accuracy degree and reliability, no distinction
between data based on facts and data based on personal opinions or
assessment. "The lack of such a common requirement could actually undermine
the data being exchanged between police authorities as they will not be able
to ascertain whether the data can be construed as "evidence", "fact", "hard
intelligence" or "soft intelligence". This could have the consequence of not
only hampering security operations and intelligence."
The privacy watchdog especially objects to the way of handling the exchange
of DNA data and urges on caution regarding the introduction of biometric
data in passports. He remarked that, in the fight against crime, data
protection adequate measures had very often been disregarded for the sake of
Third pillar data protection: EDPS strongly advises Council not to adopt
current proposal without significant improvements (30.04.07)
Third opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal for
a Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data processed in
the framework of police and judicial co-operation in criminal matters
EU Data Protection Supervisor warns against networking police databases
3. PNR deal ratification postponed by the Czech Senate
The ratification by the Czech Parliament of the proposed agreement between
the European Union and the Unites States of America on the processing and
transfer of passenger name record (PNR) data has been taken off the agenda
based on the position of the Green Party MPs.
On 23 April 2007, EDRI-member Iuridicum Remedium - Czech Republic sent a
written appeal to the members of the Green Party parliamentary club,
recommending them to vote against the ratification of the proposed agreement
between the European Union and the Unites States of America on the
processing and transfer of passenger name record (PNR) data for the
following reasons:
The scope of the agreement submitted for approval as parliamentary paper
no. 162 by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Transport has
been (in comparison with the former agreement repealed by the European
Court of Justice) "widened substantially (more data requested, considerable
weakening if not complete elimination of the purpose limitation, sharing
with more and unspecified agencies and countries, undefined retention
periods, allowing for more frequent and earlier pushing of data, no
guarantees for a definitive switch to the PUSH system, the virtual abolition
of the joint evaluation) whereas the protection of personal data of EU
citizens and means of legal redress are at best unclear, and probably weaker
than under the previous agreement."
Further concerns were raised about the "precedent this agreement may set for
future agreements with the US on PNR, or on other categories of data (such
as bank account details as in the case of SWIFT, or records of
telecommunications). The lack of democratic legitimacy regarding rules on
the transfer of data must be remedied as a matter of urgency."
Moreover, the Department of Homeland Security has been using PNR data in
the system called the Automated Targeting System, which violates both EU and
US data protection laws. It uses passenger personal data for "risk
assessment scoring" and retains the data for up to 40 years.
In January 2007, Privacy International and ACLU called for repeal of the
EU-US agreement on data transfers on this basis.
Decision on the Agreement between the EU and USA passenger name record
postponed by the Czech Senate (only in Czech, 25.04.2007)
EU original text of the PNR Agreement -submitted as parliamentary paper
n.162 (27.10.2006)
EDRI-gram: Travellers privacy and European Union (30.07.2006)
(Thanks to Marek Tichy - EDRI-member Iuridicum Remedium, Czech Republic)
4. RapidShare sues German rights holder association
Rapidshare AG sued the German society for musical performing and mechanical
reproduction rights (GEMA) in order to clarify the legal situation regarding
free file hosting in Germany.
The counter-attack from Rapidshare, a well-known free file hosting provider
based in Switzerland, comes after the suit initiated in Germany by GEMA in
January 2007 for distributing MP3 files on Rapidshare.com. GEMA won a
preliminary injunction in the first lawsuit that was upheld by the appeal in
March of  the District Court of Cologne.
The District Court in Cologne had considered that Rapidshare was liable for
copyright infringements even if the works were uploaded by the users and not
by the provider.
As a result of the GEMA action, Rapidshare was forced to stop the
distribution of works from the GEMA catalogue and to actively monitor
uploads of these works.
Rapidshare argues that this activity is close to impossible and is not
covered by the German copyright law either. Rapidshare CEO Bobby Chang
considers that people have the right to make backup copies of their music
and that it is practically impossible to distinguish between legal and
unauthorized uses of MP3s.
"We are confident that it is possible to solve the conflict with GEMA while
at the same time paying tribute to innovation" said Chang.
Rapidshare sues rights holders (19.04.2007)
RapidShare AG press release (only in German, 18.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: Temporary injunction against RapidShare.de (31.01.2007)
5. The EDPS Annual Report for 2006 shows more concern for data protection
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) has issued its report for
2006 that includes activities and events as well as the main trends of the
past year and draws conclusions related to complaints, developments in
security, justice, freedom and new technologies with possible impact on
personal data protection.
One of the conclusions of the report is that while the number of complaints
has increased, it is still low and only 20% of the complaints made in 2006
were valid.
"A large majority of the complaints received continued to fall outside of
the supervisory competences of the EDPS, for instance because they dealt
exclusively with processing of personal data on the level of the member
states, where national Data Protection Authorities are competent," said the
The report shows that data protection continues to be a significant
challenge and more work is needed to make data protection rules and
practices be implemented in the European laws and "to develop a data
protection culture as part of good governance".
It also states concern regarding the increasing tendency of authorities to
establish central databases and large scale IT systems. According to EDPS,
state databases continuously exceed their function, not always to the
benefit of people and there is "the risk of illegitimate use" of these
databases. "The EDPS has observed a trend in that once a database has been
established, access to it is extended to more authorities, for other
purposes than those for which it was set up."
He believes that the cooperation between the police forces and the judiciary
systems have been developed without a proper protection for the citizens'
data protection rights.
European Data Protection Supervisor - Annual Report 2006 - Executive Summary
European Data Protection Supervisor- Annual Report 2006
Most complaints to EU privacy watchdog are misdirected (2.05.2007)
6. Failure of the Scottish e-voting system
The electronic voting system used in the Scottish Parliamentary Elections on
3 May 2007 went on as the security experts had worned and the Scotland
Office announced an urgent investigation on the "serious technical failures"
having delayed the announcement of results in several areas.
Several counts were delayed and about 140 000 votes (approx. 7% of the total
votes cast) may be discounted because of the problems that occurred with the
new electronic counting system, used for the first time in Scotland.
The independent Electoral Commission, set up by the Parliament to monitor
elections, had previously advised against the system with different types of
election used by the UK Department for Constitutional Affairs (DCA) in the
elections for the local councils, the Scottish Parliament and the Welsh
The experimental system included early voting in person up to two
weeks in advance, internet voting, touch-phone telephone voting or
e-counting as was the case for the Scottish Parliament.
In spite of the testing in advance, problems with the automatic counting
system occurred causing the suspension of the counting for some time.
DRS Data Services, which supplied the electronic counting machines, stated
to BBC that the delays had been caused by a "small issue" that their
technical staff was doing efforts to solve. "The e-counting system has not
crashed. This is a temporary interruption to one small aspect of the overall
process," said the company spokeswomen.
However, the system was described as a fiasco by the thirty experts from
North America invited to witness the new electronic voting system.
Robert Richie, executive director of US-based organisation Fair Vote,
considered as "totally unacceptable to have so many votes spoiled" and
stated: "We were also very concerned about the lack of uniform standards in
judging what votes were rejected and which were deemed to be valid".
The Electoral Commission will perform an extended statutory review into the
election. The Scotland Office spokesman said: "It is important that they
look as a matter of urgency into delays in postal ballots, the high number
of spoiled ballot papers, and the performance of the electronic counting
E-voting policy review after Scottish ballot chaos (4.05.2007)
Inquiry launched into Scottish voting confusion (4.05.2007)
International experts slam ballot fiasco (6.05.2007)
Security fear over internet voting (2.05.2007)
Vote early, vote often (1.05.2007)
7. First draft on data retention law in Romania
A first draft law for the implementation of the data retention directive was
presented at the end of April 2007 by the Romanian Ministry of
Communications and Information Technology for public consultation. The
ministry also organized on 26 April a public debate on the draft law.
The first draft was achieved in cooperation with a number of public bodies
including the Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Internal Affairs or the
Romanian Data Protection Authority.
The text proposing a 12-month period of traffic data retention, without any
explanatory reports, has received criticism from ISPs and other telecom
operators that believe it puts a high financial burden on them. The draft
clearly specifies that the content of the communications cannot be retained
by the operators, considering the retention of the content as well as any
retained data transfer without a proper judicial authorization as crimes.
The retained data should be deleted at the end of the 12 month period.
Only the electronic communication providers that have notified the
Regulatory Authority are subject to data retention obligations and there are
no provisions for the hosting or other online service providers.
The retained data can be accessed by prosecutors only in the penal cases
related to organized crime and terrorism crimes and with a proper specific
judged-approved access authorization. The prosecutor can ask, through a
specific ordinance, for access to the data as a provisional measure, if this
is necessary due to specific circumstances that could otherwise put in
danger the penal investigation. But in this case, the prosecutor's decision
together with the data needs to be confirmed by a judge in 48 hours. If a
judge does not confirm the prosecutor's ordinance, all the accessed data
will be destroyed.
The very detailed procedure regarding access by prosecutors to the retained
data is in opposition with Article 16 of the draft text that allows,  "in
case of a threat to the national security", the request of the retained data
by "the specific bodies, as explained in the laws on national security".
The vagueness of this article was criticized in the public debate, the
participants considering that this could leave room for discriminatory
access by the Romanian secret services.
As regards the type of data retained, the Romanian draft is only a
translation of the European Directive on data retention. The public
consultation will end on 10 May 2007 and the text could be approved by the
Government and then sent to the Parliament for consideration.
Draft law on data retention by public electronic communication providers
(only in Romanian, 04.2007)
MCIT Publicly Debates the Retention of Data Generated or Processed in
Connection with the Provision of Publicly available electronic communications services or of public communications networks (26.04.2007)
EDRI - Member APTI - Romania - Opinion of the draft data retention law (only
in Romanian, 9.05.2007)
8. New calls for computer online searches by German authorities
The German authorities seem to have a higher desire to push for a legal
basis of the online searches of personal computers in Germany, despite the
Federal Supreme Court decision in February 2007 that, according to the
German Code of Criminal Procedure, decided that online police snooping was
Wolfgang Schduble, The German Federal Minister of the Interior, has asked
again to adopt stricter security rules that are essential in the fight
against terror. Schduble said that terrorists were beginning to set their
sights on Germany and "These days the Internet is the place where terrorists
from all over the world arrange to meet". This is why it is essential to
make the online searches of computers a legal possibility for the German law
The online searches of computers by the secret services have been a reality
in Germany since 2005, following an order to do so by then-Interior Minister
Otto Schily. The statement was admitted by the Chancellor's Office that did
not reveal the number of searches. The German Government stated that it did
not see any breach of the privacy of telecommunications in these actions.
Gisela Piltz, spokesperson for home affairs from the FDP in the Bundestag,
who forced the government to admit the searches, said that "the cat is out
of the bag".
The Social Democratic Party has accused Mr. Schduble of engaging in a
"hypocritical debate" and the new approach is like "a recipe for asking for
The German Supreme Court president, Hans-J|rgen Papier, told the Frankfurt
Press Club that the politicians were going too far in asking for greater
security and they were forgetting that the state is also obliged of ensuring
civil rights.
Minister of the Interior renews call for legal online PC search option
German government admits it is already conducting online searches
EDRI-gram: Online police searches found illegal in Germany (14.02.2007)
EDRI-gram: Proposal of computers online searching in Germany (20.12.2006)
9. Recommended Action
Public consultation on the Regulation regarding public access to European
Parliament, Council and Commission documents (Regulation 1049/2001).
For Dutch readers - Petition for more flexible contracts for members of
the rights collecting society which allow them to choose the conditions
under which to release their own music and use CC licenses.
10. Agenda
15-16 May 2007, Brussels, Belgium
The European Patent Conference - EUROPACO-2
18 May 2007, Oxford, UK
Global Internet Filtering Conference 2007
The OpenNet Initiative is holding its first public conference to discuss the
current state of play of Internet filtering worldwide.
18-19 May 2007, Brasov, Romania
eLiberatica - The Benefits of Open and Free Technologies - Romanian IT Open
Source and Free Software Conference
26 May 2007, Zurich, Switzerland
Creative Commons Switzerland - Launch Event
11-15 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Fourth Session
11-12 June 2007, Strasbourg, France
Council of Europe - Octopus Interface 2007 - Cooperation against Cybercrime
12 June 2007, Berlin, Germany
German Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information -
Symposium "Data Protection in Europe"
14 June 2007, Paris, France
ENISA/EEMA European eIdentity conference - Next Generation Electronic
Identity - eID beyond PKI
15-17 June 2007, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Creative Commons iSummit 2007
17-22 June 2007 Seville, Spain
19th Annual FIRST Conference, "Private Lives and Corporate Risk"
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-05-23 20:44:11
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.10, 23 May 2007 
============================================================
           EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.10, 23 May 2007
1. US official makes PNR demands to the European Parliament
2. UK implements the Data Retention Directive
3. Google is profiling online gamers
4. UK House of Commons culture committee wants copyright extension
5. The Italian Big Brother Awards for 2007
6. Bulgarian actions against online piracy - "collateral damage"
7. Opennet Initiative publishes alarming results on Internet filtering
8. OECD finds the real piracy losses
9. International Declaration on G8 and Intellectual Property launched
10. Romanian open source community gets together
11. Polish people arrested for publishing movie translations
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1.US official makes PNR demands to the European Parliament
As the negotiations of the PNR (Passenger Name Records) issue continue
between the US Government and the European Parliament, during his visit to
Brussels on 14 May, US Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff asked
for more relaxed restrictions on the personal data transfer from the
airline companies.
The interim agreement on PNR between EU and US expires in July 2007 and
unless a common agreement is reached by then, airlines are in a difficult
position, facing either being sued in Europe for providing these data in the
US or in the US for not sharing the information.
Chertoff addressed the Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice
and Home Affairs asking for looser privacy safeguard conditions in the
transfer of the personal data of passengers flying from Europe to US. The
European Parliament has resisted until now, being concerned on personal data
protection issues.
One of the restrictions Chertoff referred to in asking for looser conditions
was the use of the data limiting their dissemination to institutions that
have strict privacy safeguards standards as in the EU.
Chertoff considers that in order to stop terrorism, the data have to be
shared among all US government agencies. He also stated the U.S. wanted to
hold the data for 40 years but he also said this was negotiable.
While the European Commissioner for justice and home affairs Franco Frattini
said he was confident the EU and the US could reach an agreement on how to
handle personal information about European citizens flying to America, there
were voices that asked uncomfortable questions to Chertoff.
MEP Sophie in 't Veld, the rapporteur responsible for PNR policy asked if
PNR were used for purposes other than counter-terrorism, such as control of
infectious diseases, or private purposes of certain companies such as
insurance companies. The answer was that the use of PNR by private companies
was illegal and those infringing the law would be brought to justice.
But PNR data are first of all commercial records created and used for
commercial purposes by travel companies and Chertoff 's answer would imply
that these companies are forbidden to use these data and that would make
impossible for them to operate. US has generally more lax laws on privacy
and data protection and there is no law restricting them from passing part
or all of those data to a third party, or using the data for other purposes
than those for which the data had been collected.
Chertoff also claimed that "PNR data is protected under the U.S. Privacy Act
and the Freedom of Information Act, among other laws, as well as the robust
oversight provided through ... American courts." However, Privacy Act
applies only to U.S. persons, not EU citizens and residents.
Sophie in 't Veld also asked Chertoff if he was really interested in a
compromise "instead imposing unilaterally US standards and wishes" but she
did not get a clear answer.
"It is never justified to give unlimited and uncontrolled powers to any
government," said in 't Veld.
US asks Europe to relax privacy rules for new airline deal (15.05.2007)
U.S., EU Hopeful on Airline Data Privacy Pact (14.05.2007)
Did Chertoff lie to the European Parliament? (15.05.2007)
Does the Chicago Convention authorize government demands for PNR's? No.
Video of the PNR hearing (14.05.2007)
2. UK implements the Data Retention Directive
The UK Home Office is presently implementing the Data Retention Directive
that will oblige telephony and internet service providers to keep data for
12 months. The decision was taken without any debate by simple "affirmative"
votes in the parliament and the Directive is to be implemented by 15
September 2007 for fixed and mobile telephones and 18 months later for
internet services (including VOIP telephony).
The Home Office intents to implement the Directive by a Regulation that will
replace the current "voluntary" Code and does not seem to have taken into
consideration any risk related to the privacy of personal data.
Moreover, the government says that the EC Directive covering serious crime
can be used for any crime and that there is no need for public or
parliamentary discussion on privacy, civil liberties or human rights issues
as these have already been discussed at the EU level.
Tony Bunyan, Statewatch editor, comments:
"The collection and retention of everyone's communications data is a
momentous decision, one that should not be slipped through parliament
without anyone noticing as the government plans to do.
The government's proposal changes a voluntary agreement into a binding law,
on these grounds alone there should be primary legislation.
Moreover, the EC Directive limits the purpose for which data can be retained
to "serious crime" but the government intends to extend the scope to all
crime however minor."
Having in view the character of the data retained, consumers and telecoms
companies need safeguards concerning the use of these data. Under the EC
Directive, all countries are required to adopt measures that ensure the data
can only be used by competent national authorities. Yet, UK's draft
regulation and consultation process makes no reference on this. Also there
is nothing in the Regulation covering sanctions and remedies for
unauthorised use of the data as stipulated in the EC Directive.
Further more, the data can also be obtained in the absence of existing court
proceedings and can be available to anyone who can convince the Courts that
they have a right to access them.
Keeping personal data should help law enforcement authorities in their fight
against crime and for national security purposes. On the other hand, telecom
companies must protect their customers' privacy and, according to the draft
regulations, they will not be able to protect these data by destroying it.
The only positive element for them is that, at least, the government
proposes to compensate them for compliance costs and litigants are obliged
to pay for disclosure of documents which they request from third parties.
Mandatory data retention in the UK - Statewatch analysis (05.2007)
Data retention: a balancing act for telcos (10.05.2007)
3. Google is profiling online gamers
Google has filed a patent in Europe and in US on a profiling technology
planning to create psychological profiles of web users based on their
behaviour at playing on-line games. The company thinks it can gather up
information to shape the personality of web users according to the way they
react and take decisions while playing online and then sell these
psychological profiles to advertisers.
The patent says: "User dialogue (e.g. from role playing games, simulation
games, etc) may be used to characterize the user (e.g. literate, profane,
blunt or polite, quiet etc). Also, user play may be used to characterize the
user (e.g. cautious, risk-taker, aggressive, non-confrontational, stealthy,
honest, cooperative, uncooperative, etc)."
On the basis of these profiles, adverts inside online games could be shaped
to address the people's interests, tastes and tendencies. Adverts that
appear inside the game could thus be more "relevant to the user", Google
The patent says that information from previously saved games could be
accessed from memory cards. "Such saved information may be thought of state
information, and offers a valuable source of information to the advertisers"
and also that Google could also monitor people playing on any game console
that connects to the internet, including the Sony PlayStation, Nintendo Wii
and Microsoft's Xbox.
These plans have created concerns for privacy campaigners, who consider that
the implications of compiling and storing such detailed information are
Sue Charman the Open Rights Group said: "I can understand why they are
interested in this, but I would be deeply disturbed by a company holding a
psychological profile. Whenever you have large amounts of information it
becomes attractive to people - we've already seen the American federal
government going to court over data from companies including Google."
The patent gives alarming examples of the invasive type of approach the
advertisers could use, such as: "In a car racing game, after a user
crashes his Honda Civic, an announcer could be used to advertise by saying
'if he had a Hummer, he would have gotten the better of that altercation',
etc. If the user has been playing for over two hours continuously, the
system may display ads for Pizza Hut, Coke, coffee."
The experts say that although such scanning is already done by some web
companies that use keywords for online advertising based on basic
attributes, such kind of complete profiles viewed by the Google patent would
go much further in combining information sources to put names and addresses
to the anonymous profiles.
Google stated to The Guardian that it had no plan in the next future
regarding this patent and that this was only one of the large number of
patents filed during the last months by the company. "Google registers
different patents irrespective of whether we actually intend to use them"
was Google spokesman's statement.
Google may use games to analyse net users (12.05.2007)
Google Patents Gamer Profiling Technology (14.05.2007)
Google Plans to Secretly Track Your Online Gaming (12.05.2007)
Google's online gaming patent alarms privacy advocates (14.05.2007)
4. UK House of Commons culture committee wants copyright extension
The copyright term for sound recordings is back on the public agenda in UK,
after a report from the House of Commons culture committee has recommended
its extension from 50 to 70 years, despite the negative feedback received
earlier from Andrew Gowers' report or a recent study commissioned by the
European Union and made public in January 2007.
The Culture committee report considered that the musicians have a "moral
right" to keep control of their creations while alive and that 7000 people
will lose in the next years their royalties from the 50s and 60s recordings.
Also the report considered there was a non-reasonable difference between the
copyright term for songwriters, whose families keep the copyright 70 years
after the  death of the author and the 50-year rule for sound recordings.
"We recommend that the government should press the European Commission to
bring forward proposals for an extension of copyright term for sound
recordings to at least 70 years.", concluded the report.
77 UK MPs have signed a parliamentary motion calling for this extension.
EDRi-member ORG has publicly opposed the change asking from the people to
remind the politicians to debate this issue on the basis of evidence - which
points firmly against extension - rather than nostalgia.
The decision of the UK MPs is opposite to Andrew Gowers' report, backed by
the Treasury, that recommended not to extend the copyright term for sound
Moreover, Gowers exclusively revealed to Out-Law Radio last month that, far
from leaning towards extension, he almost recommended shortening the term of
"I could have made a case for reducing it based on the economic arguments,"
he said. "We certainly considered it, and if you look at the report that
came from the academics that we commissioned to examine the arguments and
examine the evidence they also argued very robustly that 50 years could be
arguably more than enough."
Copyright extension back on Commons' agenda (16.05.2007)
Music stars 'must keep copyright' (17.05.2007)
Copyright extension: Seems our MPs haven't been doing their homework
EDRI-gram: Copyright extension term rejected by EU commissioned report
5. The Italian Big Brother Awards for 2007
On 19 May 2007, the two-day e-Privacy Conference in Florence hosted the Big
Brother Awards Italy. The candidates for the awards were selected by a jury
made of seven members.
The people's choice price "The People's lament" was won by far by Telecom
Italia especially for the Tavaroli & Co case when a vast system of illegal
eavesdropping of telephone conversations was discovered under the company's
umbrella. The company's financial maneuvers and court actions have also
contributed to its victory.
The Municipality of Milan won the award "The Worst Public Agency" for having
installed several cameras in the city starting with public parks without
giving any information on who would use the recorded data and for having
sponsored a private initiative that proposes to the Milanese traders a 50%
reimbursement for the installment of cameras on their sideway part.
The "Worst private corporation" award was received again by Telecom Italia
for having illegally intercepted the conversations of millions of Italian
citizens without any constitutional guaranty or requests from the secret
services for emergency situations. In a best scenario, the management of the
company had lost control over their employees' actions.
The award for "The Most Invasive Technology" was received by Google for
the large amount of data retained. The company is considered the second most
dangerous entity for privacy in the world. With the recent acquisition of
DoubleClick.com, the advertising giant, its motto could now be "Don't be
evil, buy the Devil!".
Paolo Gentiloni, the Minister of Communications received the "Boot in the
Mouth" price. He considers that the eavesdropping is not a problem as long
as unless such data is made public, especially by the journalists.
The "Lifetime Menace" award was adjudicated by the Italian Parliament for
having approved a law against the illegal interceptions only when its
members considered they were personally in danger. The Italian Parliament
has proven lately that the defense of the privacy rights of the Italian
citizens is no longer a focus.
The positive award "Winston Smith - Privacy Hero" was awarded this year to
Representative Maurizio Turco who has presented the Winston Smith Project
law against Data Retention, the only law proposal issued during the last
year in favor of privacy.
The winners of Big Brother Italia (only in Italian, 21.05.2007)
Big Brother Award Italia 2007
E-privacy 2007 Conference proceedings (18-19.05.2007)
6. Bulgarian actions against online piracy - "collateral damage"
Bulgarian authorities went beyond the EU limits in investigating Internet
users and website owners in 2005 according to MEP Antonyia Parvanova who
thinks the Bulgarian officials have caused the bankruptcy of some Internet
clubs and brought serious damages to a website owner by prosecuting people
who had not actually committed any crime.
She believes that these cases should be investigated and she stated she
would address this matter to the European Commission to verify whether the
actions of the Bulgarian authorities did not infringe the European laws,
especially article 11 of the Chapter of Human Rights.
Rumen Petkov, Bulgaria's Minister of Interior, stated the actions involving
the serisure of all the equipment of some Internet clubs followed by very
strong mass media coverage had been triggered by EU pressure to "control
Internet piracy".
The case was dismissed after two years of litigation, the Internet clubs
were found not guilty and the equipment was returned but the clubs has
already gone bankrupt and the equipment was already outdated.
Actions were also taken against the "black boards" where users post and
exchange what they have. One of these actions was against ArenaBG.com, one
of the most popular websites of this kind. As a result of the police raids
and prosecution the owner was out of business. According to Parvanova, due
to the publicity created around the case and to false reports regarding his
wealth he had to hide for fear of being kidnapped.
These cases were brought to the attention of Parvanova by representatives of
EDRI-member Internet Society Bulgaria.
Bulgarian crackdown on "pirate" Internet captures no one (12.05.2007)
EDRi-gram - Bulgarian Police ordered ISPs to block US-based torrent tracker
7. Opennet Initiative publishes alarming results on Internet filtering
On 19 May 2007 the Opennet Initiative (ONI) held a conference on the
state of global internet filtering. On the conference ONI presented the
results of its research over the last years. It concludes that an
increasing number of coutries is applying filtering to the Internet. The
core of the results can be found on ONI's website and will be published
in a book in the end of 2007.
"It's an alarming increase," according to Ron Deibert, one of the
academics leading the ONI Initiative. "Once the tools are in place,
authorities realize that the Internet can be controlled. There used to
be a myth that the Internet was immune to regulation. Now governments
are realizing it's actually the opposite."
The academic study has categorized their findings on government Internet
filtering into four broad categories: political (such as opposition
material), social (such as pornography, gambling), conflict/security
(armed conflict, militant groups), and Internet tools (such as
anonimizers). There are country reports on 40 specific countries and
eight regional reports, including Europe, the last opening with: "In
less than a decade, the Internet in Europe has evolved from a virtually
unfettered environment to one in which filtering in most countries,
particularly within the European Union (EU), is the norm rather than the
An important conclusion of ONI is the lack of tranparency of the
filtering that was discovered. "What's regrettable about net filtering
is that almost always this is happening in the shadows. There's no place
you can get an answer as a citizen from your state about how they are
filtering and what is being filtered.", according to John Palfrey,
director of the Berkman Center for Internet & Society, one of the
partners of ONI.
Internet filtering in Europe is a point on the agenda of the Council of
Europe Group of Specialists on Human Rights in the Information Society
(CoE MC-S-IS) in which EDRI is an observer. The first exchanges during
the March 2007 meeting of the MC-S-IS group on the technical filtering
of content seemed promising, EDRI-Gram reported on 12 April 2007, as a
large majority of participating member states expressed strong doubts on
both the usefulness of technical filtering measures and their
compatibility with Article 10 of the ECHR.
Research OpenNet Initiative
Governments using filters to censor Internet, survey finds (18.05.2007)
Global net censorship 'growing' (18.05.2007)
EDRI-gram: CoE to address the impact of technical measures on human rights
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken - EDRI-member Bits of Freedom -
8. OECD finds the real piracy losses
Financial Times obtained an executive summary of a new report produced by
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) that estimates
the trade losses due to piracy and counterfeiting did not exceed 200 billion
The report should be endorsed by the OECD board this month and is considered
politically sensitive, taking into account that the estimates from the
industry show figures up to 3-4 times higher than the OECD estimates based
on reported customs seizures in various countries.
The efforts of the international business lobbists, that have pushed for
Germany to put the fight against counterfeiting on the next G8 summit
agenda, could be undermined by this new report. This is why the
International Chamber of Commerce Secretary General quickly reacted by
considering the OECD figures as "underestimated" and said that "up to 1 000
billion USD in international trade was lost annually" to piracy and
Forgery trade losses 'under $200bn' (7.05.2007)
9. International Declaration on G8 and Intellectual Property launched
The German non-profit organization "Netzwerk Freies Wissen" (Free Knowledge
Network) heavily criticizes the goals of the conference held by the G8
states' ministers of justice starting on 23 May 2007.
The most important item on the agenda is a stronger enforcement of
intellectual property. For this reason the Network, together with other
organizations and private persons from many countries will present the
"Civil Society declaration on the G8 summit 2007 and intellectual property
"The goal of this declaration is to point out the severe problems in this
area, which have grown throughout the world in the last years", says Petra
Buhr, speaker for the network. "Furthermore we demand radical changes in the
politics of the G8", she adds. Be it patents on drugs, the protection of
seeds that prevent the cultivation of plants or the freedom of education
which is threatened by strong copyright laws. The paper demands, that a
state has to decide by itself on how far it wants to introduce intellectual
property laws and that the pressure, mainly on developing countries, must
stop in order to allow a fair development.
Also the paper talks about the problems in the G8 states. It claims software
patents are a threat to innovation and digital rights management a threat to
the worlds cultural heritage. It also demands a massive aid towards
alternatives such as free access to knowledge or free software which was
financed by public funds. It shows concern at the increasing privatization
of public research.
Finally the Network demands from the hosting German Government to show its
true colours: "It is perfidious to talk about fake T-Shirts and unsafe
medicine while actually trying to stop the important production of generic
drugs in developing countries", Buhr answers to a statement of Brigitte
Zypries, the German minister of justice. "The government arguments are
one-sided. The problems caused by ever increasing intellectual property
rights are complex and very serious. Alternatives should be chosen instead
of enforcing a very corrupt system worldwide" Buhr concludes.
The declaration is open for signatories starting today. Among the first
signatories of the Declaration are also the EDRI-members Netzwerk Neue
Medien, Chaos Computer Club and Swiss Internet User Group SIUG.
Declaration -  For better development and just access to knowledge in all
forms - Against the domination of exclusionary rights on the knowledge
economy - A civil society statement concerning intellectual property and the
2007 G8 summit
Tool for signatures
Statement Minister of Jusice Zypris (15.05 2007):
General information on the G8 meeting by the German government:
(Thanks to Petra Buhr - Netzwerk Freies Wissen)
10. Romanian open source community gets together
Probably the most important conference in Romania on open source and free
software took place at the end of the last week - on 18-19 May 2007 in
Brasov. The eLiberatica 2007 conference was organized by a new group of IT
specialists called Romanian Open Source and Free Software Initiative (ROSI).
The conference aimed at bringing community leaders from around the world to
talk about the hottest topics in FLOSS movement demonstrating the advantages
of adopting, using and developing Open Source and Free Software solutions.
The international participants that included Monty Widenius, the main
engineer and supervisor of MySQL, Brian Behlendorf, one of the Apache
Project initiators or Zak Greant, representing Mozilla Foundation, provided
a high level view on the entire FLOSS movement including business, social
and technical aspects.
Aleksander Farstad, CEO of eZ systems explained how open source development
can be used in creating a successful business and the presentations from the
Romanian speakers showed examples of locally developed open source products
from ERP/CRM solutions to Open Source for Public Libraries or VoIP
The use of open source software and open standards in public administration
were highlighted by Georg Greve (president of Free Software Foundation
Europe) in its presentation on the necessity of adopting open standards and
supporting them at the national level as well. A practical example on
adopting FOSS in public administration was shown by Jim Willis, Director of
eGovernment and Information Technology from Rhode Island.
As some of the Romanian participants pointed out, the Romanian Government
preferred until now proprietary software and technologies (with closed
source code) at very high prices, "making Romania directly available to
foreign corporations and paying hundreds of millions of Euro from public
money as licenses."
The necessity for a better-organized open source community was highlighted
by Bogdan Manolea from EDRI-member APTI Romania, who presented the
obstacles the Romanian copyright legislation creates for open source
developers and why the open source community should react to those actions
supposed to "fight piracy" of the authorities.
A similar message was projected by Lucian Savluc, the main organizer of the
event, who promoted ROSI as a good framework where the Romanian open source
community can be gathered, if there is support, work and involvement. The
first step will be the creation of a public portal that will present all the
Romanian activities related to FOSS, both in Romanian and English. Other
projects will follow as well.
Eliberatica 2007 Conference (18-19.05.2007)
About ROSI and eLiberatica - past, present and furture (only in Romanian,
Open technologies bring transparency in government, development and
knowledge (only in Romanian 22.05.2007)
Laws and Open source (only in Romanian, 22.05.2007)
11. Polish people arrested for publishing movie translations
A popular subtitle exchange community in Poland, Napisy.org, was in shock,
after nine of its members were accused of posting illegal translations of
movies and were held by the Police for questioning.
The Napisy.org community, that gathers approx. 600 000 users, allowed the
submission of translated subtitles for movies (especially from English into
Polish) for free. The translators did not get any money for their work.
The Polish Police had a common intervention in 6 cities of Silesia,
Podlachia, Cracow and Szczecin where they entered at 6 AM in some of the
translator's homes and took them for questioning. According to the Polish
Police, 2000 CDs with allegedly illegal copied movies were also found
and 17 computers were seized.
Krzysztof Czerepak, the webmaster of napisy.org, contested the information
made public by the Police, explaining that he knows only about 6 persons (2
admins, 3 moderators and one translator) and denied the existence of the CDs
found by the Police. "The two admins had laptops with fully legal software,
while the woman-translator had a company-owned laptop" he added.
The webmaster also commented that " most of the amateurish translations
appear long before a "professional" translation is prepared. It is also an
often omitted fact that a lot of "professionals" use (or steal, naming the
things) our translations to do their job. Nobody calls this a violation of
the law."
The website that was hosted on a German server was shut down and the
Polish Police explained that it was a collaboration with the German
colleagues for this activity. The people held for questioning could be
accused of illegal publication of copyrighted works and could be sentenced
to up to 2 years jail time.
Poland: Nine people held by police for translating movies (17.05.2007)
12. Recommended Reading
ITU and UNCTAD announced the publication of the World Information Society
Report 2007
13. Agenda
8 May - 22 July 2007, Austria
Annual decentralized community event around free software lectures,
panel discussions, workshops, fairs and socialising
24 May 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Council of Europe Roundtable - The Internet and public service: do they go
together ?
26 May 2007, Zurich, Switzerland
Creative Commons Switzerland - Launch Event
11-15 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO Development Agenda:
Fourth Session
11-12 June 2007, Strasbourg, France
Council of Europe - Octopus Interface 2007 - Cooperation against Cybercrime
12 June 2007, Berlin, Germany
German Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information -
Symposium "Data Protection in Europe"
14 June 2007, Paris, France
ENISA/EEMA European eIdentity conference - Next Generation Electronic
Identity - eID beyond PKI
15-17 June 2007, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Creative Commons iSummit 2007
17-22 June 2007 Seville, Spain
19th Annual FIRST Conference, "Private Lives and Corporate Risk"
18-22 June 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
Second Special Session of the Standing Committee on Copyright and Related
Rights (SCCR)
5-11 September 2007
Ars Electronica Festival - Festival for Art, Technology and Society
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 25 members from 16 European countries.
European Digital Rights takes an active interest in developments in the EU
accession countries and wants to share knowledge and awareness through the
EDRI-grams. All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or
agenda-tips are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and
visibly on the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-11-07 20:39:42
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.21, 7 November 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.21, 7 November 2007
1. EDRI supports PI's comments on Google-Doubleclick merger
2. EU pushes for an international Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
3. EC plans to profile all passengers in and out EU
4. Putin wants control of Russian Internet
5. Whois privacy problems not solved by ICANN
6. Government attempts of increased level of surveillance in Czech Republic
7. Open Document Format gains more support
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. EDRI supports PI's comments on Google-Doubleclick merger
European Digital Rights Initiative (EDRI) is supporting the letter Privacy
International (PI) sent on 5 November 2007 asking the head of the European
Commission DG Competition, Commissioner Kroes, to take the merger of
Google-Doubleclick to the next phase. PI argues that the merger could have
serious implications for privacy innovation in advertising.
The letter explains the problems that the merger could bring to the online
advertising market: "Google's purchase of Doubleclick is particularly
worrying because it is a significant consolidation in this domain and we
worry that this very competition to provide high-quality privacy practices
will dissipate. Google's dominant position in the search marketplace will be
compounded by Doubleclick's dominant position in online profiling, leading
to a potentially abusive situation for the protection of privacy. If the
merger is approved, then Google's dominant service will transform radically
from one with a search advertising function into one that collects both
searches and browsing habits of users. "
PI showed how the decision could influence privacy of the Internet users if
the merger is approved :
"Privacy innovation could suffer under the merger as the two largest online
databases come together. Other companies will have to compete against this
massive entity and we worry it will lead to a race to the bottom for privacy
protection. (...) Little is actually known about how all these companies
protect their customers' data, even though they must do so in accordance
with European privacy laws. (...)We know little about how firms make use of
this data.
Google promises that it does not yet create online user profiles, but it is
purchasing a firm that is renowned for the depth and extent of its online
user profiles. We need strong and enforceable assurances that profiles will
not be developed and enhanced through this merger."
BEUC, the Consumer's Organization, as well as the Data Protection
Commissioner of the German state of Shleswig-Holstein, Thilo Weichert, have
publicly opposed the Google-Doubleclick deal. However, Commissioner Kroes
announced on 15 October: "We are looking at the influence on competition
and that's it." The new deadline for the enquiry has been set for 13
November 2007.
PI Comments on Google-Doubleclick Merger to the European Commission
EU review of Google bid won't cover privacy issue (15.10.2007)
BEUC expresses concern over DoubleClick acquisition by Google (18.07.2007)
2. EU pushes for an international Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
A recent statement from the European Commission reveals that it has started
negotiations with US, Japan, Korea, Mexico and New Zealand to create an
international treaty on counterfeiting - Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
(ACTA), despite the absence of any independent data on the topic.
The European Commission is looking for a mandate from the European Member
States to proceed in this endeavour, but the ball is already rolling, taking
into consideration the almost simultaneous press statements from the US
Trade Representative and Canada's Minister of International Trade as well.
But "while the claims regularly focus on health and safety risks or
suggestions that organized crime or terrorist groups benefit from
counterfeiting, the reality is that the policy prescription typically
includes a range of issues that have little to do with those issues", as
Michael Geist puts it.
Even though the OECD estimates the losses of the international trade are 3-4
times lower than the ones the industry has so heavily promoted, the big
states still have their ears open to the industry lobbists' claims.
EU announces that the new ACTA should build the international cooperation
leading to harmonised standards and a better communication between
authorities and should establish common enforcement practices to promote
strong intellectual property protection in coordination with right holders
and trading partners. Also it suggests "creating a strong modern legal
framework which reflects the changing nature of intellectual property theft
in the global economy, including the rise of easy-to-copy digital storage
mediums and the increasing danger of health threats from counterfeit food
and pharmaceutical drugs."
In fact, it seems that the negotiations have started since mid-2006 between
the European Commission, Canada, US and Japan on such an agreement on
counterfeiting. But ACTA aims higher. US Trade Representative Susan Schwab
explained that the negotiations would "expand upon the enforcement standards
of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
(TRIPS) and countries would be encouraged to comply with other international
IPR agreements. The goal is to set a new, higher benchmark for enforcement
that countries can join voluntarily."
Or, as Michael Geist better explains it: "This treaty could ultimately
prove bigger than WIPO - without the constraints of consensus building,
developing countries, and civil society groups, the ACTA could further
reshape the IP landscape with tougher enforcement, stronger penalties, and a
gradual eradication of the copyright and trademark balance."
European Commission seeks mandate to negotiate major new international anti-
counterfeiting pact (23.10.2007)
Is ACTA the New WIPO? (24.10.2007)
Top Economies To Negotiate Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Pact (24.10.2007)
EDRI-gram: OECD finds the real piracy losses(23.05.2007)
3. EC plans to profile all passengers in and out EU
The European Commission(EC) put forward on 6 November 2007 a PNR plan that
is almost similar to the EU-USA PNR (Passenger Name Records) agreement. The
EU PNR plan is part of a new package of proposals "aimed at improving the
EU's capabilities in the fight against terrorism."
According to this proposal, EU will have to collect 19 pieces of personal
data on air passengers coming into and leaving the EU space, including phone
number, e-mail address, travel agent, full itinerary, billing data and
baggage information. The information will be collected in analysis units
that will make a "risk assessment" of the traveller, which could lead to
the questioning or even refusal of the entry. The data is to be kept for
five years and then another eight years in a "dormant" database.
"The availability of PNR data ... is necessary for the purpose of preventing
and fighting terrorist offences and organised crime," is the reason
expressed by the draft.
In October 2007, Justice Commissioner Franco Frattini told Parliament
members that the creation of a PNR database was justified by the high level
of terrorist risk for Europe. "The Union is at least as much a potential
target of a terrorist attack as the United States, and the use and analysis
of passenger name records is an important law enforcement tool to protect
our citizens".
However, legal experts, human-rights groups and data-protection activists
oppose this plan and find it a threat to privacy.
Tony Bunyan, editor of Statewatch stated: "This is yet another measure that
places everyone under surveillance and makes everyone a "suspect" without
any meaningful right to know how the data is used, how it is further
processed and by whom [.] We have already got the mandatory taking of
fingerprints for passports and ID cards and the mandatory storage of
telecommunications data of every communication, now we are to have the
mandatory logging of all travel in and out of the EU. The underlying
rationale for each of the measures is the same - all are needed to tackle
terrorism. Yet there is little evidence that the gathering of "mountain upon
mountain" of data on the activities of every person in the EU makes a
significant contribution. On the other hand, the use of this data for other
purposes, now or in the future, will make the EU the most surveilled place
in the world".
MEP Sophie in 't Veld has also made an appeal to the European Commission to
make an analysis of the situation in USA and Canada in order to verify the
effectiveness of such a system before taking any decision on a similar
system in Europe. "EU counter-terrorism policies must be regularly assessed
on their effectiveness.their impact on reducing the threat and increasing
security, on improving cooperation and exchange between countries and
agencies, as well as an evaluation of the cumulative impact of individual
measures on privacy and civil liberties," she stated.
The Commission's proposal for EU PNR is proposed as a Framework Decision
meaning that the European Parliament is only consulted and its opinion can
be ignored as it happens on a regular basis. The European Council can, in
its secret working parties, change at will this legislative proposal.
Another question raised is why 2004 Directive on the collection of API
(Advance Passenger Information), meant to be applied by all member States by
September 2006, is not enough in supporting the fight against terrorism and
is not yet applied. The API data is more limited including only name,
nationality, passport number, date of birth and the details related to the
The proposal did not take into consideration the opinions of EU's Article 29
Data Protection Working Party which, during the consultation period
concluded that they "have not seen any information presented by the
Commission that would substantiate the pressing need to process PNR data for
the purpose of preventing and fighting terrorism and related crimes or law
enforcement". They also stated that "Bulk transfer of personal data, which
would include unsuspected travellers to other authorities would be
disproportionate, as data may only be provided to an authority if necessary
for a given purpose".
Concerning data protection, the draft proposal has in view the Council
Framework Decision on the protection of data for police and judicial
cooperation that should apply to the proposed PNR scheme as well. However,
the decision has not been adopted and offers very little protection to
individuals. The decision ignored the opinions of the European Parliament,
the European Data Protection Supervisor, and the EU's Article 29 Data
Protection Working Party and allows the personal data exchange with third
states such as USA.
On the other hand, the draft makes no reference to 1995 EC Directive on data
protection covering the collection of PNR data by the airlines.
PNR (passenger name record) scheme proposed to place under surveillance all
travel in and out of the EU (1.11.2007)
Draft Framework Decison on the use of PNR data (22.10.2007)
EU plans anti-terror screening for air passengers (5.11.2007)
EU plans to collect personal data on air passengers (4.11.2007)
Fight Against Terrorism: stepping up Europe's capability to protect citizens
against the threat of terrorism (6.11.2007)
EDRI-gram Final agreements between EU and USA on PNR and SWIFT (4.07.2007)
4. Putin wants control of Russian Internet
As the Internet use in Russia increases spectacularly, having tripled in the
last three years, Putin' governance concentrates its efforts on getting
control over the Russian Internet after having already gained much control
over the traditional mass media.
Putin's allies and supporters have created blogs and news sources to flood
the Internet with messages favourable to the present political power.
During a national broadcast live on TV and Radio in October 2007, Putin
tackled the issue of Internet censorship. "Naturally, in this sphere, as in
other spheres, we should be thinking about adhering to Russian laws, about
making sure that child pornography is not distributed, that financial crimes
are not committed" said Putin.
Besides numerous pro-government blogs, several already established online
outlets have been bought by Putin's allies with the purpose to create a
network to disseminat propaganda and to control the online information.
Such a publication is Gazeta.ru, the most respected online newspaper which
was sold in December to a metals magnate loyal to Putin. Russian officials
have also been looking for the possibility of establishing a separate
Internet within Russia that would serve their purposes.
The reaction of the Kremlin power comes to counterpart situation as the one
having occurred in 2004 when, due to concentrated efforts of uncensored
blogs and on-line publications, a popular uprising in Ukraine provoked the
revoking of the vote for a pro-Moscow candidate in the presidential
In April 2007, when an opposition movement held a march in Moscow, blogger
Pavel Danilin, a Putin supporter, together with his team, started blogging
about a smaller pro-Kremlin march being held the same day. They blogged so
much, and linked to each other so effectively, that they crowded out all the
items about the opposition march from the very influential top-five blog
post listing on the Yandex Web portal.
Prosecutors have also started focussing on Internet chat sites, blogs and
postings in order to charge the users that criticize Putin or other
officials. However, the federal officials deny any campaign to control the
Internet. "Personally, I am against developing and adopting a special law
that would regulate the Internet," declared Leonid Reiman, Minister of IT&C.
"The Internet has been always developing as a free medium, and it should
remain as such" he added.
Despite the officials' statements, in July 2007, Putin already announced
his plans to create a global information technology powerhouse network, a
statement that was interpreted by the mass media as an attempt from his part
to establish a controlled network separated from the current Internet which
is organised by ICANN. According to Wolfgang Kleinwaechter, special adviser
to the chairmen of the Internet Governance Forum, some Russian officials are
thinking of a separate Internet, with Cyrillic domain names, taking the
example of China.
Kremlin Seeks To Extend Its Reach in Cyberspace (28.10.2007)
Putin tightens his grip on Russia's internet (29.10.2007)
5. Whois privacy problems not solved by ICANN
ICANN meeting that took place last week (29 October - 2 November 2007) in
Los Angeles was expected to decide on the WHOIS database privacy problems.
But unfortunately the decision taken was just to make further studies on the
matter, despite the already seven years of discussions on this topic.
The need for WHOIS reform has been a hot topic for some years in the civil
society and some ICANN structures. An EPIC & NGO Letter to ICANN Board on
Need for Whois Reform sent on 30 October 2007 asks "for changes to WHOIS
services that would protect the privacy of individuals, specifically the
removal of registrants' contact information from the publicly accessible
WHOIS database."
The letter explains that the "current ICANN WHOIS policy conflicts with
national privacy laws, including the EU Data Protection Directive, which
requires the establishment of a legal framework to ensure that when personal
information is collected, it is used only for its intended purpose. As
personal information in the directory is used for other purposes and ICANN's
policy keeps the information public and anonymously accessible, the database
could be found illegal according to many national privacy and data
protection laws including the European Data Protection Directive, European
data protection laws and legislation in Canada and Australia." Moreover, it
points to the Article 29 Working Party's opinion that underlines that "in
its current form the WHOIS database does not take account of the data
protection and privacy rights".
The NGOs supported Final Outcomes Report recently published by the WHOIS
Working Group that "accepted the Operational Point of Contact (OPoC)
proposal as a starting point, and the best option to date. The OPoC proposal
would replace publicly available registrant contact information with an
intermediate contact responsible for relaying messages to the registrant."
The public letter accepted the fact that the WHOIS Working Group proposal
was a workable framework and not a perfect one, recommending "a distinction
between commercial and non-commercial domains."
But the proposal was rejected by the ICANN, as well as another proposal that
would have allowed domain name registration companies to stop making the
data available through WHOIS. Instead, the ICANN decided to ask for further
studies, that will be identified by the The Generic Names Supporting
Organization (GNSO) Council until 15 February 2007.
The move was seen as a new delay after seven years of discussions. Ross
Rader from the GNSO said to AP: "We've had seven years of study on this
issue... what has not been answered is what are the specific questions we
want answers to. From my perspective, further, broad, open study is just a
way for (opponents) to say you don't have enough votes to change the status
The lack of a concrete decision from GNSO meant a renewal of a call for a
procedure to allow exemptions from ICANN standard contractual obligations
for WHOIS. ICANN's Government Advisory Committee (GAC) said "uniform
process" among governments was not to be expected and the specific cases
should just be referred to national authorities in order to come to a
procedure for the respective registries and registrars.
EPIC & NGO Letter to ICANN Board on Need for Whois Reform (30.10.2007)
Whois Studies Approved, Privacy Deferred (31.10.2007)
Faced with clamor for WHOIS reform, ICANN votes to study the issue more
Whois reform: ICANN says let's run more tests (1.11.2007)
Change Of Leadership At ICANN As Cerf Makes Way For IP Expert (4.11.2007)
6. Government attempts of increased level of surveillance in Czech Republic
The Czech Interior Ministry introduced in October 2007 a new National Action
Plan to Combat Terrorism that would increase the access of the police and
intelligence authorities to personal data, under the pretext of the
protection against terrorism.
The Czech Ministry of Interior has introduced a similar plan every year
since 2002 - in 2005 it actually won the Czech Big Brother Award for it -
which, until now, has been rejected by the Parliament. The Plan of Action is
meant to be used to draft legislation allowing police and other agencies to
have access to emails and to wiretap without following any court procedures.
"According to the current legal regulations, in order to perform certain
actions it is necessary that security bodies meet a number of requirements
and conditions, the existence of which is unquestionable," stated Vladimmr
Repka, spokesman for the Interior Ministry.
As compared to the plan proposed last year, this year's plan seems to have a
much more ambiguous wording that " it is actually very difficult to argue
against it" says privacy expert Filip Pospmsil from the EDRI-member Czech
NGO Iuridicum Remedium. According to him, the plan is inspired from the US
Patriot Act that that give the US police authorities direct access to
personal data.
Presently, in Czech Republic, the interception of emails and wiretapping can
be done only by a court order that is valid for up to six months. "They want
to have the power just to call the judge and then to get written approval
later" said Pospmsil.
What the Interior Ministry also wants is to force financial institutions and
private Internet providers to pass on clients' information to security
agencies as well as to eliminate anonymous phone cards.
In Pospmsil's opinion, the present plan is meant as a test to check out on
the position of the policy makers and of the public as anyway, even if
approved by the government, the plan has no value if it is not passed by the
Parliament. "I think it's just a kind of test by the Interior Ministry and
other intelligence services to test the willingness of the public and its
representatives to exchange some privacy for promises of improved security,"
he said.
Privacy International has issued reports on the situation in the Czech
Republic showing concern on the increase of the government attempts to
legalise wiretapping, to create a central database from the separate
databases of the security agencies as well as on the high level of video
surveillance in the country, unrestricted by law.
Hana Stepankova, the spokeswoman of the Office of Personal Data Protection,
which is responsible for enforcing the country's privacy laws, stated that
the office lawyers are presently studying the proposal.
The draft plan may receive comments from the public until the end of October
but there is no guarantee that the Interior Ministry will take any comments
into consideration.
Ministry seeks approval for terror law (24.10.2007)
EDRI-gram: Big Brother Awards presented in 4 countries (3.11.2007)
7. Open Document Format gains more support
The first international workshop of Open Document Format (ODF) public sector
users took place in Berlin on 29-30 October 2007, hosted by the Foreign
Office of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The position of the German Foreign Office, as host of the event, was made
very clear. The Federal Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, in his
opening word, called ODF "a completely open and ISO-standardized format",
considering it an "excellent basis" for "a free exchange of knowledge and
information in a time of globalization". The Foreign Office has already
linked its foreign missions in a network using open-source programs and
shifted to OpenOffice and Linux operation systems on their laptops and has
in view to extend this program to all diplomatic workstations by the middle
of 2008.
According to Florian Schie_l of the LiMux Project Office of Munich, where a
migration to Linux is in progress, the ODF is a good tool in reducing the
large range of templates and macros in the municipal government and in
creating more uniform file management standards. The municipal
administration of Freiburg will also implement a project for the migration
of 2000 workstations from Microsoft Office 2000 to OpenOffice, relying in
the future solely on ODF and PDF. ODF will also be adopted as the standard
file format by all agencies and departments of Schwdbisch-Hall as Horst
Brduner, IT director, stated.
Germany is not the only country in favour of ODF. As expressed by Gavin
Beckett of the city administration of Bristol, UK, a migration to Sun
Microsystems's StarOffice is currently in progress in the city
administrative offices. Mr. Beckett pointed out that the difficulty in the
development of the progress is the inertia and habit of the office employees
having been used Microsoft operation system for many years. "The point is to
overcome deeply ingrained modes of behavior," he stated.
Brazil and India are also leaders in the use of open standards in the office
area. Deivi Kuhn of Serpro, a company coordinating the use of open source in
Brazil, declared that ODF standard adopted by the International Organization
for Standardization, a good tool providing both access to knowledge
and ensuring user freedoms, was mandatory for e-government state
interoperability standards. In India, in the federal state of Assam, PCs
with Linux and OpenOffice were given to students and the migration to open
source software was in progress in government offices.
German Foreign Office comes out in favor of Open Document Format
ODF Workshop (29-30.10.2007)
EDRI-gram: OOXML - negative vote at International Organization for
Standardization (12.09.2007)
8. Recommended Action
Privacy International in a coalition with over 50 other organisations from
around the world, including EDRI, is in the process of appealing for the
imminent implementation of the Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition
Act by the Japan's Ministry of Justice. The act will make fingerprint and
face-scan compulsory for Japan's visitors and foreign residents. The
campaign will be launched later this week.
If any organisation wants to endorse this privacy campaign, please contact
as soon as possible Gus Hosein - Privacy International - gus at privacy.org.
9. Recommended Reading
Big Brother Eyes German Journalists
ENISA Position Paper : Security Issues and Recommendations for Online Social
Networks (25.10.2007)
Social Networking is like a 'digital cocktail party': a powerful mixture of
human social instincts and web 2.0 technology which is revolutionising the
Internet. In this position paper, ENISA emphasises the many benefits of
Social Networking but identifies 14 important threats. This leads to 17
recommendations on how Social Networking can be made safer.
10. Agenda
9 November 2007, St. Gallen, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
11 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
GigaNet'07 - Global Internet Governance Academic Network 2nd Annual
12-15 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Government of Brazil will host the second Internet Governance Forum
15-16 November 2007, Lisbon, Portugal
On RFID: The Next step to the Internet of Things
16-18 November 2007, Munich, Germany
20 years of grassroot networks - 20 years /Cl-Network in Germany
Congress on Networking of alternative media, privacy, environment,
anti-nuclear, antifascism, peace and human rights
21 November 2007, London, UK
Privacy enhancing technologies: How to create a trusted information society
29-30 November 2007, Skopje, Macedonia
The International Conference e-Society.Mk on inclusive e-Government
3-4 December 2007, Bonn, Germany
Network Neutrality - Implications for Europe
4-5 December 2007, Rome, Italy
First QualiPSo Conference - Fostering trust and quality of Open Source
Software systems
5-7 December 2007, Pisa, Italy
Second DELOS Conference on Digital Libraries
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanotechnology for security and the crime prevention III
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing

@_date: 2007-11-21 21:20:18
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.22, 21 November 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.22, 21 November 2007
1. UK Government loses personal data on 25 million citizens
2. German Parliament adopted the data retention law
3. IGF 2007: still a long way to effective outcome
4. Lisbon Conference "On RFID - The next step to the Internet of Things"
5. EC announces a larger investigation of the Google-Doubleclick deal
6. Data Protection Act infringed by UK Foreign Office
7. DNA tests approved by French Constitutional council
8. Attack on Russian opposition media claiming copyright infringement
9. Big Brother Awards 2007 - Austria and Switzerland
10. UK govt asks Internet companies to assist in fighting online terrorism
11. PirateBay wants a new software standard to replace BitTorrent
12. ENDitorial: CoE - Content Regulation: Break On Through; IPR: It's Tricky
13. Recommended Reading
14. Agenda
15. About
1. UK government loses personal data on 25 million citizens
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown had had to apologise to Parliament after
two computer discs containing the personal data of 25 million citizens were
lost in the post.
The disks contained the database on child benefit - a welfare payment made
to the families of all children in Britain. The data include children's and
parents' names, addresses and dates of birth, together with parents'
national insurance numbers and bank account details. The disks were not
encrypted but merely "password protected". Britain's most senior tax
official, the head of HM Revenue and Customs, has resigned.
The story has spread to a number of other systems that the government is
building to make ever more information on citizens available to ever more
public-sector workers. For example, there's a plan to link up children's
databases so that a child's medical records, school records, police records
and social-work records can be available to workers who contact the child or
its parents; this was condemned as both unsafe and illegal by a November
2006 report by EDRI-member Foundation for Information Policy Research (FIPR)
for the Information Commissioner. There's also a plan to build several
national medical record databases that will contain the records of tens of
millions of patients; a parliamentary health committee report urged that
patients be given the right to opt out.
The government brushed aside such complaints and kept on with its "database
state" programme. However, the current scandal has put privacy and data
protection at the centre of the political agenda.
Government security failure (20.11.2007)
Brown apologises for data blunder (21.11.2007)
Government under pressure over taxman's giant blunder (21.11.2007)
Second-class and lost in the post (21.11.2007)
(contribution from Ross Anderson - EDRI-member FIPR - UK)
2. German Parliament adopted the data retention law
The German Federal Parliament adopted on 10 November 2007 the law that
implements the EU data retention directive in the German legislation by
amending the current wire tapping legislation. This has triggered a strong
reaction of the opposition and civil society, more than 13 000 citizens
signing to challenge of the law to the Constitutional Court.
The law passed in an open vote (on request by the Greens and the Liberal
Party) with 366 parliamentarians voting for the data retention regulations
and 156 against them. The members of the SPD (Social Democratic Party), CDU
(Christian Democratic Union) and CSU (Christian Social Union) voted for the
law pushed by the Federal Minister of Justice Brigitte Zypries and Federal
Minister of the Interior Wolfgang Schduble.
The new law will enter into force on 1 January 2008, when all the
telecommunication providers will be requested to keep the traffic data for
six months. For the Internet services, this obligation will start at the
beginning of 2009. The Internet traffic data will include storing the email
addresses, IPs and time stamps in the case of electronic mail. The providers
of anonymisation services are also obliged to respect the same provisions.
All these data will be accessible to the law enforcement authorities. But
while the police, court and state prosecutors will need a court order to
access the information, others - such as the intelligent services - will be
able to access the data without any restriction.
The adoption of the law by the Parliament led to a massive response from
the civil society, media associations and opposition. The number of the
signatories of the constitutional challenge of the law reached to 13 000 in
just a few days. The German working group on data retention that is leading
this action announced that the list is still open for signatories until 24
December. The action can be filed with the court in Karlsruhe only after the
law has been published in the Official Gazette.
Patrick Breyer from the working group explains: "According to our
constitution, parliament's powers are limited by the civil rights. It is
unheard of that some representatives seem to think that they are no longer
responsible for the up-holding of our civil rights."
Criticism of the law was made by the personal data protection authorities,
such as the Federal Commissioner for Data Protection Peter Schaar
complaining that the Federal Parliament "agreed to the data retention of
telecommunication data in absence of any suspicion irrespective of the grave
doubts as to its constitutionality" and explaining that the German law
exceeds the EU directive on data retention. The Commissioner for Data
Protection to the State of Saxony, Anhalt Harald von Bose, joined the harsh
comments: "To see this cut-back on personal liberty rights occur on the day
of the Fall of the Wall, November 9, is a bitter fact of life."
Media associations have also complained about the lack of special
requirements in the case of confidential relationships in professional
contexts. The board of the German Journalists' Union, part of the trade
union verdi.de, asked their members to support the constitutional challenge
promoted by the civil society. Other journalist associations, such as the
Federal Association of German Newspaper Publishers, the Association of
German Magazine Publishers and the German Association of Specialised
Journalists steeped up to show their concerns on the adopted law.
Even the former Federal Minister of Justice Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger has
renewed her criticism against the state mandated "retention-craze". There
would be "a real chance that this could lead to a surveillance society", she
German Data Retention working group
Parliament voted in favour of revision of data retention law (10.11.2007)
Federal Parliament passes data retention and wire tapping legislation
Sharp response to rubber stamping of data retention legislation (17.11.2007)
13,000 determined to file suit against data retention legislation
EDRI-gram: Largest anti-surveillance street protest in Germany for 20 years
3. IGF 2007: still a long way to effective outcome
The Internet Governance Forum (IGF) that took place this year in Rio de
Janeiro was attended by over1300 participants from 109 countries and focused
on the following main themes - critical Internet resources, access,
diversity, openness and security. In total there were 84 events in a 4-day
time frame (12-15 November 2007) where people could participate in any
plenary sessions, workshops, best practice sessions, dynamic coalition
meetings and other related meetings.
The UN Undersecretary-General Sha Zhukang explained in the opening session
the scope of the IGF: "The United Nations does not have a role in managing
the Internet. But we do embrace the opportunity to provide, through this
forum, a platform that helps to ensure the Internet's global reach."
However, the still-present subject of moving ICANN out of the US influence
was brought back to the table by some participants. Russian representative
Konstantin Novoderejhkin asked the UN to start a group for moving Internet
governance "under the control of the international community." He was backed
up by other states, including Brazilian officials who asked for an
independent ICANN.
The U.S. Representatives replied that the present arrangement prevents
"other countries from censoring Web sites by deleting entries out of domain
name directories." Another strong supporter of the status-quo was Vincent
Cerf that explained: "ICANN has existed for eight years and done a great job
with its plans for internationalisation.'' He also emphasised that the
government attempts to control the Internet will probably fail.
Other important topics were also on the agenda of the IGF. Network
neutrality was seen as an important proposal of the global public policy.
Japanese Vice Minister for Policy Coordination Kiyoshi Moric considered
network neutrality "as one of three key issues that had to be addressed."
Amnesty International used the opportunity to renew its call to governments
and companies to make human rights central to Internet governance. Nick
Dearden, part of Amnesty International's delegation to the IGF, explained:
"In the 12 months since the last IGF we've witnessed the crisis in Burma,
where the Internet was used to get images and information out of the country
and to mobilize people all over the world to take action. On the other hand
we have also monitored the increase in censorship, filtering and blocking of
IP Justice identified in their public report of the IGF 2007 three major
areas where this year Forum has proved to be useful: high
quality of the workshops and best practice sessions, world-class technical
capabilities and remote participation opportunities and offline interactions
& networking opportunities. But it has also highlighted other subjects that
could be improved in the next sessions such as: human rights and other
controversial topics avoided in main sessions, emphasizing lack of gender
balance and exclusion of young voices in main sessions that were dominated
by established players.
Would this be enough to make IGF more than a worldwide conference on
Internet governance? While there is still a long way to go for the
IGF making any recommendation, the Forum has been given a mandate
from the Tunis World Summit on the Information Society entailing a
number of functions that obviously cannot be effectively fulfilled by
an annual conference. This was precisely the issue discussed at a
workshop organized by the civil society Internet governance caucus on
"fulfilling the mandate of the IGF". One simple idea came out, inter
alia, from this workshop, which is to leverage proposals issued from
workshops and other dynamic coalitions meeting, by bringing them to
wider discussion in IGF plenary sessions.
Among such outcomes worth discussing at a broader level, one could be
the joint proposal from the Council of Europe (CoE) and the
Association for Progressive Communications (APC) to set up a
"mechanism to foster participation, access to information and
transparency in Internet governance". As explained by CoE and APC,
"the mechanism should ensure that all the institutions which play a
role in some aspect of governing the internet commit to transparency,
public participation, including participation of all stakeholders,
and access to information in their activities". CoE and APC propose
to consider, as a prototype to such a mechanism, the United Nations
Economic Commission for Europe's Aarhus Convention on Access to
Information, Public Participation in Decision-making and Access to
Justice in Environmental Matter.
The next year Internet Governance Forum will take place in New Delhi, India
and is scheduled for 8-11 December 2008.
Internet Governance Forum (IGF)
Second Meeting of the Internet Governance Forum (IGF) - Chairman's Summary
IP Justice Report on 2007 Internet Governance Forum (IGF) (19.11.2007)
U.S. Control Of Internet Still A Concern (16.11.2007)
Internet Governance Forum: Test Of A New Global Governance Model
Rio IGF 2008: Amnesty renews its call on governments and companies to make
human rights central to Internet governance (16.11.2007)
CoE-APC joint press release (13.11.2007)
EDRI-gram: ENDitorial : IGF - UN innovation or just another conference ?
4. Lisbon Conference "On RFID - The next step to the Internet of Things"
Last week the conference "On RFID", organised by the Portuguese Presidency
with support of the European Commission DG Information Society, took place
in Lisbon. During the one and a half days of the conference a number of
topics were discussed, that could be crucial for the future development of
RFID technology.
Privacy and security were the topics of a panel discussion held during the
morning of the first day. The participants in this discussion,
representatives of industry, consumer, data protection and international
organisations, all shared the opinion that security and privacy by design is
the proper way for advancements of RFID technology. As Reinhard Posch,
representative of the European Network and Information Security Agency
(ENISA), stated, the assumption that cloning of RFID tags is too expensive
to constitute a risk, is not sustainable. Therefore, the utilisation of
strong cryptography will be necessary to technically ensure a proper level
of data protection.
With regards to data protection in the field of RFID, Peter Hustinx, the
European Data Protection Supervisor, stated in his intervention that first
it is necessary to properly implement the data protection rules that
already exist and that probably some clarifications of these rules (as the
one on the concept of personal data by the Article 29 working party) need to
be made to ensure that they are understood and implemented correctly. At the
end of this process it might well turn out that additional regulations are
needed to address new problems that might arise when implementing and
deploying RFID technology. According to Mr. Hustinx, a key issue that should
be addressed in RFID research is, that users get control over the technology
and that they are enabled to explicitly opt-in to the use of RFID, if they
so wish.
Among the participants of the conference was Humberto Moran, founder
and director of Friendly Technologies Ltd. His company claims to have
invented "a privacy-friendly system for the tracking and control of mobile
objects using RFID tags, which cannot be interrogated by unauthorised
readers" (patent pending). The main concept of this system is to protect the
data on every RFID tag with a password and to hand over the password with
the movement of the object from one RFID reader to another. Once the
ownership of a tagged object changes the owner also has to hand over the
password to the new owner and delete it from his own systems. While this
concept certainly has the potential to significantly strengthen the control
of individuals in RFID systems, its suitability for real world applications
has still to be proven. To this end, Friendly Technologies is currently
looking for adequate funding.
Not only privacy and security are limiting factors for the development of
RFID systems. While the size of the silicon chips can be further decreased
(more or less constantly following Moore's law), physical limits hinder a
further significant reduction of the size of the antennas of RFID Tags. A
way to overcome these limitations would be to use higher frequencies for the
communication between Tags and Readers, but this again would be subject to
limitations due to an increased sensitivity to interferences. Therefore, it
was said, a further decrease in the size of RFID Tags is not to be expected
in the near future.
With regards to RFID research in Europe, a RFID Reference Model developed by
the Cluster of European RFID Projects, was presented at the conference. This
Reference Model depicts eight main RFID application fields (from "Logistical
Tracking & Tracing of Goods" to "Public Services") and research topics
relevant to them.
In the morning session of the second conference day, RFID governance issues
were discussed. Problems here are similar to the situation with the Domain
Name Service (DNS) for Internet domain names, since EPCGlobal's Object Name
Service (ONS; which provides for tagged objects a service similar to the
DNS) is designed to have one central managing authority (like ICANN for
DNS). Given the dominant position of the US government with regards to ICANN
it is certainly very unlikely that a central component of a future Internet
of Things will remain undisputed amongst countries. Therefore a design
should be found that allows for a decentralised architecture.
As this conference showed, there are many problems  that have to be resolved
on the way to an Internet of Things. Privacy and security are now clearly
topics that have to be addressed and properly answered before a large scale
deployment of RFID technology is possible and acceptable. It will however
take a while until these answers are implemented and available in
technology. As Sanjay Sarma from MIT Auto-ID Labs mentioned in the closing
session of the conference, encryption on passive cheap RFID Tags is still
five years away.
On RFID - The next step to the Internet of Things
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion No. 4/2007 on the concept of personal data
Patent application: Privacy-friendly RFID system prevents unauthorised
interrogation of RFID tags
Moore's law
RFID Reference Model
Cluster of European RFID Projects (CERP)
MIT Auto-ID Lab
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRI-member VIBE!AT )
5. EC announces a larger investigation of the Google-DoubleClick deal
The European Commission (EC) announced on 13 November 2007 that its initial
investigation in the deal Google-DoubleClick "indicated that the proposed
merger would raise competition concerns in the markets for intermediation
and ad serving in online advertising."
Therefore the Commission decided to open an in-depth investigation in this
case in order to take a final decision on whether the proposed transaction
would significantly impede effective competition within the European market
or any substantial part of it.
The Commission also announced that it would investigate "whether without
this transaction, DoubleClick would have grown into an effective competitor
of Google in the market for online ad intermediation. It will also
investigate whether the merger, which combines the leading providers of
respectively, on the one hand, online advertising space and intermediation
services, and, on the other hand, ad serving technology, could lead to
anti-competitive restrictions for competitors operating in these markets and
thus harm consumers."
The announcement of the Commission comes after several consumer and data
protection groups asked for an detailed investigation on the matter. Privacy
International sent on 5 November 2007 a letter, supported by EDRI, to the
European Commission DG Competition, Commissioner Kroes, arguing that the
merger could have serious implications for privacy innovation in
EC will deliver its opinion by 3 April 2008 and the decision to open this
in-depth enquiry does not prejudge the final result of the investigation.
Mergers: Commission opens in-depth investigation into Google's proposed take
over of DoubleClick (13.11.2007)
European Union Investigates Google-DoubleClick Deal (14.11.2007)
EDRI-gram: EDRI supports PI's comments on Google-Doubleclick merger
6. Data Protection Act infringed by UK Foreign Office
Following an investigation into the online visa application system for UK,
the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) ruled on 13 November 2007 that
the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) was in breach of the Data
Protection Act, having failed to properly protect visa applications made
over the Internet through its UK visas website.
The site is run by FCO together with the Home Office and is outsourced to an
Indian company called VFS. The problem was first signalled by a member of
the public who alerted VFS being concerned of the fact that he could read
details about other applicants. But only this year have VFS and FCO admitted
there was a problem after the issue was brought out by a Channel 4 News
investigation showing the visa applicant data was not secure.
The ICO investigation has shown that at least 50 000 applications to the
British High Commission in India were affected and found "inadequate
central control of the moves to outsourcing" stating that officials had a
"piecemeal" approach to privacy. The report concluded that: "The earlier
contracts paid insufficient attention to the requirements of the Data
Protection Act and to basic IT security."
FCO fully cooperated with ICO during the investigation also providing ICO
with an independent report into the breach. ICO asked FCO to sign a formal
undertaking to comply with the Data Protection Act which comprises the eight
basic principles of personal data protection.
"Organisations have a duty to keep our personal information secure (...) If
they fail to take this responsibility seriously, they not only leave
individuals vulnerable to identity theft, but risk losing confidence and
trust" said Mick Gorrill, assistant commissioner at the Information
Commissioner's Office.
Failure by FCO to meet the terms of the undertaking may lead to further
action by the ICO.
Foreign Office in breach of the Data Protection Act - ICO Press Release
Government broke data protection laws (14.11.2007)
7. DNA tests approved by French Constitutional council
In a decision published on 15 November 2007, the French Constitutional
council approved the introduction of DNA testing in the new immigration law
to prove family links for foreign candidates applying for a more than 3
months visa on family regrouping grounds. However, it has further restricted
their use, making two explicit reservations.
The first reservation makes this provision irrelevant when family links with
the mother can be proven by any other legal mean under the law of the
mother's country. The second reservation forbids any systematic application
of DNA testing, since the Council reminds that all other means to prove
family links should be used first by French consulates.
With these and previous restrictions made by the French Senate,
this provision will indeed be hardly applicable in practice. However,
this decision from the Constitutional council is a breach of the
French laws on bioethics of 1994 and 2004, which explicitly stipulate
that the identification by genetic prints can be done only for
medical or scientific research purposes. And, for the first time,
this breach is made for administrative purposes.
French Constitutional council Decision 2007-557 DC (in French only,
EDRI-gram: Update On Dna And Biometrics In French Immigration Law (24.10.07)
EDRI-gram: DNA Tests Proposed In France For Family Visa Applicants
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
8. Attack on Russian opposition media claiming copyright infringement
The local edition of Moscow-based independent newspaper Novaya Gazeta from
Samara was closed down on 8 November 2007 by the Russian authorities and its
editor Sergei Kurt-Adzhiyev was criminally indicted under the accusation of
having violated copyright provisions of the Russian Penal Code, by using
counterfeit software. Violations carry up to six years in prison.
The problems started on 11 May 2007 right before the so called March of
Dissent, led by Kasparov's Other Russia opposition coalition, as the paper
was one of the few media company having planned to cover the march. Several
officers from the Samara Main Internal Affairs Directorate came to the
newspaper offices and seized all of its computers under the accusation of
using counterfeit software. Later the same day, all the office papers,
including financial ones, were confiscated as well.
The case is part of a larger action of the Russian government against
independent news media, advocacy organisations and opposition political
activists, all police raids having the same pretext of investigating an
alleged use of counterfeit software. The actions are taking under the
coverage of the repeated concerns expressed by the Western world in relation
to the high level of piracy in Russia.
"Our law enforcement finally realized that computers are very important
tools for their opponents, and they have decided to take away these tools by
doing something close to the West's agenda," said Vladimir Pribylovsky, head
of the Panorama research institute in Moscow.
Novaya Gazeta says it believes its software is legal. According to Vitaly
Yaroshevsky, a deputy editor of the newspaper: "This is not a campaign
against piracy, it's a campaign against dissent. (...) The authorities want
to destroy an opposition newspaper. It doesn't matter if we send more
computers to Samara. It doesn't matter if we show we bought computers
legally. It will change nothing."
The shutting down of the newspaper is also criticised by the Committee to
Protect Journalists (CPJ). "The authorities in Samara have effectively
silenced an independent newspaper that dared to cover an opposition party
campaign in an election year. (...) We call on local prosecutors to drop all
charges against Sergei Kurt-Adzhiyev, return all seized equipment and
financial documents, and allow the paper to print without fear of
harassment." stated Joel Simon, CPJ Executive Director.
Samara's police made no comment on the issue stating they would make an
official statement at the completion of the investigation. In the mean time,
the activist groups in Russia are checking the legality of their software.
"Most people are trying to put things in order" said Tatyana Lokshina, head
of Demos, a human rights group.
Russia Casts A Selective Net in Piracy Crackdown (14.11.2007)
Novaya Gazeta's work paralyzed due to counterfeit Windows (11.06.2007)
Russia: Authorities shutter Novaya Gazeta's Samara edition (13.11.2007)
EDRI-gram: Putin wants control of Russian Internet (7.11.2007)
9. Big Brother Awards 2007 - Austria and Switzerland
The Big Brother Awards ceremonies in Austria and Switzerland took place in
the past weeks in Viena, on the 25 October 2007 and in St Gall, on the 9
November 2007, respectively.
The Swiss ceremony of the 8th edition of Big Brother Awards was organised by
the associations "droitsfondamentaux.ch" and EDRI-member Swiss Internet
UserGroup (SIUG).
The award for the State and for the entire work was received by the Federal
Councillor Christoph Blocher. In the Business category the insurance company
HELSANA of Zurich was the winner and CFF and OFT were awarded in the Work
place category.
The Austrian Big Brother Awards was organised in 2007 by Linux User Group
Austria and EDRI-members quintessenz and VIBE!AT .
For the Business and Finances category the award was received by Heinrich
Frey from the Cab guild for the video surveillance in cabs. The surveillance
of the Austrian cab drivers was escalated from radio data transmission
records of the personal data of each individual driver to GPS monitoring of
the vehicles and personal physical check by an infrared seat contact system,
crowned by the installation of "inconspicuous, easily and discretely to
install" video systems on cabs introduced by RTS and the cab guild of the
chamber of economics. The cab guild stated the data recorded were deleted
after 48 hours, but did not give any guarantees for that.
The Policy category award was initially won by Claudia Schmied the Minister
of Education, Arts and Culture for the still unsolved issues related to the
"education evidence" bill, a draft law for the collection of data on pupils,
including data on expels from school, social anomalies, attendance of
religious classes, remedial needs. The database is linked with the social
assurance number and is to be stored for 6 years. The latest draft law does
not include sufficient legal protection for pupils and is intended for a
large and vague term of "administrative purposes". Only a non-committing
right to complaint to the data protection commission is provided by the
draft instead of the information and rectification right as stipulated by
the data protection law. The award was not given as and is kept "in
evidence" for the time being, as a result of a recent amendment to the bill
proposed by the Minister that brings some improvements to the draft.
Peter van der Arend, of the royal Dutch Telecom KPN has received the award
for the Authorities and Administration category for data mining standards
for Telecom traffic data. He is the chairman of the Telecom "Lawful
Interception" (TC LI) committee in the European Telecom Standards Institute
which is in charge of the creation of a uniform system to monitor all fixed
line and mobile telephony networks. TC LI changes the requirements of the
police and judiciary into technical standards that will be compulsory for
all telecom equipment. As such, all telephony networks with carry inborn
surveillance from the start. "Lawful Interception" includes a set of rules
that goes against the present European laws, being therefore actually
In Communication and Marketing section, the award was received by Anthony E.
Zuiker, author of the C.S.I series which present DNA Analysis, criminal
search and the "Aushebelung" (by-passing) of civil rights in a biased way,
presenting citizens' rights as hindering to an investigation and showing in
a positive light the way in which the investigators "smartly" by-pass civil
rights. The series are most dangerous as they were taken as examples by
other similar type of series, which try to manipulate the public opinion.
Hans Dichand, editor-in-chief of the "Kurier" (Courier Newspaper) in Vienna
and the power behind the "Kronenzeitung" (Crown Newspaper), which is the
most widely circulated daily newspaper in Austria, received the award for a
Life's work, as the manipulator of the republic by means of the media he
leads that support the strategic goals of their owner. People that are not
to the liking of the publisher are exposed in the Kurier with full address
and phone number.
The positive award Defensor Libertatis was won by Karl Korinek, President of
the Constitutional Court for having kept warning about the danger of the
fight against terrorism leading to a total surveillance state. He advised on
the risk that security may displace the fundamental rights such as the
privacy of correspondence, the secrecy of telecommunications and the data
Big Brother Awards 2007 Switzerland (only in French, 9.11.2007)
Big Brother Awards 2007 Switzerland - Winners (only in German, 9.11.2007)
Austrian Big Brother Awards 2007 - Winners
10. UK govt asks Internet companies to assist in fighting online terrorism
Gordon Brown, British Prime Minister, made a statement on 14 November 2007
announcing, among other security measures, the intention to ask Internet
companies to assist the government in its fight against online terrorist
propaganda by finding ways to stop such content.
The Prime Minister stated the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith was "inviting the
largest global technology and Internet companies to work together to ensure
that our best technical expertise is galvanized to counter online incitement
to hatred". The proposal comes in line with the European Union efforts to
find ways to sanction Web sites that display terror material.
The Home Office said it was not yet clear if Brown's proposal would need new
legislation or only different means of enforcing the present one. According
to the British law, it is forbidden to publish statements encouraging
terrorism or to disseminate any material considered as terrorist, such as
bomb-making information. Based on the so-called "notice and take down"
procedures, Internet service providers can be required by companies,
authorities and even individuals to remove illegal content such as terrorist
material or child pornography.
One measure could be the shutting down of allegedly faulty sites including
sites hosted abroad. A list of banned sites could be drafted by the
government, similarly to the one created by Internet Watch Foundation
in 2004 which is up-dated twice a day blocking the access of Britons to
overseas child pornography.
Another method could be to ask search engines to filter out prohibited
content from their search results, or to find ways to stop key words such as
"bomb" from leading to terrorist-related sites.
According to EDRI-member Ian Brown, researcher at the Oxford Internet
Institute, the proposal is fundamentally a losing one and the proposed
measures would have very little effectiveness as terrorist content could
still be published through file-sharing networks, discussion forums, or
access material by means of sophisticated software programs and proxy
servers allowing users to anonymously browse the Internet.
UK Wants Net Companies to Fight Terror (14.11.2007)
PM statement on security measures (14.11.2007)
11. PirateBay wants a new software standard to replace BitTorrent
The Pirate Bay, the famous torrent Swedish website, may affect BitTorrent
programme by developing a new software standard for Internet downloads.
According to Peter Sunde, Pirate Bay's co-founder, the site might have a
new, more open alternative of file-sharing software at the beginning of next
year. In his opinion, BitTorrent might develop in the future some features
discouraging the trade of  some "pirated materials" which might affect very
many users of the site. There are also fears that BitTorrent may gain total
control over P2P traffic which led to the creation of a working group that
will build an open protocol that could be further developed by anyone
without being controlled by anybody. The working group has also in view the
development of technical improvements to the current file-sharing methods
including the optimisation of upload bandwidth and the increasing of the
user privacy degree.
BitTorrent's deal with Brightcove, a web distributor of video for CBS, News
Corp's Fox Entertainment Group, Viacom, and New York Times can indeed be
seen as a threat as commented Eric Garland, chief executive of BigChampagne,
a company tracking file sharing. "Future development (of BitTorrent
software) will almost certainly be focused on things that do not benefit or
further the aims of the pirate" he said.
In its turn, BitTorrent does not feel threatened by Pirate Bay's intentions.
"We are not really disappointed here," declared Ashwin Navin, president and
co-founder of BitTorrent who added: "The pirate community has never paid us
a dime."
NetzpolitikTV - Interview with Peter from ThePirateBay.org. (29.10.2007)
File-sharing pirates attempt new software standard (7.11.2007)
BitTorrent to be killed by Pirate Bay plans? (31.10.2007)
12. ENDitorial: CoE - Content Regulation: Break On Through; IPR: It's Tricky
The 8th meeting of the Council of Europe (CoE) group of specialists on Human
Rights in the Information Society (MC-S-IS) was held in Strasbourg on 29-30
October 2007. It was mainly dedicated to discussing draft documents on
technical measures and their impact on human rights and particularly freedom
of expression. Two areas were more specifically addressed: content
regulation and intellectual property.
In its position of independent NGO observer to the CoE MC-S-IS, EDRI voices
its concerns when needed, including loudly by running campaigns, like the
recent one against a new Recommendation failing to uphold online freedom of
expression (Rec(2007)11). In this campaign, EDRI statement was endorsed by
34 national and international NGOs, including major freedom of expression,
freedom of the press, and human rights groups. However, EDRI is also fully
playing its role when promoting CoE outcomes likely to become important
tools for online freedom of expression defenders.
This is likely to happen very soon, provided that the draft 'Recommendation
on measures to promote the respect for freedom of expression and information
as regards technical filtering measures' and its accompanying draft "Report
on the use and impact of technical filtering measures for various types of
content in the online environment, with particular regard to Article 10 of
the European Convention on Human Rights" are adopted without important
modifications by the Steering Committee on the Media and New Communication
Services (CDMC) during its next meeting, and then by the CoE Committee of
Both draft documents have been adopted during this MC-S-IS meeting. Members
and observers of the MC-S-IS group discussed the documents prepared by
Austria (MC-S-IS group vice-chair) and Armenia representatives, with the
help of the MC-S-IS Secretariat as well as of EDRI as observer. EDRI had the
opportunity to suggest many changes to both documents before their
submission to the whole group, and almost all these changes were included.
As many members of the group acknowledged, this Recommendation would be the
first important document breaking off the usual national, European and
international rhetoric of "technical filtering panacea" to fight illegal or
harmful content, in that it reintroduces the need to respect
human rights standards, first and foremost freedom of expression, but also
the right to privacy and other provisions of the European Convention of
Human Rights, including the rule of law principle. One member, namely
Norway, insisted though on the "impression the documents gave that
governments wont be allowed to any content filtering of blocking" anymore,
but it was rather isolated in such position.
The final draft document recommends that CoE member States "take measures to
promote the respect for freedom of expression and information as regards
technical filtering measures in line with provided guidelines", as well as
"to bring these guidelines to the attention of all relevant private and
public sector stakeholders, in particular those who design, activate, use
and monitor technical filtering measures, and civil society, so that they
can contribute to their implementation."
The draft Recommendation sets out detailed guidelines on: (I) "Using and
controlling filters in order to fully exercise and enjoy the right to
freedom of expression and information", (II) "Appropriate filtering for
children and young people", and (III) "Use and application of filtering
systems by State actors and the private sector".
Another set of draft documents discussed at the same meeting was far from
receiving the same welcome, and it is not even likely to be adopted soon, if
at all. These documents are a draft "Recommendation on freedom of expression
and information and intellectual property rights in the new information and
communications environment" and its accompanying draft report on emerging
issues and trends in this context. The former was prepared by Switzerland
representative (MC-S-IS group chair) with the help of the Secretariat, and
the latter by the Secretariat and an informal working group made up of
representatives from France, Malta, Norway and INSAFE/European SchoolNet
observer representative.
While EDRI has not taken part in the preparation of these documents, it
found the drafts submitted for discussion a very positive achievement, and
expressed this position to the MC-S-IS group. However, the documents
generated an incredibly heated discussion, to the extent that some member
States showed a truly blocking attitude, even trying to claim that these
issues were out of the MC-S-IS group mandate, and, as if this was not
enough, to question the ability of its members and observers to discuss
issues dealing with intellectual property.
The strongest opponent to the documents was undoubtedly Norway, followed,
though less aggressively, by Finland, France and Portugal. ENPA (European
Newspaper Publishers' Association) joined this opponent group as observer.
In addition to Switzerland, Austria and Armenia advocated in favour of the
draft documents, joined by EDRI, INSAFE/European SchoolNet and EBU (European
Broadcasting Union) as observers.
As the MC-S-IS group chair and vice-chair clarified, these documents
specifically address the protection of freedom of expression when using
intellectual property digital rights management techniques, which is clearly
within the group mandate, especially since a former expert group on
issues does not exist anymore, its mandate having been transferred to the
MC-S-IS group. It was also reminded that it is the responsibility of the
MC-S-IS group to address and explore any issue within its mandate, even
controversial ones.
Main contentious points relate to guidelines in view of promoting access to
knowledge and education, of assisting IP right holders to self-determine how
their protected works can be accessed, and of promoting innovative systems
of remuneration for right holders who want to allow their protected works to
be used and/or reused.
The issue should be again on the agenda of next MC-S-IS meetings in 2008. In
the mean time, the MC-S-IS group will elaborate a synthesis of main points
of disagreement and report to the CDMC. One of the decisions to be made is
whether this activity would lead to a CoE Recommendation or to other, even
less normative, kind of document or action (some even suggested yet another
conference). In this latter case, EDRI and many other NGOs would likely have
to consider this as surrender to main lobbies.
In addition to these two main discussions, the MC-S-IS group had a quick
preliminary exchange of views regarding two possible future documents on
understanding the freedom of expression and information with regard to the
work of Internet service providers on the one hand, and of online game
providers on the other hand. A third document, not yet drafted, is also
foreseen on the work of social networking sites operators. A short
discussion was held on their relevance, even though these documents would be
a set of guidelines for concerned actors rather than normative documents
intended to State members. The group agreed that, more generally speaking,
web 2.0 services should be addressed in relation with the respect for human
rights and human dignity. An informal working group will start preparing
inputs on this issue, participants being Switzerland and France, with EDRI
as observer.
Moreover, the group considered the establishment of a "standard-setting
instrument which promotes a coherent pan-European level of protection for
children from harmful content when using new communication technologies and
services and the Internet, while ensuring freedom of expression and the free
flow of information". The general mood inclined towards the lack of
relevance of such activity, especially after Austria, Armenia, and EDRI as
observer strongly warned of the difficulty, if not the impossibility,
to agree on a general definition of harmful content, taking into account the
diversity of cultures, values and sensibilities at the pan-European level.
Finally, the group had to consider possible new work topics, in view of the
renewal of MC-S-IS terms of reference and of the suggestion of themes for
the 1st European Ministerial Conference on media and new communication
services, to be held in Reykjavik in May 2009 as decided by the CDMC 5th
meeting. In addition to the respect for human rights and human dignity in
web2.0 that was already decided, search engines as well as the respect for
privacy have been suggested by EDRI. Next regular MC-S-IS meeting is
scheduled in late March 2008.
CoE MC-S-IS public website
EDRI-gram: CoE to address the impact of technical measures on human rights
EDRI campaign on new CoE recommendation failing to uphold online freedom of
expression (10.10.2007)
CDMC 5th meeting report (12.09.2007)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
13. Recommended Reading
Council of Europe Recommendation CM/Rec(2007)16 of the Committee of
Ministers to member states on measures to promote the public service value
of the Internet, adopted on 7 November 2007
Council of Europe Submission to the Internet Governance Forum, Rio de
Janeiro, Brazil, 12-15 November 2007, "Building a free and safe
14. Agenda
29-30 November 2007, Skopje, Macedonia
The International Conference e-Society.Mk on inclusive e-Government
3-4 December 2007, Bonn, Germany
Network Neutrality - Implications for Europe
4-5 December 2007, Rome, Italy
First QualiPSo Conference - Fostering trust and quality of Open Source
Software systems
5-7 December 2007, Pisa, Italy
Second DELOS Conference on Digital Libraries
27-30 December, Berlin, Germany
24th Chaos Communication Congress
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanotechnology for security and the crime prevention III
15. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-10-10 21:06:11
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.19, 10 October 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.19, 10 October 2007
1. EDRI Statement and Call for Action on new CoE Rec. failing to uphold FoE
2. WIPO General Assembly adopted the PCDA proposals
3. French ISPs agree to spy on Internet users to stop online piracy
4. The days of the Austrian DPA are numbered
5. Italian Minister of Justice wants to close sarcastic blog
6. UK fails to implement properly the EU data protection directive
7. German DP Commissioner against Google-Doubleclick deal
8. UK: Decrypt data or go to prison!
9. European Parliament resolution on a European digital library
10. ENDitorial: Montreal Privacy Week: Terra Incognita or Deja Vu?
11. Agenda
12. About
1. EDRI Statement and Call for Action on new CoE Rec. failing to uphold FoE
Today EDRI issued a statement to express its serious concerns over a new
Council of Europe Recommendation on 'promoting freedom of expression and
information in the new information and communications environment'.
According to EDRI, the newly adopted instrument promotes opaque
"self-regulation" and other soft law instruments driven by private interests
and implemented through technical mechanisms. EDRI considers this
Recommendation to be damaging and a retrograde step for freedom of
expression and freedom of the press in the online world. EDRI is deeply
concerned that such instruments will be used to legitimize subtle means of
censorship, through privatised censorship and measures to protect against
so-called harmful content.
As other related instruments are currently in preparation by the CoE, EDRI
calls for NGOs and groups from all over the world to sign up in support of
EDRI statement and take further action to help avoid the risk of more
damages to freedom of expression and information in the online world.
EDRI statement, call for action, and background information (10.10.2007)
New Council of Europe Recommendation fails to uphold online freedom of
expression - European Digital Rights Statement and Call for
Action(10.10.2007) - PDF format
2. WIPO General Assembly adopted the PCDA proposals
The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) member states adopted
during the General Assembly on 28 September 2007 the recommendations made in
June 2007 by the Provisional Committee on Proposals for a WIPO Development
Agenda (PCDA).
The recommendations include 45 proposals that cover six activity
clusters: Technical Assistance and Capacity Building; Norm-setting,
Flexibilities, Public Policy and Public Knowledge; Technology Transfer,
Information and Communication Technology (ICT) and Access to Knowledge;
Assessments, Evaluation and Impact Studies; Institutional Matters including
Mandate and Governance; and Other Issues.
The Plan of Action started in 2004 at WIPO General Assembly with a proposal
made by Argentina and Brazil and supported by twelve other members. A series
of meetings followed in order to discuss proposals and the establishment of
PCDA was agreed on at the 2005 session of the WIPO General Assembly, in
order to speed up the discussions on the proposals. The PCDA had two
meetings in 2006 to discuss the 111 submitted proposals and during the 2006
WIPO General Assembly session it received a new mandate for one year to
complete the verification of the proposals that were narrowed down to 45.
During the meeting of 28 September, WIPO members agreed on establishing a
Committee on Development and Intellectual Property made of member states
that would draft a program for the implementation of the recommendations and
would have the task to monitor and assess their implementation. The
Committee that will meet twice a year in a five-day session, would
coordinate its activity and reporting with other WIPO bodies and would
annually report and make recommendations to WIPO General Assembly. The first
meeting of the Committee is expected to take place during the first part of
A number of 19 proposals out of the 45 have been chosen by informal
consultations within the PCDA context to be immediately implemented. The
most important proposals are related to the establishment of norms, to
technology transfers and to the structure that needs to be created in order
to support and integrate the development of the organisation, as it was
explained by Alberto Dumont, the Argentinean Ambassador. He also considered
that the Plan of Action would have effects not only on WIPO activities but
also on the activities of other international organisations such as the
World Health Organisation in the work related to public health, intellectual
property and innovation.
Dr. Kamil Idris, the Director General of WIPO considered this decision as
a "milestone decision" that is "an important and positive step towards
ensuring that the international intellectual property system continues to
serve the public good by encouraging and rewarding innovation and creativity
in a balanced and effective manner."
A significant impact upon the adoption of this Plan of Action was played by
national and international NGOs. Wend Wendland, head of WIPO's programme on
traditional knowledge, confirmed that the NGOs have succeeded in
influencing the discussions and the priorities for WIPO, in helping
developing countries better understand Intellectual Property and in
increasing the focus on "new beneficiaries" of the IP system.
Member States Adopt a Development Agenda for WIPO (1.10.2007)
WIPO action plan for development is on the track (only in French 4.10.2007)
NGOs Having Major Impact On WIPO Agenda, Panel Says (5.10.2007)
Report of the Provisional Committee on Proposals Related to a WIPO
Development Agenda (PCDA) (17.09.2007)
EDRI-gram: PCDA brings a major change in the WIPO mandate (20.06.2007)
3. French ISPs agree to spy on Internet users to stop online piracy
The Association of the French ISPs (AFA) agreed to propose concrete
solutions to stop illegal downloading, following the discussion on 3 October
2007 with the Commission fighting Internet piracy led by Denis
Olivennes. The solutions included the introduction of a system to detect the
Internet users that illegally post copyrighted contents on the Internet.
On 5 September 2007, this French Commission received its formal mission from
the French government to find ways of combating illegal downloads on the
Internet and thus support the legal cinema and music offer. By taking the
decision to create this mission, the French government wanted to show its
determination to take initiatives against online piracy and support the
cultural industry. "The idea that everything is possible must come to an
end. We cannot let the idea that culture must be free of charge and that
creation (...) has no price, therefore no value" stated Christine Albanel,
Minister of Culture. On that occasion she also suggested to offer Internet
users an alternative like that of the offer of limited music downloading
made by Neuf Cegetel in partnership with Universal. Denis Olivennes,
President-Director General of FNAC, the largest French retailer of cultural
and consumer electronics products, was appointed president of this
Commission (called Olivennes mission).
The Commission led by Olivennes is to consider issues such as price,
interoperability, DRM and any aspects that can favour legal downloading. As
the issue of contraventions for illegal downloading was eliminated from the
copyright law (DADVSI), the Olivennes mission has also the task to come up
with tools and measures to address this subject.
One topic that was excluded for the mission was that of the global licence
considered dangerous by the Minister of Culture and to which President
Nicolas Sarkozy promised to oppose during his election campaign.
During the meeting with the Commission, AFA suggested the introduction of a
system to detect the Internet users that illegally post copyrighted contents
on the Internet, such as music or movies, based on "radar" robot
computers that would react as if their users wanted to download content on
P2P networks. The system would use different ISP accounts and
dynamic addresses in order to keep anonymous. The Association did not
however want to monitor the system suggesting that it should be placed
outside the ISPs networks. The system "must be administered by a police
authority as it touches questions of individual liberty" stated Dahlia
Kownator, AFA general delegate .On the other hand the association opposed
to any type of content filtering which is considered an inefficient tool,
especially as regards the encrypted transmission .
Another suggestion made by the AFA was that warning messages could
be sent to Internet users by a public authority as it was done in the US.
AFA also agreed to contraventions as a last measure, but with the parallel
development of legal opportunities to buy content on the Internet.
The idea of contraventions is favoured however by the National Union of the
Phonographic that hopes the idea will be resumed. Not surprisingly its
General Director, Hervi Rony considers there is the need of rapid sanctions
for the Internet user who makes illegal downloads. He believes that there
should be a legal way to fine such downloading, something similar to a fine
for speeding.
ISPs favourable to anti-pirates "radars" (only in French, 5.10.2007)
The government reopen the illegal downloading file (only in French,
4. The days of the Austrian DPA are numbered
The lack of adequate independence of the Austrian Data Protection Authority
(Datenschutzkommission) is an issue the European Commission deals with since
a complaint was filed by the data protection association Arge Daten
back in October 2003.
In July 2005 the Commission started infringement procedures against Austria
for a faulty implementation of Article 28 (1) second sentence of the data
protection directive (95/46/EG) which requires that data protection
authorities shall exercise their functions with complete independence.
The Austrian Data Protection Commission is, in terms of organisation and
staff, integrated in the Federal Chancellery.
According to a draft law, aiming to change various regulations of the
Austrian Constitution that was open for public consultation until mid
September, the DPA will be closed down. Some of the duties of the DPA are
planned to be assigned to nine administration courts (one in each of the
nine Austrian provinces) that will be established with this new law. By
which organisation(s) the remaining duties will be fulfilled remains
In its bi-annual activity report for the years 2005 - 2007 the DPA strongly
opposes these plans, arguing that the possibilities to assign the duties of
the DPA to administration courts are limited, since these courts can only
deal with complaints about unlawful behaviour of administrative bodies.
Complaints about unlawful behaviour of private sector entities will then be
dealt with by civil courts.
This will not only make it difficult for citizens to find the responsible
court but also increases the barrier and costs to execute ones' rights,
since (administration) court procedures are by far more formal than the very
informal procedures of the existing Data Protection Authority.
While it remains unclear which organisation(s) will fulfil the remaining
duties of the DPA the draft law includes provisions to create "independent"
institutions that are not bound to directives of their superior
institutions. But superior institutions will be granted the right to examine
all procedures of the "independent" institution and to withdraw the
"independent" institutions for "important reasons".
If this draft law comes into force without substantial corrections this will
lead to an even lower level of enforcement of data protection rights than
Austria enjoys today. This level is rather low in Austria since the DPA
suffers of a lack of staff while its workload constantly increases.
In a comparison of the number of staff of European DPAs in relation to
inhabitants of their countries, the Austrian DPA is on rank 27 (24 in the
year 2004) out of 31 countries. On the average, similar sized countries have
DPAs with 40 staff members, the Austrian DPA only has 20.
While in most other countries the number of staff increased between 2004 and
2006 it remained the same in Austria, but even worse, the important position
of the contact person to international organisations like the Article 29
working party had to be given up due to new duties that were assigned to the
Concluding, it has to be said that the draft law, that will result in
shutting down the Austrian DPA, seems to be a consistent step further in a
history of non-ambitious data protection policy. While Austria's officials
are proud to be rated again number one in E-Government they should rather be
ashamed of being tail-light in data protection.
Austrian Data Protection Authority
Arge Daten
EDRI-gram: EC: data protection inadequate in Austria and Germany
Draft law - on the Austrian Parliament webpage
Bi-annual report of the Austrian DPA for the years 2005 - 2007
(contribution from Andreas Krish - EDRI-member VIBE! - Austria)
5. Italian Minister of Justice wants to close sarcastic blog
The Italian Police, following a complaint from Clemente Mastella, the
Minister of Justice, has asked for the closing down of blog
Mastellatiodio.blogspot.com (translation - I hate you Mastella) which has
been placing material on the Minister that he considers as defamatory. If
found so, the blog authors might face penal consequences.
The site, which was opened in California, but is hosted on an Italian
server, was considered by Mastella as neo-Nazi, as he said it during a TV
transmission. He also stated that the blog was trying to show him as the bad
character of the country and asked whether this was "good politics".
The authors of the blog have rejected these accusations considering that the
contents of the comments posted on the blog have nothing to do with
neo-Nazism or inciting to violence as the minister considers. "The title of
our blog is clearly of symbolic nature".
They believe that censoring their blog would be "a severe and scandalous
precedent for the democracy of this country. We are really curious to know
what laws of the Italian Republic we have violated".
They also think that as compared to other blogs, like anti-Bush or
anti-Blair blogs, their is a very innocent one. They appeal to their readers
to defend the blog and create banners against its closing down.
The latest comments posted on the blog are mostly favourable to it, people
showing their intention to support it and even place the information on
other blogs in case it is shut down. There are some different opinions but
it seems that the difference is not related to the effects that the action
of shutting down the blog would have on the freedom of expression but rather
to the different opinions that people have on the ministers' political
Apparently the Police has already addressed Google for the shutting down of
the anti-Mastella blog, but the blog is still available on the blogspot
Mastella: close down that blog (only in Italian, 4.10.2007)
Anti-Mastella blog close down asked (only in Italian, 3.10.2007)
Addio? (only in Italian, 3.10.2007)
6. UK fails to properly implement the EU data protection directive
The European Commission (EC) is concerned about the way the UK has
implemented the provisions for protecting personal data, according to
information revealed by out-law.com following freedom of information
An investigation has been initiated by the EC three years ago regarding
the way the UK legislation has implemented 11 articles of the 34-article
European data protection directive. This investigation has been kept secret
by the UK authorities, that have concluded through the Ministry of Justice
that UK "has implemented the Directive fully."
Dr. Chris Pounder of Pinsent Masons explained the wrong interpretation of
the authorities: "All UK Governments involved in implementing the Directive
have had a policy of minimising the Data Protection Directive's effect. The
number of problems raised by the Commission seem to indicate that the UK
Government may have misjudged the situation and minimised the effect of too
many obligations".
The situation could be more complicated after the implementation of the Data
retention directive through a new law that came into force on 1 October
2007. This UK law will oblige the electronic communications companies to
keep a one-year log of certain communication data such as: the number from
which a call is made, the customer's name and address, any number dialled,
the date and time of a call or the geographic location data for mobile
The UK data retention law will not apply to the content of communication or
to the Internet data, but the latter will probably be included by 15 March
2009 - the limit day in the European directive.
The information commissioner, Richard Thomas, will have the obligation,
under the new law to monitor the security of the data kept according to the
new data retention provisions. However, the lack of strong powers of the
information commissioner is one of the key concerns the European Commission
has addressed in its investigation on the UK data protection legislation.
Europe's concern over UK data protection 'defects' revealed (1.10.2007)
Europe claims UK botched one third of Data Protection Directive (17.09.2007)
Data retention law makes little difference to telcos, says trade body
EDRI-gram: Data retention for one year for UK telecom companies (1.08.2007)
7. German DP Commissioner against Google-Doubleclick deal
The Data Protection Commissioner of the German state of Shleswig-Holstein
Thilo Weichert publicly opposed the Google's acquisition of Doubleclick in a
letter to EU Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes.
Mr. Weichert declared that: "At present we have to assume that in the event
of a takeover of DoubleClick the databases of that company will be
integrated into those of Google, with the result that fundamental provisions
of the European Data Protection Directive will be violated."
The Commissioner is concerned that creating a user profile and a detailed
analysis of personal data will be much easier after the merge. "Such an
approach contradicts fundamental data privacy principles of the European
Union: limited specific use, transparency, the right to object, the
protection of sensitive data and the right to having data deleted." He added
that even before the merge, the companies could have used behavioural
targeting and therefore not meet their obligations under European law on
data protection regarding sensitive data or deleting data that is no longer
He concluded that "The merger of the two Internet companies would thus
lead to a massive violation of data privacy rights" in the European Union
and asked for a direct intervention in this case.
Mr. Weichert's open letter comes at the time when the European Commission
has already sent questionnaires to Google customers on the matter, even
before Google has actually filed to the European Union's top antitrust
regulator for the purchase. Also BEUC (the European Bureau of Consumers'
Unions) asked the EU support in checking the privacy aspects of this deal.
Meanwhile, Google is defending the deal in the US Senate where an
investigation has started regarding the creation of a possible online
advertising monopoly. Google's Chief Legal Officer David Drummond claimed
that: "Google's acquisition of DoubleClick will help advance these goals
while protecting consumer privacy and enabling greater innovation,
competition, and growth." Microsoft's General Counsel Brad Smith told
Senators that the deal "would put Google in control of 80% of the market for
both text and banner adverts on the Internet."
Google also presented in a written submission to the Senators its plans to
better protect the privacy of its consumers, following consultations with
consumer and industry groups. One of the suggestions would be to use a
"crumbled cookie", which would be "a way of storing personal information
separately without identifying it all as coming from one person or machine."
Data protection advocates protest against Google's DoubleClick deal
Google defends DoubleClick bid (28.09.2007)
Google proposes 'crumbled cookies' in privacy pledge (1.10.2007)
EDRI-gram: EU asks the customers' opinion on the DoubleClick - Google affair
8. UK: Decrypt data or go to prison!
The controversial Part 3 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act
(RIPA) in UK is in force starting with 1 October 2007. This new regulation
gives the power to police forces to ask for the disclosure of encryption
keys, or force suspects to decrypt encrypted data.
RIPA was adopted in 2000, but Part 3 was not in force until last year when
the UK government has started a public consultation on its enforcement.
Despite the negative comments received from the security experts and the
major concerns that the adoption of such a measure will push businesses
outside UK, the authorities decided to uphold their initial position and
to apply the law starting with 1 October 2007.
Section 49 of RIPA Part 3 foresees that people are obliged by law to provide
to the law enforcement authorities, when served with a notice either the key
to decrypt the materials or the materials as such. If they refused, a
five-year imprisonment penalty could be applied for cases involving
anti-terrorism efforts or a maximum two-year sentence for other cases.
The UK Government has pushed the application, considering that the
terrorist, paedophiles, and hardened criminal could use encryption to hide
their actions, but a criminal that refuses to decrypt its incriminating
data could, in this way, serve less time in jail. "The measures in Part III
are intended to ensure that the ability of public authorities to protect the
public and the effectiveness of their other statutory powers are not
undermined by the use of technologies to protect electronic information"
explained the Home Office.
The Home Office said that the process will be overseen by the Interception
of Communications Commissioner, the Intelligence Services Commissioner and
the Chief Surveillance Commissioner.
The law also foresees that someone that has received a notice based on
Section 49 can be prevented to disclose this information to anyone
else, except his attorney.
RIPA can be applied only on UK territory, thus to data hosted on UK
servers or stored on devices located within the UK.
UK can now demand data decryption on penalty of jail time (1.10.2007)
EDRI-gram : UK Government asks for the encryption keys (24.05.2006)
Law requiring disclosure of decryption keys in force (2.10.2007)
9. European Parliament resolution on a European digital library
The European Parliament (EP) adopted on 27 September 2007 a resolution
that endorses the 2005 European Commission's Communication i2010: Digital
Libraries supporting the digital libraries initiative that aims at making
European information resources easier and more interesting to use in an
online environment
The Commission's "2010 Digital Libraries Initiative" came from the heads of
states and governments of France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Spain in
April 2005 and covered digitised and born digital material.
The EP resolution, based on a report by French MEP Marie-Hilhne Descamps
entitled "i2010: towards a European digital library" emphasised the need for
more books to be put online and urged the Commission to speed up the process
of creating the European Digital Library.
The Parliamentarians viewed European Digital Library as the one-stop shop
for accessing literary and scientific works online and asked "all European
libraries to make available to the European Digital Library works that are
free of rights which they already hold in digital form".
The proposal acknowledged the fact that although the European cultural
heritage is largely made up of works in the public domain, it is not limited
to this category alone. It welcomes the establishment of the high-level
expert group and "supports its proposals to list all orphan and out-of-print
works and to develop mechanisms to facilitate the search for right holders."
According to the EP Resolution "the project symbolises Europe united in
diversity (and) contributes to the enhancement and strengthening of an
authentic European identity" and could be built upon other European projects
already existing (The European library, TEL-ME-MOR, Europeana).
European Parliament resolution of 27 September 2007 on i2010: towards a
European digital library (27.09.2007)
Parliamentarians call for more books to be put online (27.09.2007)
European culture at the click of your finger (21.09.2007)
EDRI-gram: Copyright clearing for EU digital libraries project (25.04.2007)
10. ENDitorial: Montreal Privacy Week: Terra Incognita or Deja Vu?
More than 600 persons from 50 countries gathered in Montreal to
participate to the 29th International Conference of Data Protection
and Privacy Commissioners, on 25-28 September 2007, making this year
venue attended by a record number of interested parties. The theme of
the conference, 'Privacy Horizons: Terra Incognita', certainly played
a role in this attraction. The audience has not been disappointed by
presentations and panels indeed exploring currently challenging
issues in the field of privacy and data protection, such as
nanotechnology, ubiquitous computing, the body as data..., not to
mention already well known, but continuously concerning issues like
globalization, public safety and the interpenetration between law an
The host of the Conference, Canadian Federal Privacy Commissioner
Jennifer Stoddart and her team invited US Department of Homeland
Security Secretary Michael Chertoff as keynote speaker of the opening
ceremony. The Big Neighbour representative's speech was not
disappointing either, or rather not surprising, as even those who haven't
listened may infer from his own blog report.
Far more worth attending were most of the other sessions and panels.
In particular, I went back home with confirmation and further food
for thought on three main ideas. First, the well renowned security
expert Bruce Schneier (BT Counterpane, USA) insisted on the fact that
the world has changed without us having changed accordingly the
framing of the debate, and that the dichotomy is not anymore between
privacy and security but rather between freedom and control. Second,
Law professor Joel Reidenberg (Fordham University School of Law, USA)
advocated the need for a 'design liability' when privacy and data
protection principles breaches are implemented by design in a given
architecture. Although Reidenberg generally advocates too much in
favour of so-called "co-regulation" and "codes of conducts" for my
taste, this 'design liability' concept should certainly be developed
and implemented, as a mean to work towards more privacy-friendly
services, tools and standards. Third, Canada Research Chair in
Ethics, Law & Technology holder Ian Kerr (University of Ottawa,
Canada) gave a very interesting panorama of the privacy issues with
ubiquitous computing, highlighting how the current hierarchy between
the personal (body data), the territorial (property and good data) and the
informational (basic biographical data) spheres, as considered e.g.
by the Canadian Supreme Court, may be questioned in the near future
with new services and technologies making these spheres merge.
"Here be dragons", then. The whole idea of the Terra Incognita/Dragon
for this conference came, as we learnt through Jennifer Stoddart
acknowledgements from Stephanie Perrin (Director of Integrity Policy,
Integrity and Risk Management, Service Canada), who chaired this year
edition of the Computers, Freedom and Privacy Conference, also held in
Montreal in May 2007.
It is then no surprise that Stephanie shared with the audience of the
Civil Society Privacy Workshop, held the day before and in liaison
with the DPA Conference, her impression of 'deja vu'! As a matter of
fact, this civil society event, under the global theme of 'Privacy
Rights in a World Under Surveillance' was the confirmation of Bruce
Schneier's intuition that the whole debate should be reframed
according to new world paradigm. If civil society groups do not seriously
work on this, they risk to go on meeting each year simply to
acknowledge that the situation is worse than the previous year!
Trying to open up civil society discussions on privacy to new actors,
from both other regions and cultures than simply north-western, anglo-
saxon countries and other backgrounds than privacy stricto sensu,
would certainly help.
This would at least help understand issues as framed during another
event I attended in Montreal this same week, which was the inaugural
conference of Data Protection Commissioners from La Francophonie,
where I was invited by the 'Commission d'acchs ` l'information du
Quibec (Quebec DPA, probably the only DPA authority also acting as
the access to information authority) to give a talk on 'Protecting
Personal Data in a Virtual World: French and European Perspectives'.
La Francophonie is a political space comprising 53 member 13 observer
States and governments from the 5 continents (many of which no one
would have thought they have any link with French language and
culture, but anyhow...). By attending this conference, one may
realize - if not already aware - how much the privacy and personal
data protection debate needs to find viable arguments to answer basic
problems of democracy: how to ensure transparent elections, how to
guarantee a working civil status registry, to name a few, in
countries where life is a daily struggle. This is not to say that
privacy, personal data protection, and other related issues are a
luxury, but to help realize that different arguments should be worked
out when privacy is not anymore opposed to security, but rather to
corruption, illiteracy, etc. At the end of this event attended by
representatives from 27 countries from La Francophonie, 14 of them
having a DPA, the new international association of DPA from La
Francophonie was created, with its bureau composed by Quebec DPA
(presidency), French DPA (general secretariat), Burkina Faso DPA and
Swiss DPA (vice-presidencies). The association will have its seat in
29th International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
Commissioners: 'Privacy Horizons: Terra Incognita'  (English and
French, 25-28.09.2007)
Michael Chertoff's blog on his speech in Montreal (28.09.2007)
Civil Society Privacy Workshop: 'Privacy Rights in a World Under
Surveillance' (25.09.2007)
Data Protection Commissioners' Francophonie conference: 'The
protection of personal data, an absolute necessity to democracy and
development' (in French only, 24.09.2007)
Meryem Marzouki's talk at DP Commissioner's Francophonie conference:
'Protecting Personal Data in a Virtual World: French and European
Perspectives' (French and English, 24.09.2007)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
11. Agenda
12-13 October 2007, Brussles, Belgium
Reinventing data protection
12 October 2007, Bielefeld, Germany
FoeBuD organises the 8th German Big Brother Awards and celebrates a
great gala. The winners will be chosen from more than 500 proposals.
12 October 2007, Bielefeld, Germany
DVD (Deutsche Vereinigung f|r Datenschutz e.V.) held their congress
"Datenschutztag 2007" to celebrate 30 years of German Data Protection Act
and also the 30 year jubilee of DVD e.V.
Registration at: tagung2007 at datenschutzverein.de
13-14 October 2007, Bielefeld, Germany
FIfF (Forum InformatikerInnen f|r Frieden und gesellschaftliche
Verantwortung e.V.) holds their 23rd annual congress also in Bielefeld.
This year's motto is "Datensammelwut" (data acquisitiveness)
Registration at: 2007 at fiff.de
25 October 2007, Vienna, Austria
quintessenz, VIBE!AT and LUGA organise the 8th Big Brother Awards.
The gala will take place at the Rabenhof Theatre.
27-28 October 2007, Sofia, Bulgaria
Openfest - 5th annual conference for FOSS and free knowledge share
29-30 October 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO - International Conference on IP and the Creative Industries
11 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
GigaNet'07 - Global Internet Governance Academic Network 2nd Annual
12-15 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Government of Brazil will host the second Internet Governance Forum
4-5 December 2007, Rome, Italy
First QualiPSo Conference - Fostering trust and quality of Open Source
Software systems
5-7 December 2007, Pisa, Italy
Second DELOS Conference on Digital Libraries
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanontechnology for security and the crime prevention III
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2007-10-24 21:13:10
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 5.20, 24 October 2007 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 5.20, 24 October 2007
1. Sign up EDRi Statement on CoE Recommendation - Campaign update
2. New Italian draft law - to disguise state censorship
3. Online Police searches adopted also in Austria
4. Some Internet and media companies push for principles on user content
5. Website with P2P download links found legal by Spanish court
6. Electronic voting machines eliminated in the Netherlands
7. Fingerprints in passports: the German population in a risky experiment
8. Update on DNA and biometrics in French immigration law
9. "Oscars for Data Leeches" - German Big Brother Awards 2007
10. COMMUNIA: public domain and alternative licensing for knowledge-sharing
11. Social welfare leaks show flaws in Irish government databases
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Sign up EDRi Statement on CoE Recommendation - Campaign update
31 international and national organisations from different countries have
already signed EDRI statement on a new Recommendation from the
Council of Europe (CoE) failing to uphold freedom of expression in
the online environment.
As other related instruments are currently in preparation by the CoE,
EDRI calls for NGOs and groups from all over the world to sign up in
support of EDRI statement and take further action to help avoid the
risk of more damages to freedom of expression and information in the
online world. Signatures should preferably be gathered before 28 October
2007, as the next meeting of the CoE expert group having prepared
this Recommendation is scheduled on 29-30 October 2007 in Strasbourg
and will be attended as an observer by EDRI representative.
In this statement, EDRI expresses its serious concerns over this
Recommendation that promotes opaque "self-regulation" and other soft
law instruments driven by private interests and implemented through
technical mechanisms. EDRI is deeply concerned that such instruments
will be used to legitimize subtle means of censorship, through
privatised censorship and measures to protect against so-called
harmful content.
As the OpenNet Initiative reports through its Internet filtering
study, and as numerous filtering cases reported in EDRI newsletter
have shown, technical mechanisms are used to remove local content or
block access to it when hosted on foreign websites to censor political and
social content found objectionable by some. Even when the content is
allegedly illegal, filtering is seldom, if at all, operated following a
legal order, leading to serious breaches of the rule of law.
In addition to freedom of expression, privacy and access to
information and knowledge are other fundamental rights at stake when
technical filtering mechanisms are promoted and used. Given the lack
of transparency of the filtering tools, no one knows what happens to
the personal data of persons tentatively accessing blocked content.
Finally, such filters are more and more used on content-sharing
platforms, while they are still showing many design failures,
including some leading to massive over-blocking of legal and
legitimate content.
EDRI considers thus this Recommendation to be damaging and a
retrograde step for freedom of expression and freedom of the press in
the online world, as well as for other fundamental rights and for the
rule of law principle.
First signatories, EDRI statement and background information in 7
OpenNet Initiative
Selection of filtering cases reports in EDRI-gram
2. New Italian draft law - to disguise state censorship
As it already happened six years ago with the infamous law 62/2001, a new
law draft on the "re-arrangement of publishing", prepared by the Italian
government on 3 August 2007 and now entering parliament procedure, clearly
intends to enforce bureaucratic and financial burdens, as well as sanctions,
also on the free and private expression of thought by "normal citizens"
using the internet.
The text prepared by the government is deliberately confusing and ambiguous.
If approved by parliament as it is, it would cause confusion and uncertainty
on the possibility of free expression even for people who are not
professional journalists or publishers of newspapers, magazines or
There is no explanation of why the government intends to treat as
"card-carrying journalists" also people who are not, and don't intend to
be and why the proposed text omits any clear statement that the
obligations to be instituted by this law (if it is approved) apply only
to professionals and entrepreneurs in the content producing industry.
If the concern is to sanction "defamation" the government's proposal is a
non-solution: the appropriate laws already exist, and anyone publishing
online can be easily identified. So this cannot be an excuse for
liberticide legislation.
The fact is that this legislator draft leads to the creation of one more
"Damocles sword" to be used against whoever publishes "uncomfortable"
opinions or information. Such a law, if approved, would not be obeyed by
many people, for a variety of reasons. Because they are not aware of it, or
they don't understand it. Because of deliberate and legitimate "civil
disobedience". Because of its obscure meaning and difficult interpretation.
Etc. The result would be the creation of an "artificial crime" to be
persecuted according to circumstances and opportunities - or to the whims
and biases of whoever will hold this power.
This is damaging also for business enterprises using the net, as well as
internet providers. This draft law inflicts a severe blow on hosting
services, as well as those based on communities and the free providing of
widely useful content. Therefore, in addition to contrasting the universal
right for free speech, it also hampers a business model that has
increasingly proven to be an extended social benefit.
What we demand: it should be clearly stated that the obligations - if they
are really necessary - apply only to publishers, press services and
generally only to information entrepreneurs, that work for profit and obtain
public subsidies, clearly excluding any publishing by private individuals
and non-profit organisations that are not "selling" anything.
After this statement was issued by ALCEI on 19 October, and following
widespread protest in Italy, the government has been making "reassuring
noises" about amending the draft. Of course this does not mean that the
problem is solved. It will be necessary to keep an eye on what happens
to this law - if and when it goes through parliamentary process - as
well as on any other government or legislative action that may have
similar effects.
ALCEI statement - Return of MinCulPop ? (19.10.2007)
Italian version
Law 62/2001 (only in Italian, 7.03.2001)
Draft law on the "re-arrangement of publishing" (only in Italian, 3.08.2007)
InterLex - N. 382 - special issue on the freedom of information (only in
Italian, 23.10.2007)
(contribution by EDRI-member - ALCEI -Italy)
3 . Online Police searches adopted also in Austria
Austrian authorities have announced that the police will start from 2008 to
use online searches as an investigation tool in order to keep up with the
use of new technologies for terrorist and serious crimes. Austria is joining
in this way Germany and Switzerland that are working in the same direction,
despite serious privacy concerns.
In an interview to the radio station V1, Austrian Minister of Internal
Affairs, G|nther Platte, and the Minister of Justice, Maria Berger,
announced this new measure that was proposed to be discussed in the
Government meeting. The two politicians explained that the measure will be
used only in connection with terrorist cases or other serious crimes, where
a punishment of at least 10 years imprisonment is foreseen.
The decision adopted by the Government meeting on 18 October 2007 still
waits for legal and technical clarifications on how the decision will be
applied and its implementation is not expected to start earlier than late
The online searches will need a judge's warrant and will be overseen by the
Ministry for Home Affairs' legal protection officer. Minister of Justice
Maria Berger said that online searches will only be carried out under
exceptional circumstances and that this measure was needed in order to keep
up with the terrorist's use of the Internet resources and as a response to
the growing number of electronic crimes worldwide.
According with the new decision the Austrian police will be able to bug the
hard disks of PCs by sending Trojan horses to them via the email, but
also planting the Trojan horses into the PCs of targeted users after
penetrating into their apartments.
As reported by EDRI-gram, online searches of computers by the secret
services have been a reality in Germany since 2005, following an order of
Interior Minister Otto Schily. The German Federal Supreme Court in Karlsruhe
ruled, on 5 February 2007, that, according to the German Code of Criminal
Procedure, online police snooping was illegal. Since then the German
authorities have shown a higher desire to push for a legal basis of the
online searches of personal computers in Germany.
Switzerland decided also in June 2007 to allow secret online searches from
federal police authority.
Coalition agrees on online searches (only in German, 17.10.2007)
Austria plans to start conducting secret online searches in 2008
Swiss government decides on secret online searches (only in German,
EDRI-gram: New calls for computer online searches by German authorities
EDRI-gram: Online police searches found illegal in Germany (14.02.2007)
4. Some Internet and media companies push for principles on user content
A set of principles desired to create an online environment for the
development of User Generated Content (UGC) services and the protection of
copyright owner rights has recently been set out by several media and
Internet companies such as CBS, Dailymotion, Fox Entertainment Group,
MySpace, NBC, Veoh Networks, Viacom, at the initiative of Walt Disney and
Microsoft. Other major companies such as Google or other rights owner (Sony,
TimeWarner, Paramount) did not sign the document.
UGC Services refer to services such as MySpace, Soapbox on MSN Video,
Dailymotion and Veoh.com, but exclude technologies such as browsers, email,
or search services.
The principles are a set of guidelines which has objectives such as the
"elimination of infringing content on UGC Services, the encouragement of
original and authorized user-generated audio and video content uploads, the
protection of the user privacy and the encouragement of a fair use of the
copyrighted content on UGC Services", but also seen by outsiders as an
attempt to bring DRM into the online video-sharing space.
Although the principles are meant to "foster innovation and encourage
creativity" they have in view the use of a state of the art filtering and
blocking technology that may eliminate infringing content from UGC services.
The regular removal of the unblocked infringing content and the links to
sites that are clearly or predominantly used for the dissemination of
infringing content are targeted as well. The companies should also
collaborate in creating procedures to deal with claims of blocking out of
error. The principles mention "fair use" four times in the document, but do
not refer to what the signatory organisations understand by this term.
One of the obligations set out by the principles is that of preserving for a
60-day period the connection information related to an Internet user having
posted infringing content online, information that the site is suppose to
provide to the rights owner, at request.
Another interesting commitment of all the members of the UGC agreement is
that, while observing the rules, they should not attack each other in case
some of the content is not properly filtered; this, in the context that two
of the members, NBC Universal and Veoh, have applying complaints one against
the other. Having signed the agreement might bring a leverage of the
The big absent from the signatories of this agreement was Google, which, on
15 October, unveiled its filtering technology for YouTube video-sharing site
that it owns now. Google representatives were part of the negations but have
decided not to sign the agreement for the time being. YouTube Engineering
Director Jeremy Doig stated: "(..) industry-wide technology mandates are
generally a bad idea. This industry is still young and we believe that
marketplace innovation can lead to creative solutions we can't even begin to
imagine today."
A reason for this reserve could be the law suit between Google and Viacom
over copyrighted content on YouTube. One other reason may be the fact that
Google's new filtering technology removes the infringing content immediately
from the site while the guidelines suggest "blocking infringing uploads
before they are made available to the public."
Internet and Media Industry Leaders Unveil Principles to Foster Online
Innovation While Protecting Copyrights - Press Release (18.10.2007)
Principles for User Generated Content Services
Disney, Microsoft Lead Copyright Pact (19.10.2007)
Studios unveil their copyright protection guidelines (18.10.2007)
Sharing videos: towards the end of the process? (only in French, 19.10.2007)
Microsoft, Viacom Posture On Content Sharing (19.10.2007)
5. Website with P2P download links found legal by Spanish court
The case against Sharemula.com, a website publishing P2P download links
through which users can acquire movies, music and software, has been
recently dismissed by a Spanish magistrate.
The case was opened in October 2006, when the Brigade of Technological
Investigations retained 15 people responsible with Sharemula.com, asking the
closing down of the site for alleged copyright infringement. At that time,
the Spanish media made a big fuss of the case, the 15 retained people having
been considered as belonging to a large international clandestine pirating
network. The case was considered a big success by Federacisn Antipiraterma
in Spain (Anti-pirating Federation).
A year later, a Madrid court decided that the site and its administrators
have not infringed any law as the links to P2P downloads have no commercial
purposes. Furthermore, the site included no illegal content but only links
to downloads. The defence of Sharemula was based on three previous similar
The defence attorneys consider they have found a Judge that rigorously
applied the law and dismissed the accusations that were based on sheer
ignorance. They believe the prosecution, including SGAE (General Society of
Authors and Editors), EGEDA (Audio-Visual Producers' Rights Management
Association) and large companies such as Microsoft, The Walt Disney Company
Iberia, Twentieth Century Fox Home etc. will appeal the decision but hope
that the appelate Court will back up the present decision.
Sharemula.com: the case against a linking web was decided dismissed (only in
Spanish, 17.10.2007)
Spanish court decides linking to P2P downloads is legal (19.10.2007)
A legal sentence casts doubts on the illegality of P2P downloads (only in
Spanish, 18.10.2007)
6. Electronic voting machines eliminated in the Netherlands
All Nedap/Groenendaal voting machines were decertified on 1 October 2007 by
District Court of Alkmaar in the Netherland, following the 'Voting with
confidence' advice issued on 27 September by Korthals Altes Committee
(created with the purpose to verify the validity of the systems), and the
announcement of the Secretary for the Interior that the 'Regulations for
approval of voting machines 1997' would be withdrawn.
The action is the result of an administrative law procedure started by 'We
do not trust voting computers' foundation in March 2007. The foundation had
issued a report in October 2006 that had examined the Nedap/Groenendaal ES3B
in operation in 8 out of the 9 poling stations in the Netherlands. The
report was showing that the systems were highly insecure, leaving room for
fraud at a large scale. The Korthals Altes Committee report came to confirm
the results of the foundation.
In their report, 'We do not trust voting computers' showed how the system
worked, what software they had created for it and gave details on how one
could get complete and undetected control of the election results if one had
access to the devices before the elections, even for a brief period. The
report also showed that radio emanations for the systems could be received
at a several meter distance giving the possibility to find out how people
The next elections in the Netherlands will use paper ballots and red pencil,
a method that provides transparency and that is now used in several
countries of Europe and in the US where a paper copy of each vote is
required. In Ireland, the use of the voting machines is stopped due to
serious questions regarding their security and the UK election council
intends stopping all electronic voting pilot projects that had been carried
on during the last years. In Germany doubts have arisen regarding their use
as well. In France, serious problems occurred during the pilot electronic
voting in spring election, the system having been considered a disaster. A
petition for the preservation of the paper voting was issued on that
In the future, the next phase in The Netherlands after paper poling could be
the use of 'vote printers' and separate counting machines.
Dutch voting computers decertified
Study by "We do not trust voting computers" foundation (6.10.2006)
EDRI-gram: E-voting in France - After the First Round of Presidential
Elections (25.04.2007)
EDRI-gram: European e-voting machines cracked by Dutch group (11.10.2006)
7. Fingerprints in passports: the German population in a risky experiment
On 1 November 2007, registration offices throughout Germany will begin
collecting fingerprints from all citizens wishing to travel. Two years
after the storage of a facial image on an RFID chip has been introduced,
the project of full biometric registration of the whole population
continues. Germany's Chaos Computer Club (CCC) points out once more that the
ePassport has risks and side-effects, which particularly affect senior
Many older people will have problems giving fingerprints. Experience as
well as international and German studies show that considerably more
than 10% of all senior citizens must expect to have no recordable
fingerprints. This will inevitably expose them to discrimination through
tightened inspections and longer delays. People working intensely with
their hands will face the same disadvantages.
The CCC advises that only a few days are left in which passports without
fingerprint registration can be applied for in German registration
offices. Even people whose passport is still valid can apply for a new
passport, thus evading the German authorities' data collection mania
until the Federal Constitutional Court rules on the compatibility of the
new measures with the German constitution.
Even according to the German government, there is no measurable gain in
security through biometric passports. This is proved by the written
answer to a parliamentary question. As CCC speaker Dirk Engling says, "the
introduction of this risky technology seems to be motivated mainly by the
commercial interests of a few current and former members of the government -
this should really be a case for the Corruptions Perceptions Index of
Transparency International".
The extent of the threat posed by biometric data on RFID chips is
illustrated by none other than Jvrg Ziercke, president of the Federal
Criminal Office. Despite all assurances by his "experts" that the
biometric data is "safe", he wears his own biometric passport in a
protective cover to shield it against radio waves. The Federal Foreign
Office has also shown its distrust of the security promises of the
Interior Ministry: German diplomats will receive passports without RFID
chips due to the "higher threat levels" they face.
Fingerprints in passports: the German population become guinea pigs in a
risky experiment (only in German, 16.10.2007)
German government confirms that biometric identification documents are
pointless (only in German, 20.06.2007)
(Contribution by EDRI-member Chaos Computer Club - Germany, translation by
Sebastian Lisken, FoeBuD e.V.)
8. Update on DNA and biometrics in French immigration law
With its final vote on 23 October 2007, the French Parliament
confirmed the introduction of DNA testing in the new immigration law to
prove family links for foreign candidates applying for a more than 3
months visa on family regrouping grounds. The only recourse could now
be a decision from the French Constitutional Council to remove this
provision from the law, since the Parliamentary opposition
(Socialists, Communists and Greens), together with some centrist
members of Parliament, announced that it would challenge the adopted
law before the Constitutional judge.
The final vote occurred after a Parliamentary Commission agreed on
the harmonisation of the draft texts resulting from both the National
Assembly and the Senate. With respect to DNA testing provision as
initially adopted by the National Assembly, some modifications
occurred in order to answer to some of the criticisms. Main changes are:
the DNA tests will be paid by the French government and not anymore
made at the expenses of the visa applicant; the biological family
links would be checked against the mother's DNA to avoid unexpected,
possibly dramatic revelations in the family; the need for the test
should be authorised by a civil court; informed consent from
concerned persons should be expressly collected; the whole provision
is now declared as experimental, and will be revised after the end of
year 2009.
However, these changes have by no mean satisfied the numerous
opponents of this provision, as their demand remains that DNA testing
should not be used to check family links, since such links cannot be
reduced to blood relation. More than 280 000 persons, including
personalities from all political parties, signed a petition, and
thousands of people participated in street demonstrations in many
French cities on 20 October against this provision.
Many observers commenting this provision, including in foreign
countries, referred to practices from the Nazi occupation period. An
editorial by the New-York Times even reminded that 'immigration
issues bring out the worst instincts in politicians', while
Republican presidential candidate Tom Tancredo has recently introduced a
similar bill in U.S. House, as press agencies have reported. French opinion
seem however divided: according to a poll made on 18-19 October 2007, only
45% of the 1000 asked persons find the provision to be "against French
society values", while 49% considers DNA testing "as a good measure since it
allows to check if family visa applicants are indeed members of the same
The French Constitutional Council will decide upon the challenged law
within one month after the challenge is filed, which is expected to
happen immediately after the vote of 23 October.
In addition to DNA testing, the draft law introduced further use of
biometrics against foreigners, without much debate. Article 62 of the
adopted law requires that the beneficiaries of financial support
(foreigners voluntarily returning home) have their photograph and
digital fingerprints taken and stored in yet another database. This
provision has been introduced with the claim that it would help
fighting frauds in case these persons come back to stay again in France.
In an analysis published on 24 October French EDRI member IRIS
highlights how this provision, in the same way as the DNA testing and
former biometric databases set-up, is part of the general strategy
and managerial logic based on the rationalization of processes and
procedures, leading to the fundamental transformation of a conception
of society once based on mutual trust into a situation of generalized
EDRI-gram: DNA Tests Proposed In France For Family Visa Applicants
Petition against DNA tests (only in French, launched on 03.10.2007)
Thousands of people have demonstrated against the immigration project and
DNA tests (only in French, 21.10.2007)
 at 2-3224,36-969450 at 51-959910,0.html
The New-York Times: 'Pseudoscientific Bigotry in France' (21.10.2007)
AP: 'DNA Test of Immigrants Sought' (16.10.2007)
49% of the French for a DNA test for family regroupment (only in French,
IRIS: 'Immigration: yet another biometric "detail"' (only in French,
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
9. "Oscars for Data Leeches" - German Big Brother Awards 2007
The 2007 Ceremony for the German Big Brother Awards called "Oscars for Data
Leeches" took place on 12 October in Bielefeld when the jury had the
difficult task of choosing from more than 500 nominations.
The negative Big Brother Awards Germany, which have started in 2000, are
organised by EDRI-member, FoeBuD Association.
For the category Workplace, the winner of this year award was Novartis
Pharma GmbH company for having spied on its employees. Although the company
has joined the "FairCompany Initiative", has committed itself to the
"Voluntary Self-control For The Pharmaceutical Industry" code of conduct and
boasts on its respect for fair work conditions and human rights, at the same
time it sends detectives to follow its sales people to take notes on their
visits to pharmacies and GPs. Following these "reports" the company sends
appraisals to the employees through its HR department.
Hamburg Municipal Education and Sports Authority won the award for the
Regional Category for having introduced a Central Register of Pupils for all
pupils and students, which is permanently compared with the Register of
Residents in order to find children and parents without a residence permit.
The Alien Registration Office has access to these files. Due to this
register, parents are taking their children out of school because they risk
to be found and therefore they may be deported. Thus, Hamburg acts against
the right of access to education which applies to all children with or
without a residence permit.
For the Business category, Deutsche Bahn AG (the German Railways PLC) was
declared winner. The company has introduced as many measures as possible to
identify its travellers, from personalised online ticket selling, to the
mandatory provision of photo and date of birth for discount passes, video
surveillance and up to a RFID chip for the all-inclusive one-year ticket
without its customers' knowledge and without any guarantees of personal
data protection.
The award for the Consumer Protection category went to Marriott, Hyatt and
Intercontinental hotel chains in Germany for keeping personal information on
their customers from their eating or drinking preferences, to their credit
card data, address, telephone number, hobbies, and even medical type
information. What is the most frightening thing is that the customers have
no idea all their personal information is stored in the hotel computers and
probably in the servers located in the US.
The Technology category was won by PTV Planung Transport Verkehr AG, for
their individual rating system of car insurances that uses the
"pay-as-you-drive" technology. A piece of equipment is used to record the
driving routes and behaviours and then to send the information to the
insurance company.
The award for Politics category was received by the Federal Minister of
Finance, for the introduction of a permanent Tax ID number for all taxable
persons, something like a personal code number which is unconstitutional in
Germany. The data is gathered by all the registration authorities in the
country and sent to the Federal Central Tax Authority which assigns the
unique Tax ID and sends the number back to the registration authorities. "It
would be incompatible with the constitutional value of human dignity if the
state were to assume the power of compulsive registration and cataloguing of
the individual with their complete personality" is the decision given in
1969 by the Federal Constitutional Court, the highest court in Germany.
The Federal Minister of Justice received the award in the Communication
category for a bill that goes against the Federal Constitutional Court
ruling of 1983 that states as constitutional the collection of
non-anonymised data for undetermined or not-yet-determined purposes. The
bill of the Ministry of Justice will introduce the retention of all
telecommunications connection data in Germany, in agreement of the European
directive 2006/24/EC according to which member states have to oblige
providers and public communication network operators to retain traffic data.
However this directive comes into conflict with the Federal Constitutional
Court ruling.
The Government and Administration category was won by Monika Harms,
Germany's Federal Prosecutor, for the anti-terror measures against opponents
of the G8 summit in May this year, for her decision to collect and preserve
body scent samples from G8 opponents and especially for the postal
surveillance in Hamburg in search of letters from militant G8 opponents
which was a clear violation of the privacy of correspondence and of the
professional confidentiality, as stipulated by the German Constitution.
Besides the individual awards on categories, the Jury of the Big Brother
Awards also established the most worrying trend at the moment in Germany
which is that of the increase in registration of biometric data, by both
public and private institutions.
An audience award was attributed for the second time at the German Big
Brother Awards and the winner designated by the audience was Monika Harms
for the anti-terror measures against opponents of the G8 summit.
German Big Brother Awards 2007 (12.10.2007)
10. COMMUNIA: public domain and alternative licensing for knowledge-sharing
Today's digital networks offer extraordinary new opportunities for
sharing and building upon our global, public pool of knowledge.
Shedding light on the scientific, educational, economical, ethical and
political importance of the digital public domain has, therefore,
become crucial for the future of our knowledge-based societies.
This is the rationale behind a freshly launched project: COMMUNIA, the
European Thematic Network on the Public Domain in the Digital Age.
Funded by the European Commission under the eContent+ programme and
coordinated by the Politecnico di Torino's  NEXA Research Center for
Internet and Society, the three-year long project held its kick-off
meeting in Turin, Italy, on 28 September 2007.
The project has been proposed by a network of 36 members from 21
countries who are dedicated to developing theoretical analysis and
strategic policy discussion of existing and emerging issues to the
public domain in the digital environment, as well as related topics
including, but not limited to, alternative forms of licensing for
creative material (including the Creative Commons licenses), open
access to scientific publications and research results, and management
of works with unknown authors (i.e. orphan works).
COMMUNIA is organizing a productive schedule of thematic workshops and
conferences to be held in several European venues, with the goal of
maintaining a strong link between participants. The network aims at
producing both analytical and practical results, including the
production of a book and an academic journal, a "best practices" guide
for European research and reference centres and a final strategic
report containing specific policy guidelines.
The overall goal is to create an open, wide, and active partnership
aimed at improving knowledge access and to help all the stakeholders -
public and private, from the local to the European level - tackling
the issues that the existence of a digital public domain have raised
and will undoubtedly continue to raise.
For more information, please visit the project website; questions,
comments, requests for information and/or clarification should be sent
to the Coordinator of COMMUNIA, Prof. Juan Carlos De Martin
, or to COMMUNIA project manager, Andrea Glorioso
European Commission page on COMMUNIA
COMMUNIA project website
NEXA Research Center for Internet and Society
(contribution by Bernardo Parrella, COMMUNIA dissemination manager)
11. Social welfare leaks show flaws in Irish government databases
Two recent stories have confirmed that security measures in Irish government
databases are inadequate.
In the first case an official in the Department of Family and Social Affairs
was found by police to have leaked personal and financial information to his
brother, a serious criminal, which was then used to target victims for
burglary and blackmail. The second case involved another official in the
same department who examined files on Irish celebrities and systematically
leaked that information to the media.
Both cases appear to reveal a culture in that Department where it is "common
practice" among department employees to be "checking people casually". They
follow another recent scandal where officials in the same department were
found to be selling information to the insurance industry.
Civil servant mole leaked intelligence to criminal (16.10.2007)
Official gave private details to media in new leak shock (16.10.2007)
Welfare Records Leaked to Insurers (16.07.2007)
EDRI-gram: Irish insurance industry gets personal data from Police
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre, EDRI-member Digital Rights Ireland)
12. Recommended Reading
Everyone's Guide to By-Passing Internet Censorship for Citizens Worldwide
The guide has been published by Citizen Lab, a project at the University of
Toronto's Munk Centre for International Studies. Citizen Lab director Ronald
Deibert, who spoke about Internet censorship at IFEX's general meeting in
Uruguay, is also a co-founder of the OpenNet Initiative. The guide, intended
for non-technical users, provides tips and strategies on avoiding Internet
content filters. It is published in English, but translations are planned.
Privacy and Human Rights 2006 Report
This annual report by EPIC and Privacy International provides an overview of
key privacy topics and reviews the state of privacy in over 75 countries
around the world. The report outlines legal protections, new challenges, and
important issues and events relating to privacy.
The Privacy and Human Rights 2006 report documents the continued expansion
of government surveillance authority. Several countries have pursued new
data retention schemes, expanded biometric identification requirements, and
intensified international data transfers.
French report on e-voting
The legal studies service of the French Senate published in September
2007 a report on e-voting. It is a study  which concerns the following
countries: Germany, England and Wales, Belgium, Spain, Ireland, Italy, The
Netherlands, Portugal, Switzerland.
Abstract (only in French)
Report (only in French)
13. Agenda
25 October 2007, Vienna, Austria
quintessenz, VIBE!AT and LUGA organise the 8th Big Brother Awards.
The gala will take place at the Rabenhof Theatre.
27-28 October 2007, Sofia, Bulgaria
Openfest - 5th annual conference for FOSS and free knowledge share
29-30 October 2007, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO - International Conference on IP and the Creative Industries
6 November 2007, everywhere, Germany
Protests against data retention legislation
9 November 2007, St. Gallen, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
11 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
GigaNet'07 - Global Internet Governance Academic Network 2nd Annual
12-15 November 2007, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Government of Brazil will host the second Internet Governance Forum
16-18 November 2007, Munich, Germany
20 years of grassroot networks - 20 years /Cl-Network in Germany
Congress on Networking of alternative media, privacy, environment,
anti-nuclear, antifascism, peace and human rights
4-5 December 2007, Rome, Italy
First QualiPSo Conference - Fostering trust and quality of Open Source
Software systems
5-7 December 2007, Pisa, Italy
Second DELOS Conference on Digital Libraries
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanotechnology for security and the crime prevention III
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-04-23 20:31:55
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.8, 23 April 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.8, 23 April 2008
1. EDPS endorses data breach notification provision in ePrivacy Directive
2. More Internet content blacklisted in Europe
3. Russian Government wants to control all WiFi devices
4. Eurobarometers on data protection in EU
5. Setback for IFPI in its case against PirateBay
6. Changes in the German copyright law
7. France considering new rules for web 2.0
8. ENDitorial: Will France introduce the digital guillotine in Europe?
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. EDPS endorses data breach notification provision in ePrivacy Directive
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) has issued his opinion on the
new draft text of the Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications
(ePrivacy Directive) as proposed by the European Commission.
One of the important changes supported by the EDPS with the new text is the
creation of a mandatory security breach notification system. The system
should require the Telecoms and ISPs to notify their customers when personal
information has been lost. But Peter Hustinx wants to go further and asked
for the system to apply not only to "providers of public electronic
communication services in public networks but also to other actors,
especially to providers of information society services which process
sensitive personal data (e.g. online banks and insurers, on-line providers
on health services, etc.)."
EDPS has explained in his opinion that such a notification has clear
benefits: "it reinforces the accountability of organisations, is a factor
that drives companies to implement stringent security measures and it
permits the identification of the most reliable technologies towards
protecting information." and openly supported the concept, despite some
private sector opposition. "Indeed, the simple fact of having to publicly
notify security breaches causes organisations to implement stronger security
standards that protect personal information and prevent breaches."
Another important change backed by EDPS in the ePrivacy Directive is the
possibility given to legal persons to take action against those who infringe
spam provisions. Thus the ISPs, as well as consumer associations and trade
unions representing the interest of spammed consumers, may take legal action
on their behalf before courts. EDPS wanted to go further by proposing "class
actions, empowering groups of citizens to jointly use litigation in matters
concerning protection of personal data. In the case of spam, where a large
number of individuals are receiving spam, the potential exists for classes
of individuals to join together and launch class actions against spammers."
EDPS also asked to extend the possibility for the legal persons to ask for
damages for any infringement to any provision of the ePrivacy Directive.
Peter Hustinx considered that the Directive should therefore broaden its
scope of application to include providers of electronic communication
services also in mixed (private/public) and private networks and welcomed
the clarification regarding the inclusion of a number of RFID applications
in the scope of application of the Directive.
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal for a
Directive amending, among  others, Directive 2002/58/EC (Directive on
privacy and electronic communications) (10.04.2008)
EDPS Opinion on ePrivacy Directive review: overall positive, but further
improvements should be considered (14.04.2008)
EU privacy chief wants data breach law for business (17.04.2008)
2. More Internet content blacklisted in Europe
The European Ministers of Justice and Internal Affairs have agreed to make
publishing bomb-making instructions on the Internet a crime. The French
authorities are discussing making the publication on the Internet of any
alleged pro-anorexia information a crime.
Justice and interior ministers from the EU member states backed a proposal
from Commissioner Frattini to harmonise the normative acts that will make
the "public provocation to commit a terrorist offence, recruitment, and
training for terrorism" a crime. According to the statements of the EU
officials publishing these acts on the Internet completed the European
legislation in this domain. They described the Internet as "a virtual
training camp for militants, used to inspire and mobilise local groups."
Gilles de Kerchove, the EU anti-terrorism co-ordinator, declared that there
are approx. 5 000 websites that are used to radicalise young people.
The plans triggered some criticism from free speech supporters that
considered the move could be misused by authorities. Recent news, cited by
UK Liberal Democrat MEP Sarah Ludford reports that: "UK police threatened
anti-China protestors at the display of the Olympic Torch with arrest under
anti-terror laws." Dick Marty, Chairman of the PACE Sub-Committee on Crime
Problems and Fight against Terrorism, questioned the Commission's proposal
incorporating the Council of Europe's Convention on terrorism which would
"establish the criminal offences of public provocation to commit a terrorist
offence, recruitment for terrorism and training for terrorism. However, it
omits to include the convention's Article 12 safeguard clause in the
operative text of the framework decision. Mentioning fundamental human
rights only in the preamble or in a recital is not enough. The message,
outside as well as inside Europe, must be clear: anti-terrorist measures
must be conditional on respect for fundamental human rights."
Ben Hayes also explained in an article for Statewatch the potential problems
of the measure: "While the recurring publication of the 'Danish cartoons' of
the Prophet Mohammed continues to provoke anger in the Muslim world and a
defence of 'free speech' in the West, a proposed EU law on 'public
provocation' to terrorism could criminalise widely held political views -
but it has barely raised a murmur."
Another type of content is now on some French politicians' agenda as public
enemy number one: pro-anorexia websites. A draft law that makes
any kind of propaganda for products, objects or methods used for an
"excessive thinness" a crime was adopted by the National Assembly on 15
April 2008 and now it will pass to the Senate for consideration. The draft
law supported by the deputy Valirie Boyer foresees penalties with 2 years
imprisonment and 30 000 Euro as fines for publishing such information
online. The report drafted by the deputy accused the pro-anorexic websites
and the big number of blogs written by young people that are supporters for
this method of life, as being too easy to be accessed by the French youth.
EU tightens anti-terrorism laws (18.04.2008)
"White man's burden": criminalising free speech (04.2008)
Statement by Dick Marty, addressing the Committee on Civil Liberties,
Justice and Home Affairs of the European Parliament in Brussels (7.04.2008)
Pro-anorexia websites on the point to be declared illegal (only in French,
3. Russian Government wants to control all WiFi devices
On 14 April 2008, Fontanka.ru online newspaper reported that
Rossvyazokhrankultura, the Russian Mass Media, Communications and Cultural
Protection Service, intends to ask for the mandatory registration of all
WiFi devices, including personal home networks, notebook computers, mobile
telephones and PDAs.
Vladimir Karpov, the deputy director of the agency's communications
monitoring division, told the newspaper that wireless Internet users will
have to register any electronics using WiFi technology. The registration
could take as long as ten days for standard devices like PDAs and laptops
and the noncompliance may bring forth the confiscation of the respective
equipment. Users wanting to operate a wireless access point or a
WiFi-enabled home router must obtain a license which might need, in certain
areas, a special approval from the Federal Security Service.
While in most countries there is free and open access to WiFi networking
with certain limitations on the maximum signal strength of the
transmissions, the Russian agency's opinion might reverse previous decisions
of the Russian government. In 2004, the State panel for Radio Frequencies
gave open rights to a narrow band of spectrum for indoor wireless networks
and in July 2007, mobile wireless devices were excluded from the list of
electronics requiring registration.
Rossvyazokhrankultura, the author of this bureaucratic, unprofessional and
extremely unrealistic policy, was created in 2007 by the merger of the
Russian media and telecommunications regulatory bodies. "Similar conclusions
speak to the complete professional deterioration of a unified regulatory
agency. It is now engaged in all manner of fields - protecting cultural
riches, registering mass-media outlets, control of legal compliance on
personal data, monitoring communications, allocation of radio frequencies
and so on. The organization is led by a metallurgic engineer by background.
It is unlikely that he can simultaneously manage communications personnel,
fine art experts, journalists and attorneys" stated an anonymous industry
Russian Agency Demands Registration for all Wi-Fi Devices (15.04.2008)
Wifi ? Niet! (15.04.2008)
How to kill wireless, Russian style (16.04.2008)
Russian government enacts Byzantine WiFi regulations (16.04.2008)
4. Eurobarometers on data protection in EU
According to a couple of Eurobarometer surveys on data protection, issued by
the European Commission on 17 April 2008, EU citizens have little faith in
the security of data transmission on the Internet.
Two surveys were conducted by Gallup in January 2008, investigating the
perceptions on data protection among EU citizens and data controllers
respectively. The surveys involved about 27000 EU citizens and 5000
companies from all 27 member states.
The findings of the surveys show that 82% of European Internet users have
little trust in personal data management on the Internet and 64% of EU
citizens are concerned about data protection issues feeling that the
awareness and information on these topics are not satisfactory enough. The
lack of information appeared to be a major problem. Especially the national
data protection authorities were rather unknown to most of the EU citizens.
Only 28% of respondents said they knew about such institutions existing in
their country.
Less than half of the respondents think data is properly protected in their
own countries and more than half of them considering the legislation cannot
cope with the increasing amount of exchanged personal information.
The surveys also reveal an increase in the awareness of the risks related to
potential abuses of private data, proportional to the increased use of
privacy protecting tools and technologies. Privacy-enhancing technologies
(PETs) that include automatic anonymisation after a certain lapse of time,
encryption tools and cookie-cutters, are better known by companies, more
than half of them using now such tools. The studies revealed that, although
increasing, the level of awareness it still relatively low among EU
citizens. More than two thirds of Internet users in some country (such as
Ireland or France) say they have never heard of PETs.
One of the topics covered by the studies was data monitoring. Citizens, as
well as data controllers, agree on the monitoring of passenger flight
details (82%), telephone calls (72%), Internet (75%) and credit card usage
(69%) to combat terrorism but only within well-defined limits. About a third
of the respondents believe only suspects should be monitored while about 20%
wanted even stricter safeguards.
Commenting on the results of the surveys, Commission Vice-President Jacques
Barrot, temporarily in charge of justice and home affairs, said: "It is our
intention to fully analyse and understand the feedback we have been given by
Europe's citizens in this survey and we will ensure these comments inform
the work we are doing in this area this year. I am convinced that this
survey will also be a salutary lesson for all stakeholders involved in
handling personal data and maintaining data protection".
EU Press Release - Eurobarometer survey measures perceptions amongst
European data controllers (17.04.2008)
Eurobarometer survey reveals that EU citizens are not yet fully aware of
their rights on data protection (17.04.2008)
Data Protection in the European Union - Citizens' Perceptions - Analytical
Data Protection in the European Union - Data Controllers' Perceptions -
Analytical Report
Online privacy a concern for EU citizens (18.04.2008)
5. Setback for IFPI in its case against PirateBay
After the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) sued
the PirateBay at the end of March 2008 demanding 1.6 million euro in
damages as compensation for 24 albums, new elements have occurred forcing
IFPI to limit its demands.
The Stockholm District Court indicted the four PirateBay founders
(Svartholm Warg, Fredrik Neij, Peter Sunde, and Carl Lundstrvm) for breaking
copyright law. The fine to be paid by PirateBay was established according
to the number of times the 24 albums were downloaded. Moreover, the
companies demanded general compensation as no permission was given by the
copyright owners for the downloading. "The damages now being demanded are
based on the albums which the prosecutor has included in his indictment. The
injury to the record companies, the artists, and the copyright holders
caused by The PirateBay's illegal activity is many times greater," said
Lars Gustafsson, head of the Swedish chapter of IFPI.
"Their numbers are pure fantasy" said Svartholm Warg who claimed the figures
were based on multiplying the retail price for the album by the number of
times it was downloaded.
Now IFPI has had to apologize to Max Peezay (whose given name is Tom Piha),
a Swedish rap artist, for having included his album Discokommittin among the
albums selected at random for the indictment against The PirateBay, without
his permission. IFPI assumed that the rights to the album were owned by
music distributor Bonnier Amigo, and therefore has not asked Piha if he
wanted to be a party in the suit, while actually Piha owns the rights
himself. The artist explained that his main revenues came from concerts
rather than album sales and that free downloading was compensated by the
fact that he got more fans from people discovering his music on the
As a result, IFPI reduced the level of compensation to be paid by PirateBay
by 12 000 euro. However, Piha had to suffer from the process finding himself
in the middle of this battle, being questioned by his fans and fellow
artists. "I wish I hadn't landed in this situation. I can see now how easy
it is to become a pawn in this game," said the artist who disagrees with
IFPI's approach.
The trial date has not yet been set and in the meantime more artists might
come forth in the support of PirateBay.
Another new element in this picture is the news that a Swedish policeman who
helped in the investigation against The PirateBay is now working for
Warners Brothers, a plaintiff in the pending court case. As reported by
newspaper Sydsvenskan, the police officer got his job several months after
the completion of the preliminary investigation and is now scheduled to
appear as a witness in the trial.
"The question is how long this was under consideration. If it was under
consideration at the time of the investigation then it is a scandal," said
Peter Althin, a lawyer defending the PirateBay founders who also added that
if it was found that the discussion between the police officer and Warner
Brothers started before the end of the investigation, which took a year and
a half, it was possible that the prosecution would have to forget about its
findings and start again.
Max Peezay is a-Ok! (16.04.2008)
Pirate Bay-probing cop on Warner Brothers payroll (18.04.2008)
'Judicial scandal' in Pirate Bay case (18.04.2008)
IFPI demands $2.5m in damages from The Pirate Bay(1.04.2008)
Music industry dealt Pirate Bay blow (16.04.2008)
Record companies sue Pirate Bay four (31.03.2008)
6. Changes in the German copyright law
The extension of the copyright law aimed at fighting illegal file-sharing
adopted on 11 April 2008 by the German Government creates concerns on how
the p2p-related lawsuits will be considered under the new law.
The new text forces the ISPs to reveal the names and IP addresses of the
file sharers. However, some lawyers warn that the procedure is limited by
conditions that could turn against the music industry in court procedings .
The present procedure is as follows: industry detectives report the IP
numbers of file sharers to the German police who traces the suspects and
prosecutes those who offer more than 1000 tracks.
However, the industry can demand the police files of all file sharers and
has already sued 16 000 of them for civil damages.
With the new law, the music industry fears it will no longer have access to
this police data and moreover, a prosecuted file-sharer will only have to
pay 100 euros instead of 1 000 or more as until now. The old bounties were
considered as unfair and irresponsible.
Other elements may be unfavourable to the record industry. The limitation to
"commercial-scale" file sharers in the new law prevents the industry from
catching the small illegal file sharers it has been tracking down lately.
The law also makes it more expensive for the industry which has now to
support the costs of the legal cases.
It is too early yet to decide whether the new law is really good news for
file sharers as there is no clear definition of the term "commercial level"
for which the 100 euro fine has to be paid in case of law infringement. At
this point, the privacy advocates as well as rights holders believe that the
interpretation of the law will be in the hands of the court.
Music industry slams new German law on file-sharing (13.04.2008)
New German copyright makes P2P lawsuits cheaper, more confusing (16.04.2008)
EDRi-gram: File-sharers' identification refused by German prosecutors
7. France considering new rules for web 2.0
A French Parliamentary report suggests a change in the law (LCEN) that
implements the European Directive on e-commerce in order to make clearer the
distinction between editing and hosting activities in the new applications
related to Web 2.0.
The report of the Deputy Jean Dionis du Sijour on the application of the
LCEN was updated on 16 April 2008, after the first version was submitted to
the Parliament on 23 January. The update concerns some of the latest court
decisions in France that established the responsibility of some websites for
others' RSS feeds or for user-generated content. The report specifies that
the law has created a hosting status that is different from that of an
editor and that "this distinction must not be emptied by the court
The report also claims that the law needs to be changed in order to comply
with the new applications available, such as hosting collaboratives websites
or online auctions. This could be helpful in order to avoid the situation
already presented in EDRi-gram, when Paris Tribunal condemned 3 different
French websites for linking to another website containing gossip information
on a French actor.
But the report also suggests increasing the obligations on the hosting
companies, especially by making public the methods used to fight illegal
activities, that would prove their good will. This provision could be
enforced by an independent authority, like the French Data Protection
Authority (CNIL).
But the French Government does not seem to share this opinion. The new State
Secretary in charge with information society, Eric Besson, made clear in
the first public appearance that he didn't think that the law needed to be
changed. "I will not be the Minister of Internet castration" he declared in
a public meeting to Dailymotion, one of the biggest video-sharing French
Since Mr. Besson has an objective to present to the French Government by 31
July 2008 the new plan on information society, he may discuss also the
problems of the new type of applications on the Internet.
Do we need a law to regulate web 2.0 ? (only in French, 16.04.2008)
Information report on the application of the LCEN (only in French,
Eric Besson ready to re-discuss the hosters status (only in French,
EDRi-gram: France: Linking can be damaging to your pockets (9.04.2008)
8. ENDitorial: Will France Introduce the Digital Guillotine in Europe?
Ever since DADVSI, the French implementation of the European Copyright
Directive, Internet users in France have faced increasingly
disproportionate threats of punishment for claims of copyright
infringement. The latest scheme promoted by the content industry against
unauthorized sharing of music and films on Internet is called "flexible
response" or "three strikes, you're dead".
The principle is simple: repeated infringements result in getting cut
off from the Internet. A claimed copyright infringer is identified by
automated Internet traffic filtering and by a rightsholders'
denunciation. After a complaint to the ISP, a letter is sent warning the
alleged infringer that he might be being cut off from the Internet. In the
early versions of this scheme the punishing fines were to be sent out
automatically, but the fines were later replaced by the proposal to cut off
Internet access instead.
The proposal further includes the creation of an administrative authority
responsible for enforcement, making sure the disconnected Internet users are
not able to use the Internet again for a set period of time. The scheme is
unclear as to the possibility to appeal a mistaken claim or to whether a
punished Internet user can also be sued in a civil law suit. State
authorised software for securing Internet connections has been proposed as
one solution to uphold legal protection of innocent citizens.
Promoted by the French President Sarkozy, flexible response has become
known as the suggested main measure in the Olivennes report, which until
recently was generally thought to provide the basis for both French and
European legislation to come. But not so any more; a majority vote in the
European Parliament on the 10 April 2008 suggests otherwise.
In contrast to the French solution, the Swedish government has rejected
such a regime as disproportionate. The Swedish Ministers of Justice and
Culture concluded in March 2008 that ostracism from the Internet as
punishment in a society whose daily activities are increasingly
intertwined with the digitally networked environment is not proportional
to the infringement of copyright, especially without intention for
commercial gain. Its only justification, that of deterrence, has been
shown repeatedly to be ineffective. The Swedish Government has also
pointed out that large owners of media content should "not use the
copyright laws to defend old business models" but should do more to
provide attractive alternatives to unlicensed filesharing services.
In an effort to bring the Swedish Government's policy decision to the
European discussion, and to oppose Sarkozy's plans, MEP Christofer
Fjellner (EPP) initiated a cross partisan platform together with former
French Prime Minister MEP Michel Rocard (PSE) and MEP Guy Bono (PSE),
Rapporteur for the European Parliament's Report on Creative Industries.
Together they signed, with more than 90 MEPs supporting them, an
amendment to the report which effectively rejects flexible response:
"Calls on the Commission and the Member States to recognise that the
Internet is a vast platform for cultural expression, access to
knowledge, and democratic participation in European creativity,
bringing generations together through the information society; calls
on the Commission and the Member States, therefore, to avoid adopting
measures conflicting with civil liberties and human rights and with the
principles of proportionality, effectiveness and dissuasiveness, such as the
interruption of Internet access."
Following the tabling, the internal debate over the amendment intensified
and was complicated when the liberal group (ALDE) unexpectedly asked to
split the amendment into two parts and vote on them separately, presumably
to save flexible response. The first part related the Internet and the
importance of rights and proportionality had overwhelming support, while the
second part explicitly mentioning "interruption of Internet access" was
harder to support for many French MEPs who would not go against the explicit
will of their own government. However, with a close vote on the second part,
the amendment ended up being passed in its entirety.
In the aftermath of the European Parliament's decision, the French
Minister of Culture, Ms. Christine Albanel, has clearly announced her
intention to move on with the Olivennes proposal. She is currently
planning to put it to vote in the French Parliament before the summer.
Accordingly, to this date, there are no indications that Sarkozy's decision
to use the French Presidency to propagate this scheme at the European level
has been revised.
In Brussels it is also unclear whether the initiative by MEPs Fjellner,
Rocard and Bono will have an impact. Neither of them is listed as a
speaker or moderator at the next High Level Conference on Counterfeiting
and Piracy on the 13 May 2008, while MEPs who voted in favour of flexible
response are. It is a matter of public interest to ensure that there is a
balanced debate and that seats are reserved for politicians representing
the European Parliament's position on what otherwise risk to be a very
controversial conference.
In media and the political blogosphere the impact of the vote is increasing.
Of particular interest is the correlation between the Member States with a
well developed Internet infrastructure and the way their MEPs voted: the
digitally advanced Nordic countries have all clearly rejected the French
digital guillotine.
Amendment 1 by Christofer Fjellner and amendment 2 by Michel Rocard and
Guy Bono and others. Report Cultural industries in Europe. Rapporteur
Guy Bono (2.04.2008)
High Level Conference on Counterfeiting (13.05.2008)
Press review
European Parliament Says No to Internet Ban (10.04.2008)
Digital economy : head or tail ? (20.04.2008)
Vote results Bono report
(Contribution by Jirimie Zimmermann - La Quadrature du Net and Erik
Josefsson - EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Foundation)
9. Recommended Reading
More than 250 million Europeans regularly use Internet, says Commission's
ICT Progress Report
More than half of Europeans are now regular Internet users, 80% of them have
broadband connections and 60% of public services in the EU are fully
available online. Two thirds of schools and half of doctors make use of fast
Internet connections, thanks to strong broadband growth in Europe. These are
the findings of a Commission report on the results achieved so far with
i2010, the EU's digital-led strategy for growth and jobs.
10. Agenda
28-29 April 2008, Vienna, Austria
PRISE Final Conference -Towards privacy enhancing security technologies -
the next steps
9-10 May 2008, Florence, Italy
Digital communities and data retention
10 May 2008, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Awards Italy 2008
12 May 2008, Bled, Slovenia
Workshop on ethics and e-Inclusion
15-17 May 2008, Ljubljana, Slovenia
EURAM Conference 2008 - Track "Creating Value Through Digital Commons"
How collective management of IPRs, open innovation models, and digital
communities shape the industrial dynamics in the XXI century.
20-23 May 2008, New Haven, CT, USA
18th Annual Computers, Freedom, and Privacy conference
30-31 May 2008, Bucharest, Romania
eLiberatica 2008 - The benefits of Open and Free Technologies
6-7 June 2008, Bremen, Germany
IdentityCamp - a barcamp around identity 2.0 and privacy 2.0
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23 June 2008, Paris, France
GigaNet is organizing an international academic workshop on "Global Internet
Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction"
26-27 June 2008, London, UK
International Conference on Digital Evidence
30 June - 1 July 2008, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
First COMMUNIA Conference - Assessment of economic and social impact of
digital public domain throughout Europe
7-9 July 2008, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business 21st Annual International Conference
7-8 July 2008, London, UK
Developing New Models Of Content Delivery Online & Innovative Strategies For
Effectively Tackling Copyright Infringement
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
The deadline for articles submission is 10 May 2008
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-08-27 23:01:55
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.16, 27 August 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.16, 27 August 2008
1. Italian justice wants to "seize" a foreign website
2. Cloning e-passports
3. Problems with online FoI in the Georgia-Russia conflict
4. Copyright experts against the EU extension of the copyright term
5. Call for worldwide protests against surveillance
6. UK government goes on with its plan for data retention
7. Seminar on the Telecoms Package and Network Filtering
8. Dispute between UK government and EU over the use of PNR
9. Secret reports on new five year plan for "European Home Affairs"
10. ENDitorial: Wiretapping - the Swedish way
11. Recommended Action
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Italian justice wants to "seize" a foreign website
In an investigation started by the Bergamo Prosecutors, an Order of the
Justice for preliminary investigation of the Court of Bergamo was issued on
1 August 2008, asking for the "seizure" of the PirateBay website, hosted
outside Italy, for displaying a collection of links to allegedly illegal
duplicated material. The order was implemented by 10 August 2008 by forcing
Italian Internet providers to block the access to that site, both to its
domain, as well as to its associated IP number.
The PirateBay owners quickly reacted and changed their IP address and set up
a new website called labaia.org (La Baia means The Bay in Italian). They
have also promoted measures to bypass the "blacklisting": "We have already
changed IP for the website - that makes it work for half the ISPs again. And
we want you all to inform your Italian friends to switch their DNS to
OpenDNS so they can bypass their ISPs filters. This will also let them
bypass the other filters installed by Italian ISPs, as a bonus."
But the case is worse, as revealed by the EDRi-member ALCEI. The
interpretation of the concept of "seizure", in an extremely extended and
seriously questionable manner, triggers a serious threat for the rights
of citizens and companies that are not, in any way, involved in this
ALCEI explains in a letter sent to the Italian Data Protection Authority
(Garante per la protezione dei dati personali) that the "enforcement of
the Court order, exceeded what the Justice said. Users attempting to connect
to the "seized" site are redirected to the IP number 217.144.82.26,
belonging to servers located in the United Kingdom and apparently registered
by the pro-music.org domain, a music industry association protecting their
brands and intellectual property rights. If the above is true, then a
private association, outside the Italian jurisdiction, is collecting
internet traffic data that, when matched with those retained by the ISPs,
would allow the identification and possible criminal investigation of third
parties absolutely not involved in the Bergamo's criminal case."
But besides the case as such, ALCEI also underlines the fact that this
case - per se "one among many" - is of the utmost importance when
examined in a broad perspective because it falls into a wider and long
lasting  lobby to legislators, politicians, magistrates and law
enforcement officers to share the (wrong) idea that "filtering is good
for citizen security" and the ISPs must be liable for everything that
happens on the net, whether under their direct control or not.
Italy has already passed legislation, for some years now, that goes
toward these directions (for a variety of alleged "reasons", such as the
all-purposes "minor protection excuse" or to fight "illegal" online
gambling etc. - and now, once again, for "copyright sake").
Italian politicians are pushing at the European Union level the idea of
forcing search engine providers to filter "questionable" queries.
The relevant question that the Italian EDRI members are asking is: "Is
it the case that Italy is on the edge of a civil rights aggression? Maybe
not. For a number of reasons (ignorance, disinterest, electoral
convenience) Italy seems to be more prone to copyright lobbyists
interests than other European countries."
GIP Bergamo - Decree 1 August 2008 (only in Italian, 1.08.2008)
10 August 2008, Italy blocks Pirate Bay (only in Italian,10.08.2008)
Italian authorities attempt to take on Pirate Bay (11.08.2008)
Fascist state censors Pirate Bay (10.08.2008)
A complaint to the Garante per i dati personali in the "piratebay" case
(only in Italian, 16.08.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: "Frattinising" isn't the only threat (26.09.2007)
2. Cloning e-passports
Jeroen van Beek, a computer researcher at the University of Amsterdam, has
shown in some tests conducted for The Times that the new micro-chipped
passports, introduced in UK to protect against terrorism and organised
crime, can be easily cloned.
The researcher has succeeded in cloning the chips of two British passports
in which he introduced the pictures of Osama bin Laden and a suicide bomber
and in passing the cloned chips as genuine through Golden Reader, which is
the standard passport reader software used by the UN agency setting
standards for e-passports and which is also recommended for use at airports.
The cloning operation took less than an hour. Van Beek developed his cloning
method based on previous researches made in UK, Germany and New Zealand.
The micro-chipped passports contain a small radio frequency chip and an
antenna attached to the back page of the passport. The chip responds to an
encrypted signal sent by an electronic reader, by sending the holder's ID
and the biometric details back to the reader. Therefore, a copied chip could
be palmed at an unattended reader or a copy of a passport that hasn't even
been stolen could be used if the bearer resembled the original holder.
To any concerns expressed in relation to the safety of the data on the
e-passports, the Home Office has always argued that faked chips can be
discovered at border checkpoints because, when checked against an
international database, they would not match the key. The e-passports are
protected by a digital signature which, when altered, brings the rejection
of the passport by the reader. The validation of the signatures on
e-passports requires the exchange of PKI certificates between the
authorities of the issuing countries or the use of ICAO's PKD (Public Key
Directory) system. However, ICAO PKD system is not universally used and many
countries, UK included, use the bilateral exchange of certificates with
other countries.
The Dutch researcher not only changed the data on the e-passports but
succeeded in writing a new signature that will pass through the system,
under certain circumstances. According to the reader performances, to the
exchange of certificates between countries or to the use or not of PKD, the
signature might not even be checked.
"We're not claiming that terrorists are able to do this to all passports
today or that they will be able to do it tomorrow (...) But it does raise
concerns over security that need to be addressed in a more public and open
way" said Mr van Beek.
The flaws also contradict Home Office's claims that the 3 000 blank
passports that were stolen last week were worthless and raise questions
about the 4 billion pound ID scheme of the Government which uses the same
biometric technology. Dominic Grieve, the Shadow Home Secretary, has asked
the ministers to take urgent measures to solve the security flaws. "It is of
deep concern that the technology underpinning a key part of the UK's
security can be compromised so easily" said Grieve.
Researcher gives Elvis and bin Laden fake e-passports (6.08.2008)
'Fakeproof' e-passport is cloned in minutes (6.08.2008)
How to clone the copy-friendly biometric passport (4.08.2006)
How to clone a biometric passport while it's still in the bag (6.03.2007)
3. Problems with online FoI in the Georgia-Russia conflict
The conflict between Russia and Georgia over South Ossetia region has
extended to Internet, both countries having launched cyber-attacks and
blocking each other's broadcasting sites.
Georgian authorities have blocked access to Russian news broadcasters and
websites, the action being justified by Georgia's Interior Ministry with the
argument that Russian broadcasts would "scare our population" which the
government could not allow.
Mamia Sanadiradze, founder and CEO of Caucasus Online, the biggest Georgian
ISP, told Reuters: "People from the (Georgian) security agencies asked me to
block Russian sites. There were threats from viruses, we faced
disinformation and so on. (...) I hope that when war is over, we will
unblock these sites."
On the other hand, Georgian online news media and the Georgian government
websites have been attacked by Russian hackers,
including the President's site. In order to remain accessible, the foreign
ministry website changed its URL address.
Security researchers claim to have evidence showing a link between Russian
state businesses and the cyber-attacks against Georgia. Denial of service
attacks against Georgian websites started a day before the break out of the
military conflict over South Ossetia.
Don Jackson, a SecureWorks researcher said that logs showed that part of the
attack was run from command and control servers located on the networks of
Rostelecom and Comstar, two Russian state-run companies. "We know that the
Russian government controls those servers theoretically, if they have not
been 'pwned' by somebody else," Jackson told eWeek. The two companies made
changes in routing tables that blocked internet traffic to Georgia. The same
networks were used to launch denial of service attacks and cache poisoning
attacks against Georgian networks, according to SecureWorks.
Reporters Without Borders condemn the violation of online freedom of
information. "The Internet has become a battleground in which information is
the first victim. On the one side, the main Georgian ISPs severed access to
Russian websites. On the other side, Georgian government websites were
attacked by Russian hackers. With newspapers and radio and TV stations
putting out very little independent news, the Internet is a vital tool for
the public, so these attacks must stop at once."
Russian and Georgian websites fall victim to a war being fought online as
well as in the field (13.08.2008)
Georgia cuts access to Russian websites, TV news (19.08.2008)
Georgia accuses Russia of coordinated cyberattack (11.08.2008)
Bear prints found on Georgian cyber-attacks (14.08.2008)
Russian cybercrooks turn on Georgia (11.08.2008)
4. Copyright experts against the EU extension of the copyright term
New voices from the major copyright experts in the European universities and
research centers question the current EU proposals of extension of the
copyright term for the performing artists and sound recordings.
As previously covered in the past EDRi-gram, the first letter was addressed
to EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and sent on 18 July 2008 by
the leading European centres for intellectual property research that
explained that the new measures "will damage European creative endeavour and
innovation beyond repair."
Professor Bernt Hugenholtz, Director of the Institute for Information Law
(IViR) that was commissioned by the EC to draft two major studies on the EU
copyright and policy, questioned the Commission decision, calling its
policies: "less the product of a rational decision-making process than of
lobbying by stakeholders." Prof. Hugenholtz was very unhappy about the
Commission decision that totally contradicts and ignores IViR's scientific
"As you are certainly aware, one of the aims of the 'Better Regulation'
policy that is part of the Lisbon agenda is to increase the transparency of
the EU legislative process. By wilfully ignoring scientific analysis and
evidence that was made available to the Commission upon its own initiative,
the Commission's recent Intellectual Property package does not live up to
this ambition. Indeed, the Commission's obscuration of the IViR studies and
its failure to confront the critical arguments made therein seem to reveal
an intention to mislead the Council and the Parliament, as well as the
citizens of the European Union.
In doing so the Commission reinforces the suspicion, already widely held
by the public at large, that its policies are less the product of a rational
decision-making process than of lobbying by stakeholders. This is
troublesome not only in the light of the current crisis of faith as regards
the European lawmaking institutions, but also - and particularly so - in
view of European citizens' increasingly critical attitudes towards
intellectual property law."
Further arguments against the decision come from a statement from another
leading IP centre in European - Max Planck Institute for Intellectual
Property, Competition and Tax Law. In an article that concerns the
Commission's plans to prolong the protection period for performing artists
and sound recordings, the authors emphasize that there is no specific reason
for a term extension and argue that the proposal diverts the attention from
the social problem that performing artists, in particular at
the start of their career, often have a very bad negotiation position
vs. publishers and record companies - which should be remedied by special
copyright contract law.
The document concludes in pointing out that: "no persuasive economic or
social reason can be found in favour of a term extension since extending the
term would neither increase the incentives to invest nor would it provide
financial security and a sufficient livelihood for all ageing musicians,
especially not for those who need it the most. It would rather have a
negative impact upon future creators and musicians, since they would need to
wait longer to build upon older works in order to create new ones. Besides,
a term extension would also be to the detriment of consumers and the
information society since sound recordings would be locked up for another 45
Open Letter concerning European Commission's `Intellectual Property Package'
"Statement of the Max Planck Institute for Intellectual Property,
Competition and Tax Law Concerning the Commission's Plans to Prolong the
Protection Period for Performing Artists and Sound Recordings"
by Nadine Klass, Josef Drexl, Reto M. Hilty, Annette Kur and Alexander
Peukert", IIC 2008, p. 586-596.
Commission adviser accuses Barroso of intentionally misleading European
policy-makers and citizens on copyright (21.08.2008)
EDRi-gram: Extension of the copyright term for performers and record
producers (30.07.2008)
5. Call for worldwide protests against surveillance
Civil rights organizations call for protests against the constant increase
of surveillance conducted by governments and enterprises. A rally under the
motto "Freedom not Fear" will be held in Berlin on 11 October 2008. The
organizers agree that it is high time to take to the streets in order to
defend basic constitutional rights in the light of an ongoing
intensification of security and surveillance measures. The rally turns
against the promotion of the Federal Criminal Police Office
("Bundeskriminalamt") to a central, executive police agency with the
permission to secretively spy into citizens' home computers.
After last year's demonstration for democracy and civil rights, which was
the largest in Germany in 20 years with over 15 000 participants, protesters
in several countries will, for the first time simultaneously, take to the
streets to demonstrate for their freedom. Currently, 15 countries have
announced their participation in the international action day on 11 October.
Such unanimous protests are mainly due to the ongoing shift of
politicians to push through negotiations on surveillance and control
measures behind closed doors. Among others, the international protest
criticizes the planned registration of all air travellers in the EU,
the planned delivery of data to the USA, biometric data in EU identification
documents, as well as the retention of telecommunication data such as phone
connections or a caller's whereabouts for all 455 million Europeans.
Against this political spiral of interior armament motivated by
crime-related dangers, civil society places the call for "Freedom not Fear".
A moratorium for all surveillance activities and the reduction of all mass
scale surveillance, as well as an expansion of digital rights are demanded
to protect and strengthen civil liberties. In addition, activists call for
an independent review of every single planned or existing surveillance and
control measure in terms of its effectiveness and undesired side-effects.
In the run-up to this action day, the German Work Group on Data Retention
("Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung") calls for participation in the
Munich demonstration "Freiheit Wei_-Blau - Stoppt den \berwachungswahn" on
20 September 2008, which targets the restrictions of the right to free
assembly and other surveillance measures in the state of Bavaria. In
addition, the OneWebDay on 22 September 2008, will serve as a means for
further mobilisation for the "Freedom not Fear" action day.
Action day "Freedom not Fear" on 11 October 2008
Planned activities for 11 October 2008
(Contribution by Patrick Breyer - Working Group on Data Retention - Germany)
6. UK government goes on with its plan for data retention
UK government intends to oblige ISPs and telephone companies to keep
Internet personal data traffic for at least 12 months and local, health
authorities and lots of other public bodies are to be given access to
details of everyone's personal Internet information.
On 15 August 2008, the Home Office published a consultation paper which
makes clear that the personal data will now be available for crime and
public order investigations and may even be used to prevent people
self-harming. Furthermore, as the measure is the result of an EU directive,
the data will be made available to public investigators across Europe.
The measure will cover VOIP as well and access to personal Internet and text
data will be available to all public bodies licensed under the 2000
Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA), meaning that hundreds of
public bodies including local councils, health authorities, the Health and
Safety Commission, the Food Standards Agency or Ofsted (the education
standards watchdog), may require telecom companies to hand them over the
personal data.
UK government intends to go further by introducing a draft communications
bill this autumn which would require all the telecommunications companies to
hand over this data to one central "super" database. The police and other
public authorities will be able to access this database directly without
having to make a request to the company which keeps the records.
The database had been planned to be bundled with the EU Data Retention
Directive that is to be legally implemented in UK by March 2009. The
consultation paper published by the Home Office is meant to transpose the
Directive as a standalone statutory instrument. Laws made by statutory
instruments do not need a Parliament vote.
Home Office civil servants are working on plans for the central database
within the Interception Modernisation Programme (IMP). The IMP budget was
part of the intelligence agencies' undisclosed funding bid to the
Comprehensive Spending Review last year. Sources disclosed that secret
briefings gave a cost for the database that could reach nine figures.
The proposition faces opposition as many fear that a single database under
Government's control would be vulnerable to attacks or errors that may lead
to information leaks.
Chris Huhne, the Liberal Democrats' home affairs spokesman, said the
government could not be trusted with sensitive data. "We will be told it is
for use in combating terrorism and organised crime but if Ripa powers are
anything to go by, it will soon be used to spy on ordinary people's kids,
pets and bins" he said.
In the consultation paper, the Home Office also gave an estimation of a cost
of over 60 million euro that the storage of such an amount of Internet data
may be imposed on the Internet industry. Besides, the Home Office admitted
that the companies might have to store "a billion incidents of data exchange
a day". The Government has already paid about 23 million euro over five
years to telecom companies for access to data about citizens' use of phones
and the Internet.
'Snooper's charter' to check texts and emails (13.08.2008)
Home Office - A consultation paper - Final phase of the transposition of
Directive 2006/24/EC (08.2008)
Government pays telcos  million for records retention (7.08.2008)
UK.gov to spend hundreds of millions on snooping silo (19.08.2008)
EDRIgram: UK Government will store all phone, Internet traffic data
EDRIgram: ICO worried about a UK Government-owned traffic data database
7. Seminar on the Telecoms Package and Network Filtering
The telecoms package seminar on the 27 August 2008 in the European
Parliament arranged by Swedish MEP Christofer Fjellner had a remarkably
large audience. Over 100 persons came to listen to the five speakers from
both industry and civil society.
Over all, the speakers called for better understanding of the so
called "copyright amendments" to the package that allegedly have been
introduced to the detriment of the 'completion of the internal market'
for the telecoms industry. Netzpolitik.org was also streaming the event.
After the introduction by MEP Fjellner, Monica Horten from Westminster
University made clear the new technology "Deep Packet Inspection"
potentially could be used to censor the Internet in Europe just as it
does in China. Similar hardware is in place in both Chinese and
European networks. The differences are law, automation and industrial
rather than political programming.
Eddan Katz from Electronic Frontier Foundation warned that public
interest values and the hopes for a transforming participative web
would be squashed if the language in the package is not being cleared
Jeffery Lawrence from Intel's main point was that the conflict between
rightsholders and technology industry is not new, but that the
principle of policing consumers is new. Would Europe consider such
policy, there is indeed a need for discussion and analysis beyond the
traditional conflict mentioned.
Nuria Rodriguez Murillo from BEUC urged the European parliament to
ensure legal certainty for consumers, as well as standing up for the
principle already voted on in the so called Bono report which states
that people should not be cut of the Internet.
The last speaker Francisco Mingorance from Business Software Alliance
warned against the French model where technology mandates are
introduced by the state or by courts. Such mandating could overrule
copyright licences like the GPL.
It is unclear whether the Members of the European Parliament will even
agree on the existence of the "copyright amendments" in the upcoming
plenary debate next week. Netizens, as well as citizens, of Europe
should keep their fingers crossed that their legislators know what
they are voting on in three weeks time. Hopefully, to quote Monica
Horten, our MEPs will say "As policy-makers, we have a duty to promote
the vibrant and open character of the Internet."
Seminar on the Telecoms Package and Network Filtering
Event stream by Netzpolitik
Deep Packet Inspection
(Contribution by Erik Josefsson - Sweden)
8. Dispute between UK government and EU over the use of PNR
UK Government fights EU proposals to restrict the way it uses passenger name
record (PNR) information to monitor immigration, claiming that the data it
collects is crucial to control cross-border movements.
With the EU planning to make all European states share PNR data, UK
government argues there is a "real risk" the action "would degrade e-Borders
by prohibiting the use of PNR data for combating immigration offences". A
spokeswoman for the Home Office stated: "The collection of passenger name
records is a vital tool in Britain's fight against organised crime,
terrorism and immigration offenders."
UK wants to go further than EU and share data from internal EU flights, sea
and rail travel. The House of Lords EU Select Committee warned in a report
published in July that if the government made pressures for radical changes
to the EU proposal, it might loose the co-operation of Europe. The report
recommended that the PNR data be used for the purpose of fighting against
terrorism and combating serious crime, stating at the same time that a clear
definition should be given to what "serious crime" means. It recommended a
comprehensive list that would cover the term.
The Home Office responded on 6 August accepting the need for greater clarity
about what crimes should be covered by "serious crime" but rejected the
recommendation for a comprehensive list as being "overly prescriptive". It
also said that its e-Borders programme gathering PNR data on 50
million passengers' movements, had been a "real success in strengthening the
UK border" leading to 25 000 alerts and 2 100 arrests for offences ranging
from murder and possession of firearms to drug-smuggling. It also stated
that loosing Europe's support was not a possibility. "Negotiations are
ongoing, there are outstanding issues but we will work closely with the EU
to agree a text."
Dominic Grieve, Shadow Home Secretary, said that if the government wanted to
extend the purposes of using passengers' details, it should be precise about
"what the objective is, why it is necessary and what safeguards it will put
in place to protect the privacy of the innocent" and he added: "Given the
government's proven and serial inability to protect personal data the public
will not agree to this lightly."
The Home Affairs Spokesman for the Liberal Democrats, Chris Huhne, also
considered this was another example that the government was more and more
invading people's personal lives. He also commented: "It is deeply worrying
that ministers are prepared to forgo the possible co-operation of our
European partners."
Actually, even the EU Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on the
use of Passenger Name Record (PNR) is far from perfect, facing large
opposition from privacy rights advocates and associations.
In a letter to the Council of the European Union, ECTAA, the European Travel
Agents' and Tour Operators' Associations, makes several proposals for the
Framework Decision. Among other things, the members of the association
believe the decision should only cover data for passengers on flight into
and out of the EU and that it should not be extended to intra-EU flights.
Gov't battles EU over use of air-passenger data (11.08.2008)
Ministers' fears on EU data plan (6.08.2008)
Clash erupts on use of airline data to fight crime (7.08.2008)
European Travel Agents' and Tour Operators' Associations (ECTAA) letter to
the Council of EU on Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on the use of
Passenger Name Record (PNR) data for law enforcement purposes (1.08.2008)
EDRIgram - PNR Data infringes human rights (9.04.2008)
9. Secret reports on new five year plan for "European Home Affairs"
A new secret report, made available by Statewatch, drafted by the "Future
Group" of Interior and Justice Ministers from six EU member states (Germany,
France, Sweden, Portugal, Slovenia, and Czech Republic) suggests a series of
proposals to boost EU integration in policing and intelligence-gathering,
including the creation an EU-US Area of cooperation for "freedom, security
and justice."
The group's controversial proposals are certain to trigger major disputes,
proposing that the EU members states should pool information in a central
intelligence unit, creating a network of "anti-terrorist centres",
standardising police surveillance techniques and extending the sharing of
DNA and fingerprint databases to include CCTV video footage and material
gathered by "spy drones".
The report also includes a decision to expand the current European
Gendarmerie Force (EGF), which currently only involves France, Italy, Spain,
Portugal and the Netherlands, into an EU body, that could be used also for
paramilitary intervention overseas.
Claiming efficient fight against terrorism, the report suggests an
Euro-Atlantic pact of cooperation with the United States. The document needs
to be finalized by 2014 at the latest and would not just cover terrorism and
passenger data but would cover the whole area of justice and home affairs -
policing, immigration, sharing database data and biometrics. The difference
in privacy regulation could be a problem in achieving
this pact, but the US seems to push hard for this new pact:
"All the evidence from dozens of high-level EU-USA meetings on justice and
home affairs since 11 September 2001 shows that it is a one-way street with
the EU trying to fend off USA demands. When the EU does not cave in the USA
simply negotiates bilateral deals with individual member states. A permanent
EU-USA pact would be disastrous for privacy and civil liberties." explains
Tony Bunyan, Statewatch editor.
Bruno Waterfield, Brussels correspondent for The Daily Telegraph has
expressed the way in which security has been escalated to a level that he
calls "securocracy". He believes it started at the national and EU level
with "interoperability" that allowed a more wildly exchange of the
information held on databases. This gave the idea of "availability", that
meant "the exchange of any of this information, defined as important for
security purposes, was required". And the latest stage is "convergence".
"This concept heralds a new era by standardising European police
surveillance techniques and creating "tool-pools" of common data gathering
systems to be operated at the EU level" says Waterfield.
Future Report: Freedom, Security, Privacy - European Home Affairs in an open
world (06.2008)
Secret EU security draft risks uproar with call to pool policing and give US
personal data (7.08.2008)
Secret EU report moots sharing personal data with US (7.08.2008)
New European spying proposals 'threaten British security' (7.08.2008)
EU plan: The rise and rise of the securocrats (7.08.2008)
10. ENDitorial: Wiretapping - the Swedish way
The Swedish Parliament, Riksdagen, adopted 18 June 2008 a law which
obliges all telecom and Internet providers to transfer all communication
that passes the Swedish border to Fvrsvarets radioanstalt (FRA), or the
National Defence Radio Establishment as it is officially called in
English. It is the Swedish national authority for signals intelligence.
Even though domestic Internet communication is between two persons residing
Sweden, the same information may cross national borders through Germany,
Denmark and USA. That is how the Internet works. This means that all Swedes
as well as people residing outside of Sweden may be subject to the
surveillance of FRA. FRA may transfer information to other countries and the
Guardian has recently reported (7 August 2008) of a Secret EU security draft
which would give USA "Wholesale exchange of (personal) data". It is within a
greater international perspective one should view the Swedish legislation.
It is possible that Sweden has the most valuable information. 80 % of the
Russian telecom and internet communication passes through Sweden. Thus, it
is not an accident that FRA has one of the most powerful computers in the
world, together with some computers in the USA and one computer in the UK
which operates computations on nuclear weapons. There is an ongoing debate
over the true motive for the adoption of the law. This is only one of the
theories. Many countries and companies, including Finland, Norway, Google
and TeliaSonera, use the Swedish cables and are very critical of the FRA
wiretapping law.
The FRA wiretapping law adopted in June 2008 consists of four statutes,
including a newly adopted statute on signals intelligence and changes in
three other statutes.
The law will enter into force by 1 January 2009 and the actual operations
will start later in the year. FRA has a mandate to search for "external
threats", which involves everything from military threats, terrorism,
IT-security, supply problems, ecological imbalances, ethnic and religious
conflicts, migration to economic challenges in the form of currency and
interest speculation. This very broad mandate has attracted a lot of
criticism. There is no requirement that the FRA should have a reason to
suspect crime or a court order before a Swedish citizen is to be under
surveillance. This must be seen against the background that the police may
ask FRA for support in its efforts of crime control.
In contrast to what the law actually says, the Government denies that the
police may use the FRA and say that FRA will only monitor "phenomena" and
not individuals. The critics ask how it is possible to monitor phenomena
without monitoring individuals.
As one of the critics, I have accused the Government of "doublethink" and
"newspeak" in their defence of the law. The Governments statements are full
of contradictions, which they ignore. The main Government Party in a
coalition of four parties even deny the core of the law, which obligates all
telecom and Internet providers to transfer all communication that passes the
Swedish border to FRA.
In the eve of the vote of 18 June 2008 there were strong indications that
more than the necessary four parliamentarians of the centre-right coalition
would shift side and thus deny the adoption of the statutes. There was
intense pressure on these parliamentarians and on the day before the vote,
Fredrick Federley, a critic in the centre party, struck a deal with the
Minister of Defence, Sten Tolgfors, which involved that additional
protection would be added in the interest of privacy at a later point in
time. This made the resistance in the coalition parties to crumble.
In the end, only one parliamentarian shifted sides, Camilla Lindberg, of
the liberal party who became a national hero while Fredrick Federley, in the
eyes of many, lost a lot of credibility as a civil rights promoter. Another
member of the liberal group, Birgitta Ohlsson, abstained. The two members of
the liberal group had concerns that the additional protection would not
change the fact that the law obliges all telecom and Internet providers to
transfer all communication that passes the Swedish border to FRA.
This did not quiet the critics. By 14 July 2008 the resistance in the
liberal party had regrouped and they published an op-editorial in the daily
Dagens Nyheter signed by the necessary four parliamentarians and three
previous party leaders representing 25 years of leadership in the liberal
party, all demanding the Government should recall the law. Later, two
liberal parliamentarians joined the other four and stated live on TV that
they were willing to support a motion to recall the law. The Government is
making serious efforts to divide the group and make one or several of them
return to the Government side.
As of this date, the Government has not been successful. The six liberal
parliamentarians must team up with the social democrats, the green party and
the left before the end of September 2008. After that, it is impossible to
table motions from the opposition which will enter into force during 2009
and recall the law.
To conclude, the showdown for Swedish wiretapping by FRA is in September
Government Proposal on Defence Intelligence (only in Swedish, 8.03.2007)
Secret EU security draft risks uproar with call to pool policing
and give US personal data (7.08.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Sweden is listening to all internet and phone
conversations (2.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: A new "NSA FRAnchise" set up in Sweden? (4.06.2008)
(contribution by Mark Klamberg - Doctoral candidate, Stockholm University -
Department of Law)
11. Recommended Action
EDRi member FoeBuD e.V. has set up a contest for finding a RFID warning sign
to be passed on to the EU's process in RFID legislation. Since the industry
came up with a similar contest but looking for a somewhat "friendly" design,
FoeBuD is looking for a precise warning sign that would shows the dangers
for citizens' rights when RFID technology is involved.
There are two categories in FoeBuD's contest: strict and freestyle. In the
strict category, a design for an official RFID warning sign is wanted. The
winning design in this category shall be sent to the EU as a proposal for
marking RFID tags and readers. It should follow the rules for warning and
danger signs as e.g. DIN 4844-2 shows. The freestyle category is what its
name says: be free to find a nice and striking sign that shows the problem.
Everyone is free to participate until 12 September 2008. The designs are
expected to be public domain. The contest papers are only in German, but,
apart from explaining what RFID is and its dangers, the main message is:
Send the design before the deadline to "FoeBuD e.V., Marktstrasse 18, 33602
Bielefeld, Germany". Questions and digital-only designs may be sent to
"mail at foebud.org". Submissions are confirmed to have arrived via email.
The winners will be announced in October 2008.
The contest papers (only in German)
12. Agenda
3-5 September 2008, Prague, Czech Republic
The Third International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
19 September 2008, Brussels, Belgium
High Level Expert Conference: Towards a European Policy on RFID
20 September 2008, Munchen, Germany
Demonstration Freiheit Weiss Blau
22 September 2008, Istanbul, Turkey
Workshop on Applications of Private and Anonymous Communications
22 September 2008, Worldwide
OneWebDay - an Earth Day for the internet.
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
11 October 2008, Worldwide
Action day "Freedom not fear"
Protests, demonstrations and activities against the surveillance mania
15-17 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
30th International Data Protection and Privacy Conference
20-21 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
European Dialogue on Internet Governance (EuroDIG)
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology, and Society, Tilburg University
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-12-04 00:52:09
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 6.23, 3 December 2008 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.23, 3 December 2008
1. Changes in the telecom package adopted by the Council
2. French EDVIGE decree withdrawn
3. Effects of counter-terrorism legislation on freedom of the media
4. Sweden on the verge of passing the local IPRED law
5. Turkey: Another blocking order against YouTube
6. Ireland proposes to legalise covert surveillance
7. UK rejected data breach notification law
8. Parliaments seem to use very little IT technology
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Changes in the telecom package adopted by the Council
A political agreement on the telecom package was reached by the EU Council
on 27 November 2008. Even though the final text does not support the 3
strikes measures proposed by the French Presidency, it has also deleted some
important amendments adopted by the European Parliament in order to
safeguard the citizen's fundamental rights.
Austria and Denmark have spoken up for keeping the Amendment 138 during the
Council meeting. Bulgaria, Hungary and Poland joined them in an attempt to
provide safeguards for users in the event of any attempts to sanction them
or restrict their access to content on the Internet. They asked the
exclusion of any issues related to copyright enforcement and the promotion
of creative content instead. But in the end, the Council decided the
deletion of this amendment, the only pretext expressed being that the
wording was too broad.
The new text of the modified Universal Services Directive allows the
national regulatory authorities to "promote cooperation between undertakings
providing electronic communications networks and/or services and the sectors
interested in the promotion of lawful content in electronic communication
networks and services." The adopted recitals makes it clear that any
cooperation procedures will not allow for systematic Internet monitoring and
that the Member States, and not the electronic communication providers, have
to "decide, in accordance with due process, whether content, applications or
services are lawful or harmful or not."
The decision of the Telecom Council to reject the 3 strike scheme, comes
after the EU culture ministers took a similar decision on 20 November. They
also suggested promoting legal offers of music or films on the Internet. The
EU Culture Council considered that "a fair balance between the various
fundamental rights" needs to be establishedwhile fighting online piracy,
first listing "the right to personal data protection," then "the freedom of
information" and only lastly "the protection of intellectual property".
In fact, the Commission has already sent a number of critical comments on
the French draft law on 3 strikes, suggesting a long series of changes in
order to comply with the European legislation.
The text adopted by the European Telecom Council is not so positive from
the privacy point of view. Thus, the Council has rejected the suggestion
of the Parliament to allow a study on Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and
their use that should have been promoted by the Commission.
The Council has decided to keep Art 6 par 6 (formerly amendment 181 adopted
by the European Parliament) that has been interpreted as an open door for
voluntary data retention. Thus, the German actions to push for the rejection
of the amendment 181 in the Telecom Council did not found a majority,
despite the public position of the German federal minister of economic
affairs Michael Glos. He agreed with a number of civil society
representatives that this amendment "would create unmanageable data dumps
and thus expose sensitive data on our communications and movements to risks
of abuse."
The Telecom Council has taken the European Commission's point of view in
restricting the obligation for personal data breach notification only for
electronic communication providers, thus excluding the Parliament amendment
that extended this provision also to "any company operating on the
Internet, providing services to consumers, which is the data controller and
provider of information society services."
The Council has also limited the number of cases when the notification to
the competent Authority and affected individuals is mandatory only in cases
representing "a serious risk for subscriber's privacy."
This common position adopted by the Telecom Council is a base for new
negotiations between EU Bodies, that could meetthis month. Also, a new
informal meeting of the Telecom ministers is already scheduled on 17
February. The second reading of the European Parliament on the agreed text
could take place at the beginning of 2009.
2907th Transport, Telecommunications and Energy Council meeting (provisional
version) - (27.11.2008)
European Council - Reviewed ePrivacy Directive (27.11.2008)
European Council - Reviewed Universal Service Directive (27.11.2008)
Federal government supports opposition against "voluntary data retention"
EU states bin telecoms 'super-regulator' idea (27.11.2008)
Citizen safeguards striked out in EU Council (26.11.2008)
Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland - only EU members on the same page vis-a-vis
Internet content control (1.12.2008)
European Council opposes Parliament on Amendment 138 (27.11.2008)
EU ministers reject ban on free downloading (21.11.2008)
Denmark and Austria speak up for citizens rights (27.11.2008)
Commission response to France's obligation of notification for its
"graduated response" law (only in French, 27.11.2008)
EDRi-gram: Data breach notification - different opinions in EU bodies?
2. French EDVIGE decree withdrawn
It seems the demonstrations that took place on 16 October against the EDVIGE
decree have found an echo with the French authorities. The French Government
has finally withdrawn the EDVIGE file after a very strong mobilisation of
the citizens through the "No to EDVIGE" group that gathered several
associations and unions, including EDRi-member IRIS (Imaginons un Riseau
Internet Solidaire).
The withdrawal of the decree is different from the abrogation in the sense
that the withdrawal has a retroactive character meaning that all the
information gathered since the creation of EDVIGE 1.0 has to be destroyed.
The RG file, introduced in 1991, previous to EDVIGE, will remain valid until
31 December 2009 but no information will be added to it starting with 1 July
However, the liberty advocates and associations are still vigilant and stay
careful while waiting for the occurrence of the newly envisaged file called
EDVIRSP which has not yet been published. The new version which should
exclude the collection of personal data related to health, sexuality or data
on personalities or minors below 13 is now with the French Data Protection
Authority - CNIL (Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertis)
before being sent to the State Council.
IRIS and the rest of the "No to EDVIGE" group are still concerned by some of
the issues of the new version such as the creation of a file based on
suspicions and not facts, the collection of data related to religious
beliefs, ethnical origin, union membership, political opinions as well as
data on minors older than 13.
So, for the time being, before the issue of a new file, the data already
collected for the withdrawn EDVIGE file cannot be used which means that
the police cannot gather data at this point. However, there are concerns
that, in this case, the police will use other sources such as Cristina, a
similar file to EDVIGE, which is a defence classified file that can provide
the legal basis for the collection of data.
"We are now under a legal blur and this blur is never favourable to
liberties' said Helhne Masse-Dessen, lawyer of "No to EDVIGE" group.
IRIS Press release on the withdrawal of EDVIGE1.0 - First citizen victory
but vigilance stays in place (only in French, 20.11.2008)
Decree no. 2008-1199 of 19 November 2008 on the withdrawal of decree no.
2008-632 of 27 June 2008 on the creation of automatic treatment of personal
data called EDVIGE (only in French, 21.11.2008)
Withdraw EDVIGE1.0 team Press Release - + No to EDVIGE ; team congratulates
itself but stays mobilized (only in French, 21.11.2008)
The Edvige file officially withdrawn but not yet replaced (only in French,
The Edvige file officially withdrawn, the opponents stay "vigilant" (only in
French, 20.11.2008)
EDRi-gram: Protests in France against the Edvige file on St. Edwige day
3. Effects of counter-terrorism legislation on freedom of the media
A new report conducted by Privacy International (PI) for the Council of
Europe Media and Information Society Division reveals effects of new
counter-terrorism laws on media and free expression rights in European
The report "Speaking of Terror" examines how the "war on terror" has
affected access to information, the growth of incitement, glorification and
"extremism" restrictions on speech, blocking of internet sites, increased
surveillance of journalists and limits on protection of journalists'
sources. The report finds that the laws have already seriously affected
freedom of expression while providing little benefit in fighting terrorism.
The report also examines the roles of the United Nations Security Council,
European Union and Council of Europe in promoting new laws while paying
little attention to human rights.
The findings of the study reveal that international bodies including the
Council of Europe (CoE) and the European Union (EU) have adopted many
international agreements that either ignore or only pay scant attention to
fundamental human rights and the importance of a free media. Their agendas
are often driven by those countries that are most aggressive in adopting
expansive counter-terrorism laws including the UK, US and Russia. The role
of European institutions such as the EU and the CoE have resulted in greater
adoption and harmonization of these laws than most other regions.
New laws on prohibiting speech that is considered "extremist" or supporting
of terrorism have been a particular problem. These laws are used in many
jurisdictions to suppress political and controversial speech. Newspapers
have been closed and journalists arrested. Web sites are often taken down or
blocked. State secret and national security laws are regularly being used
against journalists and their sources even as access to information laws are
widely accepted and adopted across the CoE.
Protection of journalists' sources are often undermined by governments
seeking to identify officials who provide information. Even the protection
is widely recognized both in national laws and in decisions of the European
Court of Human Rights.
New anti-terrorism laws are giving authorities wide powers to conduct
surveillance. Other new laws impose technical and administrative
requirements on the ability to intercept communications and keeping
information. Of particular concern are data retention laws which require
the routine surveillance of all mobile and Internet users that can be used
to easily identify sources and journalists' investigations.
Speaking of Terror: A survey of the effects of counter-terrorism legislation
on freedom of the media in Europe
4. Sweden on the verge of passing the local IPRED law
The Sweden Government is to pass these days a controversial law that might
give the entertainment industry some tools to track down those that
illegally share copyrighted material on the Internet.
The law, which is based on the European Union's Intellectual Property Rights
Enforcement Directive (IPRED), has been under debate for more than a year
and claims to be essential by the Swedish industry which complains that,
presently, Sweden lacks the necessary legislation to support them: " Swedish
laws are considered something of a joke and our politicians are viewed as
arrogant for not taking this seriously. Sweden has the worst laws in this
area and, consequently, the worst problems with piracy. It is embarrassing
that Sweden has waited so long to put in place a directive that was
implemented long ago by our European neighbours." says a letter addressed to
the Swedish Government by the director and producers of the Swedish movie
"Let The Right One In".
The law, which is planned to come into force on 1 April 2009, would make it
possible for copyright holders to get a court order requesting ISPs to
provide IP addresses associated with computers which have downloaded
copyrighted material without paying for it.
The copyright holders could afterwards contact those suspected of illegal
file sharing requesting them to stop the activity. If those in question do
not comply, the copyright holders can use the information obtained from the
ISPs to sue the infringer and ask for compensation for copyright violations.
With this, the Swedish draft law would go even farther than IPRED.
The proposed law faces a large opposition from centre-right political
parties and youth organisations. More than 22 000 members have joined a
group started by Pirate Party vice-chair Christian Engstrvm on Facebook
which is called Stoppa IPRED (Stop IPRED) and which has sent e-mails of
protests to Swedish Parliament members.
"We have examples from other countries where this has amounted to the
legalization of wide-spread blackmail. Record companies get the name of
someone suspected of file sharing and send out a letter demanding 20,000
Swedish crowns (1 800 euros) or some other made up sum with the threat that
if you don't pay, we'll be taking you to court" said Engstrvm
In an attempt to answer to these concerns, according to Sveriges Radio,
justice minister Beatrice Ask, whose ministry is responsible for the law,
has asked for the deletion from the draft law of a clause making the law
enforceable retroactively, fact which would have giving the industry
the possibility to access information about people who have been illegally
downloading copyrighted material over the past few years and therefore to
take the respective people to court for actions performed in the past.
Another change that seems to have been introduced by the minister is that IP
addresses can only be given when the suspected file sharing is "of
commercial nature."
The vote of the Swedish Parliament on the matters is expected these days.
Swedish copyright laws 'a joke' (26.11.2008)
Justice minister offers concessions on file sharing law (21.11.2008)
Sweden judges back Pirate Hunter Act (14.11.2008)
Lines drawn in battle over file sharing bill (14.11.2008)
Resistance mounts to new file sharing law (7.11.2008)
5. Turkey: Another blocking order against YouTube
For the forth time in two years, on 20 November 2008, the Turkish
authorities blocked access to YouTube asserting that certain content posted
on the site was disrespectful to Kemal Mustafa Atat|rk, the Turkish
Republic's founder, or supported the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
Turkey is the only country in the world banning YouTube.
"We have said it before and we say it again now - blocking access to YouTube
is wrong. It has been blocked since 5 May, as a result of an earlier court
order, and the obstinacy shown by the authorities is unacceptable. Denying
Turkish citizens access to this file-sharing site violates freedom of
information" said Reporters Without Borders.
The Cubuk magistrate court issued the latest blocking order on the basis of
article 162 of the criminal procedure law and of Law 5651 on crimes and
offences committed online which has been in force since November 2007 and
which obliges ISPs to block access to websites declared illegal. According
to this law, a public prosecutor may ban access to a website within 24 hours
if the content is considered "liable to incite suicide, paedophilia, drug
usage, obscenity or prostitution" or if it "contradicts the law of Atat|rk."
YouTube is not the only site banned by the Turkish authorities. Since 2007,
based on the same laws, about 1 000 websites which have been blocked by
Turkey's Telecommunications Directorate. Besides YouTube, recently,
nacizanebilgo.com, the Turkish popular dictionary website has also been made
inaccessible following a complaint from religious leader Adnan Oktar on the
grounds that the site editors allowed Internet users to post "insulting"
terms on him. Lawsuits initiated by Oktar have resulted in the blocking of
at least 61 websites. Other banned websites include that of a teachers'
trade union and the site of the British biologist Richard Dawkins.
"Banning YouTube, Google's blogging site, the websites of a teachers' trade
union, Richard Dawkins and even a Turkish dictionary stands alongside more
than 40 cases against writers and journalists even since the reform of the
so-called anti-Turkishness article of the penal code," stated Richard
Howitt, the vice president of the European Parliament's Human Rights
Howitt, who is a supporter of Turkey's becoming an EU member, met Justice
Minister Mehmet Ali Sahin on 27 November in Ankara and asked him to
overturn the decision of banning the sites, in the interests of free speech,
warning about the implications of such actions upon Turkey's EU adhering
process. "As a modern country looking forward to European Union membership,
Turkey should be embracing new communications rather than putting itself in
the same bracket as some of the world's pariah states," he said.
According to Kerem Altiparmak and Yaman Akdeniz, authors of the book
"Restricted Access", Internet restrictions are against European Union
standards and Turkey could face charges at the European Courts of Human
Rights for violating the freedom of expression. The authors argue that
Turkey's current Internet regulations, besides being procedurally flawed,
are designed to censor political speech: "Clearly the current regime,
through its procedural and substantive deficiencies, is designed to censor
and silence speech. Its impacts are wide, affecting not only the freedom of
speech but also the right to privacy and fair trial. It has been reported
that prosecutors have even demanded that politicians widen the scope of the
law to include insults, defamation and terrorism. This antiquated approach
remains unacceptable in a democratic society."
The authors also point out the fact that blocking a site is also a totally
inefficient method to combat illegal content: "Blocking as a preventative
policy measure has been explicitly dismissed within the context of terrorist
use of the Internet at the level of the European Union. Furthermore,
circumvention technologies are widely available, and the filtering and
blocking mechanisms and methods currently used in Turkey are easy to
circumvent even for inexperienced Internet users." One argument in favour of
this is that even the Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan stated to the
press that, despite the ban, he could access YouTube and even provided the
information of how to do it.
MEP urges turkey to end YouTube ban (28.11.2008)
YouTube censored yet again by another court order blocking access
European parliamentarians urge Turkey to remove YouTube ban (1.12.2008)
Turkey could face charges at European court over restrictions (30.11.2008)
Ban on YouTube proves virtual (1.12.2008)
EDRigram - YouTube blocked once more in Turkey (30.01.2008)
6. Ireland proposes to legalise covert surveillance
The Irish Government has approved the outline of a Bill which, if passed by
Parliament, will permit police to break into private property to plant
covert audio bugs and video cameras. The Covert Surveillance Bill is
intended to legitimise what is already believed to be existing practice, to
make Irish law compliant with the European Convention on Human Rights and to
allow evidence obtained in this way to be used in court. Judicial approval
will be required before this can be done, except in exceptional
The procedure to deal with cases of exceptional urgency is too lax. Under
the Bill as it stands those cases would bypass the judicial process
entirely, so that surveillance could take place for up to 14 days without
any authorisation. There must be a question mark as to whether this
provision would be constitutional if it was used to break into and bug a
dwelling. Instead, it would be preferable to deal with cases of urgency by
permitting Gardam to commence surveillance without a judicial authorisation
but then requiring that an application be made to the District Court for
permission to continue the surveillance.
Despite its broad title, the Bill addresses only one very narrow area - the
covert surveillance of locations by devices which are physically planted in
those locations. Many other forms of surveillance - such as the use of GPS
devices to track the position of cars, the use of long range cameras and
microphones to monitor locations from a distance and live monitoring of
Internet activity - will still be entirely unregulated. As a result there
will continue to be doubt as to whether Gardam have the power to use these
types of surveillance and as to whether the resulting evidence can be used
in criminal prosecutions.
Meanwhile, although there is some legislation regulating other forms of
surveillance such as the interception of communications, data retention and
Garda use of CCTV, that legislation has developed on an ad hoc and reactive
basis with few consistent principles applying to its use or oversight. Much
of it is also out of date, most notably the 1993 interception of
communications legislation which due to technological changes no longer
adequately protects email and other Internet communications.
Considered as a whole therefore, the wider Irish law is inadequate. Given
that many of these issues were flagged by the Law Reform Commission in 1998,
it is hard to see any justification for the failure to address them to date.
Although this Bill does provide for some improvements, it is at best a
piecemeal response which will not address similar problems with other forms
of surveillance. It is clear that the time has come for comprehensive reform
of the overall law relating to surveillance. This Bill is a good first step
towards that reform. But it is only a first step, and it would be
regrettable if the government were to continue to ignore this area until
forced to act by another highly visible crime.
Government approves covert Garda measures (18.11.2008)
Time to take a close look at surveillance (28.11.2008)
(contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
7. UK rejected data breach notification law
Two reports were published on 24 November 2008 by UK Ministry of Justice
related to the data breach notification law, the powers of the Government
to share data and the Information Commissioner's inspection powers and
funding arrangements.
One of the reports states that the law requiring that significant data
breaches should be notified to the Information Commissioner Office was
rejected, the ministry considering that the notification should be subject
to good practice and not to a law: "As a matter of good practice any
significant data breach should be brought to the attention of the ICO and
that organisation should work with the ICO to ensure that remedial action is
taken" says the report which adds: "The ICO will take into account the
failure of an organisation to notify any breaches of the data protection
principles when considering enforcement action."
The modification of the EU ePrivacy Directive introduces such an obligation
to telecommunications companies and Peter Hustinx, the European Data
Protection Supervisor, said in April that that law should be extended to
banks, online businesses and medical bodies.
William Malcolm from Pinsent Masons said a breach notification law might
have anyway been unnecessary as the lack of dealing with responsibly in case
of data breach would lead to a breach of the Data Protection Act anyway.
The report also announced that new laws would increase the powers of the
Government to share data, introducing a fast-track procedure to allow data
sharing when "a robust case" could be made. "We intend to bring forward
legislation to confer upon the Secretary of State a power to permit or
require the sharing of personal information between particular persons or
bodies, so long as a robust case can be made to use that power. The power
will also be used to simplify the data protection framework and remove any
unnecessary obstacles to data sharing" says the report.
The new legislation will also place a statutory duty on the ICO to prepare,
publish and review a Code on the sharing of personal data that would will
provide guidance on how organisations can share personal data and promote
good practice in the sharing of personal data. "A breach of, or compliance
with, the Code will be taken into account by the courts, the Information
Tribunal and the ICO whenever it is relevant to a question arising in legal
or enforcement proceedings".
A second report acknowledged the necessity of a framework that would
increase "public trust and confidence in the handling of personal data by
both the public and private sector." The report proposes measures
complementing ICO's present powers and ensuring it has the necessary and
effective instruments to carry out its regulatory functions.
The UK does not need a data breach notification law, says Government
Government announces new law for increased data sharing (25.11.2008)
ICO to get powers to audit public bodies without consent (25.11.2008)
The Information Commissioner's inspection powers and funding arrangements
under the Data Protection Act 1998 Summary of responses (24.11.2008)
Why we don't need a security breach notification law in the UK (19.05.2008)
EDRigram: Data breach notification - different opinions in EU bodies ?
8. Parliaments seem to use very little IT technology
The findings of the World e-Parliament Report 2008 achieved by UNDESA and
the Inter-Parliamentary Union on the use of information and communication
technologies within 105 parliament assemblies from all over the world were
presented on 25 November 2008, at the second high-level meeting of the Board
of the Global Centre for ICT in Parliament.
The Report is the first one of this kind and was meant to assess the level
to which information and communication technologies are used by parliaments
within their activities. It also used the information exchanged during the
World e-Parliament Conference 2007 and the publicly available information
related to the topic.
The purpose of the report was to help "legislatures evaluate the potential
benefits of ICT in supporting parliament's basic values of transparency,
accessibility, accountability and effectiveness, and, at the same time, its
representative, legislative and oversight functions. Its publication is
intended to establish a shared knowledge base among the parliaments of the
world and, most importantly, promote international dialogue on these
matters." The issues tackled by the report were: the relationship between
parliaments, ICT and the information society; innovation and leadership;
management, planning and resources; infrastructures and services;
documenting the legislative process; parliamentary websites; building a
knowledge base for parliament; enhancement of the dialogue between
parliaments and citizens and cooperation and coordination.
According to the report, only 10% of the parliaments from EU, Africa, Latin
America, Australia and Canada use ICT to make their activities known to
their citizens. "For most parliaments, our survey has documented that there
is a significant gap between what is possible with ICT and what has been
accomplished," said Jeffrey Griffith, one of the authors.
The study has shown that only 43% of the parliaments stated having document
management systems and most of them find it difficult to keep their websites
up to date and accessible to the wide public. Even when the sites displayed
the texts of bills they lacked links to the relevant information.
In most cases, but not in all, the level of the ICT use by a parliament
appears to be related to the level of the national income.
In Mr. Griffith's opinion, parliaments should use a similar model to Web 2.0
techniques used by the US presidential elections but also considered that in
order to do that, strong political leadership, the active engagement of MPs
and well-trained technical staff were necessary. "Attaining a high level of
performance in the application of ICT is not only dependent on resources; it
also requires strong political leadership, active engagement of members, a
skilled secretariat, well-trained technical staff, and a sustained
commitment to the strategic implementation of information and communication
technologies in the legislative setting" says the World e-Parliament Report
During the EP conference, Mechthild Rothe, vice-president of the European
Parliament said that e-parliament strategies also had to guarantee a high
level of IT security concerning the privacy of the citizens' personal data.
She also made a presentation of the ICT tools used by the European
Parliament including RRS feeds, podcasts, online streams of plenary sessions
in 23 languages. This presentation came in contrast with the statements of
the representatives of the Egyptian Parliament and the Pan-African
Parliament who spoke of a "great digital divide" between the developed world
and African countries.
"There are technical and know-how obstacles in introducing ICT in the
parliaments of the developing world, marred by ignorance, poverty and wars,"
said Ahmed Fathy Sorour, speaker of the Egyptian Parliament who was backed
by Gertrude Mongella, President of the Pan-African Parliament. In her turn,
she talked about the lack of dialogue and parliamentary representation which
was one of the causes of conflicts such as the one presently going on in
The survey also shows there is willingness from parliaments to improve their
use of ICT technology and their awareness of the importance of the issue.
The World e-Parliament Report 2008 also points out the "opportunities for
parliaments to benefit from cooperating at the regional and global levels in
the e-parliament domain. Existing and emerging parliamentary networks can
sustain some of these efforts, but a worldwide dialogue is becoming
increasingly essential. By offering coordinated support and training for
those parliaments with fewer resources, increasing the opportunities for
sharing expertise and software at a global level and providing greater
access to parliamentary information resources, parliaments will be better
positioned to fulfil citizens' legitimate expectations, achieve common goals
and advance the principles of the World Summit on the Information Society."
Parliaments are slow in going online, study shows (25.11.2008)
World e-Parliament Report 2008 - Executive summary
9. Recommended Action
Collective Redress: Commission seeks views on settling large scale consumer
The European Commission has published a Green Paper on Consumer Collective
Redress on how to facilitate redress in situations where large numbers of
consumers have been harmed by a single trader's practice which is in breach
of consumer law. Violations of consumer rules could include overcharging
consumers - through hidden charges or overbilling - misleading advertising
on websites, or failing to provide compulsory information on financial
products. These kinds of illegal practices, if they occur to a large number
of consumers, can cause considerable damage to consumers, generate unfair
competition and distort markets. The Green Paper identifies barriers to
effective consumer redress in terms of access, effectiveness and
affordability and presents various options to close the gaps identified. The
options set out in the Green Paper seek to ensure that consumers who are
victims of illegal commercial practices can get compensated for their
losses, while avoiding unfounded claims. Comments on the Green Paper can be
submitted until 1 March 2009.
The Green Paper on Consumer Collective Redress
10. Recommended Reading
EDPS sees adoption of Data Protection Framework for police and judicial
cooperation only as a first step
The European Commission has published its report on the recent consultation
on the review of the PSI Directive.
11. Agenda
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
6 December 2008, Berlin, Germany
Open Everything
9-10 December 2008, Madrid, Spain
Future Internet Assembly
10 December 2008, Skopje, Macedonia
Fourth International Conference e-Society.Mk.
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology and Society, Tilburg University
27-30 December 2008 Berlin, Germany
25C3: Nothing to hide
The 25th Chaos Communication Congress
16-17 January 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy & Data Protection conference
CPDP 2009: Data Protection in A Profiled World?
23 January 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
Communia Workshop - Public Broadcasting and Alternative Licensing -
Co-organized by the European Broadcasting Union and the Research Center for
Information Law at the University of St. Gallen (FIR-HSG)
28 January 2009, Europe-wide
3rd Data Protection Day
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
First proposals to be submitted by 1 February 2009
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-12-17 23:02:51
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 6.24, 17 December 2008 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.24, 17 December 2008
1. ECHR decided against the UK DNA Database
2. Wikipedia filtered by UK ISPs for cover album picture
3. ECHR rules on identifying serious privacy infringers
4. Romanian Authority asks ISPs to block 40 pornographic websites
5. Bulgarian Court annuls a vague article of the data retention law
6. Snooping law, "Lex Nokia", proceeding slowly but surely in Finland
7. German Federal Archives provides Wikipedia with 100 000 images
8. UK Government now in favour of the extension of the copyright term
9. Spanish collective society fined for making clandestine wedding video
10. ENDitorial: First FRA Conference on Fundamental Rights
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. ECHR decided against the UK DNA Database
On 4 December 2008, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) gave its
judgement in the Marper case related to the controversial National DNA
Database used by the UK Police for criminal investigations, stating the
retention of cellular samples, fingerprints and DNA profiles constitutes an
infringement of the right for private life as per Article 8 of the European
Convention on Human Rights.
The case was brought to court in 2004 by Michael Marper and a boy called "S"
who, in separate, unrelated cases, had been taken their DNA after having
been arrested. The charges were dropped in both cases but the UK police
refused to destroy the DNA samples of the two individuals on the basis of
the British law which allowed the retention of DNA and fingerprints.
ECHR based its decision on Article 8 of the European Convention on Human
Rights and decided that the indefinite retention by the UK Government and
Police of innocent people's DNA and fingerprints was illegal. "In
conclusion, the Court finds that the blanket and indiscriminate nature of
the powers of retention of the fingerprints, cellular samples and DNA
profiles of persons suspected but not convicted of offences, as
applied in the case of the present applicants, fails to strike a fair
balance between the competing public and private interests and that the
respondent State has overstepped any acceptable margin of appreciation in
this regard. Accordingly, the retention at issue constitutes
disproportionate interference with the applicants' right to respect for
private life and cannot be regarded as necessary in a democratic society."
The court dismissed all arguments brought by the UK Government, stating that
"England, Wales and Northern Ireland appear to be the only jurisdictions
within the Council of Europe to allow the indefinite retention of
fingerprint and DNA material of any person of any age suspected of any
recordable offence". One of the main concerns expressed by the court was
"the risk of stigmatisation, stemming from the fact that persons in the
position of the applicants, who have not been convicted of any offence and
are entitled to the presumption of innocence, are treated in the same way as
convicted persons," the ruling adding that especially the retention of
children's data following acquittal could be harmful, "given their special
situation and the importance of their development and integration in
Following this decision, the UK Government is expected to change its present
legislation which allows the police to retain samples of people who are not
According to reports, there are about 4.5 million samples presently stored
in UK DNA database, out of which more than 850 000 are from people
with no criminal record. The creation of a DNA database has been questioned
by many people. The Information Commissioners Office made a statement
last year on this issue warning on the dangers of such a database: "There
are significant risks associated with creating a universal database: it
would be highly intrusive, and the more information collected about us, the
greater the risk of false matches and other mistakes. The potential for
technical and human error leading to serious consequences cannot be under
Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve also warned on the dangers brought by
the fact that the database can be checked by EU member countries against
sensitive personal information. "There is a real risk that a
disproportionate number of innocent British citizens will be sucked into
foreign criminal investigations."
The House of Lords has passed an amendment to the Counter Terrorism Bill,
proposed on 4 November by Baroness Hanham that would force the Government
to show to people how they can have their samples removed from the database.
"This amendment would require the Secretary of State to draft and lay before
Parliament regulations governing the procedures by which people can discover
what information is held about them and under what circumstances a request
can be made by them to have samples taken during an investigation by the
police destroyed," said Baroness Hanham.
One possible approach of the UK Government, which would be accepted by ECHR,
could be that of Scotland police. According to the Scottish Criminal
Procedure Act, an individual's DNA samples and resulting profile must be
destroyed if the individual is not convicted or is granted an absolute
discharge. Biological samples and profiles may, however, be retained for
three years in case the respective person is suspected of certain sexual or
violent offences even if not convicted.
European Court of Human Rights - Grand Chamber Judgement - Case of S. and
Marper v. The United Kingdom (4.12.2008)
Innocent Britons 'may be branded criminals abroad' after Big Brother
databases agreement (15.12.2008)
S. and Michael Marper v. The United Kingdom (DNA Retention) (28.05.2008)
DNA retention policy breaches human rights, rules ECHR (4.12.2008)
Lords demand amendment to help the innocent get DNA off database (6.11.2008)
EDRi-gram: UK DNA database errors raise concerns (5.07.2007)
2. Wikipedia filtered by UK ISPs for cover album picture
Wikipedia administrators found on 5 December 2008 that six British ISPs were
filtering the access to their site, after Internet Watch Foundation (IWF)
had put the online encyclopedia on a child-pornography blacklist for its
article on Virgin Killer, the record album of the German band the Scorpions.
The action was taken following a report occurred on 4 December through IWF's
online reporting mechanism on the article which presents the album and its
original cover depicting a naked prepubescent girl. The cover was banned in
many countries and replaced by another cover when the album was issued in
IWF stated that "As with all potentially illegal online child sexual abuse
reports we receive, the image was assessed according to current UK
legislation and in accordance with the UK Sentencing Guidelines Council
(page 109). The content was considered to be a potentially illegal indecent
image of a child under the age of 18, hosted outside the UK. As such, in
accordance with IWF procedures, the specific webpage was added to the IWF
list. This list is provided to ISPs and other companies in the online sector
to help protect their customers from inadvertent exposure to potentially
illegal indecent images of children."
David Gerard, unofficial spokesman for Wikipedia UK, argued that
ISPs were blocking not only the image but the associated text of the
article. "Part of the problem lies in the fact that the IWF have not just
blocked the offending image, but have blocked the accompanying text as well.
We cannot be certain, but we suspect that had they stuck to their remit of
focussing on pictures, the problem might not have arisen."
In some cases, UK users could not edit Wikipedia pages, in others it seems
they could not view it at all. Moreover, because the six ISPs are routing
Wikipedia traffic through transparent proxies, an enormous amount of what
would appear to be Wikipedia editors seem to come from the same IP range. A
single IP may identify all Virgin Media users, which means that if Wikipedia
admins decided to ban one Virgin Media customer for inappropriate edits,
they might ban all Virgin Media customers. One of the messages received by
UK users read: "Wikipedia has been added to an Internet Watch Foundation UK
website blacklist, and your Internet service provider has decided to block
part of your access. Unfortunately, this also makes it impossible for us to
differentiate between different users, and block those abusing the site
without blocking other innocent people as well."
Although legally correct in classifying the cover album image as illegal in
UK under the Sexual Offences Act 2003, as the image does not link to sites
with similar material and is not hosted on such a site, IWF, which compiles
its blacklist manually, could have applied the Notice and Take-down
procedure in order not to disrupt other legitimate uses of Wikimedia.  On
the other hand, Wikipedia's editors, although not contacted or notified by
IWF or the ISPs, have considered the issue of taking the image down but
decided against it, considering this measure a form of censorship.
On 9 December, IWF Board announced that after considering the context of the
case and the fact that the image had existed for some time already and it
was also widely available, it had decided to remove this webpage from its
blacklist. Moreover: "Any further reported instances of this image which are
hosted abroad, will not be added to the list. Any further reported instances
of this image which are hosted in the UK will be assessed in line with IWF
The blacklist has also had results outside UK. In Finland, Teliasonera, a
large ISP, also censored the Wikipedia article. The reason given out was a
configuration error causing the ISP  to use the IWF censorship list in
addition to the police provided list.
Richard Clayton from EDRi-member FIPR-UK looked in depth on the technical
aspects of the censoring of Wikipedia to underline the fact that the IWF
chose to filter text pages on Wikipedia rather than just the images they
were concerned or that different capitalisations of URLs, the different
blocking technologies, and the different implementation timescales led to
considerable confusion as to who blocked what and when.
"Some of these matters could be described as "human error" and might be done
better in any re-run of these events with any of the other questionable
images hosted on Wikipedia (and many other mainstream sites). However, most
of the differences in the effectiveness of the attempted censorship stem
directly from diverse blocking system designs - and we can expect to see
them recur in future incidents. The bottom line is that these blocking
systems are fragile, easy to evade (even unintentionally), and little more
than a fig leaf to save the IWF's blushes in being so ineffective at getting
child abuse image websites removed in a timely manner" concludes Richard.
Brit ISPs censor Wikipedia over 'child porn' album cover (7.12.2008)
IWF statement regarding Wikipedia webpage (9.12.2008)
UK ISPS lock out Wikipedia in filtering error (7.12.2008)
Finnish internet censorship expanding: Wikipedia article censored
Technical aspects of the censoring of Wikipedia (11.12.2008)
3. ECHR rules on identifying serious privacy infringers
On 2 December 2008, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) gave its
judgement on the case K.U. v. Finland, considering that Article 8 of the
Convention asks for national laws that will protect people from serious
privacy infringements on the Internet, but at the same time demands a legal
framwork that permits the identification and prosecution of offenders,
respecting digital rights.
In this case brought to the ECHR an unknown person or persons placed an
advertisement on a dating site on the Internet in the name of the applicant,
who was 12 years old at the time, without his knowledge. The advertisement
mentioned his age and year of birth, gave a detailed description of his
physical characteristics, a link to the web page he had at the time which
showed his picture, as well as his telephone number, which was accurate save
for one digit. In the advertisement, it was claimed that he was looking for
an intimate relationship with a boy of his age or older "to show him the
way". The applicant became aware of the announcement on the Internet when
he received an e-mail from a man, offering to meet him and "then to see what
you want".
The applicant's father requested the police to identify the person who had
placed the advertisement in order to bring that person to court. The service
provider, however, refused to reveal the identity of the holder of the IP
address in question, considering itself bound by the confidentiality of
telecommunications as defined by law. The Finnish courts could not help the
father, considering that the law in force at that time provided for this
information to be revealed only in respect of the criminal offences.
Therefore the applicant asked the ECHR to judge if the fake ad did not
consitute a violation of his right to a private life under Art. 8 of the
ECHR and if he had not been denied an effective remedy for that violation
under Art. 13 ECHR.
The court held that Finland was in breach of its obligations under Article
8, because it didn't provide an effective criminal sanction for the
violation of the applicant's rights. Consequently the court did not continue
to consider the issue under Article 13.
The court considers that serious privacy infringements need to be considered
by the legal framework of the states: "While the choice of the means to
secure compliance with Article 8 in the sphere of protection against acts of
individuals is, in principle, within the State's margin of appreciation,
effective deterrence against grave acts, where fundamental values and
essential aspects of private life are at stake, requires efficient
criminal-law provisions ."
ECHR concludes by explaining that Article 8 should be interpreted in order
to provide the legal framework to identify wrongdoers and bring them to
justice, respecting the human rights on the Internet (freedom of expression
and confidentiality of communications):
"The Court considers that practical and effective protection of the
applicant required that effective steps be taken to identify and prosecute
the perpetrator, that is, the person who placed the advertisement. In the
instant case such protection was not afforded. An effective investigation
could never be launched because of an overriding requirement of
confidentiality. Although freedom of expression and confidentiality of
communications are primary considerations and users of telecommunications
and Internet services must have a guarantee that their own privacy and
freedom of expression will be respected, such guarantee cannot be absolute
and must yield on occasion to other legitimate imperatives, such as the
prevention of disorder or crime or the protection of the rights and freedoms
of others. "
TJ McIntyre from EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland is commenting on the
text that raises a number of questions on the practical implications of the
"The court points out that it is dealing with a "grave" criminal offence,
which leaves open the question of whether the reasoning would apply to less
serious offences or to civil matters only. It also limits itself to
requiring a national balancing framework between the rights of an alleged
victim and the general rights of privacy in communications and freedom of
expression - presumably within that framework states will enjoy a
significant margin of appreciation. On the other hand, it rejects the
argument that other systems (such as notice and takedown or intermediary
liability) can suffice, insisting instead on requiring identification of
users. It also focuses on the "ability of the victim to obtain financial
reparation", which seems to extend the reasoning to civil matters also."
Judgement Case of K.U. v. FINLAND (2.12.2008)
Identifying Individuals in Internet Iniquity: ECHR rules on naming
wrongdoers (2.12.2008)
K.U. v. Finland: No Data Retention Obligation (15.12.2008)
4. Romanian Authority asks ISPs to block 40 pornographic websites
The Romanian Authority for Communication (ANC) requested ISPs last week  to
block the access to 40 websites hosted in Romania, considering they don't
meet the criteria imposed by article 7 of Law no.196/2003 on preventing and
fighting pornography.
Article 7 of the law states that "the natural and legal persons creating
pornographic sites are obliged to password them, and the access to these
will be allowed only after paying a fee per using minute, established by the
creator of the site and declared at the fiscal bodies."
However, five years later after the law was adopted, no specific fee is
foreseen in any normative act.
According to the ANC press release, its investigation revealed that "these
websites, hosted in Romania, did not observe the legal requirements on
access granted by a password (in most cases, even the minimum warning on the
age of persons allowed to access them was absent) and did not request the
payment of a fee per minute of use."
ANC President Liviu Nistoran declared that the list would not be made
public, "to avoid encouraging their accessing in the following period;
however, we will ensure that the access to such websites is blocked."
Internet providers are obliged to block users' access to the respective
websites within 48 hours. Failure to block users' access is punishable by
fines applied by the Police ranging from 10 000 to 50 000 RON (approx.
2500 - 12500 Euro).
As revealed by online newspaper Hotnews, the list was copied from a
complaint submitted by a phisical person on 28 November that contained 46
websites. Until 2008 only nine complaints were received on this law and just
one website was blocked for a short period in 2005 (newspaper Atac).
A scanned version list sent to the ISPs became available online at the end
of last week on several blogs. The list contained a well-known User
Generated video-sharing website (220.ro) , another domain name was just a
redirect to a .com website and a lot of websites hosted on some free hosting
accounts based in Romania.
The owners of some blocked websites complained about the decision and stated
that they would take ANC to court since they were not informed by the
Authority about any problems related to their websites which comply to the
law. Since the blockage was made on the IP addresses, some websites just
changed their IP in order to become available again. It is also unclear how
a website could get off the list, since ANC claims there is no such
procedure in place.
But the blocking system caused other legal websites to be blocked as well,
with no official information on why this was happening. It is clear that
only part of the over 1000 ISPs in the country implemented the measure
requested by ANC, according the various reports from users from all over the
The measure to block access to websites via the ISPs was characterised by
EDRi-member APTI Romania and other national civil liberties groups and ISP
associations as a very dangerous measure and a direct attack to the freedom
of expression. They have asked in a public letter to ANC the immediate
revocation of the list, as an illegal and useless measure.
The civil society representatives explained to ANC there was a possibility,
under the e-commerce law, to ask the owners of the respective
web pages to comply with the law requirements by giving them an appropriate
period of time to do so or even to fine them directly, without appealing to
the ISPs for a illusory measure. They concluded that the present measure is
just a censorship act, without providing any benefits to the a Safer
Internet for children.
ANC Demands Blocking the Access to 40 Pornographic Websites (11.12.2008)
Telecom Referee asks blocking 40 pornographic websites. Only nine complaints
in the past 2 years (only in Romanian, 13.12.2008)
220.ro on the ANC blacklist (only in Romanian, 13.12.2008)
Number of visitors for 220.ro in the past days
Public letter to ANC - Blocking 40 websites for your safety ?! (17.12.2008)
Law on fighting and combatting pornography 196/2003
5. Bulgarian Court annuls a vague article of the data retention law
On 11 December 2008, the Bulgarian Supreme Administrative Court (SAC)
annulled article 5 of the national legislation that implements the Data
retention Directive, following a lawsuit initiated by Access to Information
Article 5 of the Bulgarian Regulation # 40 that was issued by the State
Agency on Information Technologies and Communication and the Ministry of
Interior provided for a "passive access through a computer terminal" by the
Ministry of Interior, as well as access without court permission by security
services and other law enforcement bodies, to all retained data by Internet
and mobile communication providers.
A five-member panel of the SAC annulled the article, considering that the
provision did not set any limitations with regard to the data access by a
computer terminal and did not provide for any guarantees for the protection
of the right to privacy stipulated by Art. 32, Para. 1 of the Bulgarian
Constitution. No mechanism was established for the respect of the
constitutionally granted right of protection against unlawful interference
in one's private or family affairs and against encroachments on one's
honour, dignity and reputation.
The court also found that the text of Art. 5 of the Regulation
providing that the investigative bodies, prosecutor's office and the court
shall be granted access to retained data "for the needs of the criminal
process," the security services - "for the needs of the national security",
does not provide limits against violations of constitutionally granted
rights of the citizens. Reference to specialized laws - such as Penal
Procedure Code, Special Surveillance Means Act, Personal Data Protection
Act, which specify conditions under which access to personal data shall be
granted, was not provided either.
Furthermore, according to the court, Art. 5 of the Regulation contradicts
the provision of Art. 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
The court emphasises that national legal norms shall comply with the
established principle and shall introduce comprehensible and well formulated
grounds for both access to the personal data of citizens and the procedures
for their retention. Article 5 of the Regulation lacks clarity in terms of
protection of the right to private and family life which contradicts the
provision of Art. 8 of the ECHR, the texts of the Directive 2006/24/EC, and
Art. 32 and 34 of the Bulgarian Constitution.
The decision or this court comes after an initial rejection of the demand by
a first court panel on 17 July 2008. This is final and can't be appealled to
higher competent courts of justice.
The Bulgarian Supreme Administrative Court (SAC) repealed a provision of the
Data Retention in the Internet Regulation (11.12.2008)
Data Retention on the Internet - Legal Action by Access to Information
Programme in Bulgaria - 2008
Supreme Administrative Court issues a good decision for the Bulgarian
Internet (11.12.2008)
(Thanks to Veni Markovski - EDRi-member ISOC Bulgaria)
6. Snooping law, "Lex Nokia", proceeding slowly but surely in Finland
Earlier this year, in April, the Government of Finland presented a bill
to the Parliament for an amendment to the Act on Data Protection of
Electronic Communications. Raison d'jtre for the bill officially is that
it would allow employers to investigate the log data of employees'
e-mails, if the company has reason to suspect that corporate secrets are
leaking out of the company or that the employer's communication networks
are being misused. The employer would not be allowed to read the content
of the messages themselves, however. The bill has been dubbed "Lex
Nokia" because it was sparked in 2006 by an announcement by prosecutor
Jukka Haavisto that Nokia had been illegally monitoring contact
information of its employees' e-mail in 2000 to 2001.
The public discussion about the proposed legislation has largely focused on
the official need for the law. However, the bill in itself does not
contain limitations restricting the snooping only to email logs, nor
only to employers. The law is vague, and can be interpreted to cover
nearly any IP-based telecommunication and in addition to companies, it
also covers some "corporate subscribers", for example universities.
In spite of legal expert statements that the government's proposal
violates the Finnish constitution, Constitutional Law Committee stated
that the bill is not unconstitutional and that it can be passed as a
regular law. Unlike many other countries, Finland does not have a
Constitutional Court, instead a parliamentary committee investigates .
The right to confidential communication is a fundamental right
guaranteed under the Finnish constitution, as well as by the European
treaty on human rights. The Chancellor of Justice and several law
professors have expressed concerns that Lex Nokia unnecessarily weakens
these fundamental rights, while giving corporations excessive leeway. In
effect, companies would have a higher authority to snoop on employees than
the police have, and they would be able to do so without obtaining a
The measure was originally expected to come before the full Parliament
for a vote in mid-December, but it did not pass through the Transport
and Communications Committee as quickly as expected. The committee
proposed some minor changes to the law, and three dissenting minority
opinions were included in the statement. However, passage of the bill is
nearly certain, as the government parties have agreed on the matter.
The Constitution of Finland (31.07.1999)
"Lex Nokia" gets blessing from Constitutional Law Committee (14.11.2008)
Legal experts say "Lex Nokia" violates constitution (20.11.2008)
Chancellor of Justice criticises controversial proposal for "Lex Nokia"
(Contribution by Leena Romppainen - EDRi-member Electronic Frontier
Finland )
7. German Federal Archives provides Wikipedia with 100 000 images
The German Federal Archives has donated almost 100 000 images to the
Wikimedia Commons, as part of a cooperation between Wikimedia Germany and
the Federal Archive. These images are mostly related to the history of
Germany (including the Weimar Republic, the German colonial era, the Third
Reich and Germany after reunification).
All the images are licensed Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 3.0
Germany License (CC-BY-SA). Wikimedia Germany and the Federal Archive have
signed a cooperation agreement that, among other things, asserts that the
Federal Archive owns sufficient rights to be able to grant this kind of
This is estimated to be the largest donation ever received by Wikimedia
Commons, that is today a database of over 3 million media files.
The other part of the cooperation is a tool for linking people from a list
compiled by the Federal Archive to the German Wikipedia Persondata and to
the person authority file of the German National Library (something German
Wikipedia has already been doing since 2005).
Angelika Menne-Haritz, vice-president of the Federal Archives in Berlin said
that the public had a right to access the photos and the deal with Wikipedia
would facilitate public access to the material.
Commons:Bundesarchiv (4.12.2008)
Interview: Cooperation between BundesArchive and Wikimedia (only in German,
Wikipedia Receives German Pictorial History (6.12.2008)
8. UK Government now in favour of the extension of the copyright term
At UK Music's Creators' Conference on 1 December 2008, Culture Minister Andy
Burnham announced the backing of the UK Government to extending the
copyright term for sound recordings to 70 years.
The decision goes against the recommendations of Andrew Gowers, whose 2006
review of copyright is in favour of keeping copyright at 50 years. It is
however more in line with the proposals made in February 2008 by EC Internal
Markets commissioner Charlie McCreevy to increase the term of protection to
95 years.
Presently, the revenues from a sound recording goes to the musicians who
performed on the recording and to the owners of the recording. Burnham
clearly supports the former and called on the music business to make sure
the measure benefits musicians and not the industry big companies. "We want
the industry to come back with good, workable ideas as to how a proposal on
copyright extension might be framed that directly and predominantly benefits
performers - both session and featured musicians," he declared.
The EC proposition adopted on 16 July 2008 introduces the extension of the
term not only for the performers but also for the producers. The proposal
has been largely opposed, many arguing that the copyright extension will be
detrimental to innovation and creativity and that other measures would be
more appropriate and efficient to support aging performers.
The extension of the copyright term was also discussed on 2-3 December 2008
in the Competitiveness Council that backed the Progress report adopted at
the end of November. The report states that the extension of the term to 95
years is considered by some Member States as too long, doubting the capacity
of the proposal to reach its objective in a satisfactory and balanced way.
However, some of these Member States might accept a more moderate extension.
As a response to concerns expressed by some of the Member States that the
measure might be discriminatory if only applied to the music sector, the
presidency of the Council proposed that the extended term should cover
audiovisual performers as well.
Concerning the right of session musicians to claim additional annual
remuneration and the performers' option to recuperate their rights in the
absence of exploitation by the phonogram producer, the presidency has
proposed that such rights might not be waived and the "use it or lose it"
clause for copyright - where the ownership of forgotten recordings reverts
to the performer - cannot be renounced by performers. Discussion on the
topic should continue.
As to the question of the harmonisation of the method of calculating the
term of protection of musical compositions with words, the Presidency
suggested the limitation of the scope to musical compositions and lyrics
specifically created to constitute a musical composition with words. The
question of the period of application is still to be settled.
The draft Directive is also considered within the European Parliament. The
non-leading Committee for Internal Market and Consumer Protection (IMCO)
adopted the Emmanouil Angelakas' (EPP-ED - Greece) draft opinion on 2
December 2008. Just a few amendments were adopted, among them the
application of the extended term of protection (95 years) not only to music
performers but also to audiovisual performers.
On 19 January 2009, the Legal Affairs Committee is expected to adopt its
report and the Parliament will vote on the proposal in plenary on 18
February 2009.
Government signals extension to copyright term (11.12.2008)
Music copyright extension - strings attached (12.12.2008)
The Council of Europe Presidency PROGRESS REPORT - Proposal for a Directive
of the European Parliament and of the Council Directive amending Directive
2006/116/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the term of
protection of copyright and related rights (26.11.2008)
Press release - 2910th meeting of the Council - Competitiveness (internal
market, industry and research) (1-2.12.2008)
EDRigram - Extension of the copyright term for performers and record
producers (30.07.2008)
9. Spanish collective society fined for making clandestine wedding video
The Spanish General Society of Authors and Editors (SGAE) has been fined for
having placed a private detective in a restaurant in Seville, in 2005, to
film a wedding in order to prove that the restaurant was using music for
which it had paid no royalties.
The court in Seville where the action was heard found that the video
presented by SGAE as proof against the restaurant was inadmissible because
it was "a clear violation of the constitutional rights to a person's own
image" and it was in breach of the privacy of the couple because it had been
taken clandestinely. The law requires the "unequivocal consent of the
affected person" in the treatment of his (her) personal data.
The society was given a 60 101 euro fine, imposed by the Spanish Data
Protection Agency.
The case has brought up the fact that using private detectives to
clandestinely check weddings in search of copyright infringements is a
common practice for SGAE. "Using private detectives to investigate fraud is
common. We will carry on doing it" said Pedro Farre, SGAE Director.
Concerning the fact that its detectives acted clandestinely he stated:
"There are times when in order to protect the legal good such type of proofs
are necessary".
The court also decided that the detective had breached the law of private
safety which forbids this type of professionals to use in their
investigations "technical means that may infringe the right to honour,
intimacy and the right to one's own image". Although SGAE argued that it did
not specify to the detective what means to use in his investigation and that
filming does not imply the generation of a personal data file, the court
decision considered the video as belonging to the personal data category.
According to the law, personal data is "all numerical, alphabetical,
graphic, photographic, acoustic or any other type of information susceptible
of being collected, processed or transmitted referring to an identified or
identifiable natural person" as was the case of the wedded couple.
The restaurant was however fined 43 179 euro for having used music without
paying copyright fees on the basis of other proofs.
Farri declared that the Society was going to consider whether to appeal the
Secret wedding video ruling is music to ears of privacy groups (15.12.2008)
SGAE will have to pay 60.101 for recording a wedding without
authorization(only in Spanish, 8.12.2008)
SGAE will have to pay a 60.000 euros fine for recording a wedding without
permission (only in Spanish, 7.12.2008)
10. ENDitorial: First FRA Conference on Fundamental Rights
On 8 and 9 December 2008, the EU Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA) held
its first Fundamental Rights Conference in Paris. The event examined key
issues and challenges related to the freedom of expression. The conference
coincided with the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights and was co-organised by the French Ministry of Justice.
In his welcoming speech, Jacques Barrot, the Vice-President of the European
Commission and Commissioner for Justice Freedom and Security, stressed out
the fact that pluralism was a condition sine qua non for freedom of
expression, but that there had to be limits in cases when the right to live
was affected. Hatred, racism and xenophobia cannot be accepted therefore, a
balance of competing rights has to be found. During his speech, Mr. Barrot
also announced that a Europol unit for tracking "dangerous websites" would
be set up in 2009.
Janez Lenarcic, the Director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and
Human Rights (ODIHR) of the OECD, pointed out the differences in the legal
systems of the OECD member states. What in some countries is considered to
be part of the freedom of expression in other countries it can be considered
to be a hate crime. Furthermore, in some countries ofthe OECD area, that he
described as Potjomkin democracies,there are Human Rights problems.
Also, the representatives of the Council of Europe, Margaret Killerby,
representing the Secretary General, and Ulrika Sundberg,  representing the
Commissioner for Human rights, stated that anti-terror legislation had a
negative impact on the freedom of expression and that these measures on one
side and human rights on the other had to be carefully balanced. In the area
of the Council of Europe, journalists still face violence for practising
their right to freedom of expression. Also their right to receive
information anonymously from anyone is often challenged and has to be
In her Keynote speech, the French journalist Florence Aubenas stressed the
fact that freedom of expression is not only challenged in distant countries
of the CoE and OECD but that this is as well an issue in France. In a recent
ranking of countries regarding freedom of expression that was published by
Reporters without Borders, France was only ranked 45. A clear sign that the
influence of the state over the media is present today in France.
During the rest of the conference, five working groups were established,
covering some important aspects of the freedom of expression.
The working group on challenges to freedom of expression very much focussed
on the challenges media and journalists face today. Problems with influences
from states and commerce were discussed as well as challenges emerging from
the discussion fora of online media and the increased publishing
possibilities for the average citizen on the Internet.
FRA Fundamental Rights Conference
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
11. Recommended Reading
A new ENISA report explains the risks of Web 2.0 - photo sharing, wikis,
social bookmarking and social networking - and "malware 2.0", a new breed of
web-borne infections you can catch just by visiting a web page and gives
advice to tackle them.
12. Agenda
27-30 December 2008 Berlin, Germany
25C3: Nothing to hide
The 25th Chaos Communication Congress
16-17 January 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy & Data Protection conference
CPDP 2009: Data Protection in A Profiled World?
28 January 2009, Europe-wide
3rd Data Protection Day
7-8 February 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Free and Open source Software Developers' European Meeting (FOSDEM)
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
27-29 March 2009, Manchaster, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property" An International Interdisciplinary
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
Proposal Submissions by 9 January 2009
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
Call for papers by 15 January 2009
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
First proposals to be submitted by 1 February 2009
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
Call for papers by 27 February 2009
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-02-13 20:25:21
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.3, 13 February 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.3, 13 February 2008
1. Biometric data from non-EU travellers
2. PirateBay - blocked in Denmark
3. Internet-related privacy issues on the EU institutions' agenda
4. Microsoft's actions investigated again by the European Commission
5. Finnish e-voting system must not stay a trade secret
6. France's gendarmerie goes for open source software
7. Europe spams more than the US
8. Wales said no to ID cards
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Biometric data from non-EU travellers
A set of new measures including biometric data from non-EU travellers are
being proposed these days by the European Commission (EC). The proposals,
drafted by Franco Frattini, the European Commissioner for Justice, Freedom
and Security, are being put forward by the EC, arguing that the cross-border
policy has to be revised to face the new challenges related to terrorism,
organised crime and illegal migration.
The package proposes the creation of an entry/exit register of non-European
visitors to the EU bloc that will record the dates of entry and exit of each
non-EU individual admitted to the Schengen visa-free area using biometric
identifiers. In cases when a person's visa has expired, an alert can be
issued to all national authorities.
A second measure would be the introduction of a European Border Surveillance
System that will use satellites and unmanned aircraft to check on the non-UE
travellers on a short-stay visa and to track the movements of suspected
illegal migrants. The system is already under construction and may be
operational by 2012.
The proposals include the setting up of a system requiring travellers from
countries with a visa requirement to provide biometric data at European
consulates in their country. Those arriving from countries that are not
required visas, such as the United States, will have to submit fingerprints
and a digitalized facial image. The EC will encourage member states to
introduce "automated border-crossing checks" which will include new
biometric technologies such as eye scanners.
The system should, however, allow EU citizens and "low risk" frequent
travellers from outside the bloc to pass through automated checkpoints
granting them a status of "registered traveller" being thus able to have
their biometric travel documents scanned and checked by machines.
Non-Europeans could obtain the fast-track status on condition they have not
previously overstayed their visas, have enough funds to pay for their stay
in Europe and have a biometric passport. All non-European individuals will
have to make an electronic application before travelling to the Schengen
area, allowing them to be checked against anti-terror databases in advance.
The proposals also suggest a better use of Frontex, the EU's border control
agency, especially by means of "intensified" joint operations between member
states at sea borders.
Privacy advocates, lawmakers and even police representatives criticise the
proposals considering the EU is piling up databases without an overall
strategy or a clear vision and believing the EC is only trying to copy the
United States in their practice to scan fingerprints and pictures of
travellers. "It's boys with toys. They want to have the toys the Americans
have," said Gus Hosein from Privacy International.
"It is not good to have a proliferation of databases without a clear vision
(...) The link between them is unclear and leads to gaps" also said Jan
Velleman, a spokesman for Eurocop, a European police union.
Tony Bunyan, Statewatch editor, comments: "Let us be clear about the effect
of these three proposals. Everyone - citizens and visitors - travelling in
and out of the EU is going placed under surveillance, have to get permission
to enter and checked against national watch-lists whose scope is unknown,
with data transferred to unspecified agencies in the EU and outside and
records of movements held for years."
According to Meryem Marzouki, EDRI board member: "These plans add a
new wall to the European Fortress, as they consider any migrant as a
potential criminal. This entry/exit system will lead to increased
surveillance and social control at national level as soon as an alert
will be issued after visa expiration without exit. Europe is on its
way towards a totalitarian society. As long as there is not adequate
data protection under third pillar, there would be no limit to such
Roscam Abbing from the Commission said that according to the reaction of the
EU lawmakers and governments, a legislative proposal will follow but did not
make any statements on when the systems would come into force and refrained
from commenting upon criticisms to the lack of EU strategy in dealing with
sensitive databases.
It is not clear whether Britain, Ireland and Cyprus which are not members of
Schengen area, will adopt the program. All proposed measures could then
enter into force between 2012 and 2015.
Proposed shake up of EU security includes call for fingerprinting all
visitors (13.02.2008)
EU plans to require biometrics of all non-European visitors (10.02.2008)
New EU fingerprint scheme fans privacy concerns (10.02.2008)
Brussels to tighten EU external borders (6.02.2008)
EU to announce fingerprinting for all visitors (12.02.2008)
2. PirateBay - blocked in Denmark
Following a complaint by IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic
Industry), a Danish bailiff court issued on 4 February 2008 an injunction
ordering Tele2, one of the major ISPs in Denmark, to block the access to the
PirateBay domains.
IFPI asked the court for this injunction because most of the materials
referred on PirateBay are copyrighted and the exchange of these materials
between PirateBay users is illegal. IFPI considered that Tele2 was not
directly liable for the illegal copying, but was contributing to it, by
making temporary copies of torrent files.
Tele2 has been complying with the injunction so far by DNS filtering (same
method as used in the child pornography filters and AllOfMp3), but is
determined to fight against the injunction in the upper court in two weeks
Niels Elgaard Larsen from the IT-Political Association of Denmark explained
the situation for EDRi-gram:
"We see a slippery slope. Blocking of first child porn, then a non-EU
(Russian) site with alleged illegal music (AllOfMp3), and now a search
engine inside the EU. Elsewhere in EU we hear politicians that want to block
recipes for explosives, ads for non-taxed gambling, etc.
This is not about music and movies at piratebay or anywhere else. This is
about making ISP's policing the content flowing through their networks. It
is about freedom on the internet. Do we want an open or a closed internet ?"
But the injunction seema to have no direct effect on PirateBay website,
that announces an increase by 12% of the number of visits from Denmark.
According to their blog the website "is growing more because of the media
attention than people actually coming to learn how to bypass the filter -
our guess is that a lot of the users on the site now run OpenDNS instead of
the censoring DNS at Tele2.dk."
However, the court cases against the popular torrent tracker are not over.
PirateBay is preparing for a long trial starting this spring following the
2006 seizure of their servers and 20 months of investigation. According to
the Prosecutor Hakan Roswall, the website was commercially exploiting
copyright-protected work because it was financed through advertising
Piratebay expects the trial to last for years, especially because the
decision in this case will be appealed by one of the parties. They also
claim that this will not affect at all their activity.
After it has been claimed that PirateBay is supporting trackers with child
pornography, the website owners announced that they were collaborating with
the Police officers to teach them "how to actually download stuff using the
BT protocol. The police has actually been very open and frank with us about
their technical difficulties and asking for help is the best solutions for
all parties."
Bailiff Court Decision (only in Danish, 4.02.2008)
Danish ISP shuts access to file-sharing Pirate Bay (4.02.2008)
Denmark, first look (8.02.2008)
Pirate Bay hit with legal action (31.01.2008)
Prepare for mudwrestling (6.02.2008)
3. Internet-related privacy issues on the EU institutions' agenda
The privacy problems created by the Internet and other new technologies such
as RFID have an important place on the agenda of the European
institutions that seem to be more anxious than ever to tackle those issues.
The hearing at the European Parliament's Civil Liberties Committee reported
in the last EDRi-gram seems to be only the top of the iceberg.
Article 29 working party will discuss at the next meeting, on 18 February
2008, the highly sensitive topic of privacy & search engines, and it is
probable to adopt an Opinion on this topic.
But the views of the Working party's members are already public, after the
last month meeting at the European Parliament. Moreover, Peter Schaar,
Germany's Federal Data Protection Commissioner and Chairman of the Article
29 working party, made some straightforward comments to Financial Times,
explaining that the cookie and search data retention period is too long :
"For me personally it still seems rather long, and I could imagine I am not
He underlined the fact that IP addresses are considered as personal
information according to the EU legislation and dismissed security concerns
as a reason to keep data: "I cannot imagine that it is necessary to store
data such as IP addresses for security reasons. What is the security threat?
Security purposes don't justify the long-term storage of this data."
Other national data protection agencies are looking into more privacy
aspects of computer usage. The Spanish Data Protection defined last year the
filtering of information for purposes other than virus and spam protection
as "not in conformity with Spanish law". Also Article 29 Working Party plans
to investigate targeted advertising, which could cause problems for Google
or Yahoo.
The European Commission is also working on a document on RFID policy, that
will include the privacy aspects, based on the discussions in the RFID
working group. It is not clear yet if the document will be a binding
regulation or recommendation.
EurActiv website points that the Commission will publish, in the next weeks,
a new EU survey that shows "an overwhelming majority considers public
awareness about privacy and data management to be low, but at the same time
almost 75% of respondents say they are worried about leaving personal
information on the Internet."
Apparently the Commission expects these results and is looking at
increasing the funding for awareness-raising campaigns and technologies
which improve privacy protection.
EU targets online privacy fears (11.02.2008)
EU mulls new measures to protect privacy on the Web (7.02.2008)
EDRi-gram: European Parliament hearing on Internet privacy issues
4. Microsoft's actions investigated again by the European Commission
The European Commission has recently extended its formal probes launched on
14 January 2008 against Microsoft in two cases where it has been alleged
that the multinational firm had abused its dominant market position.
The first case was brought by a complaint from web browser Opera, which
complained that the tying of Microsoft's Internet Explorer to its Windows
operating system was anti-competitive.
The second case under investigation was the complaint filed by the European
Committee for Interoperable Systems for the Microsoft's refusal to disclose
interoperability information on some Microsoft server products, Office and
NET Framework. In relation to this case the Commission also intends to
verify Office Open XML (OOXML) file format for not working with its
competitors' specifications.
In the latter case, the Commission will also check possible influence of the
the votes by the company during the ISO standardization process for the
OOXML document format. The Commission has asked Microsoft to provide
information about its activities during the process wanting to know whether
the software firm has put pressure on committees in various countries to
ratify OOXML as a standard.
ISO members refused to adopt OOXML in September of 2007 and Microsoft was
asked to make improvements before the final vote that will take place at the
end of February 2008 in Geneva. The Association for a Free Information
Infrastructure had revealed, even before the September vote that there were
some irregularities in the Microsoft's participation in the committees,
calling for the ceasing of the standardization process. Among other charges,
Microsoft is suspected of having bought votes in Sweden, of hindering the
participation of the competition by limiting the number of seats and by
"hijacking" standardization committees in some countries, including the US,
Mexico and Columbia.
EU looks into Microsoft's influence on ISO standardization process
EU investigates Microsoft's OOXML campaign (08.02.2008)
Microsoft faces additional European antitrust probe (08.02.2008)
EDRi-gram: Opera complains to the EC on Microsoft's Internet Explorer
EDRi-gram: Reactions on the ISO voting procedures (12.09.2007)
5. Finnish e-voting system must not stay a trade secret
A member of Electronic Frontier Finland (Effi), a Finnish association for
promoting digital rights and member of EDRi, has recently sent a request of
information to the Finnish Ministry of Justice regarding their planned
e-voting system. The system will be piloted in the municipal elections
during October 2008 and it is based on a DRE (Direct Recording Electronic)
type e-voting system from TietoEnator Finland and a Spanish back-end
provider, Scytl.
In their response, the Ministry of Justice states that, based on the Act on
the Openness of Government Activities, the documentation that has been
written concerning the specific details of the e-voting system has to be
kept secret on the Documents that have to be kept secret
include documents related to the information security of the system
and documents that contain information about the trade secrets of a
private company, in this case, the systems provider.
Effi's analysis of the system is only based on high-level documents
provided by the Ministry of Justice and a U.S. patent that has
been granted to Scytl, and is assumed to form the basis of the Finnish
e-voting system core. According to this analysis, the system will
not utilise any voter-verified paper ballot system or even the
electronic receipt system that is detailed in the Scytl patent.
The current, traditional Finnish elections feature a widely
distributed ballot counting process, which is carried out manually and
collectively by the representatives of the competing parties at each
polling station. The results of each polling station are individually
published, providing the representatives with the possibility to
cross-check that the votes at their polling station have been
correctly tallied. The ballots are then separately counted again,
independently of the original count, and archived in case of
further recounts being deemed necessary. The system is quite fast,
providing results in a matter of hours from the whole country, easy to
understand, and very resilient.
The e-voting system as currently proposed would make recounts that
would be independent of the electronic system impossible. It would
also make it possible for a much smaller team of individuals to alter
the election results, as the software, which counts the ballots, is
not public. Since Effi's original press release, the Ministry of
Justice has unveiled a plan to contract an audit of the software from
the University of Turku in Finland, but this effort seem to be rather
under-resourced when compared to US e-voting system audits,
and is likely to just scratch the surface.
As a counterexample, thirty US states have already made the
voter-verified paper ballot a mandatory part of electronic voting.
For some reason, the Finnish Ministry of Justice has not seen this as
a requirement for the all-electronic voting system in Finland.
Ministry of Justice response to a member of Electronic Frontier Finland
(only in Finnish, 23.01.2008)
E-Voting pilot: Technical implementation and information security (only in
Finnish, 20.06.2007)
Verified voting (28.01.2008)
Effi: Voting systems must not be trade secrets. (only in Finnish,
Municipal elections 2008: Electronic voting in three municipalities. Press
release from Ministry of Justice (8.02.2008)
Web demonstrator and an informational page for the e-voting
system (only in Finnish, 11.02.2008)
(Contribution by EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland)
6. France's gendarmerie goes for open source software
The Gendarmerie, France's largest administrative body, intends to change in
the next years the operating system of 70 000 workstations presently running
on Windows XP to Ubuntu.
This is a movement that continues the French Government's efforts to promote
migration to open source for some years now. The Gendarmerie had already
adopted OpenOffice.org and Firefox, the French National Assembly has also
recently switched 1100 computers to Linux and the Ministry of
Agriculture has started the migration from Windows at the end of 2006.
The French Government's plans to migrate to open source was based on a study
by technology services company Atos Origin, that: "showed that open-source
software will from now on offer functionality adapted to the needs of MPs
and will allow us to make substantial savings
despite the associated migration and training costs" as was the Parliament's
statement in 2006.
The reasons for switching to open source software, besides the cost
reductions, included a better control of security functions and a greater
independence from the software vendors.
France's gendarmerie switches to Linux (31.01.2008)
The French Gendarmerie throws Windows away (only in French, 31.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: France Parliament shifts to open source software (6.12.2006)
7. Europe spams more than the US
According to security vendor Symantec, a shift has taken place in the weight
of the spam networks, the European ones having created more unsolicited
e-mail than those in the US lately. Thus, approximately 44 per cent of all
spam messages are originated from Europe as compared to 35.1 per cent
originated from the US.
In the opinion of one of Symantec's European product marketing managers,
Fredrik Sjostedt, the advantage taken by European spammers is due to the
large penetration of broadband. "Historically the majority of spammers were
U.S.-based, but now we're seeing a lot of Eastern European and Russian spam
gangs active (.) We've moved away from traditional, individual spammers, to
loosely tied groups of spam senders, malware coders, and people selling
access to botnets," said Sjostedt.
The reports also show a very high increase of spamming during the holiday
time in December, reaching up to 93 million spam messages. Kelly Conley,
Symnatec enterprise security group manager, wrote on its security response
blog that, for the holidays, the spammers had changed their techniques by
inserting seasonal oriented keywords into URLs, subject lines and embedded
images within their messages.
Other spam trends reported for the past month are the offering of rapidly
dealing with visa problems in Europe or bio-fuel offers.
Europe still top source of spam (6.02.2008)
EU overtakes US in spam spewing stakes (6.02.2008)
8. Wales said no to ID cards
Welsh Assembly Government proposal for a "smart card" to be used to access
public services in Wales was considered by civil liberties groups as a way
of introducing identity cards "through the back door" and was rejected by
the Liberal Democrats supported by the Labour Party members as well.
The Government has claimed that the card was aimed at improving the way
people use library and travel services but Suw Charman, founder of the
EDRi-member Open Rights Group, considers the scheme as "pointless". "I
haven't seen an argument about what's wrong with the existing cards. (...)
Why do we need to put all this information on one smart card that's going to
keep a log on what people do and where they go? It's treating people like
criminals" was her statement to BBC.
Concerns were also expressed in relation to the smart cards holding too much
information especially in the light of the numerous incidents of data losses
in UK during the last two years. Peter Black, social justice spokesperson
stated: "We have already seen that Government cannot be trusted with our
private data. If that database were also to include details of our medical
treatment, our use of local government services and our education records
then not only would our entire lives be an open book to anybody with a
suitable card reader, but the risk of identity theft and fraud would be
magnified many times. We cannot take that risk. (...) The frightening
prospect of a draconian future rears in front of us wherein hospitals,
police stations and social security offices across Britain, electronic
readers will connect scanned cards to a massive central database in order to
prove the identities of card-bearers."
Mike German, leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats expressed the
satisfaction that the Assembly was unanimous in its position sending "a
strong message to your (Labour) colleagues in London that ID cards are not
welcome in Wales". He added that "ID cards are an excuse for the state to
meddle in peoples' lives. They are an unwarranted intrusion in our lives.
They won't combat terrorism and fraud, because we've seen in other countries
these crimes still exist".
Rights attack on smart card plan (6.02.2008)
ID cards not welcome in Wales (16.01.2008)
9. Recommended Reading
Statewatch launches new SEMDOC website providing comprehensive information
about EU Justice and Home Affairs policy. Statewatch has been systematically
monitoring and documenting the development of EU Justice and Home Affairs
(JHA) policy since 1991. The Statewatch European Monitoring and
Documentation Centre on Justice and Home Affairs in the European Union seeks
to increase public understanding and debate about JHA policy through the
provision of comprehensive information about adopted and proposed
Reporters Without Borders Annual Report 2008 - The plight of journalists in
98 countries reviewed.
Reporters Without Borders criticises lack of public commitment to press
freedom and fears anti-media violence in coming months.
Annual report 2008
10. Agenda
14 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
eIdentity workshop
23-24 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
Research Room @ FOSDEM: Libre software communities meet research community -
Introducing Research Friendly
10-12 March 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights: Sixteenth Session
15 March 2008, London, UK
OKCon 2008 - Open Knowledge: Applications, Tools and Services
19 March 2008, London, UK
Musicians, fans and online copyright
2-4 April 2008, Berlin, Germany
re:publica - The Critical Mass
10-12 April 2008, Amsterdam & Hilversum, Netherlands
Economies of the Commons - Strategies for Sustainable Access and Creative
Reuse of Images and Sounds Online
International Working Conference
28-29 April 2008, Vienna, Austria
PRISE Final Conference -Towards privacy enhancing security technologies -
the next steps
15-17 May 2008, Ljubljana, Slovenia
EURAM Conference 2008 - Track "Creating Value Through Digital Commons"
How collective management of IPRs, open innovation models, and digital
communities shape the industrial dynamics in the XXI century.
30-31 May 2008, Bucharest, Romania
eLiberatica 2008 - The benefits of Open and Free Technologies
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-01-16 21:49:42
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.1, 16 January 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.1, 16 January 2008
1. German data retention act challenged
2. EC public consultation of Creative Content Online
3. European Data Protection Supervisor's opinion on RFID
4. UK MPs want tough data protection
5. PI: Leading surveillance societies in the EU and the World 2007
6. Inclusive E-government in Western Balkans
7. UK Government continues to pressure ISPs for Internet filtering
8. ELOI - a French database to manage the expulsion of illegal migrants
9. European Commission closes enquiry on Apple
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. German data retention act challenged
Just five days after the German President Horst Kvhler approved the German
data retention law that entered into force on 1 January 2008, the German
Working group on data retention (Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung)
challenged the law in the Federal German Constitutional Court.
The complaint was filed with the Court on 31 December 2007 and, for the
first time in the German history, it was backed by 30 000 complainants. The
150-page notice of appeal requested an immediate suspension of the law on
the grounds of "apparent unconstitutionality".
The Working Group explains that the appeal is substantiated by the fear that
general data retention might severely disrupt free communication in Germany
by treating each and every citizen as a potential delinquent.
"According to the complaint, the pervasive logging of communication patterns
without reasonable suspicion resembled a serious encroachment upon the basic
values of constitutional legality. On the other hand, it would compromise
the working basis of professionals such as journalists and criminal
prosecutors as well as that of charitable services like crisis lines - all
of which relied greatly on the anonymity of both whistle-blowers and people
in need. In the future, sensitive contacts and communication would either
have to be conducted in person and face-to-face or would have to be
abandoned altogether."
The Group is also publishing guidelines and recommendations for safeguarding
individuals against the obligatory logging of all telecommunications
effective as of 2008.
The constitutional action was backed by protests in several cities in
Germany on 31 December 2007 against the new data retention legislation. In
Hamburg the critics held a mock funeral for "the death of privacy."
Some of the German ISPs that need to comply with the law by 2009, are also
relying of the constitutional challenge to succeed. Frank Simon, managing
director of Oldburg-based Ecce Terram explained to Heise: "I reckon the
Federal Constitutional Court will overturn the law this year or ask the
criminal prosecution authority to suspend it because the music and film
industries will overload them with so many complaints that the hunt for
terrorists and child pornographers will be seriously hampered."
Constitutional complaint filed against German Telecomms Data Retention Act
In German
Germans File Mass Lawsuit Against Sweeping Data Retention Law (31.12.2007)
Data retention: ISPs rely on constitutional appeals and exception rules
EDRi-gram: German Parliament adopted the data retention law (21.11.2007)
EDRi-gram: Largest anti-surveillance street protest in Germany for 20 years
2. EC public consultation of Creative Content Online
On 3 January 2008, the European Commission (EC) launched a public
consultation for the preparation of a recommendation on Creative Content
Online to be adopted by the European Parliament and Council that calls
for a common legal environment for online content, proposing multi-territory
In the opinion of the European Commission, EU policies should support the
rapid implementation of "new services and related business models for the
creation and circulation of European content and knowledge online."
As a result of the public consultation on "Content Online in the Single
Market" launched by the EC in July 2006, there were several calls for the
encouragement of the cooperation between industry, right holders and
consumers on issues such as DRMs or Content Online as well as for financial
support and promotion of DRMs interoperability standards. An independent
study "Interactive Content and Convergence" that followed the consultation
in 2006 gave an overview of the issues to be addressed for the development
of new content services in the EU.
Based on the results of the consultation and of the study, the Commission
proposes in the newly launched consultation four main horizontal
directions of action at EU-level: availability of creative content;
multi-territory licensing for creative content; interoperability and
transparency of DRMs; and legal offers and piracy.
Some concerns have been expressed by digital media rights activists such as
the EDRI-member Open Rights Group (ORG) who believe that the EC plan goes
beyond copyright, and that consumer rights could be affected by it. "Looking
at some of the details of the European Commission consultation document it
seems to be that they are proposing a lot more than just a cross Europe
licensing scheme. (...) There is stuff here about transparency and
interoperability in digital rights management systems, there is stuff about
codes of conduct between internet service providers and rights holders to
encourage legal access and discourage unauthorised file sharing." stated
Becky Hogg, executive director of ORG.
However, the EC opinion is that all the different national copyright laws
and other intellectual property rights are holding back the film, music and
game industries. "Europe's content sector is suffering under its regulatory
fragmentation, under its lack of clear, consumer-friendly rules for
accessing copyright-protected online content, and serious disagreements
between stakeholders about fundamental issues such as levies and private
copying," was the EU Commissioner for the Information Society and
Media,Viviane Reding's statement.
DRM seems to fade out, after Sony BMG announced at the beginning of 2008
that it plans to give up to DRM for its music, thus becoming the last of the
top four music labels to throw the towel on this subject. But the EC
consultation paper wants to put it back in business, planning "a framework
for DRM transparency concerning, amongst others, the interoperability of
different DRMs, and ensuring that consumers are properly informed of any
usage restrictions placed on downloaded content, as well as of the
interoperability of related online services."
The consultation closes on 29 February 2008 following which, by the middle
of 2008, Reding will make formal recommendations on new ways to achieve a
single online content market for 500 million potential consumers, predicted
to be worth 8.3 billion euros by 2010 by the study on "Interactive content
and convergence" commissioned by Information Society and Media
Directorate-General of the European Commission and published on 25 January
Commission consultation: the need for pan-European copyright licences
Single European market plan for creative online content (4.01.2008)
Communication from the Commission on Creative Content Online in the Single
Market (3.01.2008)
Commission adopts strategy for "Creative Content Online" (3.01.2008)
Sony BMG Plans to Drop DRM (4.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: Creative content online - main topic in new EC documents
3. European Data Protection Supervisor's opinion on RFID
In the context of increasing debates in the European Union over the RFID
policy, Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supevisor (EDPS),
published on 20 December 2007 his opinion on the growing use of RFID chips
in consumer products and other new applications affecting individuals.
EDPS published this opinion as a response to the European Commission's
communication on Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) in Europe that was
released in March 2007, but taking into consideration other actions, such as
the creation by the EC of the RFID expert group, where EDRi is a member.
Peter Hustinx, explained the role of RFID and its relation with the
privacy issues: "RFID systems could play a key role in the development of
the European Information Society but the wide acceptance of RFID
technologies should be facilitated by the benefits of consistent data
protection safeguards. Self-regulation alone may not be enough to meet the
challenge. Legal instruments may therefore be required to guarantee that the
technical solutions to minimise the risks for data protection and privacy
are in place."
EDPS confirms that the wide use of RFID-technology is fundamentally
new and may have a fundamental impact on our society and on the protection
of fundamental rights in our society, such as privacy and data protection.
He underlined the basic five privacy and security issues that can be
distinguished in this respect: the identification of the data subject, the
identification of the data controller, the decrease meaning of the
traditional distinction between the personal and the public sphere, the
consequences of the size and physical properties of RFID-tags and the
lack of transparency of the processing.
The Opinion has highlighted several direct recommendations to the Commission
including the provision of a clear guidance on how to apply the current
legal framework to the RFID environment and the identification of "Best
Available Techniques" which will play a decisive role in the early adoption
of the privacy-by-design principle.
EDPS also tackled the issue of a specific legislation for the main issues of
RFID-usage in relevant sectors and considered that such legislation would be
needed if the proper implementation of the existing legal framework failed.
Such a legislation "must be considered as a 'lex specialis' vis-a-vis
the general data protection framework. This legislative measure should also
address the privacy and data protection concerns that arise in certain RFID
applications, such as item level tagging before the point of sale, which may
not necessarily involve the processing of personal data."
In any event, EDPS emphasised the need to lay down "the opt-in principle at
the point of sale as a precise and undeniable legal obligation, also for
RFID applications that fall outside of the scope of the Data protection
Directive and to ensure the mandatory deployment of RFID applications with
the appropriate technical features or 'privacy by design'."
EDPS opinion on the communication from the Commission on Radio Frequency
Identification in Europe: steps towards a policy framework
EDPS Opinion on RFID: major opportunities for Information Society but
privacy issues need to be addressed with more ambition (20.12.2007)
EDRi-gram: RFID Expert Group - Kick Off (6.06.2007)
EDRi-gram: RFID and Informed Consent - Using and removing of RFID
functionality (5.12.2007)
4. New data protection rules asked by UK MPs
The Justice Committee of the UK House of Commons issued on 3 January 2008 a
report on public data protection summarising the status and development of
the topic, especially since the November 2007 Chancellor's announcement to
the Parliament related to the loss of confidential data records of 25
million people by HM Revenue and Customs.
The report that recommends a data breach notification law, criminal
penalties for data controllers that are found responsible for breaching
security, greater powers and financing for the Information Commissioner's
Office, follows the line of the recommendations made by the House of Lords
Science and Technology Committee in August 2007 that were rejected at that
time by the government.
The present report emphasises the risk involved by large databases that are
accessible by many licensed users, making particular reference to
ContactPoint, the children's database that will come into being this year
and the National Identity Register, also planned to be gathered in 2008. It
also draws the attention on the risk related to the obligation to share data
with the other EU member states. "If data held by the Government is
available for inspection outside the jurisdiction, then the importance of
restricting the amount of data held, as well as proper policing of who had
access to it, takes on even greater importance." reads the report.
The report recommends that personal data should be held only where there are
proper safeguards for the protection of the respective data, which, in the
Justice Committee's opinion will become ever more difficult as data can be
easily shared within the country as well as between countries.
A greater role in the data protection should be played by the Information
Commissioner who should receive adequate support in this sense. "We note
that he already considers that his resources are at a minimum" is the
report statement.
It also calls for a legal obligation to notify the Commissioner as well as
the affected parties on significant data losses and for penalties for those
who disclose personal data.
A Ministry of Justice spokeswoman said: "Parliament is currently considering
proposals to amend section 60 of the Data Protection Act through the
Criminal Justice and Immigration Bill (...) This will provide a custodial
sanction as well as the existing fines for those found guilty of unlawfully
obtaining or disclosing personal data."
MPs call for tougher data protection regime (3.01.2008)
House of Commons Justice - First Report (3.01.2008)
HMRC loses confidential details of 5 million benefit recipients (20.11.2007)
Government ignores Personal Internet Security (29.10.2007)
Tougher data laws needed, say MPs (3.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: UK government loses personal data on 25 million citizens
5. PI: Leading surveillance societies in the EU and the World 2007
UK-based human rights group Privacy International (PI) published at the
end of last year the 2007 ranking assessment of the state of privacy in 47
countries, including all European Union member states.
The raking is based on the Privacy & Human Rights reports produced since
1997 by PI together with US-based Electronic Privacy Information Center and
is taking into consideration several criteria such as constitutional &
statutory protection and privacy enforcement, biometric ID
cards, data-sharing, video surveillance, communication interceptions and
data retention.
According to the authors, the project wants to "recognize countries in which
privacy protection and respect for privacy is nurtured. This is done in the
hope that others can learn from their example" but also "to identify
countries in which governments and privacy regulators have failed to create
a healthy privacy environment. The aim is not to humiliate the worst ranking
nations, but to demonstrate that it is possible to maintain a healthy
respect for privacy within a secure and fully functional democracy."
The main findings of the study that includes a world map of the
surveillance societies, show an overall worsening of privacy protection
across the world, reflecting an increase in surveillance and a declining
performance of privacy safeguards.
The rankings for 2007 prove a disturbing and increasing trend amongst
governments to archive data on the geographic, communications and financial
records of all their citizens and residents. This trend leads to the
conclusion that all citizens, regardless of their legal status, are under
The privacy trends have been fueled by the emergence of a profitable
surveillance industry dominated by global IT companies and the creation of
numerous international treaties that frequently operate outside judicial or
democratic processes.
PI also claims that "surveillance initiatives initiated by Brussels have
caused a substantial decline in privacy across Europe, eroding protections
even in those countries that have shown a traditionally high regard for
privacy." The general trend is the failure of the privacy performance for
older democracies in Europe, while the performance of newer democracies is
becoming generally stronger.
It is worth noting also that the worst ranking EU country is the United
Kingdom, which again fell into the "black" category along with Russia and
Singapore. However for the first time Scotland has been given its own
ranking score and performed significantly better than England & Wales.
The 2006 leader, Germany, slipped significantly in the 2007 rankings,
dropping from 1st to 7th place behind Portugal and Slovenia.
Leading surveillance societies in the EU and the World 2007 (28.12.2007)
Global Privacy Index Criticizes Falling Standards in Germany (7.01.2008)
6. Inclusive E-government in Western Balkans
Most of the participants in the workshops on inclusive e-government that
took place in the capitals of six Western Balkan countries, considered that
their countries have established very few mechanisms for e-inclusion and
interoperability, even though the interest in e-Government development is
The workshops took place within the framework of the project "Western
Balkans Network for Inclusive e-Government" and were meant to present the
draft research on the levels of sophistication and inclusiveness of e-gov
services conducted by project partners using the EU-level Capgemini
methodology, with a goal to develop Regional eGovernment Roadmap to
facilitate joint efforts by the countries aspiring to soon join the EU.
The six workshops on inclusive e-government were organized by national
project partners, and had as targets the review of draft research results,
awareness raising and networking between stakeholders including government
officials, IT and human rights experts, as well as representatives of NGOs
dealing with issues of inclusion of disadvantaged groups such as people with
disabilities from both the host countries and the neighborhood.
Each workshop was organized by project partners from the respective
countries, and they took place in:
a. Skopje, Macedonia (23 November 2007) - organized by EDRi-member
Metamorphosis Foundation
b. Tirana, Albania (26 November 2007) - organized by Comport
c. Belgrade, Serbia (11 December 2007) - organized by Belgrade Open
d. Zagreb, Croatia (13 December 2007) - organized by ZaMirNet
e. Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina (13 December 2007) - organized by
OneWorld SEE
f. Podgorica, Montenegro (20 December 2007) - organized by the Institute
for Strategic Studies and Projections
The level of online sophistication of e-government services in all countries
where research has been completed so far are similar (Albania 33%, Serbia
40%, Montenegro 45%, Macedonia 50%, Croatia 57%) and most of them need to
develop under similar circumstances and face similar obstacles, lagging 5-7
years behind the levels of EU. The potential benefit from mutual cooperation
is great, both to the states-which have so far mostly invested in
revenue-generating services such as e-taxes-and their citizens who need more
efficient and transparent governance.
The "Western Balkans Network for Inclusive e-Government" project is
supported by the East East: Partnership Beyond Borders Program of the Open
Society Institute and led by the Metamorphosis Foundation. Alongside the
workshops, the project activities included the Third International
Conference e-Society.Mk (29-30 November 2007 in Skopje) which facilitated
of know-how and experiences both between stakeholders from the region and
from the European Union.
Project website
(Contribution by Filip Stojanovski, EDRI-member Metamorphosis - Macedonia )
7. UK Government continues to pressure ISPs for Internet filtering
On 8 January 2008, at the launching of the government consultation on new
copyright exceptions, Lord Triesman, the UK minister for intellectual
property, threatened the ISPs with the introduction of new legislation to
force them to block illegal filesharing in case they cannot find a voluntary
agreement together with the music and film industries by the end of summer.
Referring to the Government's attitude towards illegal filesharing, Triesman
said "We're not prepared to see the kinds of damage that will be done to the
creative economy," and regarding the ISPs he added in an interview for The
Register "There is no objective reason why they (rights holders and ISPs)
cannot arrive at an agreement. Whether they have the will to do so is
another matter."
According to a spokesman for ISPA, the Internet providers' trade
association, some "good meetings" have taken place between the association
and film rights owners, but he did not give any specific details on the
Triesman also declared that the UK government was collaborating with the
French Government on the anti-infringement legislation that proposes the
creation of an enforcement body to which the French ISPs will hand over
filesharing data. "The French are plainly very serious about this, it's
really interesting. We will actually do quite a lot of work alongside them -
not necessarily to reach exactly the same objective, but I think we've got
a desire to share evidence and analyses. There's no point repeating each
other's research." said the minister.
The consultation launched on 8 January introduced five recommendations
proposing a relaxing copyright enforcement for research and education
purposes, to enable distance learning and whiteboard tuition, to allow
libraries to make a copy for archive purposes where the copyright holder
can't be found and to allow an exemption for the purposes of "caricature,
parody or pastiche".
The UK Government also proposes a "format shifting right" meaning that the
consumers should be allowed to make copies of copyright material they've
already bought, but puts a limit to DRM circumvention which should be
permitted only for academic and research purposes, but not for the general
public for entertainment.
Among other comments during the launching, a member of the International
Music Managers Forum emphasised the fact that DRM on music is almost dead
and is hated by consumers.
The first stage of the consultation is open until 8 April 2008.
Government piles filesharing pressure on UK ISPs (8.01.2008)
Consultation on proposed changes to copyright exceptions launched
CD copying OK, DRM circumvention not OK (8.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: Filtering the Internet - new request of music and film industry
8. ELOI - a French database to manage the expulsion of illegal migrants
On 26 December 2007, the French government published a decree creating the
ELOI file, a database aimed at facilitating the expulsion of illegal
migrants. In March 2007, the French highest administrative court cancelled a
first attempt by the government to create this file, after 4 French NGOs,
among which EDRI member IRIS, filed a case against the Interior ministry.
While the March text was cancelled by the Conseil d'Etat for procedural
reasons only, the new version shows some important progress related to
concerns raised by the NGOS. The main changes are that no data will be kept
on visitors of illegal migrants in retention centres, and that personal data
of citizens with which illegal immigrants are staying, when not in retention
centres are kept for 3 months rather than 3 years.
While this step backwards from the government side is a direct result
of the French NGOs action, the ELOI database remains unacceptable,
according to the authors of the former complaint, with regards to the
migrants themselves and their families. The duration of the retention
of their data remains 3 years for most of the data, and data on their
children are still kept in the ELOI file. Last but not least, the
database still contains data on "the need for specific surveillance
(of the migrant) with regards to the public order'. According to the
NGOs, this demonstrates that the government makes a direct
association between immigration and criminality.
Moreover, the decree contains new provisions, adding to the ELOI
database an impressive amount of administrative and judicial data
dealing with all aspects of the expulsion process, most of them to be
retained for 3 years. In addition, a new purpose has been set to this file,
which is to produce statistics on expulsion decisions and their actual
These problems, as well as the Sarkozy administration setting up
quantitative objectives - a minimum of 25000 expulsions targeted in 2008 -
have made the French NGOs declare that the actual meaning of this file is
the government willingness to manage the expulsion of migrants at an
unprecedented level. They consider that with the ELOI database, this
expulsion policy has reached an industrial level.
Decree n. 2007-1890 creating the ELOI database (only in French, 26.12.2007)
CNIL's (French DPA) opinion on the draft decree (only in French, 24.05.2007)
French NGOs (CIMADE, GISTI, IRIS, LDH) joint press release
(only in French, 03.01.2008)
IRIS dossier on foreigners and databases in France (only in French)
EDRI-gram: French high court cancels the creation of illegal
migrants database (14.03.2007)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
9. European Commission closes enquiry on Apple
The European Commission (EC) has closed the enquiry against Apple for
charging more UK users than other EU users for downloads of its iTunes
music, following the company announcement on 9 January 2008 that it will
reduce download prices for UK within 6 months to align them with prices in
continental Europe.
A formal investigation had been opened by the EC against Apple after
'Which?', a UK consumer protection organisation, filed a complaint in
September 2004 against the company who was applying 20% higher prices to
British users than for the other European users. The difference has
decreased in time reaching down to 6% and, following discussions between
Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes and Apple chief executive Steve Jobs,
the company decided to equalise the prices within a 6-month period.
"The Commission is very much in favour of solutions which allow consumers to
benefit from a truly Single Market for music downloads." was the Competition
Commissioner Neelie Kroes's statement.
"This is an important step towards a pan-European marketplace for music,"
said Steve Jobs, Apple's CEO adding: "We hope every major record label will
take a pan-European view of pricing".
The issue that remains under discussion is that of the geographical
restriction; Apple does not allow purchases on iTunes digital stores from a
different country than the residence one. A user from France for instance
cannot buy from the German iTunes and Apple verifies the user's residence by
means of the credit card during the transaction.
Apple states that this policy is due to the different music copyright laws
and rules of the European countries. The EC agrees with this position
stating that the contracts between Apple and the major record companies
are not in breach of the current EU legislation. "..the fact that the same
content is not available on a pan-European basis is not the result of
restrictive business practices between Apple and major record companies.
Rather it is the result of the existing state of copyright legislation (...)
Some record companies choose not to make available their content on a
pan-European basis. They do so in full respect of copyright regulation.
There is no violation of antitrust regulation" stated Kroes' spokesman
Jonathan Todd, at the daily Commission briefing on 8 January 2008.
Unfortunately, the European Commission did not consider the other
Apple-related topics revealed by the consumers association in EU: its
dominant position in the EU online music market, its DRM-related practises
or its lock down problems. But some of these aspects are still under
investigation in several European countries by the national Consumer
European Commission welcomes Apple's announcement to equalise prices for music downloads from iTunes in Europe (9.01.2008)
EU pressure ends iTunes price unbalance (10.01.2008)
Apple to Standardize iTunes Music Prices Throughout Europe (9.01.2008)
iTunes announcement is music to Which?'s ears (9.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: European Commission investigates Apple's European prices EDRi-gram: iTunes under continuous attack in Europe (21.01.2007)
10. Recommended Reading
FLOSSMETRICS/OpenTTT guide presents a set of guidelines and suggestions for
the adoption of open source software within SMEs, using a ladder model that
will guide companies from the initial selection and adoption of FLOSS within
the IT infrastructure up to the creation of suitable business models based
on open source software.
11. Agenda
17 January 2008, London, UK
Nanotechnology for security and the crime prevention III
18 January 2008, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Workshop - Technology and the public domain
22 January 2008, London, UK
Gov 2.0, or Truly Transformative Government
12 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
European ICT standardisation policy at a crossroad: A new direction for
global success
23-24 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
Research Room @ FOSDEM: Libre software communities meet research community -
Introducing Research Friendly
10-12 March 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights: Sixteenth Session
15 March 2008, London, UK
OKCon 2008 - Open Knowledge: Applications, Tools and Services
2-4 April 2008, Berlin, Germany
re:publica - The Critical Mass
28-29 April 2008, Vienna, Austria
PRISE Final Conference -Towards privacy enhancing security technologies -
the next steps
Call for papers until 1 February 2008
30-31 May 2008, Bucharest, Romania
eLiberatica 2008 - The benefits of Open and Free Technologies
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-01-30 22:35:24
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.2, 30 January 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.2, 30 January 2008
1. ECJ decision on handing traffic information in civil cases
2. European Parliament hearing on Internet privacy issues
3. Personal sensitive data keep on being lost in UK
4. New spying tools patented by Microsoft
5. YouTube blocked once more in Turkey
6. Bulgarian Big Brother Awards
***European Data Protection Day - 28.01.2008 - special section***
7. Key privacy concerns in Denmark 2007
8. Key privacy concerns in Czech Republic 2007
9. Key privacy concerns in Ireland 2007
10. Key privacy concerns in France 2007
11. Key privacy concerns in Romania 2007
12. Key privacy concerns in Netherlands 2007
13. Main data protection concerns with the EU policy developments in 2007
14. Agenda
15. About
1. ECJ decision on handing traffic information in civil cases
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) has decided on 29 January 2008 in the
case of Productores de Mzsica de Espaqa Promusicae vs. Telefsnica de considering that the European law "does not require member states to lay
down an obligation to disclose personal data in the context of civil
proceedings". However, the decision allows the national courts to do that
if the national interpretation requires so: "As to those directives, their
provisions are relatively general, since they have to be applied to a large
number of different situations which may arise in any of the Member States."
The decision came in the case where the Spanish music Association Promusicae
asked the ISP Telefonica to hand over the names and addresses of the
subscribers that allegedly distributed copyrighted songs via the p2p
software Kazaa. Telefonica refused, considering that it could do that only
in a criminal investigation or in matters of public security and national
defence. The company based its position on the Spanish implementation of the
E-commerce directive. A Spanish Court of Madrid asked the ECJto decide on
the conformity of the Spanish act to the EU law on this matter.
The Advocate General Juliane Kokott's opinion published on 18 July 2007
was positive for the ISPs, suggesting that the member states exclusion of
revealing personal data from Internet traffic in the copyright infringement
civil law cases was compatible with the EU law.
However, the ECJ final decision was limited to claiming that the
European Directives invoked in this case "do not require the Member States
to lay down (...) an obligation to communicate personal data in order to
ensure effective protection of copyright in the context of civil
proceedings." This confirms that the EU law does not directly require the
national courts to disclose the personal data in civil cases of copyright
At the same time, the decision considers that it is acceptable for national
laws to allow forcing of disclosure in civil proceedings, taking
into consideration their balance of fundamental rights : "(...)when
implementing the measures transposing those directives, the authorities and
courts of the Member States must not only interpret their national law in a
manner consistent with those directives but also make sure that they do not
rely on an interpretation of them which would be in conflict with those
fundamental rights or with the other general principles of Community law,
such as the principle of proportionality. "
Intellectual property lawyer Iain Connor, a partner with Pinsent Masons,
considered the ruling could be bad news for ISPs in the UK : "You could
potentially get people who want to host material effectively forum shopping
and going to ISPs in places where disclosure would not be ordered."
Meryem Marzouki, president of the EDRi-member IRIS France, considers the
decision as more in favour of the copyright holders demands and insists that
the ruling is a step backward if reffered to the Advocate General's opinion
in this case that the EU legislation on personal data protection should
prevail on the Community law on e-commerce, copyright protection and IP
C-275/06 - Promusicae vs Telefonica - ECJ decision (29.01.2008)
Countries can choose whether or not to force disclosure of file-sharers
Court delivers a blow to record companies on internet piracy (30.01.2008)
EU supremes: ISPs don't always have to finger filesharers (29.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: ECJ's Advocate General says no handing traffic information in
civil cases (1.08.2007)
2. European Parliament hearing on Internet privacy issues
During a hearing of the European Parliament (EP)'s Civil Liberties
Committee, on 21 January 2008, serious data protection concerns were raised
by the practice of large Internet companies that monitor the online
behaviour of their users in order to provide online advertisers with the
necessary information to better target their ads.
The main debate turned around the Google-Double Click deal that is now being
examined by the European Commission and that was already approved in the US
in December 2007 by the Federal Trade Commission.
Google criticised MEPs and rights advocates of trying "to take a privacy
case and shoehorn it into a competition law review" but Sophie In 't Veld,
replied to these accusations: "The reason you want to have the data is
because it gives you a competitive advantage. It is business. I don't think
they can be completely disconnected."
Representatives of the industry and consumer protection bodies addressed the
EP Civil Liberties Committee claiming that the tracking down of online
behaviour is threatening to personal privacy and that there is no guarantee
these data are used only for advertisement targeting. MEP Stavros
Lambrinidis of Greece expressed the worries related to the lack of a
communitary legislation that ensures the personal data are used only for
advertising purposes saying that "there is no EU legislation per se to
ensure that information targeting behaviour for marketing purposes will not
be used for other activities that far exceed the initial purpose."
In his turn, EDPS Peter Hustinx said: "Community law on data protection
does apply on the Internet, it applies to both online and offline realities
(...) existing rules do apply and do provide safeguards".
Google's Global Privacy Counsel Peter Fleischer stated that the merger
between Google and DoubleClick would not lead to the creation of a single
database with consumer-related information, as "DoubleClick does not own its
customers' data". He also added that the online ad company "can only use the
data it processes from serving ads to provide aggregate reporting. The data
is owned by the publishers or advertisers that DoubleClick works for (...)
DoubleClick customers would be very displeased if one tried to undo their
contractual relationships by sharing information between advertisers".
The merger case is now with DG Competition being examined for potential
violations of antitrust rules in the online advertising intermediary market.
The European Commission is to decide whether or not to authorise the merger
on 2 April 2008.
One issue that was also strongly debated was that of the IP address being
considered personal data or not. In the opinion of the EU group of data
privacy regulators, the IP address should generally be considered as
personal information.
Google's view has been expressed by Fleischer who stated: "There is no black
or white answer: sometimes an IP address can be considered as personal data
and sometimes not, it depends on the context, and which personal information
it reveals." But Marc Rotenberg, the Executive Director of the Electronic
Privacy Information Center contradicted this statement: I wish this was the
case, but we are moving towards the IP6 model, for which it will be even
more the case that IP addresses will be personably identifiable".
Peter Scharr, Germany's data protection commissioner who leads the EU
Article 29 Data Protection Working Group which is preparing a report on the
compliance with EU data protection acts of the privacy policies of Internet
search engines operated by Google, Yahoo, Microsoft and others, said that if
someone could be identified by an IP address "then it has to be regarded as
personal data."
Do Internet companies protect personal data well enough? (26.01.2008)
Google-DoubleClick deal likely to win EU go-ahead (25.01.2008)
Internet privacy concerns cause very public row in Brussels (23.01.2008)
EU data regulator says Internet addresses are personal information
Google seeks to allay privacy fears over DoubleClick merger (22.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: EC announces a larger investigation of the Google-DoubleClick
deal (26.11.2007)
3. Personal sensitive data keep on being lost in UK
Many documents with confidential data including benefit claims, passport
photocopies and mortgage payments were found on 17 January 2008 lost on a
roundabout near Exeter Airport in Devon, UK.
Mr Karl-Heinz Korzenietz, the finder of the documents, told BBC News: "I
thought first of all it was rubbish. But when I looked at the papers I
discovered they were highly sensitive. I was shocked and surprised that
sensitive papers like this would just be lost like that." Mr Korzenietz has
also said that this was the second time he found such kind of documents.
On 6 November he found another set of similar documents that he handed over
to the Royal Mail depot in Exeter which returned the documents to TNT
carrier. However, TNT said they were unaware of any missing data and
stated they were not the only company providing services to the government.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has also disclosed the theft on 9 January
2008, from a Royal Navy officer, of a laptop containing details on more than
600 000 people including Royal Navy, Royal Marine and RAF recruits, as well
as other people wanting to join the services. The MoD has approached the
security and intelligence agencies and, although the Joint
Terrorism Analysis Centre, considered the threat as low, the ministry
approached the banks and individuals whose data were in the missing
database. The respective data included passport information, family details,
national insurance numbers, driving licence details and even medical
According to Conservatives and Liberal Democrats the theft raises further
concerns related to the government's plans for identity cards considering
that the government would have to convince the public that it could safely
manage the identity card system.
These two incidents continue the series of personal data losses that have
lately occurred in UK. In October 2007, two discs containing an unencrypted
copy of the entire child benefit database were lost in transit between HM
Revenue and Customs and the National Audit Office. In December 2007, a hard
drive with a driving theory test database containing details on 3 million
candidates was lost in the US and at the beginning of 2008 personal details
of hospital patients were lost by the NHS.
Conservative MP Chris Grayling said: "You would have thought after the child
benefits fiasco every department would have doubled and trebled their
efforts. The fact that this hasn't happened is incompetence of the highest
On 10 August 2007, the House of Lords Committee on Science and
Technology published a report on "Personal Internet Security" recommending a
Security Breach Notification law that would require companies that leaked
personal data to notify this event to the people concerned. Unfortunately,
in October 2007, the Government turned down the Committee's recommendation.
Richard Clayton, specialist adviser for the Committee and an EDRi-member of
the Foundation for Information Policy Research, commented: "What's needed of
course is a security breach notification law, so that everyone (not just
Government departments as here) is forced to notify people when they lose
personal data AND forced to notify a central clearing house, so that
researchers can start to build up patterns and observe commonalities, so as
to better advise the holders of personal data what they -- as a group -- are
doing wrong."
The Defence Secretary, Des Browne, gave a statement to the House of
Commons on 21 January 2008 saying that in fact three laptops had been
stolen over the previous two years. The head of the Civil Service has
now issued instructions that laptops holding sensitive personal data
must not be removed from offices.
Personal data found on roundabout (18.01.2008)
Recruits' banks alerted after theft of laptop (21.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: UK government loses personal data on 25 million citizens
Personal Internet Security - House of Lords Science and Technology Committee
5th Report of Session 2006-7 (10.08.2007)
House of Lords Inquiry: Personal Internet Security (10.08.2007)
Government ignores Personal Internet Security (29.10.2007)
4. New spying tools patented by Microsoft
According to The Times, a patent application has been filed by Microsoft for
a computer software that can monitor the employees' performance and state,
by means of wireless sensors linking workers to their computers.
The system, considered by Microsoft a "unique monitoring system", is capable
of measuring employees' movements, heart rate, blood pressure, brain
signals, body temperature or face expression and can even "automatically
detect frustration or stress in the user" and "offer and provide assistance
accordingly". This can lead to the creation of psychological profiles and
the Unions fear that employees could be dismissed on the basis of such
The Information Commissioner, privacy advocates and civil liberties groups
highly criticise the application. "This system involves intrusion into every
single aspect of the lives of the employees. It raises very serious privacy
issues" stated Hugh Tomlinson, QC, an expert on data protection law at
Matrix Chambers while The Information Commissioner's Office said: "Imposing
this level of intrusion on employees could only be justified in exceptional
According to legal experts from law firm Eversheds, Microsoft will face
major legal problems if they want to implement the system all around the
world. Jonathan Armstrong, a partner in the company, told vnunet.com that
the situation was especially complicated due to the international nature of
Microsoft business.
The application was confirmed by the US Patent Office and could be granted
within a year.
Another patent application of the company is a method to collect information
about the users of cell phones, Internet, card-credits, geolocation systems
in order to target advertising. Microsoft like other large companies such as
Google who earn from clicks on ads, have thought of gathering personal
information on Internet users in order to provide more tailored
advertisements that may better catch the users' eye.
According to the Microsoft application, "an advertising component employs
the user profile in connection with the delivery of an advertisement."
Credit card information may be used to create a "payment history," and data
relayed by cell-phone towers can also be used to locate users, and to
"tailor search and advertising during online experiences so as to better
interpret queries to search engines, to better target advertisements."
Brendon Lynch, Microsoft director of privacy strategy, stated that the
application "will first be reviewed against our privacy standards to ensure
that privacy is protected."
Microsoft seeks patent for office 'spy' software (16.01.2008)
Microsoft ponders offline profiling of Web users (23.01.2008)
Microsoft faces legal challenge to 'spy' software (18.01.2008)
5. YouTube blocked once more in Turkey
An order issued by a Turkish court on 17 January 2008 blocked once again the
access to Google's YouTube Web site on account of allegedly insulting clips
referring to the country's founding father, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk.
The ban lasted for 6 days and as no statements have been made by Turk
Telekom which has implemented the ban or by YouTube representatives, it is
not yet known whether the ban was lifted because the clips under question
were removed.
The situation seems to be a repeated pattern as YouTube was first banned in
March 2007 for similar allegations until the video considered disrespectful
were removed by the site. A second time, in September, a Turkish court from
the eastern city of Sivas decided to order the ISPs to block the access to
YouTube for a video considered offending to Ataturk, President Abdullah Gul,
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the Turkish army but the ban was not
The bans on YouTube are an expression of the problems Turkey has with
freedom of expression. Turkish writers and journalists have been on trial
for having allegedly brought insults to "Turkishness" and the country, which
is seeking European Union membership, is already under EU pressure to
improve the situation. The EU also asks Turkey to abolish an article in its
penal code considered to violate free speech.
This situation is highly criticized in the country as well. Journalist Emre
Akvz from Sabat considers that this ban places Turkey into the range
undemocratic regimes and gives those that oppose the adherence of Turkey to
the EU the occasion to say: "We told you these guys are pro-ban. They lack
tolerance. They cannot bear hearing criticism. Here is the evidence." Posta
journalist Mehmet Barlas' opinion is that "Can we now say that we have taken
the virtual world under our control by banning YouTube? No. The virtual
world is incredibly large, it is both close and far away and a digital
world," and also added: "Blocking full access to a Web site, although
possible to block only those controversial videos in this information era,
is like blocking access to a school due to an unruly student or banning
civil aviation due to an accident".
Turkey is not the only country having blocked YouTube. In 2007, the Thai
government banned the site for almost four months for some clips considered
offensive to King Bhumibol Adulyadej, Thailand's monarch and in Morocco the
site could not be accessed after some users posted videos that were
criticising the way in which Morocco was treating people of Western Sahara.
The government has not admitted having blocked the site trying to accuse a
technical fault but being unable to explain why the fault affected only
YouTube site.
Turkey Bans YouTube for Second Time (20.01.2008)
Access to YouTube Resumes in Turkey (24.01.2008)
YouTube ban reduces Turkey to the ranks of backward states (23.01.2008)
Turkey once again blocks access to YouTube (22.01.2008)
EDRi-gram: Turkey blocks again YouTube (26.09.2007)
6. Bulgarian Big Brother Awards
On 28 January 2008, the Access to Information Programme and EDRi-member
Internet Society Bulgaria presented the Big Brother negative awards.
The Big Brother award was presented to the Ministry of Interior for
publishing data from the passports and criminal conviction records of two
BBC journalists who were shooting a documentary in Bulgaria.
The Sramota (or Shame diploma) was presented to the Bulgarian Council of
Ministers for their decision to publish in the State Gazette of October
2007 the names, permanent addresses and the personal numbers of the owners
of land, which were expropriated for the construction of the south road
circle in Sofia.
Among the nominees for the anti-award this year were also the Traffic
Police, the Registry Agency at the Ministry of Justice, as well as the
Commission for Data Protection itself.
On 28 January, when the Big Brother Awards Ceremony was held in Bulgaria,
coincides with the European Data Protection Day. The date marks the adoption
of Convention 108 of the Council of Europe for the protection of individuals
with regard to automatic processing of personal data.
The Big Brother Awards ceremony was held in Bulgaria for the fourth time.
The last ceremony was held in 2005.
Big Brother Awards Bulgaria (only in Bulgarian, 28.01.2008)
The "Big Brother" Awards Ceremony Held in Bulgaria (28.01.2008)
Bulgarian Big Brother Awards - 2007 (28.01.2008)
(contribution by Veni Markovski - EDRi-member ISOC Bulgaria)
***European Data Protection Day - 28.01.2008 - special EDRI-gram section***
28 January is the European Data Protection Day. For the second time, in
2008, this date marks the anniversary of the Council of Europe's Convention
108, the first legally binding international instrument related to data
This section of the EDRi-gram is dedicated to the European Data Protection
Day and marks the main privacy developments from some European countries, as
reported by EDRi members.
European data protection day activities - 28.01.2008
7. Key privacy concerns in Denmark 2007
a. Data Retention - a reality
15 September 2007 - data retention became a reality in Denmark. The
administrative order, which sets the scope and conditions for data
retention, was approved on 28 September 2006 with an implementation deadline
of one year. The order, which was drafted by the Ministry of Justice, had
been underway for more than four years. The Act providing for data retention
was approved by the Danish Parliament already in June 2002 as part of the
Danish "anti-terrorism package," which extended the scope of Section 786 of
the Administration of Justice Act (Act No. 378 of 6 June 2002).
The administrative order regulates in more details the obligations of the
telecommunications providers and further implements the recently adopted EU
Directive on Data Retention. On some issues the order goes further than the
EU Directive, e.g. session logging. The order applies only to commercial
ISPs, excluding non commercial ISPs, libraries, universities and smaller
housing associations. There is no obligation on ISPs to invest in new
systems, but  the law demands 24/7 point of contact at ISPs and security
clearing of  relevant ISP personnel.For fixed lines and mobile phones
(including voice, voicemail, call forwarding, conference calls, SMS, MMS)
the retained data are: phone number, user ID (e.g. customer number), name
and address of customer, IMSI / IMEI number, unsuccessful call attempts,
first and last cells ID and physical location (mobile communication), and
date and time for start and end of communication. For Internet use, the
retained data are session logging (first and last or every 500 package), IP
address, port number and transport protocol, user ID, phone number for
dialup access, location and ID of hot spots, date and time for start and end
of communication. For email and VoIP the order covers the ISPs own email
services (and not hotmail, gmail, etc) and all VoIP services. The retained
data are sender and receiver, user ID, email address, date, time and
duration of communication.
During the 4-year drafting period, the proposed scheme for mandatory data
retention was heavily criticized by the Telecom and IT industry, the Data
Protection Agency, the Human Rights Institute, and non-governmental
organizations for being privacy invasive, disproportionate and inconsistent,
i.e. letting private companies store large amounts of personal information,
while at the same time being easy to evade, because of the many exemptions,
such as libraries and universities.
b. Extended means of surveillance
On 1 June 2007 an Act on TV Surveillance, which replaced the previous Act
Prohibiting Video Surveillance was adopted in the Parliament (Act. no. 162
of 1 June 2007).
The bill gives private enterprises such as banks, gas stations, hotels,
shops etc. extended powers to perform surveillance on areas related
to their property. The police may set quality standards for the recordings.
General surveillance of public areas such as public streets and squares are
not allowed for private parties, however the police may perform
surveillance in any public area if it is found necessary to prevent or
investigate crime. Both public and private surveillance must comply with the
Danish Data Protection Act, i.e. requirements of deletion of data after max.
30 days. However, there is no longer a duty to notify the Data Protection
Agency prior to installing surveillance equipment.
c. Extended access to personal information
On 8 June 2006, an Act amending the Administration of Justice Act, Act
Prohibiting Video Surveillance etc., and Act on Air Traffic (Strengthening
of the efforts to fight terrorism etc.) was adopted in Parliament (Act No.
542 of 8 June 2006). The bill was presented as the second "anti-terrorism
package" in Denmark. The amendment to the Administration of Justice Act
gives the Police Intelligence Service increased powers to exchange
information with the Defense Intelligence Service and to collect information
from other public authorities, e.g. hospitals, schools, libraries, social
services etc. without a warrant. Concerning phone tapping in relation to
criminal investigations, this is now targeted to individuals rather than
means of communication, for instance a specific landline. This implies that
all the phones a person may use may be tapped. Also, the notification of the
individual may be omitted or postponed for a fixed period of time if the
notification is considered to be detrimental to the investigation. The
amendment of the Act Prohibiting Video Surveillance gives the police
increased powers to demand of public offices and private parties that they
install and conduct video surveillance. The amendment of the Air Traffic Act
obliges airline companies to register and keep data on passengers and crews
for one year and to provide the Police Intelligence Service with electronic
access to the data, without a warrant.
Draft Administrative Order on data retention in Denmark (19.07.2006)
EU Data retention directive and its implementation in Denmark (in Danish
CCTV (in Danish only)
Privacyforum.dk - about CCTV (in Danish only, 21.11.2006)
Act No. 542 of 8 June 2006 (in Danish only, 8.06.2006)
(contribution by Rikke Frank Joergensen - Digital Rights Denmark)
8. Key privacy concerns in Czech Republik 2007
Last year has seen an increased number attempts from government bodies to
extend their powers and make it easier to access people's private
information. To name a few, there were legal proposals to increase the
number of agencies authorized to access and process electronic
communication data collected by telecommunication companies under the
Data Retention law, national DNA database enlargement, plans for various
administrative database sharing, introduction of even more CCTV systems
and the pressure on air travel operators to share records about their
passengers. The introduction of biometric into travel documents data as a
mean of identification and the use of contactless chip technologies
still suffers from lack of respect of people's privacy. Citizens continue
to loose control over their personal data with the same speed or no
visible slowdown.
a. National DNA database
There has been a substantial expansion of the number of DNA samples and
profiles in 2007 - up to 40 000 records. The new legislation which went
into force in 2006 has allowed Police to take samples from not only the
accused, but also uncharged suspects or from any other person related to the
investigation in any unspecified way, which practically means from anybody.
Moreover, the new law made it possible to take DNA samples from all
prisoners found guilty of intentional crimes as well as people under
protected health treatment. There has been a murder related investigation in
the city of Sternberk, where DNA samples were taken from all men of a
certain age, whilst no information was given about the process of
destruction of those samples belonging to innocent people after the
b. Data Retention
EU directive 2006/24/EC on the retention of data generated or
processed in connection with the provision of publicly available
electronic communications services been implemented into the national
legislation since the beginning of 2006. In 2007 the Police routinely used
the data for investigation. However, there are no official statistics of the
number of accesses nor on the efficiency of the measure. In November 2007 a
proposal was made by the Minister of Industry and Trade, Mr. Rmman, to allow
the secret service and the military intelligence a direct access to those
data. He has abandoned the idea only temporarily after a strong negative
reaction from the media and politicians.
c. PNR
The provisional agreement on transfer of Passenger Name Records
expired at the middle of 2007. The new agreement has been accepted
by the Czech government outside the ordinary legislative process due
to the lack of time. Only the Czech Data Protection Agency was
consulted. By its official opinion, the new agreement is worse in
respect to privacy than the previous one, namely because the agreement
doesn't contain any safeguards against the US interlinking the data with
other databases, using it for other purposes or exporting the data into
third countries with different regimes of privacy protection. The Czech
government has accepted the agreement with reservation.
d. CCTV surveillance
Both the Ministry of Interior and various city magistrates continue to
invest in CCTV systems. The current number of CCTVs in Prague is 400
and keeps increasing. The Prague City Hall has announced its plans to
enclose the whole city in the circular system of interlinked cameras
with a license plate number recognition capabilities combined with speed
cameras in order to register all vehicles entering or leaving the city.
There has been a case well covered by the media of a misuse of the CCTV
system to peek into a private flat on a crossroad in Pilsen in Summer 2007.
The images have appeared on the Internet.
e. Contacless chip cards
In Summer 2007, the Prague City Hall introduced a universal service card
for all citizens of Prague. It's supposed to be used for parking
payments, access to libraries, as a travel card, electronic wallet and a key
for online communication.
As demonstrated publicly by EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium, anybody with a
standard RFID reader was able to obtain the personal data (name, date of
birth, sex) from the card, from a distance, without the cardholder's
consent. Despite the producer's claims on the enhanced security of the chip,
the actual implementation of the system did not put any focus on the
cardholders' security and left the card at factory defaults. Neither has it
ever been explained why the personal data should be on the contactless chip
in the first place.
After the campaign, the City Hall has decided to stop putting the data
on the chip and fix the already issued ones. But the fact that many
services which used to be available anonymously are no longer anonymous
(e.g. parking) remains a major unresolved problem.
f. eGovernment
The recent developments on the eGovernment front give other reasons to
worry. There is almost no discussion about the privacy safeguards and
how they are going to be implemented. The available documentation
contains many plans on processing and interlinking people's personal
data including the broad specification of whom this data will be made
available and how the data is going to be shared. The privacy aspects of
the system, which will potentially concern the majority of the
population, have been left out completely. The proposal made by an
independent working group for a time limited ad-hoc identifiers has not
been taken into consideration.
EDRi-gram: Prague will anonymise RFID city cards (1.08.2007)
EDRi-gram: Government attempts of increased level of surveillance in Czech
Republic (7.11.2007)
More information (in Czech only)
(contribution by Filip Pospmsil and Marek Tich}, EDRi-member Iuridicum
Remedium - Czech Republic)
9. Key privacy concerns in Ireland 2007
a. Data Retention Litigation
The Digital Rights Ireland litigation against data retention, which was
started in September 2006, continues before the High Court. This action
challenges both the Directive and also Ireland's domestic data retention
laws. It alleges that those laws are procedurally flawed and are also in
breach of the right to privacy guaranteed under the Irish Constitution and
Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights.  It also argues that
data retention will have a chilling effect on the Constitutional and ECHR
rights to freedom of expression and association.  In addition, the action
argues that the tracking of the movements of any person carrying a mobile
telephone interferes with the right to travel under the Constitution. The
action alleges that these infringements of personal rights are neither
proportionate nor necessary in a democratic society.
At the time of writing the action is at the interlocutory stages and awaits
a full hearing. Two preliminary matters are currently before the court. The
Irish Human Rights Commission (a statutory body) has made an application for
permission to intervene in the case as an amicus curiae. The defendants have
also indicated their intention to challenge the locus standi of Digital
Rights Ireland to bring the case. Both applications have yet to be ruled on
by the court.
b. Implementation of the Data Retention Directive
The Irish Government has confirmed reports that it intends to implement the
Data Retention Directive by an order of a Minister rather than legislation
passed by Parliament. Ireland did not avail of the derogation under the
Directive to delay implementation in respect of internet traffic data.
Consequently Ireland is now late in implementation and has received a
warning letter from the Commission. The Government has decided to implement
the Directive notwithstanding its own challenge to the legal basis of the
Directive, which is before the European Court of Justice and awaits a
The decision to implement the Directive by Ministerial order has been
criticised for excluding democratic oversight by legislators and as being
taken without proper consultation. Paul Durrant, director of the Internet
Service Providers Association of Ireland (ISPAI) has said that:
"The ISPAI is disappointed that such an all pervasive measure . . . should
be enacted without being subjected to the full rigours of (parliamentary)
debate and the public exposure that brings."
Digital Rights Ireland said that:
"It is incredible that the Government proposes to introduce a law which
would require every Internet user to be monitored without any warrant or
prior judicial approval, without any public consultation and without any
debate or vote in Parliament. A law of this gravity should not be made by
The Department of Justice appears to be relying on the "urgency" of the
matter to justify bypassing Parliament. But the European law being
implemented was passed in February 2006. The Department has had two years to
introduce a law and it cannot rely on its own delay to justify sidelining
democratic scrutiny.
In any case, it is inappropriate to implement this law whilst it is under
court challenge. The Irish government itself has challenged the validity of
the law before the European Court of Justice. Digital Rights Ireland has
also brought a High Court action challenging the European law. These
proposals will effectively pre-empt the judgment of the courts."
Alarm bells ring over data retention (7.12.2007)
E-Mail and chat data to be stored 'within a month' (19.01.2008)
DRI condemns backdoor implementation of surveillance laws (19.01.2008)
(contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
10. Key privacy concerns in France 2007
6 January 2008 was the 30th anniversary of the French Data Protection Act.
But no one really cared. The only French contribution to this 2nd European
DP day has been the publication by the CNIL (French DP Authority) of a poll
result that it commissioned in November 2007. The poll indicates that 50% of
the asked persons know the CNIL. However, only 26% of them feel they are
informed well enough on their rights in terms of personal data protection,
and 61% consider that the constitution of databases is breaching their right
to privacy. Moreover, a former study on Internet usages conducted in June
2007 reveals that the mostly cited barrier to Internet use is the fear that
personal data are not protected enough (by 29% of the Internet users and 23%
of non Internet users). In summary, French people seem better aware of and
more concerned by the possible violations of their privacy rights.
Unfortunately, the CNIL has not published the entire poll result. Otherwise,
we might have had some explanations to the apparent paradox between this
increasing awareness and the growing development of privacy and data
protection violations by the French legislation and regulation without much
opposition. 2007, a year of presidential and legislative elections, has seen
further extensions of police powers, major provisions for the control of
migrants, most notably using biometrics and genetic data, massive extension
of children databases and the confirmation that intellectual property rights
prevail on privacy rights in France.
a. Further extensions of police powers
Since data retention law is already in place with access to data granted to
police and intelligence services, new developments are rather related to the
implementation and use of the system. To ease the collection and processing
of traffic data directly by the police intelligence forces, a new technical
platform for the interception of traffic data in all types of communication
systems was put into operation in May by the French Ministry of Interior,
covering communication data related to text messages, mobile or Internet. It
is expected that this platform will process 20 000 requests yearly. In terms
of legislative developments, the French law for the prevention of
delinquency of March 2007, introduced a new provision granting dedicated law
enforcement authorities with new powers to fight child sexual abuses, since
they now can use pseudonyms when they participate in electronic exchanges
for the purpose of investigations, and they can also detain and provide
illegal content for the same purpose. However, they cannot use these
possibilities for crime incitement.
b. Migrants under total control
Whether they ask for a short or long stay visa in French consulates abroad
or they cross any frontier to enter the country (and in the near future to
leave it), migrants are traced and filed. If they are caught in illegal stay
status, they're filed. If, even as legal residents, they choose to return to
their country of origin and benefit from an assistance mechanism for this,
they're filed. If they're legal residents, they're filed too, and they're
filed again if they want to bring their families. Files contain their
personal data, their biometric data, their genetic data, as well as data on
their families, including young children. 2007 has seen major developments
to achieve this total control of foreigners, resulting in their assimilation
to criminals. The immigration law of March 2007 has introduced DNA testing
to prove family links for foreign candidates applying for a more than 3
months visa on family regrouping grounds. It also introduced the requirement
that the beneficiaries of financial support (foreigners voluntarily
returning home) have their photograph and digital fingerprints taken and
stored in yet another biometric database. An administrative decree of
December 2007 created the ELOI database, aimed at facilitating the expulsion
of illegal migrants. A previous version of the text was cancelled in March
2007 by the French highest administrative court, after 4 French NGOs filed a
case against the Interior ministry. While the new version of the decree
requires fewer data to be kept on French citizens and associations in
contact with these illegal migrants, personal data of the migrants and their
families remain filed, and kept during 3 years after their expulsion.
Finally, another decree published in November 2007 created the VISABIO
biometric database, containing the photograph and the 10 fingerprints of all
foreigners requesting visas, including children over 6. Other data in
VISABIO are related to the foreigner's entry and exit from the territory.
These data are kept for 5 years.
c. Children under surveillance
Children start to be filed at age 3, as soon as they enter elementary
school. This is the result of "Base-ilhves", a database set up by the
ministry of Education. "Base-ilhves" has been created as an "experiment"
since 2004, and is currently being generalized. It contains personal data on
the children and their families, including psychosocial data, and a huge
number of information on their competence, skills and problems. Most of the
data are to be kept during 15 years. Such data were supposed to be accessed
only by educators and social actors. However, the French law for the
prevention of delinquency of March 2007 granted new powers to Mayors (as
elementary and primary schools are within their managerial jurisdiction).
Mayors may now "share the professional secret" with many social actors and
thus they are granted access to "Base-ilhves", for the purpose of delinquency. After important protests from NGOs, parents associations and
some schools directors, the ministry of Education accepted in October 2007
to remove from "Base-ilhves" data related to citizenship, date of arrival France and "language and culture of origin" of the child. However, protests
are increasing and national petitions have been launched to demand the
suppression of this file.
d. IPR holders granted private police powers
The French Data Protection Act allows, since its August 2004 revision,
intellectual property rights societies to create private records of rights
infringers through the collection of their IP addresses in P2P networks, the
use of automatic software for such a collection being subject to CNIL
approval. Accordingly, the CNIL decided on October 2005 to reject the
introduction of surveillance devices proposed by Sacem and other 3 author
and producer associations asking for the automatic tracing of infringements
of the intellectual property code. In May 2007, the highest administrative
court cancelled this decision. The court found that the proposed device are
not disproportionate, and are acceptable considering the extent of the
piracy phenomenon in France. The author and producer associations have thus
resubmitted their request to the CNIL and obtained its agreement in
November 2007. Still in November 2007, an agreement was signed between some
French ISPs and the music and movie representatives in order to act directly
against the big illegal file-sharers. French ISPs would then spy on their
users to see if they are big file-sharers. Those who would be identified
could get first a formal warning, but then they could be even cut-off or
suspended. The agreement foresees also the possibility to have a national
register of the subscribers that were suspended. But the agreement is not
applicable yet, since there is no authority created yet to apply it.
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: French law on delinquency: the threat to FoE is
elsewhere (14.03.2007)
EDRi-gram: The French Ministry of Interior has a new interception platform
EDRi-gram: French High Court cancels the creation of illegal migrants
database (13.03.2007)
EDRi-gram: DNA tests proposed in France for family visa
EDRi-gram: Update on DNA and biometrics in French immigration
EDRi-gram: ELOI - a French database to manage the expulsion of illegal
migrants (16.01.2008)
More details on "Base-ilhves" and the protest actions (only in French)
EDRi-gram: French State Council allows tracing P2P users (6.06.2007)
EDRi-gram: Is the IP address still a personal data in France? (12.09.2007)
EDRi-gram: French ISPs agree to spy on Internet users to stop online piracy
EDRi-gram: New agreement between the French ISPs and record industries
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
11. Key privacy concerns in Romania 2007
Privacy and data protection seems not to be a hot topic for the Romanian
society. The media is generally ignoring the topic, unless something related
to an important public figure is making the subject out of the ordinary. The
Romanian Data Protection Authority has failed in becoming a privacy public
supporter and has rather emerged as a data protection controller's register.
Under these general circumstances, 2007 was rather a calm year, where the
main success of the government in the field of privacy - the non-adoption of
the data retention law - was obtained by mistake only due to bureaucratic
a. Data retention
The first draft of the data retention law that needs to implement the EU
directive was presented for public consultations in May 2007 by the Minsitry
of IT&C, but after receiving some comments and organizing a public meeting
to discuss the draft law, the subject seems to have disappeared in the
folders of the ministries, probably also because no one, except the European
Commission, seems to care too much about the law. Therefore, the official
deadline of  the implementation of the EU directive passed, without the
draft being adopted by the Government. And suddenly and without any public
notice the project re-appeared in December 2007 on the Ministry of IT&C list
of documents in  public consultation. The new draft seems similar to the old
one, but it is clear that the Government is on the verge to adopt the act
through an Emergency Ordinance. That means, in accordance with the previous
year experience and a Balkan style of twisting the meaning of constitutional
wording, that the fact the official EC deadline has passed transforms the
matter into a national emergency that requires the approval of the law
directly by the Government, leaving the parliamentary debates on the subject
on a secondary plan. For now - there are no indications if this will
happened and exactly when.
b. Romanian DPA
The Romanian Data Protection Authority, created only in the late part of
2006, has been trying to get the data protection issues out in the public
debate and, so far, has succeeded in organizing several information
sessions - especially with the public institutions and banking sector. This
has been so far a much more positive approach than we've seen in any year
since the adoption of the data protection laws in 2002, but the activity of
the Romanian DPA is far from being satisfactory. Especially if we take into
consideration the lack of a strong public position on any privacy issues,
present in the Romanian state or European activities.
However, the Romanian DPA took two important decisions in reducing its
bureaucratic work and making more interesting for data controllers to
register with them: to eliminate the registration taxes and the fees for
data transfer to other countries, and to allow the electronic registration
of data controllers.
c. CCTV
Many public and private institutions install CCTV systems as a "perfect
way" to increase security of their activities and the regulation of these
systems seems to be non-existent, as the cameras appear everywhere over
night, without any kind of notification to the DPA. The authority has
presented a draft decision on its website to limit CCTV usage and better
explain the rights and obligations, but since 2006 this has been just a
d. Illegal wiretapping
One of the first court decisions in the matter of illegal wiretapping is
also worth mentioning  The decision taken in May 2007 by the Bucharest
Tribunal was published only in July and, as far as we know for the first
time in the Romanian history, the court declared the wiretapping made by the
Romanian Secret Service were illegal and awarded moral damages of 50 000 RON
(approx. 14 000 Euros) for privacy infringement. The court, arguing with the
European Court of Human Rights cases of Rotaru vs. Romania and Klass
vs.Germany, notes that in this specific case there was "no subsequent
control of the wiretaping basis by an independent and impartial authority."
Romanian Data Protection Authority
Romanian Secret Service illeagal wiretaping (only in Romanian, 11.07.2007)
Draft Romanian DPA decision on CCTV (only in Romanian)
EDRi-gram: Romanian Prosecutors want easy access to communication data
EDRi-gram: First draft on data retention law in Romania (9.05.2007)
(contribution by Bogdan Manolea - EDRi-member APTI Romania)
12. Key privacy concerns in Netherlands 2007
The nominees and winners of the Dutch Big Brother Awards 2007 showed it
clearly: a proper level of data protection in The Netherlands cannot be
taken for granted. A number of big projects and ongoing legislative
efforts threaten the state of data protection in the Netherlands. The
government shows no signs of taking critics seriously. The disinterest
of the public and ease with which a majority of Dutch citizens are
willing to hand over their privacy for a promise of security, led the
jury of the Big Brother Awards declare the Dutch citizen the winner.
Other winners were the plans for an Electronic Child Dossier, the
National Railways for the RFID transit card system and De Nederlandsche
Bank for its reaction to the SWIFT scandal.
The Electronic Child Dossier is exemplary for data protection in the
Netherlands. The Child Dossier aims to improve child care by building an
extensive digital dossier of each young individual. Apart from
reasonable doubt that the project will result in significant
improvements in child care, the dossier seriously infringes the privacy
of children, their parents and young adults as well. The file will be
updated for every child until they reach the age of nineteen, after
which it will be kept for another 15 years. The dataset is very broadly
defined and will contain a wide variety of medical and psychosocial
data, including all sorts of subjective opinions about children and
their parents. Access restrictions are already insufficient and there is
ongoing pressure to relax them.
The RFID Transit card is another project that is problematic from the
perspective of data protection. Very recently, the Dutch Data Protection
Authority concluded that the current design of the system does not
respect data protection legislation. The system would entail the lengthy
storage of all travel movements in identifiable form. The system, which
is being tested in a number of Dutch cities, has other serious flaws
that make its future uncertain. Some critical parts of it have recently
been hacked, creating a serious political issue.
On the legislative front, the implementation of the data retention
directive is presently debated in the Dutch Parliament. Although in
early 2006, a majority of the Parliament seemed to agree that retention
periods in the Netherlands would be limited, the government now opted
for the almost maximum retention term of 18 months both for phone and
internet records. The Parliament is also passing legislation that gives
the Dutch Intelligence and Security Agency (AIVD) the power to claim
complete data files from the private and public sector. The new powers
are specifically directed at the transit, the electronic communications
and the financial sector, but also others could be targeted. The
legislation will allow the agency to profit maximally from the increased
storage of personal data in these sectors, resulting from data retention
legislation and the RFID public transport system discussed above.
A recent report "Data voor Daadkracht" on personal data processing in
the law enforcement and security sector, contained some serious
criticism with regard to the ongoing erosion of data protection in this
sector. It critically examined current data collection processed by law
enforcement and security agencies and warned the government that an
administration that is increasingly reproached for risking to loose the
value of privacy out of sight, has to worry. The government reacted by
rejecting the main conclusions of the report and installing a new
commission which will take another look at "security and the personal
sphere". More specifically the government wants the commission to
consider that "law enforcement officials and social workers sometimes
feel restricted by norms and practices protecting privacy, personal data
in particular. Therefore, the commission will analyse how possible
obstacles can be removed that law enforcement officials and care takers
experience in their work."
Finally, of special interest for data protection in the digital age are
the guidelines for publications of personal data on the Web of the Dutch
Data Protection Authority. The guidelines address a variety of issues,
ranging from the question about the responsibility of intermediaries,
the status of IP addresses, the special care expected from online
services to children and the exception for the media. The guidelines
have been translated into English.
Winner Dutch Big Brother Awards 2007: 'You'  (26.09.2007)
Dutch RFID Transit Card Hacked (21.01.2008)
Commission Security and Personal Sphere installed (in Dutch only,
Privacy legislation also applies on the Internet - Guidelines finalised
on the publication of personal data on the Internet (11.12.2007)
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom -
13. Main data protection concerns with the EU policy developments in 2007
The Lisbon Treaty was signed in December 2007. Notwithstanding the
many critics raised by this Treaty, the text, when ratified by all
member States, will bring two major improvements to the EU and its
citizens. First, the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European
Union will become part of the Community acquis, including its
articles 7 (Respect for private and family life) and 8 (Protection of
personal data). Secondly, the Treaty will allow the accession of the EU
to the European Convention on Human Rights and, hence, will give EU
citizens the possibility of being protected against abuses of their
human rights by EU institutions. This improvement would be much
welcome, especially - though not exclusively - considering the
current inadequacy of data protection under third pillar (justice and
home affairs). But 2007 has also brought its share of concerns
regarding privacy and personal data protection developments at the EU
level. Besides the SWIFT scandal allowing the access by the USA to
the European financial transactions, the case of the Google-
Doubleclick merger currently under investigation by the European
Commission (although mainly regarding competition issues), the
continuous concerns related to data retention by search engines, most
notably Google, even though the company announced a slight reduction
of the data retention duration, and the development of RFID chips,
main concerns with the European Union policy in 2007 are related to
PNR data, biometric and genetic data sharing and the still inadequate
level of data protection under third pillar.
"All governments have the duty to protect their citizens from the
terrorist threat, but the response should be lawful, intelligent and
effective", the Secretary General of the Council of Europe stated, on
the occasion of the Data Protection Day. "I am concerned that some of
the recent arrangements for data exchange, which were introduced at
the insistence of the US Government, fail to meet these criteria", he
opportunely added.
a. Passengers name records (PNR)
In June 2007, a final agreement was reached between EU and USA on
European PNR (Passengers Name Records) data, 4 years after the USA
and the EC - illegally - agreed to give the US custom officials
direct access to the personal data of passengers flying to, from and
through the United States. It took a lot of protest campaigns, like
the one initiated by EDRI in May 2003, fierce criticism from the
European Parliament and the Article 29 Group, and an annulment by the
European Court of Justice, to finally get to this point. The
agreement reduced the dataset from 34 to 19 pieces including name,
contact information, payment details, travel agency, itinerary and
baggage information, but excluding sensitive data such as ethnicity.
The data may be kept during a total period of 15 years. It was
claimed that for the first time, EU citizens will also be covered by
the US Privacy Act which means they can enforce their rights in US
courts. However, only 3 months after this agreement, the US
government announced some changes in its Privacy Act that give
exemptions from responding to requests for personal information held
to DHS (Department of Homeland Security) and ATS (Automated Targeting
System). The agreement received harsh criticism from the EU Parliament,
Article 29 Working Group, and the European data protection supervisor
Later in the year, the EU announced its project of creating its own
European PNR system. The plan, put forward in November by the EC, is
similar to the EU-US agreement. The EU will have to collect 19 pieces
of personal data on air passengers coming into and leaving the EU
space, including phone number, e-mail address, travel agent, full
itinerary, billing data and baggage information. The information will
be collected in analysis units that will make a "risk assessment" of
the traveller, which could lead to the questioning or even refusal of
the entry. The data is to be kept for five years and then another
eight years in a "dormant" database. This plan has already been
criticized by the Parliament, the Article 29 Group and the EDPS, but
will certainly see major developments in 2008. Some member States
have already adopted such measures at national level.
b. Biometric and genetic data sharing
The European Visa Information System (VIS) will probably be the
biggest biometric database in the world. VIS will store data on up to
70 million people concerning visas for visits to or transit through
the Schengen area. This data will include biometrics (photographs and
fingerprints) and written information such as the name, address and
occupation of the applicant, date and place of the application, and
any decision taken by the Member State responsible to issue, refuse,
annul, revoke or extend the visa. Citizens of more than 100 countries
need a visa to enter the EU. Latest discussions of end 2007 were only
debating issues related to maximum age at which children should be exempted
from having their 10 fingerprints taken: the Parliament says 12, the Council
wants 5.
But the EU also wants to store and share biometric data of EU
citizens and residents, beyond the data to be gathered through
biometric passports and ID cards. In June 2007, it has been agreed
that the Pr|m Treaty, originally signed by 7 EU countries in May
2005, will be included in EU legislation with very little
modifications. The decision creates the largest pan-European network
of police databases, sharing DNA profiles, fingerprints and other
personal and non personal data. The agreement has not taken into
account the advice from the EDPS, who published in December 2007 an
opinion on the implementation of this agreement.
c. Inadequate data protection under third pillar
As the data processed and shared by police and judicial authorities
increase, the need for adequate personal data protection rules under
third pillar becomes more and more urgent. A draft Council Framework
Decision on the protection of personal data processed in the
framework of police and judicial co-operation in criminal matters has
been proposed by the EC since October 2005, but is still pending,
despite the numerous EDPS opinions in this regard. According to the
EDPS, the current draft of December 2007 provides only minimal
harmonization and guarantees, and would only be  applicable to
personal data exchanged with other Member States and not to the
domestic data processing.
EDRI page on biometrics
EDRI page on PNR
EDRI page on privacy
EDPS Opinions
Article 29 Working Group
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
14. Agenda
11 February 2008, Aachen, Germany
PET Convention 2008.1 - informal workshop on Privacy Enhancing Techniques
12 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
European ICT standardisation policy at a crossroad: A new direction for
global success
14 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
eIdentity workshop
23-24 February 2008, Brussels, Belgium
Research Room @ FOSDEM: Libre software communities meet research community -
Introducing Research Friendly
10-12 March 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights: Sixteenth Session
15 March 2008, London, UK
OKCon 2008 - Open Knowledge: Applications, Tools and Services
2-4 April 2008, Berlin, Germany
re:publica - The Critical Mass
28-29 April 2008, Vienna, Austria
PRISE Final Conference -Towards privacy enhancing security technologies -
the next steps
Call for papers until 1 February 2008
15- 17 May 2008, Ljubljana, Slovenia
EURAM Conference 2008 - Track "Creating Value Through Digital Commons"
How collective management of IPRs, open innovation models, and digital
communities shape the industrial dynamics in the XXI century.
30-31 May 2008, Bucharest, Romania
eLiberatica 2008 - The benefits of Open and Free Technologies
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
15. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-07-02 23:08:25
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.13, 2 July 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.13, 2 July 2008
1. Control on Internet users pushed through the new Telecom package
2. France promotes the three-strike scheme in Europe
3. The US-EU agreement on personal data exchange by law enforcement
4. ePrivacy Directive debated in the EP's Civil Liberties Committee
5. ECJ first hearing on data retention case
6. ICAAN supports custom domains and discusses whois privacy issues
7. German Protests in over 30 cities against surveillance
8. ENDitorial: Sweden is listening to all internet and phone conversations
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Control on Internet users pushed with the new telecom package
An appeal from three European NGOs - La Quadrature du Net, netzpolitik.org
and EDRi-member Open Rights Group - reveal some disturbing MEPs amendments
to the draft directives to reform the EU framework on electronic
communications (telecom package).
The review of the telecom package was merely focusing on telecom-related
issues (except for discussions on the ePrivacy directive, which is the
subject of another EDRi-gram article in the current issue), but some of
the 800 amendments on the 5 directives that form the current package might
go further than just establishing the rules for a functioning electronic
communications market and could endanger the principle of the neutrality of
the Internet.
Some amendments will transform the ISPs from technical intermediaries that
have no obligation to prior surveillance of contents into law enforcers.
Therefore they might be asked to block their users from lawful activities in
the interests of their security or to work with content producers and
rights-holders' organizations, including sending intimidating messages, with
no judicial approval. The amendment meant to support Intellectual Property
Rights owners could open the door to censorship and might mean in practice
the loss on privacy on the Internet.
"The politicians who engage in these summer manoeuvres dishonour Europe and
their mandate. They rely on the fact that nobody watches them few days
before Parliamentary holiday, to divert the Telecom package from its primary
objectives of consumer protection. They pave the way for the monitoring and
filtering of the Internet by private companies, exceptional courts and
Orwellian technical measures. It is inconceivable for freedom but also for
European economic development. We call on all MEPs to oppose what they have
already rejected." said Christophe Espern, co-founder of La Quadrature du
Net (Squaring the Net).
The appeal of the three organisations comes just before the 7 July vote in
the ITRE and IMCO Committees of the European Parliament on the suggested
amendments to the telecom package. The plenary discussion and vote for the
whole package will take place in September, but the vote in the two
committees could have a significant impact on the final result.
Mobilization Package Telecom (in English, German and French)
Telecom Package warning document for IMCO/ITRE vote (30.06.2008)
The commented amendments in HTML format
Participate: Europe-wide action against the telecom package (only in German,
Write to your MEP: say no to "3 strikes" through the backdoor (2.07.2008)
2. France promotes the three-strike scheme in Europe
With France taking over the presidency of the European Union on 1 July 2008,
the French Minister of Culture, Christine Albanel, wants to get a consensus
in the fight against p2p downloading by translating the French model to the
entire Europe.
Christine Albane presented on 19 June to the French Council of Ministers her
proposal for the controversial Internet and Creation law, initiated first by
Denis Olivennes, former CEO of Fnac, designed to fight online piracy, mainly
through the implementation of the so-called "three-strikes" scheme. A
newly-created independent authority, entitled HADOPI (Haute Autoriti pour la
diffusion des oeuvres et la protection des droits sur Internet), is to be
responsible with issuing warnings and potentially cutting Internet
subscriptions in cases of infringements.
At the request of rights holder, HADOPI will have the power to demand from
ISPs the identity of copyright-infringing computer users, followed
afterwards by a three-step process. A warning by email will be first sent,
and in case the infringements persist, the warning will be sent by a registered letter. For the third infringement, HADOPI will be entitled to cut the Internet access of the user for three up to 12 months. This period may be shortened to one to three months if the infringer commits to stop the alleged illicit downloading.
The law has been approved by the French Government and it will be debated in
the two chambers of the Parliament. Despite Albanel's confidence in the
draft law and her determination to make it pass, the law is facing a large
range of opposition starting with the European Parliament, CNIL, ISOC,
reservations from the State Council, ARCEP and ending with criticism from
parliamentarians, public opinion, access suppliers and press.
Having this in view, it seems SACEM (Sociiti des auteurs, compositeurs et
iditeurs de musique) is already thinking of an alternative. As stated by
Bernard Miyet, President of SACEM board of directors, the organisation is
not thinking of a global licence but of a contribution from the ISPs. "When
you are a cable distributor such as Numericable and you transport
programmes, you pay royalties. When you are a satellite platform, it is the
same. On the Internet side, the ISPs have succeeded in avoiding any legal or
financial responsibility or, it is well known, that they created all their
development on music" he said.
There is no discussion however of balancing the fee for the ISPs with a new
right for the Internet users as in the case of the global licence that would
allow Internet users to download music and make it available free for
everybody. The global licence would also increase the revenues of the music
creators and artists but not those of the music distributors or recording
companies who are afraid of loosing control and therefore part of the
While in France the HADOPI law is under dispute and although the European
Parliament has initially opposed the French model, it seems the European
Commission has in view to adopt a recommendation that would approve the
gradual type of reaction to illicit downloading.
Gradual response: France proposes its model to the European homologues (only
in French, 24.06.2008)
Hadopi project: return to the expectations and forces in presence (only in
French, 23.06.2008)
Gradual response : Sacem already has a plan B (only in French, 30.06.2008)
3. The US-EU agreement on personal data exchange by law enforcement
As stated by the New York Times on 26 June 2008, the United States and the
European Union are close to conclude an agreement allowing the exchange of
personal data of their citizens, including credit card information, travel
history and Internet browsing information in order to be shared with the law
enforcement and security agencies.
According to an internal report revealed by the newspaper, the potential
agreement that has been negotiated since February 2007 between the US
Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the Justice and State departments and
their European counterparts will make clear that it is lawful for European
governments and companies to transfer personal information to the United
States, and vice versa.
One of the issues still to be solved is that of whether European citizens
should be able to sue the United States government in case it violates data
privacy rules or, on the basis of incorrect personal information, it takes
an adverse action against them such as denying them entry into the country
or placing them on a no-fly list. The European law generally gives citizens
the possibility to file a case and ask for damages from the governments and
so does US Privacy Act of 1974 which however does not extend to foreigners.
The US officials are reluctant to accept it and try co convinces the EU that
there are other possibilities to correct such cases like asking an agency to
correct the misinformation through administrative procedures. The European
Union still insists on its position that its citizens should have "the
ability to bring suit in U.S. courts specifically under the Privacy Act for
an agreement to be reached on redress". Such a concession would mean for the
US administration to create new legislation which they are trying to avoid.
Some privacy rights advocates in Europe have warned on certain issues of
concerns. The two negotiating parties have agreed that information related
to race, religion, political opinion, health or "sexual life" may not be
used by a government "unless domestic law provides appropriate safeguards."
However, the agreement does not specify what an appropriate safeguard should
be, leaving the decision to each government.
"I am very worried that once this will be adopted, it will serve as a
pretext to freely share our personal data with anyone, so I want it to be
very clear about exactly what it means and how it will work," said MEP
Sophia in 't Veld.
The negotiators are trying to agree on minimum standards for privacy rights
protection. The European law establishes independent government agencies to
check whether personal data is being used lawfully and to assist citizens
concerned about invasions of their privacy. As the United States has no such
independent agency the Europeans have agreed, as a concession, that the
American government's internal oversight system should be able to account
for the use of Europeans' data.
US officials say they would like to resolve the problem before the end of
Bush administration in January 2009. The European Parliament will have the
power to ratify any agreements between US and Member States If the agreement
does not require legislative action, Mr. Bush could complete it. It appears
that the Europeans would like to wait until 2009 but the finalisation
process might be delayed as Irish voters rejected it in a referendum this
In March, the United States and Germany concluded a bilateral deal
facilitating the automatic exchange of data on suspected terrorists, that
might be taken as a model for similar accords between the US and other
European countries, applied to a wide-ranging exchange of information,
including the fingerprints and DNA of suspects. A similar deal was made
between Hungary and US in June 2008, and it was considered as a big step in
the Memorandum between the two countries that strives for the Hungarian
membership in the Visa Waiver Program. The Hungarian-US agreement was
published in the Hungarian Official Gazette on 20 June.
U.S. and Europe Near Agreement on Private Data (28.06.2008)
US-EU private data sharing agreement at hand: report (29.06.2008)
Report: US, EU Near Agreement on Personal Data Exchange (28.06.2008)
FBI ready to demand detailed logs of Britons' internet and travel habits
4. ePrivacy Directive debated in the EP's Civil Liberties Committee
On 25 June 2008, the European Parliament's Standing Committee on Civil
Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs asked for measures to correct the
European Commission's proposal to amend the Directive on Privacy and
Electronic Communications (called ePrivacy Directive).
"We have introduced a few points directed towards better consumer protection
and manageability" in order to "improve data protection overall and bring it
in line with the changed situation" stated Rapporteur for the project MEP
Alexander Alvaro (FDP).
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS), adopted, on
14 April, an Opinion on the European Commission's proposal amending, among
others, the ePrivacy Directive. The EDPS basically supported the EC proposal
giving a few recommendations such as the obligation to notify any breach of
security not only from providers of public electronic communication services
in public networks but also from providers of information society services
which process sensitive personal data.
What the MEPs are now asking for is a procedure to inform users, in case of
security breaches at service providers and a better protection from
surveillance. For the measures requiring providers of electronic services to
inform users of breaches of data protection, the MEPs intend to involve an
intermediary body. The companies will inform national telecommunications
regulators or other "competent authorities" on "serious" security breaches
of personal data and the regulatory bodies will decide if consumers need to
be rapidly informed. The companies might also be asked to report the
occurrence of security problems in their annual reports.
One of the aspects that was largely debated within the Committee was
related to the collection of personal data such as IP addresses, a
compromise being reached in the end considering that an online identity
should be specifically considered as an item of personal information needing
special protection when it is related to an individual in combination with
other information. The EP Committee asked the European Commission to submit,
in consultation with EU data protection officials, within the next two
years, specific draft legislation for treating IP addresses as personal
Alvaro's proposal to apply the provision allowing member states to enact
their own legislation to relax protection of connection and location data
for public security and the prevention, detection and prosecution of
criminal acts or illegal use of electronic communications systems, to cases
when ownership rights are infringed, failed as concerns have been expressed
by data protection officials, such as German data protection commissioner
Peter Schaar.
However Alvaro succeeded in passing several other proposals such as the
future application of the directive to publicly accessible private
telecommunications networks including university networks or social networks
such as StudiVZ or Facebook. Companies offering applications attempting to
access personal data on hard drives, or other IT systems, such as USB flash
drives, will have to get the user's consent beforehand on the basis of the
opt-in principle. Alvaro drew the attention that a user setting his browser
to accept cookies would be considered to give consent to data collection.
However, according to the directive, in the future, cookies for storing user
data using the Flash multimedia application will require separate consent.
According to Alvaro, the amendments proposed by the Standing Committee on
Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs will be incorporated into the
report of the Internal Market and Consumer Protection committee, primarily
responsible for the telecommunications package. The entire package for
regulating telecommunications companies and ISPs will be voted in
September after a first reading at a plenary session. The European Council
will be then required to submit comments.
During its 66th plenary session that took place in Brussels between 24-25
June, the Article 29 Working Party expressed its opinion on the review of
the E-privacy Directive fully supporting "the proposed strengthening of
Article 4 'Security' by requiring providers of publicly available
communication services to notify security breaches, and underlines the
importance of informing all persons concerned when their personal data have
been compromised or are at risk of being compromised."
However, the Working Party 29 considers there are issues that still need to
be covered such as the need to extend the scope of the obligation to notify
security breaches to the providers of information society services as well
as the scope of the recipients of the notification to include all persons
concerned rather than only the "subscribers".
MEPs adopt draft "e-privacy directive" reforms (27.06.2008)
Press Release - Article 29 Working Party (26.06.2008)
EDRIgram - EDPS endorses data breach notification provision in ePrivacy
Directive (23.04.2008)
5. ECJ first hearing on data retention case
On 1 June 2008, the first hearing by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) on
Ireland's action for the annulment of the directive on data retention took
place in Luxembourg.
Ireland, later on joined by Slovakia, filed an action with ECJ against the
European Council and Parliament in July 2006 for the annulment of Directive
2006/24/EC for data retention claiming an incorrect legal basis. The action
has been largely supported by various bodies and private advocates ever
since but despite the strong opposition, the European Parliament made a
compromise and adopted the directive the 14 December 2007.
Unfortunately, the legal basis of the data retention directive is supported
not only by the European Parliament and Council, but also by the Commission,
Spain, Netherlands and EDPS, Peter Hustinx. The latter argues that Art 95 EC
Treaty, the legal base used, is appropriate as the retained data would not
otherwise fall under the EU Privacy Directives. Also Hustinx did not mention
any aspects regarding the data retention directive & infringement of the
human rights.
EDRi-member Joris van Hoboken commented on this situation: "These reasons are pragmatic and without doubt EDPS argued similarly when the Council was pursuing a Framework Decision in the Third Pillar. The reasons why the European Parliament wanted to have data retention in the First Pillar was because they wanted to have a co-decision procedure, in which they have more However Slovakia also questioned if the present directive does not breach
the rights of the individuals in respect with their personal data. It is not
clear if the court will took consideration the breach of privacy by the
directive, since the subject was not brought up by the main plaintiff.
Civil liberties campaigners: Communications Data Retention will be stopped
European Court of Justice in negotiations on retention of telecommunications
data (only in German, 1.07.2008)
Hearing of European Court of Justice on Data Retention Directive (1.07.2008)
EDRIgram - European parliament adopts data retention directive (18.01.2006)
6. ICAAN supports custom domains and discusses whois privacy issues
During its 32nd International Public Meeting in Paris of 22-26 June, the
Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) approved the
proposal to expand the world's Domain Name System.
Dr Paul Twomey, ICANN's president and CEO, said in a statement: "The Board
today accepted a recommendation from its global stakeholders that it is
possible to implement many new names to the Internet, paving the way for an
expansion of domain name choice and opportunity. (...) The potential here is
huge. It represents a whole new way for people to express themselves on the
Net. It's a massive increase in the 'real estate' of the Internet."
"This was an extremely successful meeting that will be remembered as a
milestone in the development of the Internet. (...) New generic Top Level
Domains and Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs) will open up the Internet
and make it look as diverse as the people who use it," said Peter Dengate
Thrush, ICANN's Board Chairman.
Presently, users have only a limited range of 21 top-level domains (TLDs) to
choose from, such as .com, .org or .info. ICANN authorises the launch of
every new TLD, the launch being made by an ICANN-approved registry and the
domain names being sold by registrars. With the new proposal, applicants for
new TLDs can select their domain name themselves and operate as a registry
and they can use the names for their own purposes or offer them for sale to
third parties through registrars. Applicants from anywhere in the world will
have a "limited application period" and the applications will go through an
evaluation process, expected to last nine months. Although trade marks will
not be automatically reserved, owners will benefit of an objection-based
mechanism to consider their arguments for protection. Offensive names will
also be subject to an objection-based process "based on public morality and
order" as stated by ICAAN.
A final version of the implementation plan must be approved by the ICANN
Board before the new process is launched. It is intended that the final
version will be published in early 2009 and applications for new names are
planned to be available in the second quarter of 2009.
On the same occasion, at a meeting before the private network administration
session, Suzanne Sene, a US government representative, said the Governmental
Advisory Committee (GAC) wanted ICANN to organize new studies of the use and
misuse of Whois data about the owners of Internet domains and pay for these
studies. There is no common agreement yet on a Whois model, the debate
between rights holders and the data-protection authorities having lasted
long on providing more security for the Whois databases which list the
owners of domains.
Representatives of US crime-fighting authorities as well as some European
counterparts have frequently expressed the opinion that access to Whois
data should be granted to those having a "justified interest" claiming that
online spammers or swindlers could be investigated properly only by a
completely free access to the databases, without the knowledge of the
parties involved and without a court order. As a result, many proxy servers,
whose data are recorded in Whois instead of those of clients appeared in US.
Following the introduction of some barriers to the publication of extensive
information about domain owners, the British Nominet gives private users an
opt-out to remove their personal data from the publicly accessible Whois
database. And after many debates, EU registrars registering generic TLDs
such as .info and .com benefit from derogation from the ICANN regulations by
submitting a clear request on the part of their own authorities, which
however, has not been achieved yet.
Internet administrators in dispute over data protection for domain owners
ICANN backs custom domains, gives brand-owners nightmares (27.06.2008)
ICANN Concludes Successful 32nd Meeting in Paris (26.06.2008)
Biggest Expansion in gTLDs Approved for Implementation (26.06.2008)
7. German Protests in over 30 cities against surveillance
On 31 May 2008, privacy activists organized new rallies in more than 30
cities across Germany.
Following the November 2007 protests under the motto "Freedom not
Fear"("Freiheit statt Angst"), thousands of citizens participated in this
year street actions.
Numerous demonstrations, rallies, information events, as well as workshops
and art performances sent clear signals to protect constitutional rights and
limit the rampant proliferation of surveillance.
The rallies had the goal of demonstrating to the ruling grand coalition, a
decisive NO of citizens to the blanket collection and storage of data, as
as to the surveillance of all details of daily life. The activities were
therefore supported by a multitude of notable organizations and allowed new
alliances to be formed in many cities. This underlined the growing force
developing behind the well connected movement, the work group stated.
According to the German Work Group on Data Retention (Arbeitskreis
Vorratsdatenspeicherung), the nationwide protests were a full success: "We
were able to use the numerous smaller and larger activities to raise
awareness in the population and win new supporters. The responses were
positive throughout," explained Ricardo Cristof Remmert-Fontes, one of the
organizers of the activities.
In Hamburg, Frankfurt (Main), and Munich, peaceful conventional rallies were
held which received a large turnout. In Munich, 2500 people additionally
demonstrated against the draft of a new law restricting the right of free
In order to depict the loss of privacy, activists in Nuremberg reacted with
an art installation by erecting an entire living room in the city's
pedestrian zone. In Bonn, the installation "Transition to surveillance"
visualized current developments.
In Jena, over-sized surveillance cameras were set up, while in Berlin, a
host of talks, hands-on workshops and a preview of the art piece "Pigeon
Project" were presented.
The live-broadcast of events over radio, realized by a network of
independent radio broadcasters, also premiered on the day. The recordings
will be available for listening on the website of the German Work Group on
Data Retention.
In all cities where the work group is present with local dependencies
signatures were collected against the planned "BKA law" (Federal Criminal
Police Office law). The petition was signed online by more than 10 000
people by 1 July.
The German Work Group on Data Retention is now preparing multiple
Europe-wide campaigns which will culminate in mass protests in 11 October
across all of Europe. "This is just the beginning - we will continue!"
commented Michel Blumenstein during the Berlin activities of the work
German Press Release from German Work Group on Data Retention (only in
German, 1.06.2008)
The "Pigeon Project" - international artists of the Amsterdam Sandberg
Recordings of the independent radio station broadcasts (only in German,
Petition against the BKA law (Federal Criminal Police Office law) (only in
(contribution by German Work Group on Data Retention - Germany)
8. ENDitorial: Sweden is listening to all internet and phone conversations
In Denmark we already have Data Retention in place and the rest of
Europe will follow soon. That means that our own countries demand that
Internet companies and phone companies log who we phone, email with,
chat with, which websites we visit, etc. This is something that the
IT-Political Associations of Denmark (IT-Pol) fights against.
Sweden has now taken one more step towards the complete surveillance of
its citizens as well as citizens of the rest of the world.
The Swedish Parliament (Riksdagen) passed a law that instructs all
telephone and Internet operators to deliver a copy of all phone and
Internet communication crossing Swedish borders to the Swedish
intelligence service FRA. FRA will then use a big spying network and one
of the most powerful supercomputers in the world to investigate the
content of this communication.
For a phone or Internet customer inside or outside Sweden, it is for all
practical purposes impossible to know if a phone call or Internet
connection crosses the Swedish border. For example, Denmark is located
next to Sweden, several big Swedish phone and Internet companies operate
in Denmark, and there are many high capacity sea cables between Denmark
and Sweden. Much of the traffic from Russia also passes Sweden and that
is probably one of the motivations for the law.
It is not possible to know beforehand whether e.g. an email or web-page
viewing will go through Sweden and after all you can never be sure that your
traffic did not go through Sweden. However in some cases you can tell
if your traffic did go through Sweden. IT-Pol has investigated various
uses of the Internet and has discovered that for example Internet
traffic to the Ministry of Ecclesiastical Affairs goes through
Sweden. That means that the Swedish FRA intelligence will listen to
every email from Danes to a Danish priest. Computerworld Denmark wrote that
communication from the Danish intelligence also passes through Sweden.
IT-Pol believes that Internet users should not be subjected to such a
massive and systematic surveillance and bugging. There are probably many
intelligence organizations around the world that try to tap Internet
traffic. But in our part of the world it is exceptional that a
government require all operators to deliver a copy of internet users'
private data to the intelligence service.
IT-Pol has twice contacted the Swedish Parliament. The letters (in
Danish) are available at itpol.dk.
This law has caused massive public opposition in Sweden and the vote
barely got passed in the Parliament.
It is important that citizens, politicians, and organizations outside of
Sweden also speak out and make it clear that this monitoring madness is
not acceptable.
Internet providers outside of Sweden can alleviate the effects of the
Swedish monitoring by not sending Internet traffic through Sweden unless
the recipient is in Sweden. Alternatively, they can encrypt all traffic
going through Sweden. Tolstrup from the Telecommunication Industries
Association in Denmark said in a statement to the Internet magazine
ComOn that FRA can require Danish operators to hand over encryption
keys. This is not obvious from the text of the FRA-law and IT-Pol is
still investigating if this is really true. We have asked some members
of the Swedish Parliament about it, but received no answer. If it is
true, it is an even more serious attack on the freedom of the users of
the Internet.
Content providers inside and outside of Sweden can encrypt their
content. On most webservers a simple change in the configuration will
enable SSL-encryption so that users of the website are protected against
the Swedish snooping, even if the content passes the Swedish border.
Users can also protect their privacy, even against FRA. They can use
encrypted IP telephony, they can use the TOR network to surf the Web, they
can send and receive their e-mail encrypted, etc.
IT-Pol has taken the initiative of the Polippix project, which provides a
live CD, enabling users to take advantage of these technologies. Polippix is
now an international project, translated into several languages and used in
many countries including Denmark, Germany, France, Thailand and Sweden.
IT-Political Association of Denmark
TOR Project
'Yes' to surveillance law (18.06.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: A new "NSA FRAnchise" set up in Sweden? (4.06.2008)
(Contribution by Niels Elgaard Larsen - Chairman, IT-Political Association
of Denmark)
9. Recommended Action
The Commission has opened a public consultation by 31 July 2008 on age
verification, cross media rating & classification and online social
The purpose of the public consultation is to gather the knowledge and views
of all relevant stakeholders (including public bodies, child safety and
consumer organisations, industry). The gathered information will be fed into
this year's Safer Internet Forum 2008, which will be dedicated to the above
mentioned topics.
10. Recommended Reading
Article 29 Working Party - Opinion 2/2007 on information to passengers about
the transfer of PNR data to US authorities, Adopted on 15 February 2007 and
revised and updated on 24 June 2008
Kieran Poynter's Review of information security at HM Revenue and Customs
Independent Police Complaints Commission report into loss of data at HMRC
Sir Gus O'Donnell's report on Data Handling Procedures in government
Sir Edmund Burton's report into the Loss of MOD Personal Data
11. Agenda
7-8 July 2008, London, UK
Developing New Models Of Content Delivery Online & Innovative Strategies For
Effectively Tackling Copyright Infringement
7-9 July 2008, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business 21st Annual International Conference
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
22 September 2008, Istanbul, Turkey
Workshop on Applications of Private and Anonymous Communications
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing

@_date: 2008-07-16 22:18:58
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.14, 16 July 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.14, 16 July 2008
1. Vote in the EP committees on the Telecom Package
2. Dutch University sued to stop publishing research on chip technology
3. Russian blogger sentenced for comments on the blog
4. Copiepresse attacks EC for copyright infringement, but gets dismissed
5. Complaint against the French govt to annul the biometric passport decree
6. Irish Human Rights Commission added to data retention challenge
7. Privacy complaints related to Google's Street View
8. New threats for UK file-sharers
9. Liberty groups win long court battle against UK wiretapping
10. ENDitorial: Massive mobilization against EDVIGE, the new French database
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Vote in the EP committees on the Telecom Package
The IMCO (Internal Market Committee) and ITRE (Committee on Industry,
Research and Energy) committees of the European Parliament (EP) adopted on
the 7 July 2008 the Telecom package, including the amendments that were
considered by some NGOs as endangering the principle of the neutrality of
the Internet.
One of the MEPs supervising the Telecom package, including the amendments to
the five directives that should reform the EU legal framework on electronic
communications has explained that the vote on these amendments had nothing
to do with copyright enforcement: "There has been a great deal of dismay in
the committee at the interpretation being put on these amendments.(...) The
interpretation of them is alarmist and scare-mongering and deflects from the
intention which was to improve consumers' rights." declared MEP Malcolm
Harbou for BBC.
But the NGOs supported their initial comments that the present adopted texts
could open the way to the regulation of users via the Internet Service
Providers under the control of national regulators.  They also praised
the civic response to their campaign that has reached some MEPs, who
highlighted part of the problematic amendments in the Telecom Package during
the EP committees debates.
Other privacy issues related with the management of traffic data has created
problems within the IMCO committee that should have included the opinion
from the Civil Rights Committee (LIBE). But the Socialist and Green MEPs
from the IMCO committee did not back up the suggestion of the LIBE committee
to allow the processing of electronic traffic data by "any natural or legal
Other discussions in the ITRE committee of the EP rejected the idea of a
unique EU telecom authority and suggested instead a new group called Body of
European Regulators in Telecoms (BERT), formed by the 27 national regulatory
ITRE committe backed up the proposals to enhance the use of radio
frequencies, but demanded several safeguards on media pluralism, public
interest or emergency services.
The final vote on the Telecom package was initially planned on 2 September,
but since it is clear that there will be some debates on the above-mentioned
topics, the vote was delayed for the session starting on 22 September.
MEPs back contested telecoms plan (8.07.2008)
The "Telecoms Package": out of the shadows, into the light (10.07.2008)
MEPs discard plan for single EU telecoms watchdog (9.07.2008)
EU Parliament split over electronic data protection (10.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: Control on Internet users pushed with the new telecom package
2. Dutch University sued to stop publishing research on chip technology
Dutch chipmaker NXP Semiconductors has sued the Dutch Computer Security
Group of Radboud University in Nijmege in order to stop the publication of
research results showing security flaws in NXP's Mifare Classic wireless
smart cards used in transit and building entry systems around the world.
The technology is used for the transit system in The Netherlands, in the
subway systems in London, Hong Kong and Boston, as well as in cards for
accessing buildings and facilities, covering 80 percent of the market.
The security researchers of the Dutch university have checked the Mifare
system used with Oyster cards for transport in London and recently succeeded
in cracking the encryption on a card and clone it. They added credit to it
and moved freely around London's Underground network.
According to Dr. Bart Jacobs, professor of computer security at the
university, by using a computer and an RFID reader, in just a few seconds,
the Oyster card's encryption can be cracked. "We need to eavesdrop on the
communication between a card and a card reader. From that communication we
can deduce secret cryptographic keys that are used to protect the contents
of the card. Once we have the keys we 'own' the card and can manipulate it
as we like" said Jacobs.
The University issued a statement in March this year saying: "Because some
cards can be cloned, it is in principle possible to access buildings and
facilities with a stolen identity. This has been demonstrated on an actual
system." Jacobs demonstrated how the London transit system can be used for
free. He obtained the key used by the London transit system then he passed
by passengers carrying Oyster cards and was able to collect their card
information on his laptop and make a clone of it. The scientist has given
NXP the opportunity to fix the security problems waiting with the
publication and presentation of the results for some time but as NXP did not
solve the issue decided to go on with the university plans of publishing the
The Dutch university's research builds upon Karsten Nohl's work, a graduate
student of the University of Virginia, and expert on the security for NXP.
"NXP has had half a year now to inform about the lack of security in their
product, but instead they have used the best part of that to dismiss our
research, dismiss the Dutch group's research, and to claim that everything
is purely theoretical. So, if anything, NXP has invoked this type of public
demonstration, since they have often claimed that 'yes in theory it may be
insecure but in practice it isn't'. So had they not kept up the
disinformation that (the Mifare could actually be secure) nobody would have
paid attention to the Dutch group actually hacking the Oyster card" stated
The Computer Security Group publication comes during a long and heated
public debate in the Dutch parliament and the media on the merits of large
scale computer systems, their quality and security standards and the
government's capacity to manage these kind of projects. The publication of
the University research may be essential for this debate.
The Dutch court decision is expected on 17 July 2008.
Censoring Dutch Academia: Computer Security Scholars taken to Court
Dutch chipmaker sues to silence security researchers (9.07.2008)
Has London's Oyster travelcard system been cracked? (26.06.2008)
Cryptoanalysis of Crypto-1
Security Flaw in Mifare Classic - press release Digital Security group,
Radboud University Nijmegen (12.03.2008)
London transit cards cracked and cloned (26.06.2008)
NXP sues academic research team - what are they afraid of? (10.07.2008)
3. Russian blogger sentenced for comments on the blog
On 7 July 2008, a Russian blogger was sentenced to one year suspended jail
after having been found guilty of "inciting hatred and enmity" for a comment
left on a LiveJournal weblog.
According to Kommersant newspaper, the young blogger Savva Terentiev was
saying on the blog that "Those who become cops are scum," and calling for
officers to be put on a bonfire. For his alleged offence, inciting hatred
and denigrating the human dignity of a social group, the prosecutors were
asking for a significant fine and two years behind bars, which seemed
excessive. During the trial, Terentyev referred to his statements on the
blog that corrupt cops should burned in Auschwitz-like ovens as "hyperbole
and exaggeration," and apologized to concentration camp victims and the
police officers he might have "involuntarily hurt with the contested
commentary." The final court decision was to sentence the blogger to one
suspended jail year.
Free speech campaigners are concerned about the fact that the ruling might
create a dangerous precedent for free speech on the Internet, especially in
Russia where the mainstream traditional media is biased in favour of the
"This was an absolutely unjustified verdict. (...) Savva for sure wrote a
rude comment ... but this verdict means it will be impossible to make rude
comments about anybody" told Alexander Verkhovsky, director of the SOVA
centre in Moscow, a non-governmental group that monitors extremism, to
Reuters agency.
Recently, the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has expressed his views on
the freedom of speech saying Russia should use a light touch when policing
the Internet."Thank God we live in a free society. (...) It's possible to go
on to the Internet and get basically anything you want. In that regard,
there are no problems of closed access to information in Russia today, there
weren't any yesterday and there won't be any tomorrow," he said last month
in an interview with Reuters.
Russian blogger sentenced for "extremist" post (7.07.2008)
Russian Blogger Sentenced Over LiveJournal Comment (7.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: More control over the Internet wanted in Russia (7.05.2008)
4. Copiepresse attacks EC for copyright infringement, but gets dismissed
The Belgium newspaper Association Copiepresse has initiated a legal
complaint against the European Commission (EC) arguing that it infringes its
copyright through the NewsBrief and NewsExplorer aggregation services.
Copiepresse became famous for its copyright suit against Google and other
search engines claiming copyright infringement over the aggregation services
done by the search engines. The association has initiated a new action in
the Belgian Court of Seizures considering that the European Commission is
counterfeiting its member's news articles by using small part of them in
order to prepare a news collation marketed as NewsBrief and NewsExplorer.
The Belgium Court rejected the Copiepresse claim, confirming the EC opinion
that the competent courts on the matter are the European Courts.
Copiepresse announced that they wouldn't appeal the decision, claiming
"startegic reasons" and explaining that they just wanted to get the EC out
in the open, since they didn't reply to any message on the topic. But at the
same time the Association announced that they would continue the case in the
Bruxelles civil court, where an action of cease&desist has already been
The European Commission representatives claimed in court that its services
are just press reviews, that fall under the exemptions from the copyright
law protection.
The judge initially ordered a judicial expertise in order to gather more
technical information about how the site was built, but then he dismissed
this evidence and took his decisions only on jurisdictional grounds.
Copiepresse sues the European Commission to the civil court (only in French,
Belgian press beef with EU beaten in Belgian court (1.07.2008)
Belgian agency to sue European Commission again over news aggregator
EDRi-gram: Belgium newspaper group continues its actions against search
engines (25.10.2006)
5. Complaint against the French govt to annul the biometric passport decree
Two French associations, EDRi-member Imaginons un riseau internet solidaire
(IRIS) and Ligue des droits de l'Homme (LDH), have filed a complaint
against the French government before the highest administrative Court. They
ask the French Conseil d'Itat to annul the decree issued on 30 April 2008 by
the French government on biometric passports.
The associations consider the decree had been issued under an irregular
procedure by  publishing the Opinion in the Official Journal 6 days after
the decree had been published, instead of presenting them at the same time,
as required by law.
The provisions of the decree stipulate the collection of eight fingerprints
for passport applicants starting with 6 years old children and the creation
of a central biometric database for retaining and processing the collected
IRIS and LDH argue that the nature, the quantity and the retaining period of
these data in a central database are disproportionate with regards to the
decree's objectives, which remain the same as in the previous passport
decree of December 2005, where fingerprints were not required. Moreover,
they believe that the decree is violating the national as well as
international legislation regarding the protection of the personal data. It
also violates international legislation related to children.
The two associations link the requirements of this decree to the provisions
of the draft law on biometric ID cards currently being prepared. They state
that, if the decree is not annulled, the government would, under the pretext
of more easily issuing identity cards and passports, influence the debate in
the French Parliament on the biometric identity card project.
Biometric passport : IRIS and LDH ask the State Council to annul the decree
(only in French, 4.07.2008)
Common Press Release - IRIS and LDH (only in French, 4.07.2008)
Text of the legal complaint (only in French 4.07.2008)
EDRIgram: The French Government goes against CNIL in biometric passports
6. Irish Human Rights Commission added to data retention challenge
The High Court in Dublin has allowed the Irish Human Rights Commission to
become a party to the data retention challenge being brought by Digital
Rights Ireland. The Human Rights Commission, which is a state body, will be
an amicus curiae (friend of the court) with the ability to make submissions
about the fundamental rights implications of data retention. The Chief
Executive of the Commission Iamonn Mac Aodha stated:
"This case raises important issues about the extent to which laws and
measures governing the monitoring of one's private life by the State in
pursuit of tackling crime possess sufficient human rights safeguards". Mr
MacAodha continued "one of the priorities of the IHRC is to address
potential threats to human rights that may emerge with developments in
communications technology such as in the present case where issues of
individual security and privacy are raised."
Irish Human Rights Commission given permission to appear in DRI action
IHRC granted leave to appear in Data Protection Case in the High Court
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
7. Privacy complaints related to Google's Street View
Privacy International has complained to the Information Commissioner's
Office (ICO) against Google's Street View cars, which grab real photographs
of streets and people, that get loaded into Google Maps.
Street View distinctive cars have been recently spotted on London. The
system allows Google's users to view 360 degree photographs of streetscapes
in towns and cities that have been catalogued by Google cameras.
Privacy International has expressed its reservations towards Google's
practice in a letter sent to the company: "You may be aware that Privacy
International has stated, both privately to Google legal staff and to the
media, that we are concerned about a number of potential violations of
national law that this technology may create," said the letter signed by
director Simon Davies.
Google had stated the company had implemented a technology that would blur
faces and vehicle number plates allowing at the same time high quality
images. Google's senior privacy counsel Jane Horvath  had answered to Davies
explaining that the face and number plate blurring technology had been in
place since May. "As with all such systems operating at this scale our
blurring technology is not perfect - we occasionally miss a face or license
plate, for example if they are partially covered, or at a difficult angle.
(...) However, we tested the technology thoroughly before launch and I am
confident that it finds and blurs the vast majority of identifiable faces
and license plates. For the few that we miss, the tools within the product
make it easy for users to report a face or license plate for extra blurring.
As always, users can still ask for their image to be removed from the
product entirely" said Horvarth.
In its letter, Privacy International was asking from Google to provide,
within seven days, technical specifications of the blurring technology used,
otherwise it would have to make a complaint to ICO. Having not received the
required information, the privacy group placed the complaint which was
confirmed by a spokeswoman for ICO: "Yes, we have received a complaint about
this and we are looking into it. We are contacting Google to get more
details of the scheme" said the spokeswoman to The Register.
This comes at a time when ICO asks for changes to European data protection
laws to keep up with changing technology. "European data protection law is
increasingly seen as out of date, bureaucratic and excessively prescriptive.
It is showing its age and is failing to meet new challenges to privacy, such
as the transfer of personal details across international borders and the
huge growth in personal information online. (...)"It is high time the law is
reviewed and updated for the modern world." said Richard Thomas, UK ICO. The
ICO has hired RAND Corporation to review European data protection laws for
possible reforming.
Some recent rulings of the Court of Appeal might be to Google's advantage.
"If the photographs had been taken to show the scene in a street by a
passer-by and later published as street scenes, that would be one thing, but
they were not taken as street scenes but were taken deliberately, in secret
and with a view to their subsequent publication," said Lord Hope in one of
his ruling.
On the other hand, while reluctant for some time, giving in to privacy
advocates' pressure, Google has added a link to its privacy policy from its
front page. Google home page contains now the word 'privacy' near the
bottom, beside the copyright notice. The word is a link to a page containing
all Google's privacy information.
Google's spycar revs up UK privacy fears (7.07.2008)
Privacy group protests about Street View, but Google says blurring protects
privacy (7.07.2008)
Google's controversial Street View hits the UK (3.07.2008)
Google bows to pressure, adds privacy link to home page (7.07.2008)
Google, privacy and Street View (4.07.2008)
EDRIgram - Google StreetView might breach EU laws (21.05.2008)
8. New threats for UK file-sharers
After the letters sent from Virgin Media to its customers on alleged
file-sharing activities, British Telecom (BT), the UK's largest broadband
provider, has started a similar activity.
The Register has received information from one of the BT subscribers that
has received such a letter from the Customer Security Team
stating: ""I have received a complaint regarding one of our customers
offering copyrighted material over the internet. On investigation, I have
found that your account was used to make this offer."
The letter contained evidence put forward by BPI, that was shared by BT with
its customer and consisted, in this case, of the P2P programme Ares user
agent, a time stamp, a file name and an IP address. The letter provided
information on how to secure their WiFi connection, but also threaten with
disconnection if similar activities continued: "Sorry, but we're obliged to
point out that further similar problems may have to lead to the termination
of your account, as such activity contravenes BT's Acceptable Use Policy."
More aggressive threats have been reported being sent by Virgin Media to
approx 800 subscribers with the following text on the envelope: "Important.
If you don't read this, your broadband could be disconnected". Virgin Media
spokeswoman claimed that the text was a mistake and explained that this was
part of an education campaign: ""We are not accusing our customers of doing
anything, we are alerting them to the fact that illegal file sharing has
been tracked to their account. This could have been someone else in the
house or an unsecured wireless network. This is an education campaign."
In sending these letters, the ISPs do not share confidential information
with BPI and do not monitor their users, but only receive from the BPI
investigators the collected IP addresses of the customers having
participated in alleged p2p copyrighted material sharing. The ISP identifies
the exact individual and sends him (her) the template letter.
Even though the BPI campaign has attracted two of the major British ISPs in
this "education campaign", other ISPs have promptly rejected such
collaboration. Carphone Warehouse make it clear that they just give access
to Internet:
"We are the conduit that gives users access to the internet. We do not
control the internet, nor do we control what our users do on the internet. I
cannot foresee any circumstances in which we would voluntarily disconnect a
customer's account on the basis of a third party alleging a wrongdoing",
said Charles Dunstone, the chief executive of Carphone Warehouse, to BBC.
Virgin admits disconnection threat mistake (3.07.2008)
We won't cut off users, says Virgin (3.07.2008)
Virgin warns 800 punters for file-sharing (3.07.2008)
BT starts threatening music downloaders with internet cut-off (26.06.2008)
EDRi-gram: British ISPs warn Internet downloaders on the risk of being
prosecuted (18.06.2008)
9. Liberty groups win long court battle against UK wiretapping
After nine years of legal battle by civil rights groups in London and
Dublin, the European Court of Human Rights ruled on 1 July 2008 that UK
Government had violated Human Rights by tapping their communications
between 1990 and 1997.
Liberty groups, along with British Irish Rights Watch and the Irish Council
for Civil Liberties, have claimed their communications were subject to
indiscriminate surveillance by MoD's Electronic Test Facility that had
eavesdropped on their phone, fax, email and data communications between 1990
and 1997.
After having first lodged complaints with the UK's Interception of
Communications Tribunal, the DPP and the Investigatory Powers Tribunal
without results because the local courts ruled "there was no contravention
to the Interception of Powers Act 1985". Finally, the groups obtained the
European Human Rights Court ruling that the UK had violated article 8 of the
European Convention on Human Rights providing the right to respect for
private and family life and correspondence.
The court found that the 1985 Act has given the UK government "virtually
unlimited" discretion to intercept communications between the UK and an
external receiver, as well as "wide discretion" to decide which
communications were listened to or read. The government had guidelines to
ensure a "safeguard against abuse of power", but the UK's 1985 interception
law "had not indicated with sufficient clarity... the scope or manner of the
exercise of the very wide discretion of the conferred on the State to
intercept and examine external communications" so as to guard against abuse
of power.
For 10 years now, the 1985 Act has been replaced by RIPA which has the same
objective to detect terrorism and serious crime but it is mostly applied by
local councils for minor infringements.
The court ruled that procedures regarding the use and storage of intercepted
material should be established so as to make these procedures more
transparent for the public. "While secret surveillance is a valuable tool,
the mechanisms for intercepting our telephone calls and emails should be as
open and accountable as possible, and should ensure proportionate use of
very wide powers" said Alex Gask, Liberty's legal officer.
The ruling will have strong implications for UK's present legislation on
phonetapping and interception of communications, and as Mark Kelly, Director
of the Irish Council for Civil Liberties believes, clear implications for
many other member states of the Council of Europe member states, such as
Ireland: "Our lax data interception regime will require a thorough overhaul
in order to ensure that it meets the standards required by the European
Court of Human Rights under Article 8."
Liberty called for an overhaul of RIPA. However, the Home Office stated on 2
July it did not think the ruling had any implications on RIPA and UK's
current legislation covering covert investigations.
Court rules 90s UK.gov wiretaps violated human rights (2.07.2008)
Security: UK phonetap laws breach privacy (2.07.2008)
UK surveillance breaches human rights, rules ECHR (2.07.2008)
10. ENDitorial: Massive mobilization against EDVIGE, the new French database
Remember the movie 'Das Leben der Anderen' (The Lives of Others), where a
Stasi agent was monitoring a playwriter's life? This doesn't translate
anymore in French into 'La vie des autres', but rather into EDVIGE, the name
of a newly created database to be used by French intelligence services and
the administrative police.
EDVIGE will file "individuals, groups, organisations and moral persons
which, due to their individual or collective activity, are likely to attempt
to public order". Not only these persons will be filed (without any offence
committed), but also "those who undertake or have undertaken direct and non
fortuitous relations with them." Filing starts at age 13.
This, clearly, means filing everyone, in view of "informing the government
and the representatives of the State" in any and all French town and region.
In other words, EDVIGE, which has been created by a decree issued on 27 June
2008 in the framework of the merging of two French intelligence services (RG
and DST), is the perfect instrument of a political police.
EDVIGE will contains data on "civil status and occupation; physical
addresses, phone numbers, email addresses; physical characteristics,
photographs and behaviour; identity papers; car plate numbers; fiscal and
patrimonial information; moves and legal history."
As highlighted by lesbians and gays associations, this will include data on
sexual orientation and health, in particular HIV seropositivity. This has
been confirmed by a representative of the Interior ministry, who declared
that "the mention of these data will only be authorised for incidental need
in relation with an activity. In the intelligence field, this mainly means
activism." Moreover, French EDRI member IRIS notes that the inclusion of
"identity papers" in these data is particularly significant in the context
of the newly created French biometric passport including 8 fingerprints and
of the draft law in preparation on biometric ID cards.
A large mobilization against EDVIGE immediately started, with a petition
calling for the withdrawal of this file. This petition is hosted and
maintained by RAS ('Riseau associatif et syndical'), an NGO acting as an ISP
for its members, almost 200 activist NGOs and trade unions, among them EDRI
member IRIS. The petition has already gathered since 10 July 2008 more than
16.000 individual signatures, and more than 170 signatures from
associations, trade unions and political parties from the opposition.
Signatories will organize into a global coordination against the EDVIGE
file, and are preparing various actions starting from next September. In the
mean time, some of these groups will file a complaint against the French
government, requesting the annulment of the EDVIGE decree.
But EDVIGE is not alone. Her twin sister, CRISTINA, has also been created on
the same day. CRISTINA aims at "Centralising inland intelligence for
homeland security and national interests." But that's all that we know about
CRISTINA: using the article 26.III provision of the French Data Protection
Act, the government decided not to publish the decree creating CRISTINA. As
a consequence, the CNIL's opinion on CRISTINA has not been published either,
except to attest that this opinion was "favourable, with reservations."
Actually, the same secret has been observed for 6 other newly created files,
related to inland and foreign intelligence, as well as military services.
Not a good sign for these "Sarkozy's babies."
Decree n0 2008-632 creating EDVIGE file (only in French, 27.06.2008)
CNIL's opinion on EDVIGE (only in French, 16.06.2008)
Tjtu: L'Intirieur reconnant qu'+Edvige; sera utilisi pour ficher les
militants (only in French, 12.07.2008)
IRIS: Appel ` signatures : IRIS soutient l'appel pour l'abandon du fichier
EDVIGE (only in French, 11.07.2008)
'Non ` EDVIGE': Petition website, with press releases and press articles
(only in French, since 10.07.2008)
Decree n0 2007-914 of 15 May 2007, as modified by Decree n02008-631 of 27
June 2008 to create CRISTINA and other files (only in French, 01.07.2008
consolidated version)
CNIL's opinion on CRISTINA (only in French, 16.06.2008)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS- France)
11. Recommended Reading
UK: Biometrics Assurance Group Annual Report 2007
A government expert group has warned of a 'large impact' on the National
Identity Scheme from those who cannot use fingerprinting, such as many
elderly people.
12. Agenda
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
3-5 September 2008, Prague, Czech Republic
The Third International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
22 September 2008, Istanbul, Turkey
Workshop on Applications of Private and Anonymous Communications
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
11 October 2008: Europe-wide action day "Freedom not fear"
Protests, demonstrations and activities against the surveillance mania
15-17 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
30th International Data Protection and Privacy Conference
20.-21 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
European Dialogue on Internet Governance (EuroDIG)
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology, and Society, Tilburg University
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-06-04 18:06:12
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.11, 4 June 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.11, 4 June 2008
1. Hungarian Data Retention Law - challenged at the Constitutional Court
2. Social networking sites might be regulated in EU
3. Czech Parliament - close in implementing data retention directive
4. Deutsche Telekom under investigation for spying on its employees
5. ICO worried about a UK Government-owned traffic data database
6. Dutch Parliament lowers data retention term to 12 months
7. BitTorrent tracker sites threatened by draft ACTA agreement
8. Finish CSS decision overturned
9. Creative Commons Bulgaria Licence upheld in court
10. ENDitorial: A new "NSA FRAnchise" set up in Sweden?
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Hungarian Data Retention Law - challenged at the Constitutional Court
The Hungarian Civil Liberties Union (HCLU) has filed its complaint with the
Constitutional Court requesting an ex post examination for
unconstitutionality and the annulment of the data retention provisions of
Act C of 2003 on electronic communications.
On 15 March 2008, the regulations implementing the 2006/24/EC Directive
on data retention entered into force in Hungary. Act C of 2003 on electronic
communications did not need much amendment since it already comprised
numerous restrictive data retention provisions prior to the directive. The
only changes of the amendments were the retention of Internet communications
data and the elimination of the lax - but at least pre-defined - legal
purposes of the data processing. Moreover the amendments totally disregarded
the provision of the directive that data should be "available for the
purpose of investigation, detection and prosecution of serious crime".
The HCLU's main concern in its complaint was the retention of personal data
for "the stock" without previously defined purposes. A 1991 decision of
the Constitutional Court prohibited such data processing and the Act on
Protection of Personal Data adopted a year later, also contains this ban.
HCLU has also stressed that data retention might be detrimental not only to
privacy but also to other fundamental rights such as freedom of information,
freedom of the press, freedom of conscience and freedom of religion, freedom
of assembly and freedom of petition.
Constitutional complaint filed by HCLU against Hungarian telecom data
retention regulations (2.06.2008)
(Contribution by Adam Foldes - Hungarian Civil Liberties Union)
2. Social networking sites might be regulated in EU
On 27 May 2008, the European Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA)
called for new legislation that would regulate social networking sites.
ENISA, which was created in 2004 to oversee online security measures in the
27 EU countries, issued a preliminary report of its General Report in which
it pointed out that social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace
need more regulation to protect their users against
security risks. "Social networking sites are very useful social tools but we
must make recommendations for how to better protect people from the risks
these sites create," said Andreas Pirotti, executive director of ENISA and
author of the report. He suggested the EU legislation should be expanded in
order to "cover the taking of photos of people and posting them on the
In Pirotti's opinion, network security is under a permanent threat from
spammers or criminals. "Internet security is extremely important,
considering how much business takes place online now. We don't want
infrastructures to be disrupted, we don't want a digital 9/11 to happen," he
said. He also considers crucial to "raise awareness about how social
networking sites work. Few people realize that they can be offered up as
friends to people they don't know. Also, many people don't realize that it's
almost impossible to erase material once it has appeared on the internet".
Some of the threats related to social networking identified by ENISA are
related to face recognition, digital dossiers, reputation damage, social
engineering attacks on enterprises, phishing attacks, ID theft and others.
The report of the organisation includes 19 recommendations to social
networks on ways to improve their security practices.
Among other things, ENISA calls for a regulatory review of social networking
frameworks, an increased transparency of data handling practices, more
education for users on security, and the discouragement or even banning of
social networking in schools.
A study conducted by enterprise IT management company CA and the National
Cyber Security Alliance in 2006 found out that the majority of users of
social networking sites were not very aware of the security issues involved.
83 percent of them admitted having downloaded unknown files from unknown
users and 74 percent said that they were easily providing the personal data
online. Also, a Symantec report issued in 2007 showed that social
networking sites offer easy pickings for phishers. The security practices of
the respective sites make it easier to invade and to spread attacks to more
Top EU security agency calls for policing of social network (27.05.2008)
EU may regulate social networking sites over security issues (27.08.2008)
ENISA General Report 2007 - adopted, non designed version
3. Czech Parliament - close in implementing data retention directive
Czech Parliament is close to approving the data retention implementation as
an Act amending the Electronic Communications Act (127/2005 Coll.). Due to
the early introduction of the data retention obligation in the text of the
2005 Act, the current amending draft law implementing the data retention
directive is more specific.
EDRi-member IuRe intended to take the opportunity to amend the Act in order
to respect privacy. IuRe prepared a set of amendments aiming to shorten the
retention period to 6 months (currently one year), to include data that are
subject to retention into the text of the Act (currently the data are
specified only in a Minister regulation, so it can be modified without
parliamentary debates) and to prevent intelligence services from accessing
the retained data. Risk of misusing the databases for other purposes than
those specified in the directive is obvious: the intentions to allow the use
of operational and localization data by the intelligence services leaked to
the press in November 2007 and it was acknowledged recently by the
IuRe's proposals to abolish reimbursements of data retention costs to
telecoms and ISP providers and the proposal to clearly entitle only the
Police to use the data were adopted by the Committee for Security of the
Chamber of Deputies.
Unfortunately, the proposal of the Committee for Security of the Chamber of
Deputies and other amendments proposed by individual MPs were not assumed by
the plenum at the third reading.
Following the current legislative procedure, the draft Amending Act is now
pending in the Senate, but there is no real chance to change its text.
The Czech Republic has thus implemented the data retention directive and
obliges providers to store data for one year costing tax payers around 6.5
million euro per year. The draft Amending Act leaves a backdoor for
intelligence services to use the databases. Also, the present form leaves to
the Minister of Transportation the decision on the scope of the retained
More information (Czech only)
EDRi-gram: Dispute over data retention costs in Czech Republic (15.02.2006)
(Contribution by Helena Svatosova, EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium - Czech
4. Deutsche Telekom under investigation for spying on its employees
The giant German telecommunication company is under investigation by
national prosecutors for a presumed breach of privacy, after having spied on
the phone calls of its managers, journalists and even board members.
According to Der Spiegel newspaper, the former monopoly incumbent operator -
still 31.7% owned by the German government - illegally monitored the phone
calls of parts of its staff during 2005-2006 when the company was laying off
workers. It seems the company hired an outside agency to monitor contacts
between members of its supervisory board and journalists.
The company has partially admitted the allegations saying the monitoring was
carried out to find out who was leaking information to the press. Rene
Obermann, the chief executive of the group, stated the company had not been
aware of the issue and that the illegal actions were taken by
the security department of the company, which has been dissolved in the
meantime. "I am shaken to the core by these allegations. We take the
situation most seriously. We have called in the public prosecutor's office
and will support them in their full investigation of these allegations" he
The company also claimed that the calls were not listened to, and that the
investigation was just trying to establish the date, the duration of the
calls and what phone numbers board members had called. "The allegations made
against the company do not relate to any unlawful use of the content of
calls - in other words they do not concern the tapping of calls.(...) Call
records are details of the time, duration and participants of calls" was the
company's statement.
Legal expert Thomas Hoeren said that in Germany there had been more and more
cases of companies watching their employees, which is not an issue as
actually this is allowed by the law. However, Deutsche Telekom broke more
than privacy laws by collecting all the telephone data from their CEOs and
the people supervising the company which is not only a violation of data
protection or privacy regulations but also a violation of telecommunications
secrecy, which is protected under criminal law. If a company allows its
employees to use the telephones in their offices for private use, as was
Deutsche Telekom's case, they are no longer considered as employees but also
as private persons. So, the company was not allowed to monitor its
employees' telephone connections. Hoeren also stated there was no
justification for a company to violate telecommunications secrecy and he
also considered there was an implicit violation of press freedom.
"The interesting problem in this case is that state attorneys are now
investigating what happened at Deutsche Telekom, but this can only lead to a
punishment for individuals acting as representatives of Deutsche Telekom.
The company as such is out of bounds. What people now want are increased
sanctions against the company, not just against the individuals behind the
company. In the current situation, Deutsche Telekom can only get a fine of
perhaps 25,000 euros, which is nothing for them" said the expert.
Prosecutors are examining now whether or not to open a case of violation of
data protection laws against Deutsche Telekom.
Prosecutors investigate Deutsche Telekom over data misuse (29.05.2008)
Prosecutors probe Deutsche Telekom on data misuse (29.05.2008)
Prosecutors probe Deutsche Telekom (29.05.2008)
Telekom Breaks More than Privacy Laws in Criminal Spy Case (27.05.2008)
5. ICO worried about a UK Government-owned traffic data database
The new Communications Data Bill proposed by the Home Office has met the
opposition of the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) which has shown
concerns related to the proposals of building one Government-owned database
with records of phone calls, email and Internet use in the UK.
In ICO's opinion, the action is not justified. "If the intention is to bring
all mobile and internet records together under one system, this would give
us serious concerns and may well be a step too far. We are not aware of any
justification for the state to hold every UK citizen's phone and internet
records. (...) We have real doubts that such a measure can be justified, or
is proportionate or desirable. We have warned before that we are
sleepwalking into a surveillance society. Holding large collections of data
is always risky - the more data that is collected and stored, the bigger the
problem when the data is lost, traded or stolen" said Jonathan Bamford,
assistant Information Commissioner.
ICO is worried not only in connection to breaches of civil liberties but
also about the amount of power the Government will get over the information.
"Such a measure would require wider public discussion. Proper safeguards
would be needed to ensure that the data is only used for the proper purpose
of detecting crime" stated Bamford.
There are also doubts that the Government is able to guaranty the safety of
the system against internal as well as external misuse. The system might
prove too massive to be properly managed by the Government, ending up in a
huge loss of public money.
The concerns are also related to the fact the UK Government has a bad
history in keeping personal private data. As previously reported in the
EDRI-gram, HM Revenue and Customs lost 25 million people's personal details
in November, the Army lost a large amount of data with stolen laptops and a
contractor to the DVLA lost three million drivers' personal details in
Privacy watchdog opposes giant telecoms database (27.05.2008)
Home Office calls for a 'Big Brother' database (22.05.2008)
EDRI gram - UK Government will store all phone, Internet traffic data
EDRi-gram: Personal sensitive data keep on being lost in UK (30.01.2008)
6. Dutch Parliament lowers data retention term to 12 months
The Dutch Parliament has lowered the data retention term in its
implementation of the Data Retention directive to 12 months. The law
has still to pass the Dutch Senate, which has been more critical of data
retention in the last four years. A lot is still unclear about the law
and many concerns, like the absence of evidence for the resulting
interference with the right to private life and private communications,
have not been adequately addressed yet. Still, the legislature will try
to finalize the law before the summer break of the Parliament.
Interestingly, the three-party coalition forming the present Government
was split into three camps, arguing for 6, 12 and 18 months
respectively. The government kept arguing for 18 months, but a majority
voted for an amendment lowering the term to 12 months. This term
traces back to a report of the Erasmus University about the usefulness
and necessity of data retention for telecommunication traffic and
location data. After failing to prove such usefulness and necessity for
data older than 3 months, the researchers had talks with police
representatives. Based exclusively on those talks, the report
recommended a 12 month retention period. Later on, the Dutch Council of
State referred to that research and the proposed reasonable term of 12
months when it advised the government to lower the term.
Although the debate focused a lot on the retention term and the lack of
evidence, there are many other issues that were debated. The Parliament
also spoke about European developments, such as the procedure of Ireland
before the European Court of Justice and the constitutional challenge in
Germany. It also discussed the extent of parliamentary involvement with
the contents of the decree which will contain more details about data
retention in practice. The law now contains a list of data to be
retained, after concerns were raised that this was the core of a data
retention obligation and that the list would have to be agreed upon in
Parliament. Unfortunately, the list is not very precise. It is as
general as the list in the directive and seems to contain a mistake. Whereas
the data retention directive does not require the retention of the
destination for Internet use other than e-mail or telephony, the Dutch list
does not make this distinction anymore.
The costs of data retention for the sector and consumers were also an
issue of debate, but the available cost estimates are still vague. One
of the reasons is that the precise scope of the data retention
obligation for Internet traffic is unclear. General costs of data
retention will not be reimbursed. The question about storage of the data
in centralized or decentralized facilities has been evaded. At first,
the data will be stored by the providers but this could change in the
future. An amendment that would have restricted the possibility of
claiming complete data sets - to be used for data mining in the context
of combating terrorism - didn't make it. If the law is passed, both
national security and law enforcement agencies will have the possibility
to claim complete parts of the collection of data to be retained.
EDRi-gram: Dutch study fails to prove usefulness and necessity data
retention (29.05.2005)
EDRi-gram: Dutch DPA advises negatively on Dutch draft data retention
Data Retention 12 Months (only in Dutch, 22 May 2008)
The data retention implementation law as sent to the Dutch Senate (only in
Dutch, 22 May 2008)
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom -
7. BitTorrent tracker sites threatened by draft ACTA agreement
A new international trade agreement, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade
Agreement (ACTA), which is now under discussion might strengthen criminal
sanctions against BitTorrent tracker sites for exploiting copyright material
The tracker sites state they do not profit from Internet users sharing
music, movies and software, saying that the server and bandwidth costs are
supported by donations and advertising revenues. However, rights holder
organisations claim that BitTorrent administrators exploit copyright
material online and make a nice profit out of it.
A discussion paper that has been leaked online by Sunshine Media, the
company that runs the Wikileaks.org website, is under circulation now among
the US, EU, Canada, Japan, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, and Switzerland, on
the proposed ACTA. The paper includes "the types of provisions that could be
included in the agreement" and suggests "criminal sanctions to be applied to
(Intellectual Property Rights) infringements on a commercial scale (where
there are) significant willful infringements without motivation for
financial gain to such an extent as to prejudicially affect the copyright
owner (e.g. internet piracy)".
The discussion paper states "deterrent-level" penalties should be applied by
the Governments against criminal copyright infringement, and it also
proposes powers to seize and destroy equipment. The ACTA proposal in the
case of simple filesharers accused of civil infringement is the possibility
of the rights holder of asking compensations "including measures to overcome
the problem of rights holders not being able to get sufficient compensation
due to difficulty in assessing the full extent of the damage".
ISPs might face new sanctions as the ACTA will force them to hand over
personal information pertaining to "claimed infringement" or "alleged
infringers". ACTA might also attempt to introduce "remedies against
circumvention of technological protection measures used by copyright owners
and the trafficking of circumvention devices".
What the discussion paper also proposes is that ACTA create its own
governing body to be overseen by a committee made up of representatives from
member nations. According to a European Commission official, formal
negotiations on ACTA are expected to start this week in Geneva.
NGOs, such as IP Justice, heavily criticised the new negotiations: "After
the multilateral treaty's scope and priorities are negotiated by the few
countries invited to participate in the early discussions, ACTA's text will
be 'locked' and other countries who are later 'invited' to sign on to the
pact will not be able to re-negotiate its one-sided terms."
Meanwhile, in UK, the Police has arrested six people for allegedly sharing
music files via the defunct BitTorrent tracker OiNK.cd. Apparently the 6
persons were detained in "in relation to uploading pre-release music".
OiNK.cd was shutdown seven months ago in a Police raid at the Middlesbrough
home of its administrator.
International copyright talks seek BitTorrent-killer laws (27.05.2008)
Copyright deal could toughen rules governing info on iPods, computers BitTorrent tracker Mininova faces legal action (19.05.2008)
Embattled ACTA Negotiations Next Week In Geneva; US Sees Signing This Year UK cops arrest six alleged BitTorrent music uploaders (2.06.2008)
8. Finish CSS decision overturned
The Helsinki Court of Appeal overturned the initial decision taken by the
Helsinki District Court ruling that Content Scrambling System (CSS) used
in DVD movies is "ineffective".
The decision of the Court of Appeal was taken a year after the first ruling
concluded that "CSS protection can no longer be held 'effective' as defined
in law."
The defendant's counsel Mikko Vdlimdki explains on his blog that the Appeal
Court said that circumventing an access control would have been lawful. But
the court considered that the defendants circumvented a full copy protection
system (CSS), not just an access control, which is actually wrong.
Also Vdlimdki points out that the court considered that "it is ok to
circumvent if the circumvention happens without installing additional
software. The court claimed that you always need to install some kind of
"hack" software for Linux systems in order see DVDs. Again, the court erred.
In fact, you only need a (legal) player software like VLC or Mplayer, and
with some Linux distros player cabale of showing DVDs comes standard. In the
district court the technical witness from the Finnish criminal police
answered as questioned that with his Ubuntu installed fresh on the system
you just throw the DVD in and it shows the movie's icon on the destop, there
you just double-click and voila. You don't need *any* additional software in
that case."
The counsel announced that the decision would be appealed to the Supreme
Court in Finland, because the Appeal Court decided on the case and made
these errors because it took the decision only based on the case
Usually, it takes between 3-5 months for the Supreme Court to decide whether
they take the case.
Court of Appeal overturned the CSS decision (26.05.2008)
Finnish Appeals Court Overturns Decision That Said It Was Okay To Circumvent
Ineffective DRM (28.05.2008)
EDRi-gram: CSS protection used in DVDs is "ineffective" (6.06.2007)
9. Creative Commons Bulgaria Licence upheld in court
Veni Markovski from EDRi-member ISOC Bulgaria reports on his blog on the
first case when the CreativeCommons Licence was upheld in court in Bulgaria.
The Bulgarian blogger Elenko Elenkov filed a lawsuit against the newspaper
"24 hours" for having used one of his photos, licenced under the
CreativeCommons BY-SA, in one of their edition on 20 September 2007 on the
cover page and on page 3. The picture did not mention the author or the
licence used, but rather attributed the photo on page 3 to "The Internet".
The correction printed four days later by the newspaper was under the
headline and said that "pictures from the Internet forums also have an
author", and that the picture was published "in one of the Internet
forums", and acknowledged that the author was Elenko Elenkov.
Elenko claimed that the correction published by the newspaper is impairing
his image rather than admitting him as the author and claimed more than the
50 euros offered by the "24 hours" newspaper as compensation, even though
the newspapers is the second biggest in Bulgaria.
On the first hearing in this case at the Sofia Court on 27 May 2008, the
newspaper admitted that they had breached Elenko's copyright, but the trial
will continue to determine the right compensation.
Creative Commons License Recognized in Bulgarian Court (28.05.2008)
Elenko vs. "24 hours", Episode 7: "24 hours" acknowledged its mistake (only
in Bulgarian, 27.05.2008)
10. ENDitorial: A new "NSA FRAnchise" set up in Sweden?
Lex Orwell, a law proposal for total surveillance, is urgently being
pushed to a vote on 17 June 2008 by national security hawks in the
peaceful Kingdom of Sweden. It will mandate the "NSA franchise", the
FRA, to turn its forest of parabola ears and world's 5th largest super
computer to listen to you - or rather what you do, say and share on the
Internet - would an information package pass the Swedish borders.
FRA is the Swedish shorthand for The National Defence Radio
Establishment. An institution very active during the cold war but
without a clear task or purpose today since material from satellite
traffic from military activities the Baltics isn't particularly a la
mode any more. To stay in business, FRA has therefore for years pursued
a long term strategy to "improve raw material supply through
partnerships"  and to provide "on demand" intelligence to "support
government authorities and state owned companies regarding current IT
That does not make FRA into an "NSA franchise", does it? Well, a retired
FRA Intelligence Officer was recently quoted in a report to the Swedish
Journalist Fund for Education saying "Maybe FRA is a Swedish
organisation, which in limited ways cooperate with foreign intelligence
services. Or FRA is a part of an international surveillance group which
to a limited extent cooperate with the Swedish authorities. The problem
is that it is only FRA who knows."
While national security and "state secret privileges" are complex
matters of parliamentary checks and balances, the question is if Lex
Orwell got it right. Nobody in the public sphere seems to think so. In
answers from eight heavyweight institutions to the government's hearing
on Lex Orwell it is said it is "in breach of ECHR", "like wire-tapping
without a court order", "general surveillance (...) of the content of
telephone calls and messages", "lacking in understanding (...) of
privacy", "massive wire-tapping", "seriously flawed" and that "the State
is acquiring the telecommunications traffic". If this critique was
not enough, former director of the FRA himself says FRA activity is in
breach of European law. To the layman the set-up seems
indistinguishable from what allegedly is happening in the USA where AT&T
is accused of "violating the law and the privacy of its customers by
collaborating with the National Security Agency (NSA) in its massive,
illegal program to wiretap and data-mine Americans' communications".
Why should you care what is happening in Sweden? Well, it turns out that
Sweden is one of the countries that has actively blocked the
Commission's third pillar proposal from 2005 for protection of personal
data processed in the framework of police and judicial cooperation in
criminal matters. Professor Elspeth Guild writes in 2007: "A
battery of measures have been announced in the First and Third Pillars
(...) which are aimed at a substantial increase in surveillance of the
citizen, his or her movements, statements, actions and activities. At
the same time, the protection of the citizen from wrongful use of his or
her personal data has lagged very substantially behind for instance, the
continuing blockage of the Third Pillar Framework Decision on data
protection.". Statewatch told us already in 2006 that a "number of
delegations (CH, CZ, DK, IE, SE and UK) has expressed doubts against the
inclusion of data processed in a purely domestic context.". Why?
At about the same time the Commission answers the parliamentary question
E-1300/2007 whether Sweden has the right to conclude an exclusive
agreement with the USA on research into terrorism and civilian security
issues, saying would such research transfer personal data to third
countries, it would be regulated by European law: "It is important to
underline that exchange on either security research projects or on
threat assessment does not necessarily imply exchange of personal data
which are subject to the EU data protection rules. However, any such
activities must fully respect the fundamental rights, privacy and civil
liberties of individuals.".
Now, what about "raw material supply through partnerships"?
It is said that only four (4) Swedish libertarians in the ruling
coalition is needed to postpone Lex Orwell. Grab your phone and call
them. International calls are still free, as in free speech.
FRA's "Open Budget" for 2009-2011 (only in Swedish, 17.03.2008)
FRA, brief presentation in English
"Fvrsvarets Radioanstalt - 2003-2004" by Martin Jvnsson a report to "Journalistfonden fvr vidareutbildning" (only in Swedish, 27.02.2005)
Video recording from San Francisco Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, Hepting v. AT&T (23.01.2008)
Collection of some Swedish institution's opinions of Lex Orwell (only in Swedish, 3.06.2008)
Interview with Anders Wik, former FRA director (only in Swedish, 31.05.2008)
General information related to EFF's class action lawsuit against AT&T
European parliament's legislative observatory page on DPFD
"Making the EU Citizens' Agenda Work" by Elspeth Guild (9.02.2007)
Council document 13918/06 (13.10.2006)
Parliamentary question E-1300/2007 (1.06.2007)
Article referred to in question E-1300/2007 (only in Swedish, 28.02.2007)
(Contribution by Erik Josefsson)
11. Agenda
6-7 June 2008, Bremen, Germany
IdentityCamp - a barcamp around identity 2.0 and privacy 2.0
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23 June 2008, Paris, France
GigaNet is organizing an international academic workshop on "Global Internet
Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction"
26-27 June 2008, London, UK
International Conference on Digital Evidence
30 June-1 July 2008, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
First COMMUNIA Conference - Assessment of economic and social impact of
digital public domain throughout Europe
7-8 July 2008, London, UK
Developing New Models Of Content Delivery Online & Innovative Strategies For
Effectively Tackling Copyright Infringement
7-9 July 2008, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business 21st Annual International Conference
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
22 September 2008, Istanbul, Turkey
Workshop on Applications of Private and Anonymous Communications
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-06-19 00:17:34
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.12, 18 June 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.12, 18 June 2008
1. EU Competition Commissioner backs open standards in eGovernment
2. France obtained ISPs support in blocking pedopornographic sites
3. UK MPs report: A Surveillance Society?
4. Italian blog closed by Police
5. OOXML standard on hold by ISO
6. British ISPs warn Internet downloaders on the risk of being prosecuted
7. Recommended Action
8. Agenda
9. About
1. EU Competition Commissioner backs open standards in eGovernment
The EU Competition Commissioner, Neelie Kroes, publicly supported the use of
open source software in eGovernment, in a public speech at a seminar hosted
by OpenForum Europe in Brussels on 10 June 2008.
Kroes encouraged the public institutions to use open standards, underlining
the positive example of Munich that have implemented open standards in their
local eGovernment projects. She suggested a much more active role of the
European Commission in promoting open standards in eGovernment applications,
by adopting an internal policy not to buy proprietary software: "The
Commission must do its part. It must not rely on one vendor, it must not
accept closed standards and it must refuse to become locked into a
particular technology."
The EU Commissioner's speech shows an indirect support to the Open
Parliament petition initiated in March 2008 by OpenForum Europe, The
European Software Market Association and the Free Software Foundation Europe
asking the European Parliament to change its ICT system in order to allow
the adoption of open standards.
Also Kroes praised the benefits of open standards: "No citizen
or company should be forced or encouraged to choose a closed technology over
an open one, through a government having made that choice first." She also
encouraged the business customers to make a difference by promoting open
standards: "I know a smart business decision when I see one. Choosing open
standards is a very smart business decision indeed."
Kroes mentioned a number of competition cases in ICT that are investigated
by the Commission in relation with ICT standards, giving as examples Apple,
the mobile phone company Qualcomm and chip maker Rambus. Also she clearly
referred to Microsoft when she mentioned the problems with the well-known
fines against the US software producer: "The Commission has never before had
to issue two periodic penalty payments in a competition case."
Some MEPs wanted to go further and asked the European Commission if
Microsoft could not be banned from the European public procurements, since
it has been fined by the Commission. Heide R|hle, internal market policy
spokeswoman for the Greens in the European Parliament, explained that there
were provisions of the public procurement EU Directive that allow the
exclusion of applicants from public procurement procedures if "they have
been convicted of an offence concerning their professional conduct by a
judgement which has the force of res judicata or they have been guilty of
grave professional misconduct proven by any means which the contracting
authority can justify".
But the European Commission rejected these arguments in its answer
explaining that, according to the directiv, the exclusion was not
obligatory. EC claimed that the fine did not count as an "criminal
conviction of a criminal offence by a final judgement from a Court". Also
the second provision should "require a case-by-case assessment which can
only be done in the framework of an on-going procurement procedure."
Kroes calls for open standards in eGovernment (10.06.2008)
EU's Kroes: open standards are smart business move (10.06.2008)
European Commission won't exclude Microsoft from procurement procedures
Written Question: Microsoft - Implementation of Article 93 of the Financial
Regulation (21.04.2008)
EDRi-gram: European Parliament criticized for not using open standards
2. France obtained ISPs support in blocking illegal sites
French Interior Minister Michel Alliot-Marie announced on 10 June 2008 that
the French state had come to an agreement with the French ISPs to block
sites carrying pedophilic content or content related to terrorism and
racial hatred. "We can no longer tolerate the sexual exploitation of
children in the form of cyber-pedophilia. We have come to an agreement:
the access to child pornography sites will be blocked in France. Other
democracies have done it. France could wait no longer" said the minister.
The plan will be put into force in September by the creation of a blacklist
on the basis of information received from Internet users on sites that carry
offensive material. Internet users will be able, via a platform, to signal
offensive content. A decision will then be taken on whether the respective
sites should be included on the blacklist that will be sent to ISPs that
will then block them. Sites found to contain illegal content will be
referred to justice.
According to Alliot-Marie, France will pass on, via Interpol or Europol,
information regarding sites found offensive that are hosted in other
countries. The minister said this plan was not intended as a Big Brother of
the Internet stating she believed in the "fundamental liberty that is
Internet access." She also expressed her hope that France's upcoming
presidency of the European Union will be a chance to coordinate efforts
between countries so as to avoid useless duplicated efforts in blocking
offensive sites.
In view of creating the platform for the signalling system, the French
Family State Secretary Nadine Morano paid a study visit to Oslo, Norway
where the police has had such a system since 2004. "The public forces are
obliged to organize the security on the Internet. The Internet, is a
fabulous as well as disastrous tool with which danger is in the house", was
Morano's opinion.
Among other countries having already implemented similar measures there are
UK, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Canada and New Zealand and on 10 June, a
similar deal with ISPs was also announced in the United States where three
service providers Verizon, Sprint and TimeWarner Cable have agreed with New
York state officials to block child pornography sites.
French to block porn, terror, hate web sites (11.06.2008)
The ISPs will have to filter pedo-pornographic sites (only in French,
France has in view blocking access to pedophile sites before 2009 (only in
French, 13.06.2008)
 at 7-37,0.html
3. UK MPs report: A Surveillance Society?
A report of the Home Affairs Committee shows concerns that Britain
might be in danger of becoming a Big Brother type of state and calls on the
UK ministers to take the necessary measures to provide safeguards and
minimize the amount of the citizen's information collected and stored in
The report shows concerns especially in relation to the ID card scheme that
might be used to spy on people. "We are concerned about the potential for
'function creep' in terms of the surveillance potential of the national
identity scheme. (...) Any ambiguity about the objectives of the scheme puts
in jeopardy the public's trust in the scheme itself and in the government's
ability to run it" says the Committee in its report.
The Committee made some recommendations asking for further
assurances that people would not find themselves subject to unnecessary
intrusion from the authorities. "We recommend that the Home Office produce a
report on the intended functions of the national identity scheme in relation
to the fight against crime, containing an explicit statement that the
administrative information collected and stored in connection with the
national identity register will not be used as a matter of routine to
monitor the activities of individuals."
The report also recommends a data minimisation policy so that only what is
essential should be collected and stored for as long as necessary. Although
the Committee considers the new national DNA database as a "valuable
investigative tool" for the police in solving crime, in the light of the
recent data losses, warns the Government on the responsibility it bears
towards the very sensitive data involved. The report asks for "greater
assurances from ministers that the government will protect people's data
after the recent loss of information, including two discs containing details
of half the population. (...) Assurances that the government has learned
lessons, though welcome, are not sufficient to reassure us or, we suspect,
the public."
What the committee also suggests is the creation of a major new database,
the sharing of information, the use of increased surveillance only in
circumstances when there is a proven need and the focus on security and
privacy in any system.
One of the problems observed was that of CCTV cameras. UK seems to have more
cameras in public spaces than any other country in the world and the
Government seems to have completely lost control over them. While the Police
has recently accepted CCTV cameras are not very efficient in cutting down
crime, their number has continuously increased. The committee calls for a
greater transparency in the use of the cameras and wants assurances that
"the techniques of intrusive and directed surveillance will not be applied
to the general public". It also says the Government must not attach
microphones to cameras.
Moreover, the report sets ground rules for the Home Office that should raise
awareness of how and why the surveillance techniques provided for by the
Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA) might be used.
The Committee also recommended that the Information Commissioner should
present an annual report on surveillance to the Parliament that should
receive a response from the Government also presented in front of the
"The key issue is trust - the public don't have much choice over the data
held on them by public bodies, so they must be confident about how it is
being collected, stored and used - otherwise we are in danger of becoming a
surveillance society" said Committee Chairman Rt. Hon. Keith Vaz.
MPs must act now to set limits on snooping (9.06.2008)
ID cards could help turn Britain into a surveillance society, warn MPs
MPs propose new safeguards for Government uses of personal data (9.06.2008)
A Surveillance Society? - House of Commons Home Affairs Committee 5th Report
of Session 2007-08 Vol I
A Surveillance Society? - House of Commons Home Affairs Committee 5th Report
of Session 2007-08 Vol II
4. Italian blog closed by Police
On 6 June 2008, the blog of the Italian journalist Antonino Monteleone was
closed, without notification, by the Polizia Postale of Calabria under
accusations of defamation, but the journalist claims that this action came
after having posted uncomfortable information on political figures.
The whole story started in 2006 after the elections, when the blogger posted
extracts from a document containing CVs of candidates for the Italian
Parliament. The document included information of certain names on the
nomination list that had previous relations to cases of power abuse and
manipulation of
tenders or even with mafia activities. On 9 December 2006, Monteleone posted
an article on Galati, member of UDP party then, undersecretary in the
Ministry for productive activities during the period in office of the
Berlusconi Government, showing he was a drug addict. Following a brief
exchange of e-mails between Monteleone and Galati, the latter sued the
former but the court dismissed the case making Galati pay for the costs.
The closing of the website was made without notification and without any
information to the blogger on the concrete accusations. Piero Ricca, a
blogger who was in his turn investigated by the police for defamation
considers the situation absurd and states that the "preventive seizure" for
defamation is a debatable provision anyway. In any case, this action must be
brought to the attention of the post author under accusation.
This is not an isolate case in Italy and Ricca believes there are other
bloggers whose blogs have been seized but did not make this public. It seems
another Italian blogger, Carlo Ruta, was condemned by the Court of Modica
for clandestine printing. Therefore, the blog was treated in this case by
the Italian justice the same as a journal or newspaper.
This is not a trend only in Italy. According to the annual report of the
University of Washington, more and more people are arrested for having
published on their blogs their opinions on political issues. A World
Information Access report states that bloggers have been arrested for having
exposed corruption in government, abuse of human rights or suppression of
protests. The reports also predicts that 2008 will see a higher number of
arrest cases for such kind of issues.
Another Italian blog seized (only in Italian, 10.06.2008)
Why was the blogger condemned? (only in Italian, 17.06.2008)
Blogger arrests hit record high (16.06.2008)
5. OOXML standard on hold by ISO
International Standards Organisation (ISO) and the International
Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) in Geneva have postponed the publication
of the revised specification of Microsoft's Office Open XML (OOXML) document
format, following complaints filed by their member organizations
representing these four countries: Brazil, India, South Africa and
The planned standard ISO/IEC DIS 29500 cannot be published until the
complaints are examined by ISO and IEC who will have to give responses and
comments by the end of June 2008
The four national standardization organizations have shown concerns that no
consensus has been reached on changes that must be made to the 6000-page
specification, during the consultation period on the numerous comments
submitted at the end of February. The complaints mainly address the fact
that the concrete technical objections were not individually discussed.
The concerns are summarized in an open letter of a member of the technical
standardisation committee in India who stated that the standard had not been
properly thought out and it was not even clear what standard would result
from the proceedings. The adoption of the standard in the present state
would not be an open process as it would be implemented only by Microsoft.
Other protests have been filed to ISO by the Danish Open Source Business
Association. They claim that "the procedures and the decision conflict with
ISO's rules, and the process has caused considerable damage to the
reputations of Danish Standards and ISO." The letter also explains why the
case should be picked up by ISO: "The process has thus been formally
annulled now for two months - since March 29, at which time the
specifications should have been sent to the national standardization
organizations. The prerequisites for the fast-track procedure no longer
exist, and, therefore, I expect that ISO recommence the case."
The European Commission is also investigating the case. Competition
Commissioner Kroes explained in a recent conference why the European
Commission is interested in this topic: "If voting in the standard-setting
context is influenced less by the technical merits of the technology but
rather by side agreements, inducements, package deals, reciprocal agreements
or commercial pressure, then these risk falling foul of the competition
In the meantime, The Organization for the Advancement of Structured
Information Standards (OASIS), has invited interested parties to create a
new technical committee for the "implementation, interoperability, and
conformity" of the next version of the Open Document Format (ODF) which has
already been certified by the ISO.
Open source supporters draw the attention on a possible new alliance with
Microsoft which announced its intention to support ODF and to join the
technical OASIS committee in its works on the open standard.
The management boards of ISO and IEC will decide, after having examined the
complaints against Microsoft standard, whether the appeals should be further
processed and if they decide so, the chairmen of the two boards will
establish a conciliation panel that will try to resolve the appeals.
ISO puts standard for Microsoft's OOXML document formats on hold
Four national standards bodies appeal against approval of ISO/IEC DIS 29500
Now an OOXML Protest from Denmark's OSL - Updated 3Xs: Official English
Translation (31.05.2008)
OASIS opens discussion list for ODF Implementation, Interoperability and
Conformance (3.06.2008)
Microsoft will support Open Document Format (ODF) (22.05.2008)
EDRi-gram: OOXML adopted as a new standard by ISO (9.04.2008)
6. British ISPs warn Internet downloaders on the risk of being prosecuted
As a continuation of the actions started in March 2008, and despite opinions
that ISPs should not act as an Internet police, the major British record
labels represented by British Phonographic Industry (BPI) and Virgin Media,
UK's largest provider of home broadband, have joint forces in a campaign
meant to fight illegal music downloads.
Virgin Media has started warning Internet users illegally downloading
music that they may be prosecuted, by sending letters to thousands of
households where such activities have taken place.
This appears to be the first step in the attempt of BPI to get ISPs to
implement a "three strikes and out" rule, meaning warning and ultimately
disconnecting the estimated 6.5 million customers whose accounts are used
for illegal downloading activity.
"Virgin Media is the first ISP to publicly address the problem. It is a
socially responsible ISP and I think other ISPs will look at this and see
progress. I am very encouraged they have engaged with us. They understand
the rights of musicians" said Geoff Taylor, BPI's chief executive.
BPI and Virgin have chosen to start with an educational phase before taking
any legal action against Internet illegal downloaders. "Education is the
absolute key to reducing the amount of illegal downloading ... new
partnerships with ISPs can help build an internet in which music is properly
valued" stated Taylor.
The intention is first to educate customers during a 10-week trial campaign
through "informative" letters they will send which will however be
accompanied by a written warning from the BPI, threatening with
disconnection and a court case for those who continue to download illegally.
The first letters sent do not consist in threats of disconnection. The
letter says:
"We understand you may be concerned about this, and you might be unsure how
it happened. One possible answer is that other people in your household have
used your computer and/or internet connection, and they might have shared
these files with others by using unauthorised 'peer-to-peer/P2P' filesharing
networks like 'BitTorrent' or 'Limewire'. However, you need to make sure
that these files aren't downloaded or shared from your Virgin Media internet
connection in future."
Virgin warns illegal downloaders: stop or face prosecution (7.06.2008)
British ISP, recording industry warn illegal downloaders (6.06.2008)
Virgin Media's downloading education campaign represents a turning point in
digital music (13.06.2008)
Virgin Media Sample Letter
EDRI-gram: UK: ISPs are not the Internet cops (9.04.2008)
Virgin sends file-sharing warnings to customers (16.06.2008)
7. Recommended Action
On-line Consultation for the purposes of the review of the PSI Directive
The purpose of this online consultation is to gather information from as
many sources as possible, including public sector content holders and
commercial and non-commercial re-users (universities, NGOs) on their views
on different aspects related to the implementation, impact and scope of the
PSI Directive.
8. Agenda
23 June 2008, Paris, France
GigaNet is organizing an international academic workshop on "Global Internet
Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction"
26-27 June 2008, London, UK
International Conference on Digital Evidence
30 June-1 July 2008, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
First COMMUNIA Conference - Assessment of economic and social impact of
digital public domain throughout Europe
7-8 July 2008, London, UK
Developing New Models Of Content Delivery Online & Innovative Strategies For
Effectively Tackling Copyright Infringement
7-9 July 2008, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business 21st Annual International Conference
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
22 September 2008, Istanbul, Turkey
Workshop on Applications of Private and Anonymous Communications
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
9. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-05-07 20:34:07
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.9, 7 May 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.9, 7 May 2008
1. All Italian tax payers' data made public online by the Italian Government
2. Important personal data lost by the Bank of Ireland
3. More control over the Internet wanted in Russia
4. Automatic face recognition in UK airports
5. Radio Free Europe's websites in Belarus under attack
6. EDPS wants data protection considered by EU research projects
7. German Intelligence caught spying on journalist's emails
8. IFPI continues to pressure ISPs to act as Internet police
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. All Italian tax payers' data made public online by the Italian Government
To the unpleasant surprise of many Italians, for a few hours on 30 April
2008, the Italian government, through its Agenzia delle Entrate, published
on the agency website, agenziaentrate.gov.it, the financial information
filed by all Italian taxpayers.
Although operational only for a few hours, many people had the opportunity
of seeing how much other people were earning, including celebrities. As
Corriere della Sera daily newspaper puts it, the site was "a delicious
opportunity to find out with a click how much your neighbour or colleague
or, for gossip fans, celebrities earn".
The present centre-left government made public every citizen's declared
taxable income as part of a crackdown on tax evasion. The action brought
forth the quick attack and critical attitude of consumers, privacy advocates
and politicians alike. The consumer group ADOC considered the action as "a
clear violation of privacy law" as the tax return forms did not include any
request of consent for data publishing, therefore, the appearance of the
data on the Internet being illegal.
At the complaint of the Italian Data Protection Authority for violation of
privacy, the Italian Treasury ordered the national tax office to close down
the site which was providing full details of tax returns, including declared
income and tax paid for 2005 but also names, addresses and birth dates.
The Deputy Finance Minister Vincenzo Visco said he did not see what the
problem was: "It's all about transparency and democracy". Massimo Romano,
head of the tax office,considered that the publication had been "in the
public interest, in order to allow the free circulation of information in a
framework of transparency" and he stated that the action had been in
agreement with guidelines from the privacy watchdog. However, Francesco
Pizzetti, the head of the Italian DPA, said that he had not been informed
about this.
The opposition which won the elections last month accused Visco of having
released the data as "an act of revenge". "It's a very strange thing to do
on the last day before clearing off" said Guido Crosetto, a member of
Berlusconi's party who also added: "Taxpayers need to pay less tax, not to
know how much all the other Italians are paying."
"It's madness," was the comment of Beppe Grillo, a very well known Italian
comic. In his opinion the government had "given criminals information about
the income and address of taxpayers." He also added: "This is going to make
paying taxes very dangerous. (...) It will be much safer and less risky to
just evade taxes and pay the fine if you're caught."
Uproar in Italy after Web publishes earning levels (30.04.2008)
Garante Decision on the online financial information (only in Italian,
Fiscal data, what does the law say? (only in Italian, 5.05.2008)
Fury as tax officials post details of every Italian's salary on internet
Do the rich pay taxes? Italy tells all (2.05.2008)
2. Important personal data lost by the Bank of Ireland
The personal data of about 10 000 customers of the Bank of Ireland (BOI) are
now in the possession of thieves as four laptops with the unencrypted data
were stolen from the bank between June and October 2007.
The four stolen laptops had been used by staff working for the bank's life
assurance division. Not only the customers' data including medical history,
life assurance details, bank account details, names and addresses were not
encrypted, but the bank notified the thefts to the Data Protection
Commissioner in Ireland only on 18 April 2008. Furthermore, until now the
bank has not written to individual customers whose information was lost.
The case is now investigated by the Financial Regulator as well as by Billy
Hawkes, the Irish Data Protection Commissioner. "The investigation will
focus on the justification for the personal data, including sensitive
medical data in some cases, being placed on the laptops in the first place,
the security arrangements in place and the exact circumstances which led to
the delay in the reporting of this matter internally within the Bank of
Ireland to the appropriate personnel for the taking of further action," said
a statement from the Commissioner.
The only justification the bank gave in its defence was that it "monitored
all of these customer accounts and can confirm that there has been no
evidence of fraudulent or suspicious activity" which, of course, cannot
possibly cover fraud that may occur somewhere else. And this definitely does
not justify the fact that the bank did not notify its customers so that they
may protect themselves.
It's not yet clear what sanctions will the bank receive or whether it will
receive any sanctions at all. In a similar case in England, the Nationwide
Building Society was fined around 1 300 000 euro by the Financial Services
Authority for having failed to provide proper information security
procedures and controls.
"Consideration will then be given as to what further action will be sought
from Bank of Ireland to ensure that the obligations contained in the Data
Protection Acts in this area are met. The Data Protection Commissioner and
the Financial Regulator are cooperating on this matter and we will refer any
relevant issues to the Financial Regulator" says the Commissioner's
More and more, financial organisations create a risk to the security of
their customers' data. According to the UK Information Commissioner's Office
half of the data security breaches in the private sector reported since last
November involved financial services companies.
The problem is that, presently, there is no general legal obligation for a
body to notify the people in case of losing their data. As reported by
EDRi-gram, the European Data Protection Supervisor has suggested amendments
in this respect to the forthcoming e-Privacy Directive.
Bank alert as details of 10,000 files stolen (22.04.2008)
Lessons from Laptop Loss - the Bank of Ireland case and Mandatory Reporting
of Data Loss (23.04.2008)
Bank of Ireland loses thousands of customer records (23.04.2008)
EDRI gram - EDPS endorses data breach notification provision in ePrivacy
Directive (23.04.2008)
3. More control over the Internet wanted in Russia
The Russian prosecutor's office wants to extend the anti-extremism laws to
the Internet, proposing an amendment to the rules that presently govern
printed media on the basis of which newspapers considered by the court to
have published extremist material can be shut down.
In terms of the new proposal, which began circulating in the State Duma's
Security Committee on 10 April 2008, any kind of material considered
extremist or website deemed to have hosted extremist material should be
blocked by ISPs. If found guilty of repeatedly hosting extremist materials,
the website will be shut down. A list of extremist Internet-based materials
and sites must be regularly made available and the ISPs will be bound to
stop hosting these sites.
The proposal asks from law-makers to clearly delineate "what is unacceptable
on the internet in terms of public morality, public safety and
anti-extremist legislation" and to "place responsibility for the
dissemination of any such materials on those who furnish space for it."
"We are speaking about the self-controlling of the providers and
telecommunications companies" said Aleksey Zhafyarov, the deputy head of
Directorate supervising enforcement of laws on federal security, interethnic
relations and countering extremism.
Internet is considered too free by the Russian governors. Alexander Torshin,
the vice-speaker of the Federation Council, has painted a very dark image of
the Internet believing it is "a means of terror propaganda" that can
be considered "the academy of terrorism." In his opinion, terrorists use the
Internet to "practically propagandize their ideas in the open, recruiting
new adherents, buying up weapons and munitions, (and) communicating with one
another." He said that lawmakers should "work out unified identifying
criteria for terrorist websites, formulate techniques to expose them and
constantly monitor their activities, nationally and internationally, and
also (work out) the means to close these sites."
The proposal has created concerns related to the abuses that such a law
might bring forth. "It is difficult to find anyone who is not against
extremism but it depends on how the law is used. The government uses (it)
selectively" said Oleg Panfilov, director of the Centre of Journalism in
Extreme Situations. There have been cases when blogs and websites belonging
to the opposition have been shut down after having been labelled as
extremist. For example the news website gazeta.ru was warned for using
extremist materials last year after it wrote about cartoons that satirised
the prophet Mohammed.
Even some of the Russian lawmakers have doubts about the usefulness of any
new measures to control the Internet. "We tighten the screws and the
situation only gets worse" said Gennady Gudkov, the deputy chairman of the
State Duma Security Committee.
Critics also believe that there is enough control already and law
enforcement agencies have the means to shut down Internet providers as in
the case of the 10 ISPs who were shut down by St. Petersburg prosecutors on
14 April 2008 for hosting extremist content.
Since the beginning of this year, the pressure to regulate the Internet has
increased in Russia. In January, Russia's Parliament began work on a law "On
the Internet," that should create a legal framework to deal with online
matters. In February, Vladimir Slutsker, a Federation Council delegate,
introduced a draft normative act that will force all Internet sites with
more than a thousand daily visitors to register as mass-media outlets. There
is also a project currently in the State Duma that would limit foreign
investment in the telecommunications and internet industries.
On 25 April 2008 Russia's lower house of Parliament, the State Duma, passed,
nearly unanimously, an amendment to the law on mass-media, in its first
reading, giving greater powers to authorities to shut down media outlets.
The new law forbids using a registered media source to spread "false facts
that discredit the honour and dignity of another entity, or undermine their
Russian prosecutors eye Internet censorship (23.04.2008)
Russian Prosecutors Present Draft Law to Regulate Internet (12.04.2008)
Lawmakers in Russia Recommend Internet Regulation (18.04.2008)
Russian Authorities Gain Powers to Shut Down Media (25.04.2008)
Russian Prosecutors Ask Parliament to Regulate Internet Content (18.03.2008)
EDRI-gram: Russian Government wants to control all WiFi devices (23.04.2008)
4. Automatic face recognition in UK airports
Starting this summer, the UK Border Agency will use facial recognition
technology at automated unmanned gates. A machine would accept or reject the
match between the scan and the computer information on people with biometric
The pilot project will be open to UK and EU citizens holding new biometric
passports. "We think a machine can do a better job (than manned passport
inspections). What will the public reaction be? Will they use it? We need to
test and see how people react and how they deal with rejection. We hope to
get the trial up and running by the summer" said Gary Murphy, head of
operational design and development for the UK Border Agency, during a
biometrics-related conference that took place in London in April 2008.
Home Office minister Liam Byrne said: "Britain's border security is now
among the toughest in the world and tougher checks do take time, but we
don't want long waits. So the UK Border Agency will soon be testing new
automatic gates for British and European Economic Area citizens. We will
test them this year and if they work put them at all key ports (and
As there is concern that passengers will react badly if rejected by an
automated gate, the technology will err on the side of caution and innocent
passengers that are rejected may be redirected to traditional passport
queues, or authorized officers may override the automatic gates after having
performed the necessary checks.
However, the technology is highly criticized. Phil Booth of the No2Id
Campaign explains: "Someone is extremely optimistic. The technology is just
not there. The last time I spoke to anyone in the facial recognition field
they said the best systems were only operating at about a 40% success rate
in a real time situation. I am flabbergasted they consider doing this at a
time when there are so many measures making it difficult for passengers."
The facial image contained by the EU passport is actually a digitised copy
of the normal passport picture which is not a biometric data and, according
to a report of the UK National Audit Office "current facial recognition
technology is not reliable enough to enable the automated checking of
applications against the full database of existing passport holders". The
report also says that the technology may be useless in cases when the
two-year guaranty chips are contained into 10-year long passports. Besides,
the face may change very much in ten years making the database even more
Tony Bunyan, Statewatch editor, comments: "The UK and other EU governments
refer to the digitised passport photo as a biometric when it is not for
ideological reasons - to get us used to the idea that they already have one
of our "biometrics" so why should we not give them another - our
fingerprints. The process however is very different. In most cases the
passport picture is simply submitted by post or at an office whereas the
compulsory taking of fingerprints requires the physical presence of the
person at an "enrolment centre" where they have to prove "they are who they
The Government has not yet decided how many airports will take part in the
trial but, if the pilot project is successful, the technology will be
extended to all UK airports.
Face scans for air passengers to begin in UK this summer (25.04.2004)
Identity and Passport Service: Introduction of ePassports
UK to introduce face scans at airports (26.04.2008)
Computers to scan passengers at UK airports this summer (23.04.2008)
5. Radio Free Europe's websites in Belarus under attack
Several Radio Free Europe websites were under a distributed denial of
service (DDoS) attack in the past week. The attacks started on 26 April
2008, the 22nd anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, primary
targeted at the Belarus Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) service
which was offering live coverage of a rally of protest organized in Minsk
against the plight of uncompensated victims and a government decision to
build a new nuclear plant.
Martins Zvaners, RFE spokesman, thinks that was the largest attack ever
experienced by RFE. At its peak, the DDoS attack was sending more than 50000
requests to the RFE sites, flooding its servers' capacity and throwing them
Although there is no proof of who was behind the attacks, Zvaners pointed
his finger at the Belarus administration: "This started on the day of a
demonstration that they wanted no one to cover. They've never been real
happy with us. In an ongoing sense, they are always 'jamming' our signals.
We can't say for certain who did it, but you look at the circumstances and
you can start to draw some possible inferences."
US State Department spokeswoman Jessica Simon stated that it was the
Belarusian Government's responsibility to stop such kind of attacks while
Nina Ognianova, the program coordinator for Europe and Central Asia at the
New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists, said it was also the
responsibility of President Alyaksandr Lukashenka to find and punish those
responsible with the attacks. "In Belarus especially, RFE/RL service is
significant now more than ever because Lukashenka's regime has destroyed the
other independent and opposition broadcasters. (...) So we certainly are
very concerned about this short-lived but successful attacks" said
RFE issued a news release on 28 April following which the attacks
stopped and the sites went back online. According to Zvaners, RFE has now
taken protection measures against similar attacks.
During the three days of the attack, RFR/RL's Belarus Service was supported
by 22 Belarusian sites that hosted its content. "Dear friends. We value your
solidarity and we promise to support any site that falls victim to such an
attack in the future. (...) Thanks to all of you for your support of
freedom" said Alyaksandr Lukashuk, director of RFE/RL's Belarus Service, who
considers that the response to the attack was an example that could create a
precedent for future online "esprit de corps" among journalists and
pro-democracy advocates.
Belarus: RFE/RL Cites Online 'Solidarity' In Face Of Cyberattack
Chernobyl coverage blows up in Radio Free Europe's face (29.04.2008)
DDoS attacks knocked Radio Free Europe off the Web (4.05.2008)
U.S. Denounces Attack On RFE/RL Websites (29.04.2008)
6. EDPS wants data protection considered by EU research projects
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) wants privacy
and data protection requirements to be considered in the future EU research
and technological development (RTD) projects, especially those developing
information and communication technologies.
The EDPS' main role is to monitor EU developments which have an impact on
the protection of personal data, especially the development of ICT and "to
advise the Commission and/or project developers on their efforts to use
privacy and data protection-friendly RTD methodologies and of course to
develop technologies and processes that will promote and reinforce the
effectiveness of the EU data protection legal framework".
On 28 April 2008, EDPS adopted a policy paper establishing his role and
developing possible models of contribution both in the preparatory phase of
the overall EU research framework programme as well as for individual
research projects. The EDPS contributions have as purpose to reinforce the
application of the "privacy by design" principle as an inherent part of the
RTD initiatives.
"Privacy and data protection requirements need to be highlighted and applied
as soon as possible in the life cycle of new technological developments in
order to contribute to a better implementation of the data protection legal
framework. The European RTD efforts constitute a very good opportunity to
accomplish these goals" says Hustinx.
The EDPS' contributions in this direction could be achieved by:
- participation in workshops and conferences intended to identify future
challenges that can be relevant for EU RTD policy;
- contribution to research advisory boards launched by the European
Commission in connection with the Framework Programme, and provision of
opinions on data protection matters;
- assistance to the European Commission in the evaluation process of
proposals, in particular regarding possible data protection issues these
proposals might trigger;
- provision of opinions on data protection matters in relation to
individual RTD projects on his own initiative or at the request of a
Also, as "research projects of an EU Framework Programme usually have the
obligation to involve partners from several Member States, the EDPS could
also, in this case, contribute to and facilitate the cooperation between the
corresponding Member States or third country data protection authorities
which might be involved" says the paper.
The EDPS and EU Research and Technological Development -Policy paper
Privacy chief: EU research must consider data protection (30.04.2008)
EDPS issues policy paper on his role in EU research and technological
development (28.04.2008)
7. German Intelligence caught spying on journalist's emails
The German Federal Intelligence Service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND),
has been recently under pressure for having illicitly monitored the e-mails
between Spiegel correspondent Susanne Koelbl and Afghanistan's Commerce
Minister Amin Farhang.
The German parliamentary commission in charge with investigating the
activities of the secret services (PKG) criticised BND, believing the agency
had been compromised by this case that it considered "a grave breach of
basic rights". "The trust between the PKG and the leadership of the BND has
been violated by this," stated PKG. The commission also considered it
unacceptable that Uhrlau, the BND president, had not informed the German
government or the commission about the case and that even BND's leadership
had learned about the case only a year after the operation took
place, which represented a violation of the internal policy requiring
official clearance.
Although Uhrlau publicly apologised to Susanne Koelbl, apparently, the
target was not the Spiegel journalist this time, but Amin Farhang,
Afghanistan's commerce minister, who exchanged e-mails with the reporter
between June and November 2006. Koelbl's correspondence was retrieved by
using a "Trojan horse" software which invaded the minister's computer system
and which was sending copies of his e-mail messages to the BND. Furthermore,
Spiegel has learned that the BND was performing more extensive spying
activities in Afghanistan having actually monitored the entire computer
network of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry. BND specialists had
succeeded in retrieving several government e-mail addresses, confidential
documents and even passwords.
Der Spiegel, after having asked Farhang's permission to reveal his name,
stated that the minister had been a secret source for some of its articles
in the recent years. The magazine called the case "a grave encroachment on
press freedom" and threatened to take legal action against the BND.
The Afghan government was shocked by the case. "I am appalled and disgusted
by these methods, which have no place in a constitutional state," commented
Afghan Foreign Minister Rangin Dadfar Spanta. German Foreign Minister
Frank-Walter Steinmeier has called his Afghan counterpart to apologize for
the monitoring operation. The German Foreign Ministry said Steinmeier would
also contact Farhang to express his regrets personally.
This espionage action is not the first for the BND in relation to
journalists. In 2006 it came out that German reporters were placed under
surveillance by the intelligence agents to find out sources of leaks from
the BND. As a result of the big scandal the followed this discovery, the BND
president was changed. Ernst Uhrlau, the new president, had pledged to make
the service more transparent.
"It hasn't even been three years since the BND's last scandal, over
systematic domestic spying on journalists. (That scandal) led to an
internal directive forbidding surveillance of reporters. The directive is
still in force, according to the BND. But we now know that only a short
while later, in June 2006, a new half-year bugging operation was mounted
against a German journalist - this time in Afghanistan. There are hints
that she was not the only one" wrote Die Tageszeitung.
It appears Uhrlau will keep his job although he seems to have lost control
over some of the agents and had failed to inform the Chancellery, which is
responsible for supervising the BND's activities.
However, a draft law would be drawn in the coming months to give the
Parliament powers to monitor the agency, as stated Hans-Peter Uhl, a deputy
from Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative party.
German spy agency rapped over Afghan email monitoring (24.04.2008)
German Spies Put Afghan Ministry under Surveillance (26.04.2008)
Germany Apologizes for Spying on Afghan Minister (26.04.2008)
BND Agents 'Knew What They Were Doing' (25.04.2008)
Agency Admits Spying on Afghan Politician and SPIEGEL Journalist
8. IFPI continues to pressure ISPs to act as Internet police
Despite the criticism and negative reaction of the ISPs in several
countries, IFPI continues to pressures them in turning themselves into
Internet police. Following Denmark, Norway and Ireland, it is the turn of
the Swedish ISPs to be the target of the association.
What IFPI asks is for ISPs to restrict their customers' access to websites
allegedly facilitating copyright infringement. As until now it had little
success in its discussions with the ISPs, IFPI has decided to use legal
pressure. "We believe that ISPs have a special part to play in this and must
help us. The discussions we've tried to have with the ISPs haven't led
anywhere" said IFPI's Managing Director in Sweden, Lars Gustafsson.
According to Gustaffson, the focus will be on one particular company that
allegedly facilitates filesharing on the Internet and one of the services
they are after is The PirateBay. IFPI has already sent out letters to
several service providers, asking them to monitor their customers and to
filter websites.
However, most ISPs have refused to cooperate with the IFPI. Telia Sonera, a
large Swedish ISP considered such actions are illegal under EU law and
Norwegian ISPs had the same response.
IFPI argue that restricting access to filesharing sites might be to the
advantage of ISPs. "Illegal P2P file-sharing may have helped drive broadband
subscriptions in the past, yet today these activities, particularly in
respect of movies, are hogging bandwidth," they state.
Until now, IFPI obtained a victory in February in Denmark when Tele2 was
order by the court to block its customers' access to The PirateBay but
the decision is now under appeal and the PirateBay has announced its
intention to ask for compensation.
IFPI to Sue Swedish ISP for Facilitating Copyright Infringement (2.05.2008)
Swedish ISP Refuses To Block The Pirate Bay (27.03.2008)
EDRI-gram: Setback for IFPI in its case against PirateBay (23.04.2008)
9. Recommended Reading
Report on fraud regarding non cash means of payments in the EU:
the implementation of the 2004-2007 EU Action Plan
10. Agenda
9-10 May 2008, Florence, Italy
Digital communities and data retention
10 May 2008, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Awards Italy 2008
12 May 2008, Bled, Slovenia
Workshop on ethics and e-Inclusion
15 May 2008, Brussels, Belgium
EDPS Annual Report 2007
15-17 May 2008, Ljubljana, Slovenia
EURAM Conference 2008 - Track "Creating Value Through Digital Commons"
How collective management of IPRs, open innovation models, and digital
communities shape the industrial dynamics in the XXI century.
20-23 May 2008, New Haven, CT, USA
18th Annual Computers, Freedom, and Privacy conference
30-31 May 2008, Bucharest, Romania
eLiberatica 2008 - The benefits of Open and Free Technologies
6-7 June 2008, Bremen, Germany
IdentityCamp - a barcamp around identity 2.0 and privacy 2.0
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23 June 2008, Paris, France
GigaNet is organizing an international academic workshop on "Global Internet
Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction"
26-27 June 2008, London, UK
International Conference on Digital Evidence
30 June - 1 July 2008, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
First COMMUNIA Conference - Assessment of economic and social impact of
digital public domain throughout Europe
7-9 July 2008, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business 21st Annual International Conference
7-8 July 2008, London, UK
Developing New Models Of Content Delivery Online & Innovative Strategies For
Effectively Tackling Copyright Infringement
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
The deadline for articles submission is 10 May 2008
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-05-21 21:42:15
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.10, 21 May 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.10, 21 May 2008
1. New open doors for software patents in EU
2. Updates on Visa Information System Regulation
3. The French Government goes against CNIL in biometric passports
4. BBA Awards Italy 2008
5. UK Government will store all phone, Internet traffic data
6. Google StreetView might breach EU laws
7. Microsoft appeals the EC fine but faces even more complaints
8. Recommended Reading
9. Agenda
10. About
1. New open doors for software patents in EU
Even though the European Parliament voted against the software patents in
Europe in 2005, new measures that could make software patents enforceable
are still being discussed with the US counterparts or within the framework
of the Community Patent.
The Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure (FFII) reports
that a bilateral patent treaty could be agreed and signed with the United
States by the end of the year. The treaty could contain provisions on
software patents that will make them legal in both states.
Benjamin Henrion, a Brussels based patent policy specialist, explained for
FFII: "Talks in the Transatlantic Economic Council (TEC) are the current
push for software patents. The US want to eliminate the higher standards of
the European Patent Convention. The bilateral agenda is dictated by
multinationals gathered in the Transatlantic Economic Business Dialogue
(TABD). When you have a look who is in the Executive Board of the TABD, you
find not a single European SME in there."
The substantive harmonisation of patent laws was one of the topics during
the Transatlantic Economic Council (TEC) on 13 May 2008 between high level
representatives from EU and US. TEC is a closed trade process and it is not
the first time free trade agreements are being used by the US counterparts
to promote their IP requirement - such as the TRIPS treaty.
Also it is worth noting that after the failure of the Substantive Patent Law
Treaty, the US has switched to TEC, a closed forum, to discuss the software
patents issues with EU.
FFII President, Alberto Barrionuevo, explains why the current approach is
wrong: "The European Union does not have a Community Patent, neither a
substantive patent law in its acquis, except the biotech directive. As long
as there is no substantive patent law in the EU, it is quite silly to
discuss about a bilateral patent treaty with the United States. Its like a
blind showing the way for a deaf. If the USA really wanted to fix their
patent practice they should first switch to first-to-file and join the
European Patent Convention."
But this is not the only open door for software patents. The European
Community Patent, a  patent draft law that would allow individuals and
companies to obtain a unitary patent throughout the European Union, is still
being discussed. Acording to a member representing FSFE, part of the CEA-PME
SME Federation, that participated in a Working breakfast on Community
Patent, a Director of the European Commission considered the possible
adoption of the Community Patent proposal as the final attempt. Right now
only Spain is openly against the project.
Apparently,  most countries were now satisfied with the proposal to have
patents only in English, French, and German. Unofficial automated
translations would be provided in the other languages of the EU, even though
the EC representative acknowledged the general low quality of automated
translations but said that the EPO had now developed some amazing new
software for automated translations.
The FFII representative also highlighted the EC software patents policy:
"When talking about software patents, she constantly called them "wrongly
granted" patents or "disguised software patents". This is consistent with
the European Commission's position that software patents are not valid, but
"computer implemented inventions" are valid. In reality, the latter is just
a vague term which includes software patents. The European Commission's use
of these funny terms and definitions makes meaningful dialogue difficult."
McCreevy wants to legalise Software Patents via a US-EU patent treaty
Working breakfast on Community Patent (15.05.2008)
Transatlantic Economic Council: objectives for Spring 2008 meeting
EDRI-gram: ENDitorial - Regulating the Patent Industry (25.10.2006)
2. Updates on Visa Information System Regulation
An updated version of the Regulation on the Visa Information System (VIS)
published by Statewatch reveals that only random checks might be carried
out, if there are too many people waiting.
As already presented in EDRi-gram, the legislative package on the Visa
Information System that included the VIS Regulation has been adopted by the
European Parliament. The system will allow fingerprinting and checking
security of all visitors to EU that apply for a visa in their home country.
All the details, including fingerprints are held on the central VIS database
so that on entry to and exit from the EU identity checks can be carried out.
The VIS Regulation will allow consulates and other competent authorities to
start using the system when processing visa applications and to check visas.
The European Data Protection Supervisor has insisted on the importance of
data protection in these situation: "The VIS database will be the biggest
cross border one in Europe. Some 20 million new entries per year, regarding
people who apply for a Schengen visa, are foreseen. It is of utmost
importance that data protection is taken seriously for these, a priori,
innocent people".
After the last meeting of the Working Party on Frontiers /Mixed Committee,
the new proposal from the Council Presidency says that if there are too
many people to be checked and "all resources have been exhausted" then only
random checks will be carried out. This implies amending article 7(3) which
is making the verification of the visa holder identity and the authenticity
of the visa compulsory, by consulting the Visa Information System (VIS):
"By way of derogation, where traffic of such intensity arises that the
waiting time at the border crossing point becomes excessive and all
resources have been exhausted as regards staff, facilities and organisation
and where, on the basis of an assessment of the risk related to internal
security and illegal immigration, it is established that the consultation in
the Visa Information System need not be systematic, such consultation may be
carried out on a random basis for as long as these conditions are met."
Another issue with the VIS database is the possible access of the US
authorities to its content. The idea was rejected in a debate at the
European Parliament where the MEP Sarah Ludford, rapporteur on the EU Visa
Information System, asked for clear assurances that the US would not acquire
access to the databases:
"At a time of warnings about the frightening spread of the Mafia as well as
terrorist conspiracies, why is the EU going down this blind alley of mass
surveillance of the 99.9 percent of the public which is innocent, when the
real need is to target the 0.1 percent of travelers who might be dangerous
or criminal through intelligence- led policing and effective cross-border
cooperation between law enforcement agencies?"
Draft Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council of amending
Regulation (EC) No 562/2006 as regards the use of the Visa Information
System (VIS) under the Schengen Borders Code (25.04.2008)
An EU push for US visa waivers to protect privacy (28.04.2008)
EDRi-gram: European Visa Information System accepted by the EU bodies
EDRi-gram: EU Visa Database under scrutiny of the European Data Protection
3. The French Government goes against CNIL in biometric passports
Ignoring the opinion of the French Data Protection Authority - the National
Commission for Information and Liberties (CNIL), on 4 May 2008, the French
Government passed  a decree on the basis of which the French citizens will
have biometric passports that will include eight fingerprints and a digital
picture. The data will be introduced in a large national database.
Although symbolical, CNIL's opinion should have been published alongside
with such a decree in the Official Journal. The Government's decree went
against CNIL's unfavourable opinion given on 11 December 2007 which was
published a week after the decree. Alex T|rk, president of CNIL reinforced
the commission's position on 16 May 2008, on the occasion of the
presentation of the annual report of the commission.
"We haven't been heard on two issues: first, we believe such an important
subject should go to the Parliament and the, we have not obtained the
elements allowing the justification of creating this database" said Alex
The commission considers that the biometric passport does not seem to be a
useful tool in fighting document fraud and that the targets proposed by the
government of issuing, replacing or withdrawing passports as well as
detecting and preventing document falsification "do not justify the
retention, at the national level, of biometric data such as fingerprints"
and, therefore, the creation of such a database is a disproportionate
CNIL also draws the attention on the fact that the decree goes even beyond
the European regulation which has in view only two fingerprints and says
nothing about preserving the information into a central database. The system
involves "risks of serious damages to private life and individual liberties"
in the commission's opinion.
CNIL reinforces its opposition to the biometric passport (only in French,
Biometric passports: unfavourbale opinion from CNIL (only in French,
Biometric passports: CNIL against central database (only in French,
CNIL Opinion on biometric passports (only in French, 11.12.2007)
4. BBA Awards Italy 2008
The Italian Big Brother Awards for 2008 were presented on 10 May 2008 during
an e-privacy convention in Florence. The Italian jury is formed by 6 jurors
who have to vote over 26 nominations, out of which 5 are for the positive
The public institution award was received by the Ministry of Economics for
its very ample checking instruments. The institution is not the one to prove
the citizens are breaking the law, instead it requires the tax payers to
prove they are on the right side of the law. With the excuse of fighting tax
evasion, the institution has been recently empowered to create mass personal
(bank, health etc.) data filing, an obvious and useless violation of the
citizens' privacy.
The award for the worst private company was received by Yahoo for the
intensive monitoring of its users. Yahoo has provided the Italian Government
with data of its users. In the case of the Chinese journalist Shi Tao,
during a hearing in front of a US Congress commission on 11 November 2007,
Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang has admitted and apologized for the action and for
having previously denying the fact.
The most invasive technology was considered to be the DNA Bank of the RIS
(the Scientific Investigation Division of the "carabinieri") of Parma which
was created "quietly" without any specific normative act. No details are
known about the genetic database and there is an obvious risk of abusing the
respective data.
TV journalist Bruno Vespa was awarded the "Boot in the Mouth" price for
having dealt superficially and therefore misinforming people about the
Internet and new technologies. During a broadcast on 21 February 2008, as in
other previous occasions, he expressed alarming ideas on the impact on
privacy and the education of young people of the Internet in general and of
the new technologies.
The life time award was received by Franco Frattini, the former EU
Commissioner for Justice and Internal Affairs and since 8 May 2008 the
Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs, for having spread an idea of security
that involves "monitoring and censuring dangerous words".
"Winston Smith - Privacy hero" positive awarded was given to
Autistici/Inventati team for its entire activity and for having provided,
voluntarily and free-of-charge, for years, communication services that have
observed privacy more than the commercial or institutional organisations.
Autistici/Inventati is the hero of privacy (only in Italian, 12.05.2008)
Big Brother Award Italy 2008 (only in Italian, 10.05.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: "Frattinising" isn't the only threat (26.09.2007)
5. UK Government will store all phone, Internet traffic data
An announcement on 19 May 2008 by the UK government may herald the next
step in governmental attempts to grab hold of traffic data. Despite
the strongly negative reactions against the EU data retention
directive, which governments must transpose into national law by 15
March 2009, the UK government (which has been a key driver of data
retention) now demands even more.
Gordon Brown wants all traffic data - itemised phone bills, mobile
phone records and Internet traffic logs - to be collected and stored
in a central government database. The plan, which appeared in Monday's
Times, has been criticised by the opposition as `more of a threat to
our security than a support' while the privacy regulator said that
`We are not aware of any justification for the State to hold every UK
citizen's phone and internet records' and opined that the proposal
`may well be a step too far'.
The UK Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act already enables public
officials to obtain traffic data from service providers, and has come
in for recent criticism as the scope of its use has become clear.
When it was passed in 2000, only nine organisations were allowed to
use it but that number has risen to 792. For example, a local council
has used it to check whether a child lived within a school's catchment
In private briefings to ISP and telco staff, government officials have
said they want to trace criminals' contact networks faster and more
cheaply, and having all traffic data on one database will be much more
convenient than having to make repeated enquiries of multiple phone
companies, ISPs and other service providers. They also want to make
global enquiries such as `show me everyone in the UK who sent emails
at 21:07, 21:22 and 21:55 last Tuesday'. The ISPs for their part have
complained that harvesting large quantities of data that they do not
at present keep for business purposes will require massively expensive
network re-engineering. There are also serious doubts about the UK
government's ability to build a system capable enough to cope with
billions of emails, texts and phone messages, given its long history
of failed software projects.
One argument behind the data retention directive was that a purely
national system of data retention could not be very effective, as ISPs
would simply move their operations to other Member States to save the
cost of compliance. It remains to be seen whether the same arguments
will once again be used to argue for centralised data retention on a
European scale.  It is also quite unclear whether a government
database of all citizens' phone and Internet records is consistent
with European law.
`Big Brother' database for phones and e-mails (20.05.2008)
Anti-terror law used to snoop on fishermen (14.05.2008)
Government orders data retention by ISPs (15.05.2008)
EDRI gram: Data retention for one year for UK telecom companies (1.08.2007)
(Contribution by Ross Anderson - EDRi-member FIPR -UK)
6. Google StreetView might breach EU laws
The European Data Protection Supervisor warned that the StreetView feature
of the Google Maps service could breach the EU data protection laws, if they
show the pictures taken from the European cities.
The StreetView service makes it possible for users of GoogleMaps to see
several photos that show a 360-degree look on how the city streets or
crossings are seen at a street level. But they also get in these pictures
the pedestrians that are passing by or anyone in the area. The service is
available right now only for some US cities, but Google has started the
activities in order to get pictures from some European cities. Their fleet
of vans with cameras has been spotted in London, Rome or Paris.
The European Data Protection Supervisor, Peter Hustinx, declared during the
press presentation of his annual data protection report:
"I would encourage Google to think about how to do this. Making pictures on
the street is in many cases not a problem, but making pictures everywhere is
certainly going to create some problems. I'm quite sure they are aware of
Google didn't announced when the StreetView feature will be available for
the European cities, but the service is expected to be launched next year.
Hustinx warned the company that "Complying with European data protection
law is going to be part of their business success or failure. If they would
ignore it, it is likely to lead to (court) cases, and I think they would be
hit hard."
But Google was already taking into consideration the privacy concerns and
announced that they developed a new face-blurring technology that would be
perfected in the future. In a blog post on Google Earth and Maps teams, they
presented the new change:
"We're also taking this opportunity to test our new face-blurring technology
on the busy streets of Manhattan. This effort has been a year in the
making -- working at Street View-scale is a tough challenge that required us
to advance state-of-the-art automatic face detection, and we continue
working hard to improve it as we roll it out for our existing and future
Google also announced that they would delete the images from StreetView if
someone complained and they think that these two actions should respond to
some of the privacy problems already highlighted.
Street View revisits Manhattan (12.05.2008)
Google blurs the privacy issue (13.05.2008)
Google map service could face EU lawsuits (16.05.2008)
7. Microsoft appeals the EC fine but faces even more complaints
While new accusations have been brought to Microsoft, the giant company
announced on 9 May 2008 that it has appealed, at the Court of First Instance
in Luxembourg, the 899 million euro fine imposed in February 2008 by the
European Commission (EC) for having abused its dominant position on the
"We are filing this appeal in a constructive effort to seek clarity from the
court," was the company's statement. The basic question of the dispute is
the way in which patents and interoperability protocols are licensed by
Microsoft to competitors. In February, Microsoft announced a series of
interoperability initiatives that would provide more interoperability
between Microsoft's products and those of competitors, including publishing
all details of application programming interfaces for its most widely used
products. EC argues that the terms of the licensing are unusable for open
source software projects, as they are still subject to royalty payments. In
its turn, Microsoft considers that the terms requested by the EC violate its
intellectual property rights.
On 13 May 2008, the British Educational Communications and Technology Agency
(BECTA) also filed a complaint to the EC against Microsoft's
"anti-competitive licensing practices" after having previously made the same
complaint in UK with the Office of Fair Trading (OFT), the British
competition regulator.
BECTA considered that the lack of compatibility between Microsoft's
OOXML document standard and alternative codes, such as ODF, were deliberate
as the giant "refuse to offer equivalent support for the ISO-approved Open
Document Format (ODF)". Stephen Lucey, executive director of strategic
technologies for BECTA, also stated: "It is not just the interests of
competitors and the wider marketplace that are damaged when barriers to
effective interoperability are created. (...) Such barriers can also damage
the interests of education and training organisations, learners, teachers
and parents".
In its complaint to OFT, BECTA has argued that Microsoft supported its own
technical protocols far better than it supported the industry standard ones.
"This decision had the effect of requiring users to download and install a
range of converters to enable them to interoperate with those competitor
products" also said the agency statement.
As a response to BECTA's complaint, CompTIA, an industrial association of
which Microsoft is a member, published on 14 May a statement where it
emphasized that "the working ICT marketplace fosters immense choice and
solutions, which boost the overall interoperability and widespread use of
competing ICT products and services".
Although OFT has agreed on BECTA's filing the complaint with the EC as well,
it has not yet given its decision on the matter.
Microsoft appeals record EC fine (13.05.2008)
Microsoft's EU legal troubles continue (14.05.2008)
Education agency complains to Brussels about Microsoft (15.05.2008)
Microsoft challenges 899 million fine (12.05.2008)
EDRI-gram: Opera complains to the EC on Microsoft's Internet Explorer
8. Recommended Reading
European Data Protection Supervisor 2007 Annual report
9. Agenda
27 May 2008, London, UK
Surveillance, the Database State, Online Crime ... What Next?
(10th Birthday Party of the Foundation for Information Policy Research)
31 May 2008, Germany
Freedom rather than fear - Nation-wide action day against surveillance
30-31 May 2008, Bucharest, Romania
eLiberatica 2008 - The benefits of Open and Free Technologies
6-7 June 2008, Bremen, Germany
IdentityCamp - a barcamp around identity 2.0 and privacy 2.0
17-18 June 2008, Seoul, Korea
The Future of the Internet Economy - OECD Ministerial Meeting
23 June 2008, Paris, France
GigaNet is organizing an international academic workshop on "Global Internet
Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction"
26-27 June 2008, London, UK
International Conference on Digital Evidence
30 June - 1 July 2008, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
First COMMUNIA Conference - Assessment of economic and social impact of
digital public domain throughout Europe
7-8 July 2008, London, UK
Developing New Models Of Content Delivery Online & Innovative Strategies For
Effectively Tackling Copyright Infringement
7-9 July 2008, Cambridge, UK
Privacy Laws & Business 21st Annual International Conference
19-20 July 2008, Stockholm, Sweden
International Association for Media and Communication Research
pre-conference - Civil Rights in Mediatized Societies: Which data privacy
against whom and how ?
23-25 July 2008, Leuven, Belgium
The 8th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium (PETS 2008)
8-10 September 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
The third annual Access to Knowledge Conference (A2K3)
22 September 2008, Istanbul, Turkey
Workshop on Applications of Private and Anonymous Communications
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
10. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-11-19 23:21:16
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 6.22, 19 November 2008 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.22, 19 November 2008
1. Data breach notification - different opinions in EU bodies ?
2. The EDPS' opinion on the US-EU data exchange agreement
3. Foreign P2P software producers might be liable under the French law
4. Romania adopts data retention law
5. Big Brother Awards Czech Republic 2008
6. Google executives facing trial on video posted on YouTube
7. ENDitorial: An Overheated Debate on the Rights of the Visually Impaired
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Data breach notification - different opinions in EU bodies ?
The amendments adopted on 24 September 2008 by the European Parliament (EP)
on the ePrivacy Directive includ the obligation of information society
services providers to notify personal date related security breaches to the
national authorities. However, a recent proposal of the European Commission
seems to put the amendment back on the discussion list, reffering only to
telecom operators for such an obligation.
Following the European Data Protection Supervisor's opinion on the ePrivacy
directive in April 2008 that suggested a mandatory security breach
notification from "providers of public electronic communication services in
public networks" but also from other actors, such as "providers of
information society services which process sensitive personal data
(e.g.online banks and insurers, on-line providers on health services,
etc.)", the MEP Alexander Alvaro included amend ments on these aspects in
the report from the Standing Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home
Affairs, backing up a procedure to inform users in case of security breaches
at service providers.
The amendments adopted by the European Parliament on 24 September 2008
include these additions to the text initially proposed by the Commission.
Amendements 187/rev and 184 now ask for an obligatory notification to the
national regulatory authority or the competent authority according to the
individual law of the respective Member State, of any personal data related
security breaches from any "provider of publicly available electronic
communications services, as well as any undertaking operating on the
internet and providing services to consumers, which is the data controller
and the provider of information society services."
Other amendments adopted by the EP (124 and 125) explain the procedure
following such notifications. Thus the competent authority will consider
and determine the seriousness of the breach and, if the breach is serious,
the provider will be obliged to send a notification to all persons that were
Even though it appears that the next Council of Telecoms Ministers will
agree to the EP position, the European Commission has change the legislative
texts, as a compromise between the opinions of the European Parliament and
the European Council.
The new statements of the European Commission on data security are
intriguing, as they discuss about security breaches only in case of telecom
"The Commission reaffirms the need of telecoms operators to notify
regulators and the public about security breaches. The Commission reaffirms
that notifications must, as a matter of principle, be sent to the
individuals affected by them and that the notification procedure must remain
swift, simple and effective. In order to clarify, in an objective manner,
the cases where such notifications will be required, the Commission will,
under the new legislative text, give more detailed guidance as to the
circumstances of a breach that would trigger a notification."
Since there are yet no official documents provided on the European Council
website regarding the next Council of Telecoms Ministers meeting on 27
November 2008, it is unclear whether the European Parliament's opinion will
try to be disregarded in this respect or not. In any case, the EP will have
a  second reading on the telecom package which is scheduled for April 2009.
Telecoms Reform: Commission presents new legislative texts to pave the way
for compromise between Parliament and Council (7.11.2008)
European Parliament legislative resolution on ePrivacy directive
Documents for the Council of Telecoms Minister on 27 November 2008
EDRi-gram: ePrivacy Directive debated in the EP's Civil Liberties Committee
EDRi-gram: EDPS endorses data breach notification provision in ePrivacy
Directive (23.04.2008)
2. The EDPS' opinion on the US-EU data exchange agreement
On 11 November 2008, Peter Hustinx, the European Union's Data Protection
Supervisor, gave some comments to the report published on 26 June 2008 by
EU-US High Level Contact Group (HLCG) on information sharing between US-EU
on privacy and personal data protection.
According to Hustinx, a greater sharing of personal data between the
European Union and the US should be accompanied by guarantees that the
individuals whose data are exchanged may examine the exchange process and
correct eventual mistakes. He believes that US and EU should be allowed to
share individual personal data in criminal cases, only if people can take
the authorities to court when they are wronged. "Strong redress mechanisms,
including administrative and judicial remedies, should be available to all
individuals, irrespective of their nationality," says the EDPS.
With this position, he agrees with the EU request for the right to take the
authorities to court regardless of nationality of the person whose data is
processed, something that the US did not agree with. Currently, the US
Privacy Act says that only US citizens and legal permanent residents can sue
the authorities and only after having exhausted all direct actions with the
government agencies before going to court.
The EDPS thinks that in the context in which the transatlantic exchange of
information will continue to grow and include other additional sectors where
personal data are being processed, "a dialogue on 'transatlantic law
enforcement' is at the same time welcome and sensitive. It is welcome in the
sense that it could give a clearer framework to the exchanges of data that
are or will be taking place. It is also sensitive since such a framework
could legitimise massive data transfers in a field - law enforcement - where
the impact on individuals is particularly serious, and where strict and
reliable safeguards and guarantees are all the more needed."
Hustinx also wants more interest groups to be involved in the discussion
between the interested parties as well as a greater involvement of the
European Parliament. He believes transparency is necessary during the future
debates as until now HLCG has been working behind closed doors.
He expressed his concern related to the increasing demands for international
transfers of data from private companies and third parties. "It appears from
this context that the request of enforcement authorities of third countries
for personal information is constantly widening, and that it also extends
from traditional government data bases to other types of files, in
particular files of data collected by the private sector.
As an important background element, the EDPS also recalls that the issue of
transfer of personal data to third countries in the framework of police and
judicial cooperation in criminal matters is addressed in the Council
Framework Decision on the protection of personal data processed in the
framework of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters4 that is
likely to be adopted before the end of 2008."
Hustinx's office said the report should lay at the basis of a road map
towards a legally binding agreement, in a process that should not be hasty.
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Final Report by
the EU-US High Level Contact Group on information sharing and privacy and
personal data protection (11.11.2008)
EU Data Protection Supervisor seeks a roadmap for transatlantic data
protection (14.11.2008)
EU privacy regulator says US must agree to data swap court action
3. Foreign P2P software producers might be liable under the French law
At the beginning of November 2008, a French court ruled that the US
companies that created p2p software can be sued in France according to
French laws.
The ruling refers to a case brought to court by the French music producers
association - SPPF (Societe de producteurs de phonogrammes francaises) in
June 2007, against open source software hub SourceForge with its hosted
project Shareaza and two other p2p software Vuze and Morpheus, to which
Limewire was added at the end of 2007.
On the basis of evidence provided by the French company Advestigo, the SPPF
accused the four plaintiffs of copyright infringement, for files having
being exchanged illegally via the Internet by means of their software. The
SPPF supports its case on the so-called Vivendi amendment to the French
DADVSI law which stipulates that "editing, making publicly available or
announcing to the public, knowingly or in any other way, software manifestly
meant to make available to unauthorised public protected works" could be
fined up to 300 000 Euro or sent to prison for 3 years. Until recently, the
case had been blocked, pending the court decision on jurisdiction but now,
with the decision of the French court, the case can be pursued. Filing the
case, the SPFF was asking "the immediate interruption of the distribution
and operation of the respective software" and 3.7 millions euro from
Morpheus, and 16.6 millions euro from Vuze.
One of the companies sued by SPFF is actively working in obtaining licensing
agreements from content providers and has recently won a decision from the
US Federal Communications Commission which ordered the ISP Comcast to cease
hindering peer-to-peer activity.
The story of Sourceforge is even more concerning as the hub for open source
software is the place from where many small businesses that cannot afford to
buy software get open source software. This is a vital part of the software
industry, and even the software industry's own anti-piracy organisation, the
BSA accepts it. The music industry has a long history in fighting
Sourceforge's Shareaza, a project for the open source development of
software for end-users, which is managed by volunteer project leaders and
developers in Europe, Australia and the US.
P2P: the French offensive against the software (only in French, 7.11.2008)
Music producers get green light to sue Sourceforge, Vuze (12.11.2008)
Record Labels to Sue Vuze, Limewire and SourceForge(10.05.2008)
4. Romania adopts data retention law
Following the adoption of the draft law on data retention by the Chamber of
Deputies on 4 November 2008, the Romanian President made the final step
in adopting the law on 17 November.
the Official Journal and until its entry into force (60 days from its
publication date). The Internet-related data will be kept only starting with
15 March 2009.
The lack of any relevant debates from both chambers of  the Parliament or
its commissions was not surprising. It seems that all the parties involved
in adopting the law did it only because it was based on an EU directive and
the politicians didn't see any solution to avoid it.
The Commission on Human Rights of the Chamber of Deputies gave a negative
vote to the law, but since its opinion was just consultative on this law, it
really didn't matter in the end. Also, its report contains just the negative
vote without any explanation on the matter.
The president of the IT Committee in the Chamber of Deputies, Mr. Pambuccian
has presented the draft law to the Chamber plenum as the implementation of
an "excessive directive", but obligatory according to the European law.
But there weren't too many changes after the Parliamentary debates in the
text submitted by the Government in February this year. The major change is
the reduction of the retention time from one year to 6 months. The retained
data can be accessed by prosecutors, with a proper judge-approved access
authorization, only in penal cases related to organized crime and terrorism
crimes, that are limited by the express list provided by the definition of
serious crime.
The law does not provide the reimbursement of the expenses incured by the
law enforcement, but a new provision makes it specific that any expense for
electronic communication providers related to this law application is
fiscally deductible.
Article 20 still raises concerns giving the "state institutions with
attributions in the area of national security" access to the retained data
under the conditions established by the "national legislation" in this
domain. Since no express legislation is foreseen, this leaves an open door
for further regulation in "national security" cases.
The final draft still stipulates that an intentional access to the retained
data or its transfer without a proper authorization is a crime punished with
prison from one to 5 years.
Law 298/2008 on data retention (only in Romanian, 18.11.2008)
Draft data retention law file at the Chamber of Deputies (only in Romanian)
6 months for traffic data retention (only in Romanian, 17.11.2008)
EDRi-gram: Romanian Govt adopts Data retention law, but calls it inefficient
5. Big Brother Awards Czech Republic 2008
The fourth edition of Big Brother Awards was announced in the Czech Republic
in Prague on 14 November 2008. Under the direction of Czech EDRi-member
Iuridicum Remedium, seven worst perpetrators of the right to privacy were
awarded. The positive prize was granted to German Working Group on Data
Retention AK Vorrat.
The prizes were chosen by an expert jury from more than seventy nominations
submitted by the public. The jury members were Petr Krcmar (editor-in-chief,
Root.cz), Lenka Nejezchlebova (journalist, MF Dnes), Karel Neuwirth (Council
of Europe Data Protection Commissioner), Miroslav Ouzk} (member of the
European Parliament), Radek Smolmk (regional director, Symantec), Helena
Svatosova (Iuridicum Remedium) and Vaclav Vlk (lawyer).
The Municipal-Council of the city of Prague received the prize for the Worst
Public Agency for the multifunctional chip card it introduced for public
transport earlier this year. Although the card is designed to replace all
currently available season tickets, it is available only after presentation
of an ID and the signed agreement for the processing of personal data. Along
with the plans to reintroduce electronic gates in Prague underground, the
possibility to use public transport anonymously slowly diminishes.
The award in the category of the Greatest Corporate Invader was granted to
the AQUER.CZ for its products specifically aimed at devaluation of personal
privacy in terms of providing full software for complete monitoring of one's
computer activity.
Deutsche Telekom AG got the Lifetime Menace prize for the massive data loss
it incurred two years ago and willingly ignored until Der Spiegel proved the
data concerned were available for sale on the Internet. Until then, Deutsche
Telekom AG had not taken any steps to inform its customers about potential
threats that could have resulted from its failure to protect the customer's
The USA government has again kept its position of the world leader in the
category of the Worst Snooper among Nations for setting bilateral agreements
on personal data transfers that were concluded between the governments of
USA and several EU member states in exchange of visa waiver. The agreement
with the Czech government is kept under secret regime and will not be
subjected to democratic vote of the Parliament. It raises fears concerning
the quality, quantity, as well as protection of the data to be transferred.
The Electronic road-toll system provided by Kapsch AG for monitoring and
regulating the traffic on the country's highways won the prize in the
category of Dangerous New Technology. The original intention to use this
system to charge extra fees from transportation entrepreneurs will soon be
extended to include every car on the road. Although the Ministry of
Transportation claims that anonymity of transport is its priority, it has
provided neither guarantees nor any information how the anonymity will be
In the category Big Brother4s Precept of Law the award was given to the
European Commission for its proposal to introduce virtual strip search
cameras in European airports. The virtual strip search provides the airport
controllers with detailed picture of the traveler's body construction which
is in breach not only with the right to privacy but also the fundamental
principles of human dignity.
Mr Rudolf Marek was awarded in the category Boot in the Mouth for the
statement in his article in the EURO magazine on spying called "Hon na
skodnou nebo paranoia?" (Chasing the Vermints or Paranoia?), which presents
the possibility of hidden spying on employees as normal and usual, although
it is strictly prohibited by law.
At the end, the organizers were pleased to award the group of privacy
advocates AK Vorrat the Positive Winston Smith prize for its unceasing
endeavor to remedy the critical situation in the field of personal data
protection and defense of the fundamentals right to privacy not only within
the country of its origin, Germany, but within the entire Europe. The recent
successes of AK Vorrat have proven that its strong mission can mobilize tens
of thousands of people who do not hesitate to take part in process of
achieving the vision of the world we all share - world where the Big Brother
does not exist.
Big Brother Awards Czech Republic Official Web Site (only in Czech)
Big Brother Awards Czech Republic 2007 (in English)
Root.cz (only in Czech)
Hospodarski noviny (only in Czech)
Czech TV (only in Czech)
(Contribution by EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium - Czech Republic)
6. Google executives facing trial on video posted on YouTube
Four former and present Google executives, including Senior Vice President
David Drummond are waiting for the confirmation of the order issued by an
Italian prosecutor to stand trial for a video on a young man with Down
syndrome posted on YouTube in November 2006.
The case caused a lot of rumours in public media in 2006 and it was already
estimated that the prosecutors action would take a lot of time before
presenting the case in front of a judge. The Google executives are to appear
in a Milan court on 3 February 2009 facing charges of defamation and failure
to exercise control over personal data. The action is the result of the
investigation initiated on the basis of a complaint filed by Vividown, an
Italian advocacy group for people with Down syndrome, and the boy's father.
The video posted on the site in 2006, filmed with a mobile phone, was
showing an Italian youth with Down syndrome humiliated by four high school
students. Google removed the video immediately after having received a
complaint from the Italian Interior Ministry. The case was reported in 2006
in EDRi-gram, which underlined the fact that some important comments were
not taken into consideration such as "the responsibility of parents and
educators, the widespread deterioration of human and social values, the
warping of culture and behavior", as explained by EDRi-member ALCEI. As in
other cases, some people are using this opportunity to control free speech.
Google stated that the case could become a worrying precedent considering
the trial against its employees is not justified. Google had already said in
July 2008, when the case became public, that it would cooperate with the
prosecutors "to show that all Googlers under investigation have no
involvement in the Vividown case." A Google spokesman also stated: "We
believe that this proceeding is not about Google Video and what happened,
but about the internet as we know it - an open and free environment."
According to the EU legislation which is implemented into the Italian law,
hosting sites don't have to monitor third-party content, but are only
required to remove any content deemed offensive when notified about it. In
this case, however, Google was treated as an Internet content provider.
Google executives to face trial in Italy: sources (5.11.2008)
Four Google Officials Likely to Stand Trial in Italy (6.11.2008)
Google Sued Over Offensive Down Syndrome Video Clip | YouTube to Moderate
All Videos Uploaded? (26.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: Google accused in Italy over shock video (6.12.2006)
The "Google case" in Italy: one more excuse for censorship and repression
7. ENDitorial: An overheated debate on the rights of the visually impaired
The agenda of the 17th Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights,
that took place between 3-7 November 2008 at the WIPO headquarters in
Geneva, included the following topics: the limitations and exceptions, the
protection of audiovisual performances and the protection of broadcasting
organizations. In particular, the rights of visually impaired persons were
in focus.
This article shortly presents the events of the last day, during which the
conclusions of the meeting were agreed among the Member States, based on
proposals prepared by the chairman Mr. Jukka Liedes. This article
concentrated specifically on Limitations and exceptions and the rights of
the visually impaired.
The title "Wrangling Over the Rights of the Blind" formulated by Sherwin Siy
of Public Knowledge, sums up well the discussions of the last day. The
discussions concerning the rights of the visually impaired during the
morning session were based on the following draft conclusion:
"The Committee acknowledged the special needs of visually impaired persons
and stressed the importance of dealing with without undue delay, those needs
of the blind, visually impaired, and other disabled persons. This should
include both analysis of limitations and exceptions and the possible
establishment of a stakeholders' platform at WIPO, through which
technological, contractual and other arrangements could be facilitated to
secure access for the disabled persons to protected works."
The formulation was close to the proposal given by IFRRO, the International
Federation of Reproduction Rights Organizations. The draft conclusion had no
reference to the proposal of World Blind Union (WBU). Both the limitations
and exceptions and the contractual arrangements (voluntary licensing)
between rights holders and visually impaired were mentioned. However, due to
the debate in the morning session, the chair prepared a new draft conclusion
during the lunch break. The new formulation was the following:
"The Committee acknowledged the special needs of visually impaired persons
and stressed the importance of dealing, expeditiously and with appropriate
deliberation, with those needs of the blind, visually impaired, and other
reading-disabled persons, including discussions at the national level on
possible ways and means facilitating and enhancing access to protected
works. This should include analysis of limitations and exceptions, including
their application to the international exchange of materials in accessible
formats. This should also include the possible establishment of a
stakeholders' platform at WIPO, in order to facilitate arrangements to
secure access for disabled persons to protected works. The SCCR took note of
the paper presented by the WBU and many delegations expressed interest in
further analyzing it."
Most importantly, the paper presented by WBU was mentioned and the following
two sentences were added:
".., including discussions at the national level on possible ways and means
facilitating and enhancing access to protected works."
".., including their application to the international exchange of materials
in accessible formats."
During the afternoon session, France, acting on behalf of the EU Member
States, suggested the word "platform" to be changed to the word "mechanism".
Nevertheless, the word platform remained in the final conclusions. Instead,
the word "expeditiously" was changed to the phrase "without delay" and
the phrase "to secure access" to "facilitate access". Those were still minor
Then started the real debate. During the afternoon session, France required
the reference to the WBU proposal and sentences ".., including discussions
at the national level on possible ways and means facilitating and enhancing
access to protected works" and ".., including their application to the
international exchange of materials in accessible formats" to be taken off.
Nevertheless, Pakistan (on behalf of Asian Member States), and Algeria (on
behalf of African Member States), and other countries such as Brazil, pushed
the European Member states to accept many of the proposals. After chop and
change, finally the reference to international exchange was left out and the
reference to WBU proposal was slightly modified.
The final conclusions on the rights of the visually impaired were the
"The Committee acknowledged the special needs of visually impaired persons
and stressed the importance of dealing, without delay and with appropriate
deliberation, with those needs of the blind, visually impaired, and other
reading disabled persons, including discussions at the national and
international level on possible ways and means facilitating and enhancing
access to protected works. This should include analysis of limitations and
exceptions. This should also include the possible establishment of a
stakeholders platform at WIPO, in order to facilitate arrangements to secure
access for disabled persons to protected works. A number of delegations
referred to a paper presented by the World Blind Union (WBU) and expressed
interest in further analyzing it."
As a European citizen I was mostly confused about what happened during the
afternoon session. It is not clear to me why France (on behalf of the
European Member) opposed so aggressively the rights of the visually
impaired. James Love of KEI (James Love, 7 November 2008) wrote a
felicitous remark on the issue on the A2K-list:
"I will close with the comments from one delegation at the end of the
evening. The delegate, from a high income country, had been silent the
entire meeting, but is a country one expects to provide some moral
leadership. I said, 'why didn't you speak up? - this is a human rights
issue. She said, 'this isn't the human rights commission, - this is WIPO.'
She wasn't being ironic or critical of WIPO. She thought it was natural that
the collection society would come first on this issue. That pretty much
summed things up."
On the WIPO-websites one can find the following description with the
headline "What is WIPO"?:
"The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) is a specialized agency
of the United Nations. It is dedicated to developing a balanced and
accessible international intellectual property (IP) system, which rewards
creativity, stimulates innovation and contributes to economic development
while safeguarding the public interest."
One could think that the rights of the visually impaired could easily fit in
"a balanced and accessible (IP) system, which safeguards the public
interest". In some discussions with more experienced SCCR attendees I was
told that the starting point is always that the economic interests of rights
holders have to be safeguarded. It is worth considering whether there really
is a profitable market for works of visually impaired? According to WBU only
5 % of written works are accessible for visually impaired. That could also
be seen an indication that the market is not profitable enough. So, if the
answer to the aforementioned question is negative, there has to be some
other reason for the resistance of EU Member States for the rights of the
visually impaired.
There is currently a Green paper from European Commission on exceptions
available for comments (deadline: 30 November 2008). The rights of
disabled people are also covered by the Directive 2001/29/EC on the
harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the
information society contains an exhaustive list of exceptions to copyright
The delegations debated on what was really said during the 17 SCCR Session.
It is good that the SCCR reached at least a consensus on what was discussed
during the meeting. That is a starting point for further work. It is also
good that the reference to the WBU treaty proposal remained, as it is a
truthful fact that "A number of delegations referred to a paper presented by
the World Blind Union (WBU) and expressed interest in further analyzing it."
Leaving the reference away could have been considered as modification of
facts. It remains to be seen if consensus on the factual content can also be
reached at some point.
After all, the conclusions of SCCR 17 can be seen both from a positive and a
negative point of view. The interpretation finally relies on the Member
States. In a world of limited resources choices have to be made. The
broadcasting treaty will be maintained on the Agenda of the next session of
the SCCR. Let's hope that the work on limitations and exceptions will,
however, continue without (undue) delay or even expeditiously.
World Intellectual Property Organization, SCCR Seventeenth Session, Geneva
Member States Review Key Copyright Issues (10.11 2008)
Unpacking the WIPO SCCR Limitations and Exceptions (to copyright) agenda
Wrangling Over the Rights of the Blind
GREEN PAPER - Copyright in the Knowledge Economy COM(2008) 466/3
What is WIPO ?
(Contribution by Anniina Huttunen - doctoral student - Helsinki University
of Technology, EDRi representative at the WIPO SCCR meeting)
8. Recommended Action
Alternative Consultation on EU Justice and Home Affairs Policy
The European Commission has launched a public consultation on the future
priorities in the field of Justice and Home Affairs policy. The European
Civil Liberties Network has produced an alternative questionnaire to provoke
a more wide ranging debate about EU policy and practice.
9. Recommended Reading
Monica Horten - The French law on Creation and Internet - contracting for
Monica Horten - Packaging up copyright enforcement - how the Telecoms
Package slots in the framework for a European policy to restrict Internet
Economic damage of 3 strikes
Analysis of recent amendments to the Telecoms Package with particular
reference to warnings and sanctions related to alleges unlawful use or
communications network
10. Agenda
25-26 November 2008, Brussels, Belgium
World e-Parliament Conference 2008
2 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Global Internet Governance Academic Network (GigaNet)
Third Annual International Symposium
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
9-10 December 2008, Madrid, Spain
Future Internet Assembly
10 December 2008, Skopje, Macedonia
Fourth International Conference e-Society.Mk.
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology and Society, Tilburg University
27-30 December 2008 Berlin, Germany
25C3: Nothing to hide
The 25th Chaos Communication Congress
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-10-08 23:20:37
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.19, 8 October 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.19, 8 October 2008
1. The European Parliament voted the Telecoms Package
2. Sarkozy snubbed by Barroso in the three strikes approach
3. The European Union wants to introduce virtual body screening in airports
4. First meeting of the Fundamental Rights Platform
5. Social Networks - on the European Commission's Agenda
6. Third Phorm trials started, but privacy concerns remained
7. RapidShare needs to check every file for copyright infringement
8. Serbia: Conference on Regulation of online Freedom of Expression
9. An update on the Italian PirateBay case
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. The European Parliament voted the Telecoms Package
The Package of rules governing the Internet and telecoms sectors proposed by
the European Commission in view of supporting competition and providing
clearer information and a wider range of services to consumers was approved
by the European Parliament on 24 September 2008, in the first reading. The
measures that would have allowed a control on Internet users were rejected.
The package including four legislative proposals was proposed on 13 November
2007 and had in view the establishment of a new EU telecoms authority, the
introduction of functional separation in order to boost competition, a
review of radio-spectrum management and a range of consumer protection
Following a strong pressure from the consumers, privacy groups and telecoms
industry, the MEPs rejected the idea that ISPs should filter all downloads
and punish the infringers of anti-piracy rules, being thus transformed into
a sort of online police.
The key amendments in this respect were Amendment 166 to the Harbour
report and Amendment 138 to the Trautmann report, both adopted by the EP.
"They state that users' access may not be restricted in any
way that infringes their fundamental rights, and (166) that any
sanctions should be proportionate and (138) require a court order.
They both reinforce the principle established on April 9th in the Bono
report, that the Parliament is against cutting off people's Internet
access as a sanction for copyright infringement. Cutting off Internet
access was not explicitly in the Telecoms Package, but it did open the door
to 3-strikes. These amendments close that door." as Monica Horten correctly
points out.
The EP decided that personal data processing should not require the user's
prior consent. Also, there was no clear decision on the issue of whether IP
addresses should be considered as personal data.
However, the EP approved the application of a prior consent clause to
software such as cookies, which are installed in the users' computers and
which provide information on their behaviour to the companies having created
them, such as search engines. Another amendment requires the telecom
companies to inform the national telecom regulators if they suffered serious
data security breaches, that might affect their users' privacy.
The Parliament's vote was welcomed by most interested parties being
considered as a good step in the direction of privacy, the protection of
personal data, and principles of proportionality and separation of powers.
The European consumers organisation, BEUC stated: "Today MEPs voted to
reinforce consumer rights and competition in telecoms markets across Europe.
We hope the Council will follow the same line towards improving and
facilitating consumers' daily lives. Many consumers still suffer from
problems with their telecom providers: from complicated information to very
long-term contracts, not to mention difficulties in switching. Concretely,
thanks to today's move, consumers could benefit from more transparent
information about tariffs and conditions of contracts."
La Quadrature du Net, the group of citizens acting for individual rights and
freedoms and supported by French as well as international NGOs, wanted to
thank "all MEPs who have worked in this direction, and all citizens who
mobilized en masse to alert their delegates on these issues. We'd like to
thank particularly the MEPs who have been able to reconsider their positions
as they became aware of the risks to the rights and freedoms of their
fellow-citizens." However, the body still warns on some issues of concern
particularly that of the danger that the adopted Amendment 138 may be
withdrawn. Amendment 138 states that no restriction on the rights and
freedoms of end users can be taken without prior decision of the judicial
authority, only in cases when public safety is concerned.
There is strong support for the adoption of the telecoms package by the end
of the mandate of the present Parliament, at the middle of 2009. The next
step in this issue will be the next Telecoms Council which is planned for
the end of November.
Parliament backs major telecoms, Internet overhaul (25.09.2008)
MEPs back altered telecoms reform (25.09.2008)
European Parliament votes against 3-strikes (24.09.2008)
Telecoms Package : European democracy's victory already threatened
EDRIgram: The telecom package debated by the European Parliament
2. Sarkozy snubbed by Barroso in the three strikes approach
Barroso, President of the European Commission has refused French President
Sarkozy's request to withdraw Amendment 138 included in the Telecoms Package
recently voted by the European Parliament.
Amendment 138 which basically reinstates the legal issue of the freedom to
communicate of Internet users, reaffirming that only threats to public
security can justify the restriction to the free circulation of information
on the Internet without a court decision, was voted with a large majority by
the MEPs, fact which largely displeased EU French presidency who has
continuously pushed and pressed for the application of the three strike
approach introduced by its "Criation et Internet" draft bill.
Sarkozy sent a letter to Barroso asking for the withdrawal of the amendment
which would force France to give up its draft law. If the Commission does
not reject the amendment, France would be in the position to obtain the
refusal of the entire Telecoms Package which would practically be
impossible. Therefore, Sarkozy is trying to obtain the withdrawal of the
amendment by the Council of Ministers during the meeting scheduled for 27
November, before the second reading of the European Parliament that will
take place during the first term of 2009. "Sarkozy tries to force his way
through in Council, and his close staff does not hide that they want to
subsequently outstrip the European Parliament by having the French bill
adopted in emergency procedure before the second reading on the Telecoms
Package" says La Quadrature du Net.
But Mr. Barroso, president of the EC sent a non-receipt denial by reminding
the French President that the amendment was voted with 573 pro votes against
74 and stating that the EC will "respect this democratic decision of the
European Parliament" adding that the "amendment is a significant reminder of
the legal principles that are inherent keys to the legal order of the
European Union, especially as regards the citizens' fundamental rights".
The position was stranghtned by the European Commission spokesman for
information society issues,  Martin Selmayr that said: "The European
Commission respects this democratic decision of the European Parliament. In
our opinion this amendment is an important re-affirmation of the basic
principles of the rule of law in the EU, in particular the fundamental
rights of its citizens."
The European Commission has therefore accepted the amendment thus forcing
France to accept the report. The Commission has invited France to discuss
the issue at the Council of Ministers meeting where an agreement has to be
reached between the Council and the EP in order to pass the Telecoms
Package. As the Commission has no legislative power it can only act as
negotiator between the two bodies. If France goes on with its plans to
present its Creation et Internet draft law on 18 November, it might be under
violation of a European provision in progress of being adopted.
"The French President seems to have too soon forgotten how the European
Union institutions work by pretending to ignore the co-decision principle"
stated MEP Guy Bono, co-author of the amendment.
On the other hand, the British Government which in July seemed ready to
pursue a gradual response approach for p2p users now denies any such
attempt. The British Prime Minister stated in a response to a petition
asking him not to force ISPs to spy on their users for the purpose of
monitoring copyrighted content. "Unfortunately, much of the media reports
around this issue have been incorrect. There are no proposals to make ISPs
liable for the content that travels across their networks. Nor are there
proposals for ISPs to monitor customer activity for illegal downloading, or
to enforce a '3 strikes' policy."
Letter from Sarkozy to Barrosso (only in French)
President Sarkozy requires the withdrawal of Amendment 138 (only in
French, 4.10.2008)
Gradual response: Barroso said no to Nicolas Sarkozy (only in French,
UK Prime Minister Denies Three Strikes Proposal... After Europe Tossed It
Graduated response: Europe must resist Sarkozy's authoritarianism
Graduated Response : The Lesson (7.10.2008)
EDRIgram: French law on 'graduate response' opposed by ISOC Europe
3. The European Union wants to introduce virtual body screening in airports
A draft European Commission regulation has in view the introduction of
millimetre wave imaging scanners in airports to be used "individually or in
combination, as a primary or secondary means and under defined conditions".
The scanner will provide a "virtual strip search" of travellers within the
The regulation is meant to be introduced in all the EU countries by the end
of April 2010. The new technology creates an image of an unclothed body. The
system has already been tested on a voluntary basis at Heathrow's Terminal
The procedure involves the beaming of electromagnetic waves of passengers
the result being a virtual three-dimensional "naked" image from
reflected energy. The black and white images obtained are alarmingly graphic
raising privacy concerns.
The European Union follows the example of the Unites States where scanners
have been used in New York and Los Angeles airports because the technology
shows body contours thus revealing any possible hidden objects such as guns
or knives.
The draft regulation has raised a lot of concern from the privacy advocates.
"I don't think people are aware of what these scanners can do and how
demeaning it is to have your body on display. Heathrow was right to
discontinue their use and they should not be used in Britain except as an
alternative to strip searches" said Gareth Crossman, Director of Policy at
Liberty. In his turn, Tony Bunyan, the editor of Statewatch, believes the
technology would subject "people including women, old people and children to
such a shameful and undignified experience" adding: "It would appear that
this is yet another case of 'if it is technologically possible it should be
used' without any consideration of proportionality, privacy and civil
Concerns over the safety of the new technology to be introduced have also
been expressed. Paolo Costa, Chairman of the European Parliament's Transport
Committee wrote a letter to the Commission in which he addressed several
questions related to the procedure such as whether the technology is safe
from the health point of view or the way in which the images will be stored
and destroyed.
UK Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve wanted to emphasise the fact that,
even if the scanners may prove to be effective security instruments, the UK
government has to take into consideration first the UK security requirements
"rather than the dictates of Brussels" and that the implementation must be
done "in a proportionate manner". "Ministers need to explain publicly and
transparently what these proposals are and why they are suitable to the UK"
he added.
Another concern was expressed by Timothy Kirkhope, a Conservative Euro-MP
from the transport committee who is worried that the new security
regulations may be introduced without discussions or without consulting the
public. "It must not be the case that unelected Commission officials, or
security bureaucrats, can introduce these measures without elected MEPs or
MPs being able to anything about it," he said.
Commission Regulation of supplementing the common basic standards on civil
aviation security laid down in the Annex to Regulation (EC) No 300/2008
ACLU Backgrounder on Body Scanners and "Virtual Strip Searches" (6.06.2008)
Paolo Costa's letter to the European Commission (26.09.2008)
EU to introduce 'virtual strip searches' at airports by 2010 (1.10.2008)
4. First meeting of the Fundamental Rights Platform
On 7-8 October 2008 the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA)
held the first meeting of its Fundamental Rights Platform (FRP) in Vienna.
Representatives from about 100 NGOs and other Fundamental Rights
Organisations - EDRi amongst them - were invited to discuss and make
suggestions on potential strategic objectives of the Agency and for
priorities for the FRA Work Program 2009 and 2010.
The Fundamental Rights Platform is part of FRAs newly defined structure
and focus. With a Council Regulation of February 2007 the former
European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia (EUMC)  got an
increased thematic area of operation and was renamed to European Union
Agency for Fundamental Rights.
By a Council Decision of February 2008 a Multi-annual Framework for
the work of FRA in the years 2007-2012 was established, which served as
a basis for the discussions of the platform on the strategic direction
and thematic priorities of the Agency.
The discussions of the FRP were organised in four working groups. The
rapporteurs of these groups will create a common report, which will be
presented to the FRA management board on 23 October 2008.
Amongst the main strategic objectives that were discussed in the working
groups was, that FRA should work on increasing the visibility of Fundamental
Rights issues, increase their recognition in the EU policy making process
and that it should maintain its monitoring function and its role as a
Fundamental Rights watchdog.
The thematic priorities of FRAs work in the coming years are predefined
by the Multi-annual framework adopted by the European Council. While
most participants agreed, that it should be avoided to create a kind of
shopping list of most important Fundamental Rights issues, topics like
data protection and privacy, children's rights, rights of migrants and
access to justice were expressed by participants to be important to be
addressed by the Agency as well as by the members of the Fundamental
Rights Platform.
Next steps to be taken by the FRP will be to define its organisational
structures and mechanisms of representation. In November 2008 the FRA will
begin to draft its 2010 work program. A consultation process on this will
start at the beginning of  2009 and there will be a meeting of the FRP in
2009 as well, where the necessary decisions on the organisational and
representative structures can be taken.
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights
Council Regulation establishing FRA
FRA Multi-annual framework
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
5. Social Networks - on the European Commission's Agenda
Viviane Reding, Commissioner for Information Society and Media, gave her
first public speech on social networks at the Safer Internet Forum on 26
September 2008, which confirms the interest of the EU bodies on this topic.
The commissioner emphasized the growth of the social networks in Europe:
"56% of the European online population visited social networking sites last
year and the number of regular users is forecast to rise from today's 41.7
million to 107.4 million in the next four years. In 2007 9.6 million British
belonged to the country's social networking community, with 8.9 million and
France and 8.6 million in Germany. In Europe users spend 3 hours per month
on average on social networking sites according to comscore.com."
While praising their success in promoting cultural diversity and enhanced
interactivity and, at the same time, in bringing new economic opportunities
for the European industry, Reading mentioned also the new issues raised by
the social networks on data privacy and protection of minors.
On the occasion of this event, the submissions to the public consultation
on Age Verification, Cross Media Rating and Social Networking initiated
earlier this year by the EC were made public.
Other EU bodies, such as ENISA have called for new legislation that would
regulate social networking sites. According to its recent report, ENISA
pointed out that social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace need
more regulation to protect their users against security risks.
But the Commissioner took the stance of self-regulation in relation to
social networking and announced that the Commission wants to act as a
facilitator: "For this purpose the Commission has convened a Social
Networking Task Force, which held two meetings in 2008 with 17 operators of
social networking sites used by under-18s (e.g. MySpace, Facebook, YouTube,
Bebo, Hyves, StudiVZ, and Skyrock), a number of researchers and child
welfare organisations. The objective is to agree on voluntary guidelines for
use of social networking sites by children, to be adopted voluntarily by the
European industry."
The European Commissioner speech and announced actions seem to forget
about the security and privacy issues raised by the use of the social
networks, focusing and involving only child welfare organisations.
The importance of the privacy aspects of the online social networks is
emphasized by the European Data Protection Authorities gathered in the
plenary of the Article 29 Working Party, that have announced that it is
preparing an opinion on online social networks. The working party has sent
out a questionnaire on data protection and privacy related issues to Social
Network Services and a consolidated version of the opinion is being
Social Networking Sites: Commissioner Reding stresses their economic and
societal importance for Europe (26.09.2008)
Consultation Age Verification, Cross Media Rating and Social Networking -
The Article 29 Working Party- 67 plenary session (2.10.2008)
EDRi-gram: Social networking sites might be regulated in EU (4.06.2008)
6. Third Phorm trials started, but privacy concerns remained
Following a complaint placed in July 2008 by campaigners against the British
companies BT and Phorm for their allegedly illegal secret ISP-level adware
trials, the London Police decided not to investigate the case arguing there
had been implied consent of their customers. BT started its third trial of
Phorm technology on 30 September, this time asking the consumers to opt-in.
Phorm is used to monitor a user's web browsing history, taking a copy of the
places the user goes to and search terms he (she) looks for. Then, adverts
related to that history are placed on websites that have signed up to use
Phorm, such as BT, Talk Talk and Virgin.
Phorm has been criticised being considered to break laws on unwarranted
interception of data. Privacy advocates are also concerned by the
information that the technology gathers about a user's web browsing habits.
"The matter will not be investigated by the City of London Police as it has
been decided that no Criminal Offence has been committed. One of the main
reasons for this decision is the lack of Criminal Intent on behalf of BT and
Phorm Inc in relation to the tests. It is also believed that there would
have been a level of implied consent from BT's customers in relation to the
tests, as the aim was to enhance their products" wrote detective sergeant
Barry Murray in an email to Alex Hanff, the anti-Phorm campaigner having
compiled the dossier against the two companies.
In the police's opinion, the matter is considered a civil dispute and "there
is no suggestion that Criminal Intent exists." Nicholas Bohm, lead counsel
of the Foundation for Information Policy Research, considers the police's
explanation "pathetic" and argues that Phorm breaks several criminal laws,
especially if there is no consent. "City of London Police's response
expresses massive disinterest in what occurred. Saying that BT customers
gave implied consent is absurd. There was never any behaviour by BT
customers that could be interpreted as implied consent because they were
deliberately kept in the dark. As for the issue of whether there was
criminal intent, well, they intended to intercept communications. That was
the purpose of what they were doing. To say that there was no criminal
intent is to misunderstand the legal requirements for criminal intent" he
In February, after the first two trials of the technology used to intercept
and profile subscribers' Internet usage, BT and Phorm were advised by the
Home Office that the technology was covered by the Regulation of
Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA), governing wiretapping. The system could be
legal if consent was obtained but it appears that no consent had been asked
during those trials.
The Information Commissioner Office (ICO) asked in April 2008 that Phorm
ad-targeting system should be "opt in" and stated it would monitor Phorm
trials and commercial rollout to ensure the observation of the data
protection laws. ICO said that after its discussions with Phorm, there
appeared to be no infringement of the laws regarding personal data.
Information Society Commissioner Viviane Reding had asked the UK Government
to give, by the end of August, an explanation of how Phorm's technology
conformed with EU data protection and privacy laws. The Department for
Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform (BERR) responded in
September, basically considering that Phorm's products are capable of being
operated with the users' knowledge and consent, and if the users are
"presented with an unavoidable statement about the product and asked to
exercise a choice about whether to be involved."
But, as Nicholas Bohm has shown, unless the ISPs have the explicit consent
of both the customers whose profile is used as well as the advertising
websites using it, they are likely to commit an offence under the Regulation
of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA). "The inevitable conclusion is that an
ISP who operates the Phorm system will commit offences under RIPA s1 on a
large scale. Phorm is inciting the commission of those offences, which is
itself an offence at common law (and will be an offence under section 44 of
the Serious Crime Act 2007 when it is brought into force to replace the
common law offence)" said Bohm.
The question is whether UK authorities are aware that communications between
Internet users and website owners during web browsing are legally private
just like the communications between any two private people. They think
future Phorm deployments can be legal. On the other hand, they refused to
make public their answer to the European Commission about the first two
secret trials.
Without having a clear answer on these issues, BT started on 30 September a
new trial of the Phorm technology, this time by asking consent to its users
for the participation in the trial. The company has even envisaged
incentives such as offering to donate to charities if its users opt to let
their Internet use profile for advertisers, an upgrade to a faster broadband
package at no extra cost, a reduction in the bill, free music or anti-virus
software download vouchers or others.
Digital rights campaigners have fought against Phorm for some time now and
have shown that there is no protection for UK citizens from corporations
wanting to illegally intercept private communications.
The European Commission lawyers are analysing the UK government's
explanation of why no action has been taken.
Phorm warned about web data rules (9.04.2008)
Police drop BT-Phorm probe (22.09.2008)
Phorm mulls incentives for ad targeting wiretaps (26.09.2008)
4 good reasons not to take part in the BT Webwise trial (30.09.2008)
What BERR want from Phorm - and what we think they're missing (19.09.2008)
The Phorm "Webwise" System (18.05.2008)
EDRi-gram: UK: Phorm targeted advertising practices - under pressure
7. RapidShare needs to check every file for copyright infringement
A Hamburg court in Germany has ruled that the free file-hosting service
RapidShare.de is not doing enough to combat piracy, so they should check
content for copyright infringement before it is made available on the
Internet .
The decision was given in the legal conflict between RapidShare and GEMA, a
German copyright collective organisation, that has been going fro some
years. RapidShare already has a system in place to check against the
uploading of already deleted material. The system is based on a MD5 Hash
filter, but it was not considered enough by the court because any file can
be changed with just a few bytes in order to bypass the filter.
Not even the fact that the company has six employees working full time to
remove infringing content was enough for the court that claimed that
RapidShare has to "pro actively check content before publishing it" if there
had been similar infringements in the past. They also have the obligation
to log the IP addresses of alleged infringers.
The judge also ruled that Rapidshare cannot argue that it is impossible to
stay in business if it would have to check every single file: "A business
model that doesn't use common methods of prevention cannot claim the
protection of the law."
The decision will be impossible to implement in the case of the password
protected archives that can't be checked for copyright infringement. Also,
the case could have limited effects to the Internet free file-hosting, since
RapidShare has its main office in Switzerland and there are other
free-hosting services available in almost every corner of the world.
Hamburg decision on RapidShare.de (only in German, 2.07.2008)
Court: Rapidshare has to check all uploads for copyright infringement
Rapidshare Loses in Court - Must Proactively Remove Copyrighted Content
EDRi-gram: RapidShare sues German rights holder association (9.05.2007)
8. Serbia: Conference on Regulation of online Freedom of Expression
On 8 and 9 September 2008, the Faculty of Political Sciences of the
University of Belgrade hosted the international conference on regulation of
freedom of expression on the Internet, organized by the Programme in
Comparative Media Law and Policy (PCMLP) of the University of Oxford.
EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation participated with a presentation of the
Macedonian experiences in this area.
The dean of the Faculty of political sciences Milan Podunavac reported that
as part of the efforts to overcome the negative legacy from the Serbian
past-as a postwar, post-dictatorial and post-communist society-the faculty
intends to introduce a subject for media law and new media law. The
Ambassador of the Council of Europe (CoE), Constantin Jerokostopulos,
indicated that the freedom of expression and communication must be
respected, with an exception of the contents defined as illegal by the law.
Jelena Surculija, Assistant Minister of Telecommunications and Information
Society and PCMLP representative for Serbia pointed out that regulatory
challenges include authenticity of the information and availability of
content published abroad in countries where such content is illegal. She
differentiated between blogging as form of expression dealing mainly with
personal information and perceptions, including publishing on
Facebook.com-like systems, and citizen journalism as a new form of
journalism which for the time being remains unacknowledged due to issues of
ethics and media registration.
Prof. David Goldberg from the University of Oxford started with the basic
assumption that "blogging is simply a form of expression, of writing, and as
such it is entitled to maximum protection." He pointed out that it is a
"misleading metaphor to speak about 'balance.' The default position is
promotion of freedom of expression with some very limited exceptions."
Speaking about the challenges, prof. Goldberg suggested the possible need to
define a new term for political blogs - plogs, and also noted that current
estimates on the number of blogs probably underestimate their quantity,
considering also the fact that "22 of the 100 most popular websites are
Referring to a recent UK case when a convicted criminal posted a threat to
his arresting officer ("PC Lloyd, God help your newborn baby") and was
charged under Telecommunications Act, prof. Goldberg stated that there's "no
need for new laws, there's plenty of legislation lying around" which can be
used to tackle the blogging-related problems. On the other hand, the need
for anti-SLAP legislation-preventing centers of power such as corporations
to use strategic lawsuits against the public-grows, to insure freedom of
expression for the individual authors or content providers.
Council of Europe Expert Ad Van Loon also pointed out that human rights
protection, and especially freedom of expression, lies at the core of the
CoE regulatory framework for content on the internet. These rights remain
under threat in countries which do no meet their international obligations,
but can also be influenced by other factors, such as copyright.
Legal experts Slobodan Kremenjak, Attorney-at-Law, and Snezana
Smolovic-Green from the Association of the Independent Electronic Media
presented the legal framework for protection of personal data and privacy
protection in online and offline media. Serbian institutions responsible for
these areas include the Ombudsman and the Representative for information of
public importance. In this context, prof. Dirk Voorhoof from the University
of Gent Belgium pointed out that the related right to anonymity can be
jeopardized by various threats, both legal and technical.
Media law expert Inger Hoedt-Rasmussen provided insight in the Danish
experiences in the area of protection of rights of children on the
internet, based on the premise that bad things are just a small part of the
possibilities offered by the new technologies. The threats can be minimized
through awareness raising and increasing of knowledge much better than
through state mechanisms of control and censorship. She noted that kids as
digital natives have far more knowledge and skills about the new
technologies than their parents who attempt to help them. The dangers, such
as paedophile predators, did not appear because of the internet, they were
part of life in the past too. Caregivers had modes of preventing such
threats in the past, such as instructing choir boys when going on tour to
immediately report if some "uncle" follows them around claiming he's very
interested in music.
During the panel devoted to regulation and/or self-regulation on the
internet, Andrei Richter, the director of the Moscow Media Law and Policy
Institute pointed out the serious issues present in Russia and the
Commonwealth of Independent States. The most drastic example is the arrest
and murder of the owner of the website Ingushetia.ru. He referred to the
little known fact that Belarus is among the most productive post-Soviet
republics in terms of internet content production, second only to EU-member
Baltic States, while the states of Central Asia, which have very liberal
legislative framework, lag behind. Prof. Richter pointed out that repressive
legal frameworks often take the back seat to education levels and cultural
factors in preventing content creation, which in turn incites freedom of
expression. Due to its size, Russia has the largest content production in
absolute terms, and "it is clear that (the Government) cannot control the
internet any more." Influencing factor is whether the states treat the
internet as mass media or not, which implies varied status in legislative
terms. For instance in Georgia where mass media have nominal protection this
leads to increased freedom of expression on the internet. In Russia, sadly
"the whole system of self-regulation consists of a telephone call from the
security services." Participants in the discussion concurred that the
situation in Serbia used to be similar.
Metamorphosis Foundation representative Filip Stojanovski spoke about the
situation in Macedonia as an example of a Western Balkans country. In
general, there is no formal regulation of the internet. ISPs claim that they
do not filter the content published on their servers, and remove content
only by court order. In some cases the generally accepted value of freedom
of expression leads to tolerance to forms of hate speech. Lack of official
standards for the governmental websites combined with the silence of the
administration makes it harder for the citizens to get the information from
the state structures. Spam is a form of regulated content - forbidden by the
Law on Electronic Communications (2005) but to the best of the public
knowledge, the regulatory body in charge of enforcing this law (aek.mk)
has not implemented these provisions so far. Positive examples of
self/regulation include the house rules of blogging service Blogeraj, the
efforts to increase privacy protection by the Directorate for Personal Data
Protection and the NGO sector, chiefly the project Children's Rights on the
Internet - Safe and Protected.
Slobodan Markovic, president of the Center for Internet Development from
Belgrade addressed freedom of expression issues related to the internet
domain names. On global level ICANN implements the Domain Name Dispute
Resolution Policies. Through an inclusive consensus building process, the
relevant stakeholders in Serbia established a new domain registrar. The
mechanism for resolution of disputes relies on court arbitration, which is
part of the original contract for purchase of domains. In a similar painless
fashion the process of migration from the old .yu to the new .rs top domain
is taking place. The owners of the old domains have an advantage in the
process of (re)registration, and the old addresses will remain valid for
about a year more.
Participants in the conference included representatives of the state
institutions, regulatory bodies, the nongovernmental and the business sector
of Serbia. Both the panels and the subsequent discussions served to pass on
the knowledge helpful to inciting reform processes toward the harmonization
of the legal and institutional frameworks with the European standards.
Conference Agenda (08.09.2008)
Serbia: Conference on Regulation of Freedom of Expression on the Internet
(contribution by Filip Stojanovski - EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation -
9. An update on the Italian PirateBay case
The Bergamo Criminal Court overrules the seizure, but establishes a case law
that is a violation of civil rights.
On 16 August 2008 ALCEI reported to the Italian Data Protection Authority
the violations of law contained in the pre-emptive seizure order issued by
the Justice for preliminary investigation of the Bergamo Tribunal. In that
report, ALCEI pointed out that:
- the wrong and manipulative extension of the provision that disciplines
a pre-emptive seizure to include the hijacking of online traffic;
- the enforcement of a court order outside Italian jurisdiction and,
what's even worse, not based on any actual criminal offense, but on
"statistical" hypotheses based on data that have no scientific reliability;
- the misconduct by the Bergamo Guardia di Finanza that, without any court
order, ordered internet access providers to redirect all requests of
connection from Italy to the thepiratebay.org website to another site,
placed in the UK and managed by an organization backed by music industry.
While we are waiting for the decision of the Data Protection Authority (that
we hope will come soon) the Bergamo Court has overruled the pre-emptive
seizure order with a decision that, instead of solving the problems arising
from the first decision, creates worst issues. The Bergamo Court, in fact,
has overuled the seizure, but only on the legal basis. As it has been
out by ALCEI, that "seizure" cannot be interpreted as "traffic hijacking".
But the court did not, as it should have done, evaluate first of all the
lack of Italian jurisdiction. By not doing so, the Bergamo tribunal has
created a dangerous case law that, by reciprocity, allows any foreign
magistrate to investigate and take to court an Italian citizen, with the
additional absurdity that even in the absence of any evidence that a crime
has been committed, a legal prosecution can be based on hypothetical
"statistic calculation".
Furthermore, by asserting the validity of the public prosecutor
investigation, the Court has de facto established the automatic liability
not only of internet providers, but also of search engines, and the
possibility of using, as an investigative tool, data and information with no
solid ground.
And also, by saying that even if pre-emptive seizure has been wrongly
enforced , it is "in theory compatible with" sect.14D.L.VO 70/03 (EU
E-commerce directive implementation, dealing with ISP liability), the Court
of Bergamo on the one hand allows "owners of ideas" to push for an
additional and barbaric copyright law amendment while, on the other hand, it
reaffirms an obvious error of interpretation of law by affirming the role of
ISPs as "sheriffs of the net".
ALCEI expresses serious concern about this court decision that fails to
offer clear references for citizens and enterprises, increases confusion and
the perception that, when copyright is involved, law is not "equal for all".
ALCEI - An update on the Piratebay case (8.10.2008)
ALCEI Press release - The Piratebay case.  The Bergamo Criminal Court
overrules the seizure, but establishes a case law that is a violation of
civil rights. (only in Italian, 7.10.2008)
ALCEI : Dangerous Ordinance on PirateBay (only in Italian, 8.10.2008)
EDRi-gram: Italian justice wants to "seize" a foreign website (27.08.2008)
(contribution by EDRi-member ALCEI - Italy)
10. Recommended Action
Consultation on the early challenges regarding the "Internet of Things"
Commission consults on how to put Europe into the lead of the transition to
Web 3.0 (29.09.2008)
11. Recommended Reading
FOI in the EU: When is a "document" not a "document"? by Tony Bunyan
The European Commission has put forward a number of changes to the
Regulation on access to EU documents adopted in 2001. Controversially it
proposes to change the definition of a "document" which in turn affects
which would or would not be listed on its public register of documents. Does
this have anything to do with the fact that the European Ombudsman has just
ruled that the Commission must abide by the existing definition of a
"document" in the Regulation and that it must list all the documents it
holds on its
public register?
12. Agenda
10-11 October 2008, Paris, France
The Exchange and Storage of Data - Issues of Sovereignty, European and
International Technical Cooperation, and Fundamental Human Rights
11 October 2008, Worldwide
Action day "Freedom not fear"
Protests, demonstrations and activities against the surveillance mania
13-15 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
First PrivacyOS "Open Space" Conference
EDRi is a partner of the PrivacyOS project - a thematic network for privacy
protection infrastructure within the current European Commission4s ICT
Policy Support Programme.
15-17 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
30th International Data Protection and Privacy Conference
18 October 2008, Berne, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland 2008
20-21 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
European Dialogue on Internet Governance (EuroDIG)
20-21 October 2008, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Marking the public domain: relinquishment & certification
Third Communia Workshop
21 October 2008, Brussels, Belgium
Workshop "International Transfers of Personal Data"
Organized by the European Commission with the Article 29 Data Protection
Working Party and the United States Department of Commerce's International
Trade Administration.
22 October 2008, Brussels, Belgium
New Legal Requirements for the Electronic Communications Sector:
Security Breach Notification, Content Filtering and Data Retention
24 October 2008, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany 2008
25 October 2008, Vienna, Austria
Big Brother Awards Austria 2008
13-14 November 2008, Chisinau, Moldova
IFLA/EBLIDA/eIFL Conference on copyright and libraries
Copyright: Enabling Access or Creating Roadblocks for Libraries?
Registration by 1 November 2008
25-26 November 2008, Brussels, Belgium
World e-Parliament Conference 2008
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
9-10 December 2008, Madrid, Spain
Future Internet Assembly
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology, and Society, Tilburg University
27-30 December 2008 Berlin, Germany
25C3: Nothing to hide
The 25th Chaos Communication Congress
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-10-22 23:01:00
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram - Number 6.20, 22 October 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.20, 22 October 2008
1. Some amendments of the EP voted Telecom package still worrying
2. The PNR scheme entirely changed by the European Council
3. International Action Day "Freedom not Fear" - 11.10.2008
4. Freedom not Fear Prague: Do It Yourself Carnival burst in the city center
5. New Dutch Notice-and-Take-Down Code Raises Questions
6. Protests in France against the Edvige file on St. Edwige day
7. German court says ISPs do not violate the law by storing IP addresses
8. British court: people are bound to reveal computer encryption key
9. ENDitorial: Seizures and other abuses - from bad to worse
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Some amendments of the EP voted Telecom package still worrying
Some of the amendments passed by the European Parliament (EP) on the Telecom
package are still worrying the civil rights groups, both on data retention
and IP issues. Also, the fact that some amendments of the EP do not appear
in the new document of the European Council working party on
Telecommunications and the Information Society creates more confusion.
According to information from Patrick Breyer from the German Working Group
on Data Retention, amendment 181 passed by the European Parliament
regarding directive 2002/58/EC could be read to legalise "voluntary" blanket
data retention practices as currently practised in the US. The amendment
would make the entire regulation of traffic data in Article 6 of the
directive meaningless. It is not restricted to times when an actual network
error occurs but would allow a general collection of traffic data on the
grounds of them being useful for "security purposes". It does not set a time
limit, either.
Amendment 181 added in the Article 6 the following text: " Without
prejudice to compliance with the provisions other than Article 7 of
Directive 95/46/EC and Article 5 of this Directive, traffic data may be
processed  for the legitimate interest of the data controller for the
purpose of implementing technical measures to ensure the network and
information security, as defined by Article 4 (c) of Regulation (EC)
460/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 March 2004
establishing the European Network and Information Security Agency, of a
public electronic communication service, a public or private electronic
communications network, an information society service or related terminal
and electronic communication equipment, except where such interests are
overridden by the interests for the fundamental rights and freedoms of the
data subject. Such processing must be restricted to that which is strictly
necessary for the purposes of such security activity."
It seems that a majority of the EU member states are already critical to
this amendment.
But other amendments on the 3 strikes approach have come back on the agenda.
On 14 October 2008, the European Council Working Party on Telecommunications
and the Information Society issued a document that eliminated, without any
explanation or justification, the pro-Bono amendment 166 (Article 32a) of
the Universal Access directive (Harbour report) in the Telecoms Package
reiterating the European Parliament's opposition to the 3-strikes measures
The article in question that said: "Article 32a Access to content, services
and applications Member States shall ensure that any restrictions to users'
rights to access content, services and applications, if they are necessary,
shall be implemented by appropriate measures, in accordance with the
principles of proportionality, effectiveness and dissuasiveness. These
measures shall not have the effect of hindering the development of the
information society, in compliance with Directive 2000/31/EC, and shall not
conflict with citizens' fundamental rights, including the right to privacy
and the right to due process" and which was voted by a clear majority in the
Parliament, simply lacks from the recent European Council document without
any explanation whatsoever.
The document includes some other amendments which pave the way for the
3-strike system, imposing costs on ISPs and removing the oversight by the
European Commission and national Regulators meant to protect users from
content filtering.
At the same time, the article designed to support the French graduated
response measures, (the co-operation Amendment 112 - Article 33 (2a) is
Some of the state members, such as UK, Ireland, Germany, Austria and Hungary
have reserves concerning the European Council document but the French
government is pushing to see its system imposed on all EU members.
In an attempt to influence the German government's position, a seminar, "on
the development of Creative content online" was organized by the French
embassy in Berlin with the title "Can the Olivennes agreement set the course
for the digital future?". During the seminar, German MEP Ruth Hieronymi
clearly stated that co-operation amendment 112 of the Harbour report in the
Telecoms Package provided the basis for the graduated response in EU law. "I
am absolutely convinced, that the legal framework is there, to fashion a
model like Olivennes that is compatible with European law" she stated in
relation to the Telecoms Package.
The MEP also claimed personal responsibility for the withdrawal of Amendment
132 in the Framework directive which opposed graduated response, and was in
direct conflict with Amendment 112 and the other pro-Olivennes measures.
Hieronymi's comments show that the attempt to insert graduated response and
copyright enforcement measures into the Harbour report was deliberate. Which
means that a vote for the directive as it is now, will clearly be a vote for
graduated response.  Unless there is no opposition form the governments
having shown some reserves, the law imposing the graduated response will be
passed to all EU countries by December, as the Council seems to have decided
to negotiate the document and not send it back to the EP for a second
European Council set to overturn Parliament on 3-strikes (15.10.2008)
Working Party on Telecommunications and Information Society - Compromise
Proposal for the consolidated version of the proposal amending directive
2002/22/EC (10.10.2008)
"Co-operation" amendment WAS designed to support 3-strikes (17.10.2008)
EDRIgram: EP votes Telecoms Package (8.10.2008)
2. The PNR scheme entirely changed by the European Council
The European Council has started re-writing from scratch the European
Commission's proposal for an EU-PNR scheme as a result of several EU
governments' intention to go further in this matter.
Some European governments, with the UK in the lead, want to extend the PNR
scheme used now under the US-EU agreement to all types of travel (air, land
and sea), not only in and out the EU borders but between EU countries and
even within each country. They also want the data and information gathered
to be used not just for entry-exit, but also for any law enforcement
The declared purpose of collecting the data is "the prevention, detection,
investigation, prosecution and punishment of terrorism and a group of other
serious offences, defined by reference to the list in the Framework Decision
on the European Arrest Warrant." However, there is an additional statement
which gives more freedom to control: "The instrument would of course cover
the reporting and prosecution of other offences brought to light during
controls." While the PIUs (Passenger Information Units) collect the data
from airlines and assess the passengers, "competent national authorities"
(i.e. police, security agencies) would be allowed to use the data for other
purposes than for assessing security risks for flights.
The list of data to be collected practically covers the same 19 sets of data
under the US-EU PNR agreement. Also, there will be two transmissions of the
data, one 48 hours before the flight take off and one when the flight is all
The procedure for analysing the "terrorist or criminal threat" will include
a first analysis "based on risk indicators" (such as source country or
destination) "pre-established by the competent (national) authorities" and a
second one based on "national, international and European files". However,
the issue here is that the 27 EU countries have watch lists which are
extremely different. Hence, the proposal suggests the necessity of
developing "common methods and indicators".
As some of the State Members do not wish to extend the scheme to flights
inside the EU space, the text proposes that the choice of individual states
to take the measure at the national level should be "explicitly recognised".
This means that actually the PNR will be collected by all Member States on
all flights in and out of the EU and if a Member State wants to survey
intra-community flights as well, it can very well do it.
EU-PNR scheme being re-written by the Council (4.10.2008)
EDRIgram - Dispute between UK government and EU over the use of PNR
Observatory: EU surveillance of passengers (PNR)
3. International Action Day "Freedom not Fear" - 11.10.2008
The first worldwide protests against surveillance measures such as the
collection of all telecommunications data, the surveillance of air
travellers and the biometric registration of citizens were held on 11
October 2008 under the motto "Freedom not Fear - Stop the surveillance
mania!". In at least 15 countries citizens demanded a cutback on
surveillance, a moratorium on new surveillance powers and an independent
evaluation of existing surveillance powers. "A free and open society cannot
exist without unconditionally private spaces and communications", explains
an international memorandum.
The greatest protest march against surveillance in Germany's history took
place in Berlin. Participants in the 2 km long peaceful protest march
carried signs reading "You are Germany, you are a suspect", "No Stasi 2.0 -
Constitution applicable here", "Fear of Freedom?" and "Glass citizens,
brittle democracy". Apart from related music tracks, loud chants of
"Belittle it today, be under surveillance tomorrow" or "We are here and we
are loud because they are stealing our data" could be heard. During the
protests, which were supported by more than 100 civil liberties groups,
professional associations, unions, political parties and other
organisations, artists played parodies on surveillance society.
In their final speeches in front of the Brandenburg Gate, the
organisers called for political consequences: padeluun of civil
liberties group FoeBuD said that in view of the mass protests
politicians needed to react now and repeal the blanket retention of
all telecommunications data introduced in 2006. Patrick Breyer of German
Working Group on Data Retention (AK Vorrat) presented a five point plan
according to which surveillance should be reduced, existing laws should be
evaluated and plans for new surveillance measures should
be halted. In the course of a "new, freedom-loving security policy"
specific preventive measures such as youth projects should be
invested in and the "real problems" of people such as poverty and
education should be focused on. Ricardo Cristof Remmert-Fontes of AK Vorrat
announced further action and invited participants to join parties held in
seven participating clubs in Berlin under the motto "The long night of
In other countries, the following events took place in the course of
yesterday's "Freedom not Fear" day: Protest event with music and
several art performances in Den Haag, lectures in Rome, surveillance
camera mapping in Madrid, art performances in front of Parliament in
Vienna, protest rallies in Paris, Prague, Sofia and Stockholm, the
distribution of privacy software in Copenhagen, informative events
in Guatemala City and Buenos Aires as well as a projection of light
onto Toronto's Town Hall. In London, the construction of a surveillance
state was opposed by creating a massive collage of photos on Parliament
Square showing the prime minister and the action day's motto "Freedom not
Before the action day, Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung had
warned of a "surveillance avalanche in Germany": According to the
group, the German Parliament has tightened surveillance and control
over citizens at least 21 times in the past 10 years. At least 18
more surveillance proposals are presently on the political agenda,
for example the blanket collection of air travellers' data and the
transfer of personal data to the US.
In an opinion published on 14 October 2008, the competent Advocate General
at the European Court of Justice considered that the EU directive on data
retention was enacted on the correct legal basis. The German Working Group
on Data Retention pointed out that the Advocate General's opinion only
concerns the action brought by the Irish government which is
limited to formal issues. It is not concerned with the fact that registering
the telecommunications behaviour and movements of the entire EU population
in the absence of any reasonable suspicion is clearly disproportionate and
violates human rights.
If the Court follows the Advocate General's opinion and dismisses Ireland's
suit, it will need to consider the compatibility with human rights in a
second proceeding. This second proceeding is likely to be initiated by the
German Federal Constitutional Court where a suit of more than 34 000
citizens against data retention is pending.
In another case, The German Federal Constitutional Court is expected to
decide shortly on an application for a preliminary injunction against the
German law on data retention. The application is directed mainly against the
retention of Internet access, anonymizing services and e-mail data which is
to become effective on 1 January 2009. The Constitutional Court's final
judgement will probably be passed after the European Court of Justice has
decided on the human rights issues.
International Action Day "Freedom not fear - Stop the surveillance mania!"
on 11 October 2008
Freedom Not Fear: the Big Picture unveiled on Parliament Square (11.10.2008)
Advocate General Bot considets that the directive on data retention is
founded on an appropriate legal basis  (14.10.2008)
Constitutional complaint filed against German Telecomms Data Retention Act
(contribution by German Working Group on Data Retention)
4. Freedom not Fear Prague: Do It Yourself Carnival burst in the city center
On 11 October 2008 Prague hosted the DIY Carnival which marched through the
city centre in the name of the worldwide initiative "Freedom not Fear".
Starting with a concert of several music groups on the river island
Stvanice, more than 1000 people wearing masks outnumbered crowds of tourists
on the fancy streets of the Old Town and protested against increasing
surveillance within the society. The colourful parade ended up at sunset,
but some of the participants reunited later that night on the occasion of
Big Brother Awards benefit concert which was organized by EDRi member
Iuridicum Remedium.
"The recent level of restrictions which criminalize majority of our society
is alarming. It is another step towards state where police is competent to
arbitrary bully people on the streets," said Jan Nemec, the spokesman of the
Freedom not Fear initiative in Prague, in his public speech. "Let your
voices be heard and express your resolute protest against these oppressive
measures," called Jan Nemec on the participants.
However, the organization of the DIY Carnival did not go that smoothly as
might be observed from its results. The parade had to take an alternative
route, because the municipal authorities banned the original one on the
bases of their fear that the carnival could turn into a street party.
Subsequently, the organizers have lodged an appeal with the court that was
later dismissed. The final decision is still pending, though. "The hearing
on the ban took place on Friday, just one day after we received an email
notification, while the rules of the administrative court grant at least ten
days for preparation," commented the first instance decision Helena
Svatosova, lawyer from the NGO Iuridicum Remedium, who initiated proceedings
in this  matter before the Highest Administrative Court.
(contribution by Vaclav Mlynarik - EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium)
5. New Dutch Notice-and-Take-Down Code raises questions
Dutch government and leading market participants have adopted a new
Notice-and-Take-Down Code of Conduct. The Code seeks to clarify the
responsibilities of internet intermediaries (hosting providers in
particular) when confronted with a notice that online information is
punishable (under Dutch penal law) or unlawful. Reactions to the code
are mixed. Many hosting providers have not signed the Code. Others have
called it symbolic. In fact, the Code seems to obscure the current legal
obligations of internet service providers with regard to punishable and
unlawful material. Unfortunately, the Code does not even mention the
right to freedom of expression and the issue of censorship.
Although the code has no legal status, it goes further than the Dutch law in
a number of ways. The Code states that a notice of a public prosecutor
that material is punishable cannot be questioned by a provider, because
the public prosecutor has already established its illegal character.
However, a recent academic study of the Centre for Cybercrime Studies
(Cycris), commissioned by the Dutch government, revealed the inadequacy
of Dutch laws concerning Notice and Takedown. In particular, it found
that the public prosecutor does not have an adequate legal instrument to
order material to be taken down. The study concluded that "there are
insufficient guarantees built into the process to protect the interests
of Internet users and the information freedoms". The Dutch government
has responded that it is reviewing the relevant laws, but it has
completely ignored the problem in the context of this new Code.
In the case of notices of punishable and unlawful material from others
than the public prosecutor the Code provides that an intermediary will
remove the material if it is 'unequivocally' punishable or unlawful. If
not, the party seeking removal can either seek involvement of law
enforcement agencies or start a civil procedure. There is no explicit
mention of a put-back procedure. The Code does state that intermediaries
have to be careful not to remove more content than the notice points to.
The Code does not change the circumstances under which rights holders
can retrieve identifying data of alleged infringers of copyright. For
this reason, BREIN, the representative of the rights holders in the
Netherlands, has made clear it sees the current Code as unsatisfactory.
To complicate matters, the Code introduces the concept of 'undesirable'
or 'harmful' material. It defines this as material that is not illegal
or unlawful under Dutch law, but material that a provider itself does
not want to host, because of its 'undesirable' or 'harmful' character.
The Code states that the provider is free to develop such criteria and
treat notices of 'undesirable' or 'harmful' material the same way as
notices of illegal material. Clearly, government involvement in this
part of the Code of Practice is problematic from the perspective of
freedom of expression. The Code does not clarify which categories of
content can legitimately be considered as 'undesirable' or 'harmful' by
an intermediary. And unfortunately, the Code does not explicitly forbid
law enforcement agencies to send notices of 'undesirable' or 'harmful'
material, whereas such notices would seem to be illegal.
The Code was adopted in the context of the National Infrastructure
Cybercrime, a public private partnership, which includes several branches of
the Dutch Government, major broadband providers such as KPN, XS4all, and
cable providers. There is no official list of participants in the Code.
Notice-And-Take-Down Code of Conduct (9.10.2008)
Dutch 'Notice-and-Take-Down' Code of Conduct issued (14.10.2008)
Cycris Research on art. 54a of the Dutch Penal Code (13.05.2008)
Hosters en Brein sluiten piraterij-compromis (In Dutch only) (9.10.2008)
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken - EDRi-member Bits of
Freedom -Netherlands)
6. Protests in France against the Edvige file on St. Edwige day
As previously announced in EDRi-gram, St. Edwige day in France was a day of
protests against the file project called Edvige, a file that would gather
information on any person, including minors, considered by the police as a
"suspect" capable of disrupting the public order.
On 16 October, on St. Edwige day, demonstrations against the introduction of
the Edvige file were organised in Paris, Agen, Bordeaux, Strasbourg,
Saint-Etienne, Lyon and other big cities in France by the "Non ` Edvige"
group that included La Ligue des Droits de L'Hommes (The League of Human
Rights), FSU, CGT, CFDT, Aides and French EDRi-member IRIS.
The project had already been modified in September into the so called
EDVIRSP file. However, even the new version was considered unacceptable by
the opponents of the project especially because it involves gathering data
on minors who are considered by the police a public threat.
The "Non ` Edvige" petition is asking for the cancellation of the entire
project. It remains to be seen if the demonstrations that took place on 16
October will find any echo with the French authorities.
On Saint Edwige, the anti-Edvige march on the streets (only in French,
 at 2-3224,63-1107874 at 51-1090646,0.html
Saint Edwige: the anti-Edvige in the street (only in French,17.10.2008)
On Saint Edwidge: I don't want Edvige ! (only in French, 17.10.2008)
EDRIgram - French file EDVIGE revised after huge civil society mobilization
(only in French, 24.09.2008)
7. German court says ISPs do not violate the law by storing IP addresses
On 30 September 2008, the Munich District Court decided in a provisional
ruling that website operators were not violating the data protection
legislation when storing IP addresses of their visitors as IP addresses
alone are not considered personal data.
The case was brought to the court by an individual who argued that storing
IP addresses in log files by a web publisher represents a privacy violation
because the information could be used to identify him and relate his
identity to his web surfing activity. The court dismissed his arguments and
ruled against his claim.
The court considers IP addresses are not personal data under the German
Privacy Act because the information cannot be easily used to determine a
person's identity and an ISP could not tell a third party who was using a
particular IP address at a particular time without a legal basis. Such
information is provided by ISPs only when ordered by a court.
The ruling also said that IP addresses lacked the necessary quality of
"determinability" to be personal data, meaning the identity of the person
behind the information cannot be established without a significant effort
and by using "normally available knowledge and tools."
However, we should not over-estimate the relevance of this decision.It was
taken by a local court with no IT experts and the judge did not discuss the
dissenting decisions from higher level Berlin courts. The decision only
applies to dynamic IP addresses.
Privacy activists have argued that IP addresses should count as personal
data under data protection legislation. The Article 29 Working Party has
also said that IP addresses should be treated as personal data by ISPs and
search engines, even if they are not always personal data. "Unless the
Internet Service Provider is in a position to distinguish with absolute
certainty that the data correspond to users that cannot be identified, it
will have to treat all IP information as personal data, to be on the safe
side. These considerations will apply equally to search engine operators,"
said a report issued by the Article 29 Working Party in April.
Regarding the fact that IP addresses are not considered personal data by
some, in an interview given to EurActiv on the data protection rules, the
European Data Protection Supervisor Peter Hustinx explained : "As of today
there is some uncertainty, and this is why we will probably see a study from
the Commission to shed light on this. But the common view of the data
protection specialists is that in many situations IP addresses are personal
data. Therefore websites, Internet Service Providers and other parties
should ensure data protection compliance. This is an important thing to
emphasise." He also believes that The European Commission
should clarify the application of existing data protection rules in relation
to RFID in order to avoid "big social dangers".
German court says IP addresses in server logs are not personal data
Hustinx: Tracking people 'easier' with RFID (3.10.2008)
AG, Munich: IP addresses may be used by Web site operators are stored (only
in German, 7.10.2008)
8. British court: people are bound to reveal computer encryption key
Two persons were denied by the court the right to silence in relation to the
encryption key they were asked to reveal to the police.
The men had brought as argument to the court that handing over the encrypted
key for the data in their computers would mean forcing them to incriminate
themselves. Defendants have a right to silence and to refuse to divulge
information that could be used as evidence against them.
The Court of Appeal however considered that an encryption password is not
incriminating information in itself and that the key as well as the
information in the computers existed independently from the men just like
any key to a drawer and its content. Therefore, the men had no right to deny
the police the encryption keys.
The two men had been arrested the police for having been involved with a
person who was subject to a control order under anti-terrorism legislation
and their computers had been seized. The police had sent notices ordering
the men to disclose the passwords in the interest of national security and
the prevention or detection of crime. The authorities can ask disclosure of
such keys because, in terms of the law, the information on the computers is
already in the possession of the police and an order for password disclosure
can be made, if "no alternative, reasonable method of gaining access to it
or making it intelligible is available" as expressed by Mr Justice
Penry-Davey in the Court of Appeal.
According to the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA), the refusal
to reveal a decryption key can be punished with imprisonment up to 5 years.
The clause covering this measure has been included in RIPA act since 2007
but has not been activated until 1 October 2008 because, last year, the Home
Office considered that the encryption was not as popular as it had been
predicted. Part III of RIPA was activated after a period of consultation.
People receiving notice from the police are bound to reveal the encryption
keys or render the requested material intelligible by authorities.
The clause has been criticised by civil liberties activists and security
experts who consider that the measure affects privacy and can lead to
persons being forced to incriminate themselves. An argument against the
action is also that passwords can be forgotten and people may pretend to
have forgotten or really forget them.
According to the Home Office, the process will be overseen by the
Interception of Communications Commissioner, the Intelligence Services
Commissioner and the Chief Surveillance Commissioner and complaints about
demands for information will be made by the Investigatory Powers Tribunal.
The Home Office considers that the actions are consistent with the European
Convention on Human Rights and the UK Human Rights Act as long as the demand
for decryption is "both necessary and proportionate". "The measures in Part
III are intended to ensure that the ability of public authorities to protect
the public and the effectiveness of their other statutory powers are not
undermined by the use of technologies to protect electronic information,"
stated the Home Office.
But besides the concerns raised by civil liberties activists, there are also
voices that warn the measure may even lead to hiding more material from the
"I think putting the powers on the statute book will make it more, not less,
likely that police will encounter encrypted material because people will
become aware of dual key systems and see how easy they are to use,"
commented security expert Dr Richard Clayton.
Court of Appeal orders men to disclose encryption keys (16.10.2008)
England and Wales Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) Decisions (9.10.2008)
RIPA could be challenged on human rights (24.01.2008)
Law requiring disclosure of decryption keys in force (2.10.2007)
9. ENDitorial: Seizures and other abuses - from bad to worse
Two recent episodes (that are not "isolated cases") show, again, how
distortions in Italian laws and in their application can lead to all sorts
of abuses - as discussed before. The problem is that these abuses are not
only continuing, but getting worse.
One is explained in a recent article and is obviously (no matter how it's
disguised) a case of censorship.
The other case we are discussing here, if taken as a single episode, could
be seen as a comedy of errors. A website for the exchange of music was
"seized" - that is to say, access was blocked. It was soon moved to another
address, and later the "seizure" was revoked. So it didn't suffer any
serious damage and it may have gained some publicity as a result of the
protest in Italy and elsewhere caused by the attempt to choke it. The
instigators of the repression (as usual, the lobbies of music majors) were
(in this case and so far) defeated and ridiculed. But the procedures in this
grotesque affair reveal several alarming abuses.
Many problems, for many years, have been caused by an awkward peculiarity of
the Italian legislation, that treats copyright infringement as a criminal
offence. And it has always been an awful abuse to seize computers, servers
etcetera with a brutal procedure that is useless for investigation purposes
and dramatically harmful not only for suspects who are "innocent until
proven guilty", but also for people and organizations who are not involved
in the facts (or assumptions) being investigated.
In recent years this abuse has taken a new twist, that queerly extends the
"seizure" concept to the suppression of a website or if, as in this case,
the website isn't in Italy, to force Italian internet providers to block
access (or even, as in this example, to arbitrarily re-route the "traffic"
to another foreign website, dedicated to persecuting people who are trying
to access the blacklisted source).
It would be dangerous to underestimate the implications of these behaviors,
too easily supported by internet providers, who care about their selfish
interests above the rights of their customers. They go far beyond the
consequences of individual episodes, suggesting criteria and procedures that
can be extended to the repression of any unwelcome opinion or information,
as well as of enterprises competing with "favored" interests.
To make things even worse, in this case the attack was on a site that
doesn't offer file sharing, but information on where resources can be found.
This could lead to the absurdity of turning not only connection providers,
but also search engines, into censors, spies and "sheriffs" of the net for
inquiries and prohibitions originating in any country and extending beyond
its borders.
In a "package of rules" recently approved (September 24, 2008) by the
European Union Parliament "measures that would have allowed a control on
internet users were rejected." Specifically, "the MEPs rejected the idea
that ISPs should filter all downloads and punish the infringers of copyright
rules, being thus transformed into a sort of online police."
Of course it remains to be seen if and how "good intentions" will be
applied, but in the meantime Italian authorities, once again, appear to be
peculiarly prone in obeying the whims and wishes of the "owners of ideas"
and not as careful as they should in ensuring freedom of opinion and civil
An update on the Italian PirateBay case (8.10.2008)
The European Parliament voted the Telecoms Package (8.10.2008)
ENDitorial: A stupid law and a perverse "criminal" sentence (24.09.2008)
(contribution by Giancarlo Livraghi - EDRi-member ALCEI - Italy)
10. Recommended Reading
The Council of Europe launched, in close cooperation with European online
game designers and publishers and with Internet service providers, two sets
of guidelines which aim to encourage respect and promote privacy, security
and freedom of expression.
Human Right Guidelines for Online games providers
Human Right Guidelines for Internet service providers
11. Agenda
24 October 2008, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany 2008
25 October 2008, Vienna, Austria
Big Brother Awards Austria 2008
3-7 November 2008, Geneva, Switzerland
Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights : Seventeeth Session
13-14 November 2008, Chisinau, Moldova
IFLA/EBLIDA/eIFL Conference on copyright and libraries
Copyright: Enabling Access or Creating Roadblocks for Libraries?
Registration by 1 November 2008
25-26 November 2008, Brussels, Belgium
World e-Parliament Conference 2008
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
9-10 December 2008, Madrid, Spain
Future Internet Assembly
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology and Society, Tilburg University
27-30 December 2008 Berlin, Germany
25C3: Nothing to hide
The 25th Chaos Communication Congress
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2008-09-24 20:24:21
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRI-gram newsletter - Number 6.18, 24 September 2008 
EDRI-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 6.18, 24 September 2008
1. Google reduces search data retention time to 9 months, but not enough
2. International workshop in Budapest challenges data retention
3. Spain: Indexing torrent files is not copyright infringement
4. The EU commissioners ask for a friendly environment in online retailing
5. French file EDVIGE revised after huge civil society mobilization
6. House of the German Pirate Party spokesman raided by Police
7. European Competition Commissioner: We investigate Google-Yahoo deal
8. ENDitorial: A stupid law and a perverse "criminal" sentence
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Google reduces search data retention time to 9 months, but not enough
Following the demands of EU privacy protection authorities, Google announced
on 9 September it would reduce the search data retention time from 18 to 9
This is the second reduction Google applies in the past 2 years, having
already reduced the retention period from indefinite to 18 months in 2007.
However, the company still does not meet the Article 29 Working Party's
On 4 April 2008, the Article 29 Working Party published an opinion on search
engines, recommending a maximum retention period of 6 months and reaffirming
the applicability of the European data protection law. "Search engine
providers must delete or irreversibly anonymise personal data once they no
longer serve the specified and legitimate purpose they were collected for."
As a result, on 8 September 2008, Google answered announcing that the IP
addresses associated with requests on the search engine will be anonymised
after 9 months and that a link to Google's privacy policy appeared now on
its homepage.
The company did not provide any details regarding the way this anonymisation
will work which, taking into consideration previous statements, will just
consist in deleting the last 8 bits of a user's IP address. But if this does
not go together with the anonymisation of the cookie values, then the entire
process is useless, as Christopher Soghoian, a student fellow at Harvard
University's Berkman Center for Internet and Society explains: "Even though
the 9-month-old search logs have been 'anonymized', because the cookie
values remain, it is trivial to match the newer search results to the older
searches, and thus completely reverse the anonymization process."
Although the Article 29 Working Party has appreciated Google's willingness
to collaborate with data protection authorities, they consider there are
still strong disagreements. Alex Turk, chairman of the Article 29 Working
Party, says in a public press release on 16 September 2008 that despite the
progress done, Google has still a lot of work to do to guarantee the rights
of Internet users and the respect of their privacy.
Some of the issues that raise concern are that Google considers that the
European law on data protection is not applicable to itself and that IP
addresses are confidential data, but not personal data. The company has not
offered a clear justification for retaining personal data beyond the
recommended 6 months period and has not made any improvement to its
anonymisation mechanisms, which are still insufficient. Furthermore, it did
not show any intention to improve and clarify the methods used to gather the
consent of its users. The Article 29 Working Party established in 2007 that
the IP address is related to an "identifiable person", and should thus be
considered personal data. Therefore, Google should ask its users' prior
permission before storing the information.
Google argued there was a question of quality of service. "While we're glad
that this will bring some additional improvement in privacy, we're also
concerned about the potential loss of security, quality, and innovation that
may result from having less data. (...) As the period prior to anonymisation
gets shorter, privacy benefits are less significant and the utility lost
from the data grows" wrote Peter Fleisher, the company's global privacy
lawyer on the Google blog.
Another step to protect user privacy (9.08.2008)
Google cuts data retention after EU privacy warning (10.09.2008)
Google tries to please privacy watchdogs (10.09.2008)
Article 29 Working Party - Google: The Beginning of a Dialogue (16.09.2008)
Debunking Google's log anonymization propaganda (11.09.2008)
EDRi-gram: Google limits the search data retention period (28.03.2007)
2. International workshop in Budapest challenges data retention
70 international experts and e-activists met in Budapest on Friday 19
September to discuss EU-wide policies on data retention and to develop
strategies for defending and enhancing privacy. Hosted by the Center for
Media and Communication Studies (CMCS) at the Central European
University in Budapest, the workshop "Data retention on the Internet:
Challenges for small, alternative and citizen-based internet service
providers (ISPs)" brought together scholars, lawyers, policy experts,
digital rights advocates and a large number of grassroots/activist ISPs.
EDRI was represented through its board member Meryem Marzouki and Digital
Rights Ireland, Electronic Frontier Finland, Iuridicum Remedium, Netzwerk
Neue Medien and Greennet.
According to European Union (EU) Directive 2006/24/EC, all
telecommunication operators and ISPs in the EU have to retain the email
and telephone connection data of their customers and users for up to two
years. Data about every citizen's communication is stored without a
specific reason. According to workshop participant TJ McIntyre from
Digital Rights Ireland, this allows the creation of a "comprehensive
digital dossier about every individual."
Workshop participants exchanged information about the implementation of
the Directive in different EU member states and explored options of
challenging data retention on three different levels: legal complaints
and court cases, technological by-passes, and public campaigns. On the
legal side, the workshop brought together organizations that are
challenging data retention laws in five different countries and allowed
them to exchange experiences and increase future collaborations. In the
technical realm, different options of minimizing the risks of data
retention, or circumventing it altogether, were introduced. The workshop
also contributed to the preparation for an international day of action
against data retention - entitled "Freedom not Fear" - on 11
October. Many of the groups and organizations that were represented at
the workshop agreed to organize a protest action or a public event on
that day.
The workshop was the first to bring together members of non-commercial
ISPs from different countries with members of international campaigns
and NGOs to discuss together the new policy environment and this
sector's particular concerns. The EU directive forces these ISPs to
compromise on their most fundamental objective - protecting their users'
privacy from state and corporate data gathering. Grassroots ISPs
continued to meet on the weekend following the workshop and developed
strategies on how to maximise privacy protection despite data retention
The workshop was organized by Arne Hintz (CMCS), Oliver Leistert
(University of Paderborn), and Maxigas (Zold Pok/Green Spider), in
collaboration with the Association for Progressive Communications (APC)
and EDRI. It was supported financially by the Dutch Internet provider
XS4ALL, the Open Society Institute (OSI), and APC.
Center for Media and Communication Studies
Association for Progressive Communications
Zold Pok (Green Spider)
EU directive paints alternative ISPs black (3.08.2008)
EDRi-gram - Telecom data retention
(Contribution by Arne Hintz - Center for Media and Communication Studies)
3. Spain: Indexing torrent files is not copyright infringement
The case of Sharemula.com, the eDonkey website publishing links allowing
users to download movies, music and software has been recently dismissed by
the Provincial Court of Madrid which ruled that the website was operating
The case had been brought to court by the Federacisn Antipiraterma
(Anti-piracy Federation) in 2006 when 15 people were arrested in Spain in
relation with the operation of the site. The Spanish Brigade of
Technological Investigations had claimed that the site was illegal and asked
for its closure.
A year ago, a Madrid court dismissed the case deciding that the site and its
administrators had not infringed any law as the site included no illegal
content. It had only links to P2P downloads which had no commercial purposes
The entertainment industry, including Columbia, Disney Company Iberia,
Twentieth Century Fox, Warner, Universal, Paramount, Sony, MGM and others
were very displeased with the court's ruling and appealed the decision.
But the Provincial Court of Madrid rejected all allegations concluding
that indexing torrent files can not be viewed as copyright infringement. The
court found Sharemula as not responsible for where the links went and
considered that whether the site made profit or not was irrelevant. This
court's decision is final and cannot be appealed.
"The hearing confirms the position of the defense that linking to P2P
networks does not constitute a criminal offense," said David Bravo, a lawyer
in the case who emphasized the fact that the website only linked to files
that were hosted elsewhere, on computers of P2P users, and did not store any
copyrighted material itself.
This decision represents good news for P2P-site administrators and may be a
good basis for the upcoming cases against The Pirate Bay and Mininova in
Auto final AP Madrid caso Sharemula (only in Spanish, 19.09.2008)
Linking to P2P Downloads Confirmed Legal in Spain (19.09.2008)
Spanish Court Dismisses Piracy Case against Sharemula.com (24.10.2007)
EDRi-gram: Website with P2P download links found legal by Spanish court
4. The EU commissioners ask for a friendly environment in online retailing
A roundtable on online retailing with the interested private companies,
including online music providers, and consumers organisations took place at
the European Commission in Brussels on 17 September 2008 with competition
commissioner Neelie Kroes and internal market commissioner Charlie McCreevy.
Ms Kroes expressed her concern regarding the barriers in buying music
online: "Why is it possible to buy a CD from an online retailer and have it
shipped to anywhere in Europe, but it is not possible to buy the same music,
by the same artist, as an electronic download with similar ease? (...) Why
do pan-European services find it so difficult to get a pan-European license?
Why do new, innovative services find licensing to be such a hurdle?"
The commissioner believes there are many reasons for this situation,
including tax systems, consumer protection laws, guarantees and after-sales
service. One of the issues she wanted to discuss was related to the
competition rules for companies that enter into distribution agreements. She
expressed her intention to check out whether the provisions for Internet
sales were observed adding: "if I hear that these rules are not being
respected, then I will look into these allegations immediately. And if I
find any company to have breached the rules, I will ask the Commission to
act and punish the companies concerned."
She added that consideration had to be given on whether companies should
exclude Internet-only retailers from their distribution system. "I have
heard today from companies who think that that is the best way to protect a
brand image. I have also heard from companies that use internet only
retailers but impose strict conditions on them. And I have also heard from
consumers who believe that consumers should have the right to choose."
During the debate, the issue was considered as more complex as the rights
and the licensing agreements were more complicated. "The world is always
more complicated than we would like it to be. But that is no excuse for
inaction. Collecting societies and music labels have come a long way since
1851, the time of Bourget and his sugared water, but the world has changed
around them. Artists have changed, distribution has changed, and consumers
have changed. There is a perception, though, that the collecting societies
and the music labels have not" was Mrs. Kroes' comment. She considers the
collecting societies have a vital responsibility in looking after the
interests of artists. "That is only right because music is a vital part of
our society and our culture. It always has been and it always will be. But
where regional monopolies are not necessary - in the online world - then I
want to hear more about whether the current system really helps the artists
and whether it serves the consumer." She warned that the commission would
intervene if musicians, record labels and retailers were not able to
overcome their differences and produce a more consumer-friendly environment
for digital music distribution.
In his turn, McCreevy stated he had never thought " the internet was going
to be such a stumbling block. This magical creation - invented by people who
hadn't been born 50 years ago and developed by people, some of whom hadn't
been born 25 years ago - has no natural physical frontiers or boundaries
like traditional markets. But somehow it has been trapped and parcelled up
by a whole series of barriers."
In his opinion, it was worth considering "the idea that every single owner
of a copyright - from authors and composers to music publishers and record
labels - should license downloads individually through a collecting society
that has an exclusive mandate for each of the 27 national territories."
Along with Apple and EMI, the meeting was attended also by Alcatel-Lucent,
Ebay, Louis Vuitton, Fiat and UK consumer watchdog Which? as the problems
of online retailing are not limited to music.
A commission report on the subject will be drafted later this year with Mr
Jagger's and the others' participation and the EU executive will require
responses to that report from stakeholders by 15 October 2009. Later on,
the European Commission will present its legislative proposals on Internet
Mick Jagger in Brussels for online retailing chat (18.09.2008)
Competition commissioner Neelie Kroes's closing remarks at Online Commerce
Roundtable (17.09.2008)
European Commissioner for Internal Market and Services Charlie McCREEVY's
closing remarks at Online Commerce Roundtable (17.09.2008)
5. French file EDVIGE revised after huge civil society mobilization
Following a very strong opposing movement, the decree allowing the creation
of EDVIGE file has been abandoned by the French Government, but it will be
replaced by a modified project called now EDVIRSP.
On 1 July 2008, the French Government had announced a project creating a
huge database, EDVIGE (Exploitation documentaire et valorisation de
l'information ginirale - Documentary exploitation and valorisation of
general information) which would have systematically gathered information on
any person having applied for or exercised a political, union or economical
mandate or playing a significant institutional, economical, social or
religious part as well as information on any person considered by the police
as a "suspect" potentially capable of disrupting the public order.
The decree was very rapidly and strongly opposed by a large number of
associations, organizations, political parties, unions and individuals.
Almost 200 000 signatures and 1200 associations have supported a petition
against the decree and 12 organizations, among which four main labour
unions, main Lesbian and Gay associations, the French Human Rights League,
and French EDRi-member IRIS, have filed a complaint before the French
highest administrative court to have this decree cancelled. As a result, the
French Government has given up the decree and the prime minister's office
announced on 18 September a new decree having in view a modified file called
EDVIRSP (Exploitation documentaire et valorisation de l'information relative
` la sicuriti publique - Documentary exploitation and valorisation of
information related to public security).
Differently from EDVIGE, the new file will explicitly exclude information
related to people's health or sexual orientation, but will keep other
sensitive personal data such as ethnical origin, as well as political,
philosophical, religious opinions or union affiliation. In addition, it
will no longer allow police to collect data in the same file on people
belonging to political parties, unions or religious groups only because of
their activities. The criteria for data gathering will be related to
perceived security threats.
Although a first victory for the opponents of EDVIGE, the new decree is
still far from being satisfactory. The new text still allows the police to
store data on minors starting the age of 13 if they are considered a threat
to public safety. A "right to oblivion" was also introduced meaning the data
gathered on minors is to be deleted when coming of age 18, except for the
case when a new element occurs between 16 and 18, where the data is deleted
at 21.
The 12 organizations having filed the complaint against EDVIGE, together
with the large coalition of petition signatories, consider it is
unacceptable for the database to include minors, especially when they
haven't committed any offence, and ask for stronger guarantees that
citizens' rights and freedoms would be respected, starting from their right
to the presumption of innocence. They continue to call for the withdrawal of
the entire decree.
The new project has been sent to The French Data Protection Authority
(Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertis) which should give
its opinion in a month.
Opponents to the database have called for a day of demonstrations on 16
October, on the occasion of Sainte Edwige's day of the Roman Catholic
Files: from Edvige to EDVIRSP, a capital change (only in French, 21.09.2008)
Edvige:"insufficient rebound" (SM) (only in French, 20.09.2008)
EDVIGE file becomes EDVIRSP (only in French, 20.09.2008)
Edvige file : the opponents stay vigilant (only in French, 19.09.2008)
RAS - Petition in order to obtain the abandoning of EDVIGE file (only in
France drops plan for political database after row (18.09.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Massive mobilization against EDVIGE, the new French
database (16.07.2008)
6. House of the German Pirate Party spokesman raided by Police
The Bavarian Police searched the house of the German Pirate Party spokesman
on the 11 September 2008, searching for information on some leaked plans
regarding a Skype wire tap project, that were published by the Party.
The Pirate Party published some documents received from an anonymous
whistleblower that show the Bavarian government plans to develop a Trojan
horse able to eavesdrop on Skype conversations. Police wanted to find out
the source of that information and they searched the house of the spokesman
and took away a server, but this was fully encrypted, so there are little
chances to discover the source.
The search seems to be related to the two documents leaked on January 2008
that were present on the Internet and then posted on Wikileaks website. The
first document is a communication by the Bavarian Ministry of Justice to the
prosecutors' office, relating to cost distribution for the interception
licenses between the police and the prosecution. The second document
allegedly presents the offer made by Digitask, the German company developing
the technology, holding information on pricing and the license model,
high-level technology descriptions and other details.
The recent action by the police has little chances to find the
whistleblower, but confirm the authenticity of the documents. "A brave
person leaks documents to the Pirate Party, to inform the public about a
procedure of the Bavarian Government, which is highly likely to violate the
constitution. Now this persons is hunted like a criminal. Private rooms are
raided, servers get seized." stated Andreas Popp, the Chairman of the
Bavarian Pirate Party.
German cyberplods raid Pirate Party on Skype Trojan mole hunt (18.09.2008)
Pirate Party Official Raided after Uncovering State Trojan (17.09.2008)
Chairman of the Koln Pirate Party condemned house search (only in German,
Skype and SSL interception letters (24.01.2008)
7. European Competition Commissioner: We investigate Google-Yahoo deal
Google announced in June that it had struck a deal with Yahoo, so it would
sell ads on Yahoo website in return for a share of the profits. The EU
anti-competition authorities confirms that they are investigating the deal
between the two majors in the online advertising.
The major competitors claimed that this new deal gives a dominant position
for Google. This is why the agreement has also been investigated for some
months by the US Department of Justice that hired a well-known Washington
litigator to oversee the anti-trust proceedings.
Although the companies said that the deal would have effect only in Canada
and the United States, The World Association of Newspapers called for a
investigation from the EU authorities, claiming: "it would hurt Yahoo's
ability to compete against Google in the future."
Jonathan Todd, a spokesman for European Competition Commissioner Neelie
Kroes, confirmed the investigation :"In mid-July, we decided to open a
preliminary investigation on our own initiative into potential effects of
the Google-Yahoo agreement on competition in the European Economic Area
(EEA) market."
Google claimed that the deal would have no effect on the EEA market, since
"the agreement is limited in scope to Yahoo's U.S. and Canadian websites",
while Yahoo showed his cooperation with the EU authorities stating that the
company "has been and will continue to work with the relevant regulatory
agencies to provide officials with the necessary information about this
business agreement, which we believe will strengthen competition in search
and make advertisements more relevant for our users."
As it was the case with the Google - Doubleclick deal, it seems that both
the US and EU authorities will not investigate the privacy issues of the new
Google-Yahoo agreement, even though serious concerns have already been
EDRi-member Joris van Hoboken points out the Google blog entry related to
the Google-Yahoo deal that claims: "neither company has access to
personally identifiable user information from the other company", giving no
explanation on what the two companies understand by "personally identifiable
information". Since server logs are not considered by Google as personally
identifiable information, it could be possible that the present deal gives
Google access to Yahoo search data.
EU competition officials probing Google-Yahoo deal (15.09.2008)
European regulators investigate Google-Yahoo advertising deal (16.09.2008)
The Google-Yahoo Deal and the Privacy of End-Users (20.09.2008)
8. ENDitorial: A stupid law and a perverse "criminal" sentence
There is no censorship in Italy, but...
"Censorship" was abolished and outlawed in Italy sixtytwo years
ago. Freedom of the press and of personal opinion is not only established by
the Constitution, but also deeply rooted in custom and in all perceptions of
civil society. There are, however, some worrying facts. The concentration in
a few hands of a large part of the information system. A general,
"centralized" myopia of the "dominant culture", that is partly deliberate
manipulation and partly unintentional ignorance. A sly, apparently
"benevolent", culture of superficiality and vagueness that tends to lull,
confuse and subdue.
A disturbing maverick, in this context, is the internet. Originally
feared, later ambiguously applauded, anyhow misunderstood, the net remains
annoying for those who are in the habit of having control and are irritated,
if not scared, by a tool that they can't dominate or "tame".
It would be long to repeat here what I have written several times,
since I published Cassandra in 1996 and continued with eighty articles in
Italian (thirteen also in English) in the "freedom and censorship" section
of my website. But a recent episode deserves some comment.
In this ambiguous context there are laws and "norms" that are poorly
conceived and applied even worse. One, in particular, is the law on
"clandestine press" (1948) to which was added, fiftythree years later (2001)
a clumsy definition of "authorization" for "journalistic publications"
Before we get into this specific subject, let's look at two articles
of the Italian Constitution.
In Article 3 it is stated that +All citizens have equal social
status and are equal before the law.; But this isn't quite so. There are
laws (in addition to "social status") that make some citizens "more equal
than others". And there are several formally organized categories that have
improper and unreasonable privileges. In addition to all sorts of
limitations (or bureaucratic hindrance) of free enterprise, in business,
society and culture, that everyone agrees should be removed, but de facto
remain - and sometimes get worse.
In Article 21 it is stated that +Everyone has the right to freely
express thoughts in speech, writing, and by all other communication.; Also
that +The press may not be controlled by authorization or submitted to
censorship.; But this isn't quite so. There are "authorization" rules (as
well as other hindrances and privileges) that get in the way of freedom of
information and communication (generally defined as "freedom of the press"
ever since the concept was established in 1848 by the "Statuto Albertino" -
that in 1861 became the Constitution of what was, at the time, the Kingdom
of Italy.)
Within this framework, let's get to the specific case that has,
quite rightly, caused a wave of protest and indignation - and to the two
awkward laws that have made it possible. The facts are reported (not always
accurately) in several online documents. (see the end of the article)
A "criminal sentence" issued by a Court in Modica (Sicily) on 8 May 2008
condemned historian Carlo Ruta, defining his website "clandestine press"
because it wasn't formally "authorized" as a newspaper or a magazine. (The
site was no longer active. It had been "seized" by the
police, by order of the Modica Court, in 2004).
One of the absurdities in this Court decision is that the website
was defined as "testata giornalistica" because it had a "heading". By that
criterion, any publicly available correspondence written on "letterhead"
could be criminally condemned as "clandestine press".
I leave it to historians of law and politics to try to understand
why, when fascism had been defeated and censorship had been abolished, in
1948 a law was passed that restricts press freedom and is in contrast to
Article 21 of the Constitution.
But let me "try to guess" why in April 2001 the Italian government
proposed, and parliament "distractedly" approved, a poorly conceived (and
never properly amended) law that extends press regulation to online
All governments and all political parties and parliamentary groups
have always declared that they don't intend to limit or control in any way
the freedom of the press and, generally, of opinion. On the sincerity and
coherence of such statements we can have some doubts, but let's assume that
the purpose of the messy 2001 law was not censorship. The idea was to extend
to online newspapers and magazines the ambiguous "benefits" (subsidies) that
exists for print - as well as the "responsibility" controls (a system that
has already caused several distortions and manipulations in its
"traditional" definition).
This means that an online "newspaper" or "magazine" must be
"registered" as such - and the editor must be a member of an officially
regulated association called Ordine dei Giornalisti, a privileged "caste"
that many agree should be abolished, but in spite of its absurdity continues
to exist. The consequence is that, if the unclear text of the law is
interpreted extensively, approximately five million Italian websites could
be declared "illegal".
That law has been in existence for five years and there has been no
"extermination" of Italian online activity. But the fact remains that, by
this or other means, "errors" are possible. Several other flaws in law or
regulation have been used to "blacklist" or "seize" online activities that
were disliked by authorities or powerful private lobbies.
What makes the "Modica affair" unique is that, so far, it's the only
case of the 1948 "clandestine press" law and its 2001 extension being
applied to a website. Obviously protest and indignation must not relate only
to this individual case, but above all to its general implications.
The editor-owner of that website is not in jail. The "penalty" is a
250 euro fine, plus legal expenses. But obviously the problem is that, for
totally unacceptable reasons, he has a "criminal" record and his site has
It's rather nearsighted to be complaining about this episode after
having paid little attention to the fact that there is a nonsensical, and
never properly amended, law. And there are other situations of Italian, or
even foreign, websites being "removed" or made inaccessible, for a variety
of unreasonable motives, with a too easy "voluntary" cooperation of internet
providers who are more concerned with the protection of their business than
with the rights and privacy of their customers.
Why was there such a violent aggression on that particular website?
It's improper to "guess" making unproven assumptions. But the fact is that
the "cancelled" content was about collusion of politics with mafia -
probably irksome for some powerful interests. But let's assume, for the sake
of this argument, that it was only a "mistake" in the interpretation of an
unclear law. The fact remains that such "errors" are possible - and
unacceptable in a civilized country.
There are many "tricks" that make it possible to limit, though not
totally destroy, freedom of opinion and information.
There is, by the way, a not irrelevant "technical detail". It is
possible, by several different means, to make available online whatever has
been "prohibited". "Seizing" or "cancelling" has little, if any, effect on
criminals or other "wrongdoers". This sort of persecution is very painful
for honest people who want to freely express "uncomfortable" opinions,
irrelevant for the mischievous, ranging from the extreme of terrorism and
organized crime to all sorts of frauds and spamming.
In the (unproven) hypothesis of an absurd legal procedure being
influenced by someone who wants to remove uncomfortable information or
opinion, the irony is that it backfires, because the resulting "noise"
spreads more widely than the original source. But that, of course, doesn't
justify the perversity of the Court's decision or the clumsiness of the law.
It's hard to tell how much all this is caused by the ignorance of
"powerful" people who don't understand what the net is and how it works - or
by an insidious desire to repress freedom of opinion and control sources of
information. But the fact is that, no matter how disguised, repressive
intentions exist even in the most free and open societies - and watchdogs
need to be consistent over time, with constant observation of how things
evolve, not just short-lived "indignation" over an occasional episode, soon
to be forgotten while abuses continue. And we should never forget that
censorship isn't only evil, it is also stupid.
Cassandra (1996)
Bad legislation - again (05.2001)
Italy - blog condemned for clandestine press (only in Italian,16.06.2008)
"Clandestine press": an unacceptable decision (only in Italian, 9.09.2008)
Only a journalist can run a website in Italy? (21.05.2008)
(Contribution by Giancarlo Livraghi - EDRi-member ALCEI Italy)
9. Recommended Reading
The Shape of Things to Come by Tony Bunyan
Seven years from 11 September 2001 and from the launch of the "war on
terorism" this major new report The Shape of Things to Come (60 pages)
examines the proposals of the Future Group and their effect on civil
liberties. It shows how European governments and EU policy-makers are
pursuing unfettered powers to access and  gather masses of personal data on
the everyday life of everyone - on the grounds that we can all be safe and
secure from perceived "threats".
The Statewatch report calls for a "meaningful and wide-ranging debate"
before it is "too late" for privacy and civil liberties.
Press release
Eight page Conclusions
Copy of full report (pdf)
10. Agenda
24-28 September 2008, Athens, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society
30 September 2008, Vienna, Austria
Book launch and award presentation, quintessenz writing contest:
"At the end of the line" - a science fiction anthology pertaining
to civil rights, surveillance and data protection
11 October 2008, Worldwide
Action day "Freedom not fear"
Protests, demonstrations and activities against the surveillance mania
13-15 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
First PrivacyOS "Open Space" Conference
EDRi is a partner of the PrivacyOS project - a thematic network for privacy
protection infrastructure within the current European Commission4s ICT
Policy Support Programme.
15-17 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
30th International Data Protection and Privacy Conference
18 October 2008, Berne, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland 2008
20-21 October 2008, Strasbourg, France
European Dialogue on Internet Governance (EuroDIG)
20-21 October 2008, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Marking the public domain: relinquishment & certification
Third Communia Workshop
21 October 2008, Brussels, Belgium
Workshop"International Transfers of Personal Data"
Organized by the European Commission with the Article 29 Data Protection
Working Party and the United States Department of Commerce's International
Trade Administration.
24 October 2008, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany 2008
25 October 2008, Vienna, Austria
Big Brother Awards Austria 2008
3-6 December 2008, Hyderabad, India
Third Internet Governance Forum
9-10 December 2008, Madrid, Spain
Future Internet Assembly
10-11 December 2008: Tilburg, Netherlands
Tilting perspectives on regulating technologies, Tilburg Institute for Law
and Technology, and Society, Tilburg University
27-30 December 2008 Berlin, Germany
25C3: Nothing to hide
The 25th Chaos Communication Congress
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 28 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-04-08 22:04:36
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.7, 8 April 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.7, 8 April 2009
1. EP needs to protect users' rights in the Telecom Package!
2. French National Assembly votes for the three strikes law
3. European Parliament asks for respect of human rights on the Internet
4. Extended copyright term for sound recordings pushed back
5. Behavioural targeting at the European Consumer Summit
6. Second PrivacyOS Conference
7. Phorm - under scrutiny at the European level
8. ISPs asked to block child porn sites on the Internet
9. Big Brother Awards France 2009
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. EP needs to protect users' rights in the Telecom Package!
The new developments on the Telecom Package over the last two weeks,
with the approval of a new text in the IMCO (Internal Market Committee) of
the European Parliament (EP) and the initiation of the trialogue between EU
Council, the European Commission and the Parliament in order to reach an
agreement on the final text, shows the worst situation for Internet users.
Although much of the MEPs seem happy with the new text that allows
"simplifying life for telecom users", they seem to forget that other
articles are raising much bigger problems for Internet users, especially
related to the 3 strikes proposal or to privacy on the Internet. And facing
the June 2009 Euro-elections, MEPs need to support the users' rights also
for the second reading of the text, which will probably take place during
the first week of May.
Thus, the much praised Amendment 138 adopted by a large majority of the MEPs
in the first instance has been turned up-side-down by the COREPER (Committee
of Permanent Representatives), which transformed it from a substantive law
provision (an amendment to the directive) into a simple recital and
completly change it in a pro-copyright amendment. Thus the new text says "no
restriction may be imposed on the fundamental rights of end-users, without a
prior decision taken by legally competent authorities".
By changing the initial text: "judicial authorities", the new text opens the
backdoor for the recently adopted 3 strikes law in France and shows the
weaknesses of the European Parliament rapporteur, Catherine Trautmann, that
gave in to pressure from the UK and France.
And this is not the only case where the EP has given in. In relation with
the  scope of the data breach notification obligation for the providers of
telephony and Internet access services, this has been radically limited
comparing with the initial text adopted in the first reading by the EP. It
seems that the new text already negotiated in the trialogue discussions will
apply only for the the data breaches by electronic communication providers,
which is a major hold-back taking into consideration that most of the
"headlines" data breaches belonged to Government services, banks and online
services. The new text just forgets the excellent points made by Article 29
Working Group and the European Data Protection Supervisor, that pushed for a
larger constituency for this obligation.
Even though the European Parliament's Telecoms Package rapporteur, Catherine
Trautmann, and the European Commissioner of Information Society, Viviane
Reding had been publicly supportive of  the net neutrality principle, it
seems that the negotiations might accept an amendment that will not give
users "unrestricted rights" of access to the Internet.
The new situation prompted a response from several Internet communications
companies such as Google, Microsoft and Skype that, gathered as the Voice on
the Net Coalition Europe urged "the European decision-makers to adopt
principles to allow consumers to access the services, applications and
content of their choice on any public network, regardless of the provider
that offers them." This move comes also after the announcement of T-Mobile
in Germany or Telefonica in Spain to block Skype on iPhones.
There is also a glimpse of good news, after it has been decided by the IMCO
that "voluntary data retention" clause should to be deleted. It also seems
that this compromise amendment will survive the trialogue negotiations.
Telecoms package: strengthening users' rights and internet security
Distorted amendment 138 tries to present graduated response as legal
European Parliament compromises on Internet rights (31.03.2009)
Trautmann deal wraps up Internet limitations (1.04.2009)
Leading Providers of Voice Solutions over the Internet Protest Against
Blocking or Degrading of VoIP applications over mobile networks, after
T-Mobile announcement (3.04.2009)
Internet rights being written out as Spain blocks Skype (7.04.2009)
EDRi-gram:Data protection authorities support civil society on the Telecom
Package (25.02.2009)
2. French National Assembly votes for the three strikes law
An almost empty National Assembly voted on 2 April 2009 in favour of the
extremely controversial law introducing the graduate response system in
France, in spite of the fierce opposition from privacy campaigners,
individuals, associations and even some French deputies.
The poor attendance of the Assembly at the vote is considered by some as one
of the reasons for the success of the draft law so strongly pushed by the
French Minister of Culture, Christine Albanel.
The approved text has undergone some modifications during the discussion in
the assembly. One of the voted amendments is apparently amnestying all the
Internet users sued for downloading. Actually the text refers only to users
accused of counterfeiting in relation to related rights.
One of the few victories of the opposition in the National Assembly was the
amendment allowing an Internet subscriber whose connection has been cut by
Hadopi to stop paying for the respective subscription related to the
A so called Hallyday clause was voted, stipulating that illegal downloading
will not be subject to sanction when the author of the downloaded work
resides in a tax haven, such as is the case of French artist Johnny Hallyday
(hence the name of the clause) who lives now in Switzerland and pays a
minimum amount of taxes for the fortune he has earned in France from his
Differently from the initial text where the sanctioned Internet user had
only 7 days to make an appeal to the court, the modified version allows now
a period of 30 days for the formulation of an appeal, after the notification
Rapporteur Franck Riester introduced the proposal that Hadopi applies a
label to the legal downloading sites thus favouring the legal offers. The
amendment says that the search engines should thus emphasize the authorised
sites. Faced with opposition arguments and questions related to whether this
would force sites like Google to point out such sites, the rapporteur
answered that Google should not be affected and that the proposal was only
to create lists of legal sites.
The law gives entire freedom to Hadopi authority regarding the sanctions to
be taken against infringers. The authority may either cut the connection of
the user after three infringements or choose to ask the user to protect the
connection against downloading. The measure is to allow an institution, such
as a hospital, to keep its Internet connection. Therefore, a physical person
may have his connection cut but not an institution. Still, the decision will
belong to Hadopi authority which is free to choose the sanction according to
the user.
On 2 April, the Culture Minister has also confirmed that the Internet users
that want to be sure that they will not be considered liable under the
Hadopi law, should install filtering software on their computers. This
software, approved by Hadopi, will need to communicate with a remote server
showing that the software is active at the moment the alleged infringement
takes place.
Nicolas Maubert, attorney with Gide Loyrette Nouel, has argued that the
Hadopi law could be in breach of the protections provided by the French
Constitution and therefore might be challenged by the French judicial body.
"When a law seems so risky in its application, so unpredictable and random
from the technical point of view, it is not a good law and it takes
something from Courteline, a little from Kafka and a lot from Alfred
Jarry", stated opposition deputy Christian Paul.
Also, in view of the recent position of the European Parliament which has
voted for guaranteeing the Internet access to all citizens as a fundamental
human right, the French law may be is a critical position. However, during
the debates in the National Assembly, on 30 March, Christine Albanel, stated
that the European Parliament's votes against the graduate response had no
legal or political incidence.
And even if the point related to the cutting off of the Internet user is
solved, Hadopi authority will still have the power to apply fines and other
penalties and pass injunctions. French users who frequently download content
illegally might soon find themselves severely fined.
As last minute news, on 7 April, the Joint Mixed Commission (Commission Mixe
Paritaire - CMP), a commission including 7 deputies and 7 senators, supposed
to agree upon a compromise text on the draft law before the law is sent for
the final vote in the Parliament on 9 April, took its decision.
The graduated response mechanism proposed now is that Hadopy authority sends
two electronic warnings, followed by a registered letter to the alleged
illegal Internet downloaders. In case of non-compliance during a period of a
year, the infringers' access will be cut off for 2 months to one year or up
to three months in case the user commits to stop the infringement. CMP
rejected the amendment which proposed that Internet users sanctioned for
alleged illegal downloading should stop paying their subscription. So,
besides having their access cut off, they would also continue to pay for a
service they will not be able to use. Furthermore, the commission rejected
the amendment proposing an amnesty for Internet users prosecuted for illegal
downloading before the entering into force of the law.
The Commssion has also reduced the present period of 6 months to 4 months
from the issuing of a movie in cinema halls to the occurrence on DVDs.
In case the text is finally voted by the French Parliament on 9 April, the
socialists, who consider the law as "inefficient, useless, technically
inapplicable and which will not bring any euro to the creation", will appeal
to the Constitutional Council.
French pass 'three strikes' file-sharing law (3.04.2009)
How the Assembly modified the Hadopi (only in French, 3.04.2009)
The Criation et Internet law adopted in a quasi empty Assembly (only in
French, 2.04.2009)
Draft law favouring the distribution and protection of the creation on the
internet, modified by the National Assembly in first reading (only in
French, 2.04.2009)
Hadopi adopted (only in French, 3.04.2009)
Hadopi debates: catching up session for the week-end (only in French,
Hadopi: The Mixed Joint Commission (CMP) advanced for Tuesday (only in
French, 6.04.2009)
Hadopi law: the "double pain" re-established before the final vote (only in
French, 8.04.2009)
EDRI-gram: France: Three strikes law debated by the General Assembly
3. European Parliament asks for respect of human rights on the Internet
On 26 March 2009, the European Parliament voted with a large majority to
support Lambrinidis report concerning the protection of individual liberties
on the Internet, rejecting the amendments proposed by the French Government
and the copyright industry.
The position of the EP is that "guaranteeing Internet access to all citizens
is the same as guaranteeing all citizens access to education" and that "such
access must not be refused in punishment by governments or private
organizations". The MEPs ask the Member States to "recognise that the
Internet can be an extraordinary opportunity to enhance active citizenship
and that, in this respect, access to networks and contents is one of the key
elements; recommend that this issue be further developed on the basis of the
assumption that everyone has a right to participate in the information
society and that institutions and stakeholders at all levels have a general
responsibility to assist in this development, thus attacking the twin new
challenges of e-illiteracy and democratic exclusion in the electronic age."
The report adopted by the MEPs acknowledges the necessity of providing
safety measures for the protection of Internet users, especially children,
due to the risks users may be exposed on the Internet which can be used as a
tool for criminals or terrorists. The report proposes actions against
cybercriminals but at the same time, asks for a balance between security on
the Internet and the guarantee of the fundamental rights of Internet users'
privacy. The MEPs call to Member States to protect the "respect for private
life, data protection, freedom of speech and association, freedom of press,
political expression and participation, non-discrimination and
education.(...) Having in view the global character of the Internet, the
MEPs recommend that Member States and the European Commission should draw
regulations for data protection, security and freedom of speech in order to
protect the privacy of Internet users," says the EP recommendation.
The EP also urges Member States to take due account of the "importance of
anonymity, pseudonymity and control of information flows for privacy and the
fact that users should be provided with, and educated about, the means to
protect it efficiently, for instance through various available
Privacy-Enhancing Technologies (PETs)." The recommandation asks the Member
States to identify all entities which use Net Surveillance and to draw up
publicly accessible annual reports on Net Surveillance ensuring legality,
proportionality and transparency.
In the EP's opinion, attention must be paid to "network neutrality,
interoperability, the global accessibility of all Internet nodes, and the
use of open formats and standards". EP also raises the issue of the Internet
users' consent for giving personal information to governments or private
companies, drawing the attention on the imbalance of the negotiating power
between users and institutions. The MEPs' position is that users should be
able to have the right to permanently delete any of their personal details
saved on "internet websites or on any third party data storage medium."
By rejecting France's amendments to the report, the EP has rejected again
the graduate response scheme pushed so hard by France. The EP considers that
the IPR enforcement does not need to use "the systematic monitoring and
surveillance of all users activities on the Internet" and that the penalties
need to be proportionate to the infringements committed.
The European Parliament also publicly supports the "Internet Bill of Rights"
and the promotion of the "privacy by design" principle.
Recomamndation on Security and fundamental freedoms on the Internet
EP recommendation on Strengthening security and fundamental freedoms on the
Internet (26.03.2009)
Lambrinidis report: pro-copyright changes rejected (26.03.2009)
The European Parliament rejects "graduated response"... for the third time
Privacy and Fundamental Freedoms Put to Vote (27.03.2009)
EDRI-gram: EP wants a better balance between Internet security and privacy
rights (11.03.2009)
4. Extended copyright term for sound recordings pushed back
The proposal for the extension of the copyright terms for sound recordings
was rejected on 27 March 2009 by COREPER, which has the task to negotiate a
consensus before the EU Council of Ministers takes votes.
To the great disappointment of the recording industry, COREPER rejected the
extension of the copyright term as there was no consensus of the Member
States on the matter. A sufficient number of states opposed the legislative
proposal to constitute a "blocking minority".
So, the European Commission's intention to extend the term from the current
50 years to 95 years, although backed by the legal affairs committee in the
European Parliament is at least postponed. UK is one of the states having
changed its position in this matter, having reservations to the attempts of
industry lobbyists to oppose to a related retirement fund for future
musicians. The British government stated having voted against the proposal
because the "current text did not yet give sufficient benefit for
performers." UK would be in favour of a shorter extension of up to 70 years.
"It is clear that today's outcome will not kill off the proposals to extend
copyright term, but rather that member states need more time to consider
that details of the proposal and reach an agreement," said John Denham,
British MP, UK secretary of state for innovation.
The Featured Artists' Coalition (FAC) considers any extension of the
existing rights would only benefit record companies and that at the end of
the 50-year period, copyright should automatically transfer from record
labels to artists. "Record companies would simply gain another 45 years of
ownership, entrenching the terms of record contracts signed in an analogue
age," was FAC's statement.
The FAC has set up a different set of policies on copyright and intellectual
property than that of the music industry lobbying groups and has launched
a "Charter for fair play". The Charter states that artists should have the
"ultimate ownership of thei music" and that "rights holders should have a
fiduciary duty of care to ther originator of those rights and must always
explain how any agreement may affect how their work is exploited."
The coallition's opinion this will not be achieved by the extension of the
copyright term but by a change in the approach of the agreements between
artists and the music industry and in the up-dating of the legislation. "So
we will campaign for laws, regulations, business practices and policies that
protect artists' rights. We will stand up for all artists by engaging with
government, music and technology companies, and collection societies. We
will argue for fair play and will expose unfair practices," says the
The EU Czech presidency will continue working on the proposal in order to
prepare a second reading for a possible agreement in the future.
EU governments vote against copyright extension in Brussels (1.04.2009)
Europe split on music copyright extension (28.03.2009)
Every Vote Counts: the EU Copyright Term Extension Battle Heats Up
U.K. Biz 'Disappointed' At EU Term Extension Rejection (27.03.2009)
Pop star union demands new kind of copyright extension (2.04.2009)
FAC - A charter for fair play in the digital age
EDRi-gram: Extension of copyright term postponed in the European Parliament
5. Behavioural targeting at the European Consumer Summit
The European Commission Directorate - General for Health & Consumers
organized the European Consumer Summit on "Consumer Trust in the Digital
Market Place" held in Brussels on 1 and 2 April, 2009. The agenda featured
policy workshops on 'Consumer challenges and opportunities in the digital
world' and 'Consumer advocacy'. Within the first topic, the whole range of
consumer concerns in the digital market place considered to be major
obstacles to the full take-off of business to consumer e-commerce and
possible solutions to create consumer trust were discussed. Thematically,
the topic of consumer data collection, profiling and targeting was arching
out pointing the heavy reliance on personal information in the digital
environment; something which captured policy makers' attention in Europe
fairly recently.
In a preceding 'Roundtable on Online Data Collection, Targeting and
Profiling' hosted by the Directorate-General for Health & Consumers on 31
March experts and stakeholders' input had been generated in order to feed
back into the main event. In her key note speech Commissioner Meglena Kuvena
observed that "personal data is the new oil of the Internet and the currency
of the digital world" - a reality to be accepted in exchange for free
content online. However, well established consumer protection principles,
including the applicable data protection regulations, are not fully complied
with in the "World Wide Web (...) turning out to be the world 'wild west'."
In order to reassert the confidence of the users and consumers, Mrs. Kuneva
sees privacy policies as the key to implement fairness and transparency
standards as well as meaningful consumer control. Her message to the
participants of the roundtable showed determination to enforce existing
regulation on the Internet and to regulate where adequate response to
consumer concerns on the issue of data collection and profiling is missing.
The roundtable proceeded with contributions from industry, lobbies and
consumer organizations as well as academics discussing the data collection
practices and business models as well as risks and opportunities for
consumers. The business model to (co)finance content and free services with
online advertisement that incorporates to a varying degree targeted
information and personal data is certainly pervasive also beyond gratis
offers. It is important however to tell apart the numerous online
advertising practices and assess whether and to what extent personal
information of users is involved. Companies and industry associations favour
good practice principles and self-regulation, and, inevitably, see consumer
control implemented with the opt-out mechanism. According to this spectrum,
users are empowered individually to control the use of their personal
information and collectively through the lever of brand value that would
caution companies. Critical interventions raised the need for special
protection of sensitive segments such as children and sensitive personal
data, a state of fairness in privacy policies and consent generation, and
the problem of multi-layered and networked data collection, leaving the user
largely unaware of who controls which personal information. Consumer
education about online advertising and the meaning of privacy policies and
consent emerged as a consensus from the discussion.
Member of European Parliament Stavros Lambrinidis, rapporteur of the
recent report on strengthening security and fundamental freedoms on the
Internet, stressed the necessity to prescribe limits to the 'consent' that
can be obtained from users regarding the processing of their personal data
in the digital marketplace. As reflected in his report, the imbalance of
negotiating power and knowledge between individual users and data
processing industry and authorities bears the risk that "Big Brother" will
come stealthily and with our "consent".
In the progress of the European Consumer Summit behavioral advertisement and
its consumer policy implications were prominently raised and wrapped up,
asking for:
a. the evaluation of different online advertising practices,
b. ways to improve consumer control and information,
c. the role and robustness of standards and best practices, and
d. how the fairness concept can be best transposed from offline to online.
In order to keep a channel for discussion open, the Directorate-General for
Health & Consumers proposed to set up a privacy blog on its webpage and
invited comments. The way forward was not specified and is further
complicated by the fact that online consumer data protection is situated at
the intersection of the tasks of  theree Directorates - General: Health and
Consumers, Freedom Security and Justice, and Information Society and Media.
In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) examined online behavioral
advertisement to some length and published in February 2009 a Staff Report
on Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
Meglena Kuneva, European Consumer Commissioner, Keynote Speech (31.03.2009)
Report with a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the
Council on strengthening security and fundamental freedoms on the Internet
FTC Staff Report on Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral
Advertising (12.02.2009),
Center for Democracy & Technology, A Guide to Behavioral Advertising,
Center for Democracy & Technology, Threshold Analysis for Online Advertising
Practices (28.01.2009)
Internet Governance Forum (IGF), Workshop 83: The Future of Online Privacy:
"Online advertising and behavioral targeting" (5.12.2008),
(contribution by Kristina Irion - Central European University)
6. Second PrivacyOS Conference
Meetings between researchers from universities with representatives from
industry, data protection authorities, standardizers from W3C and ISO and
NGOs to discuss privacy challenges and develop privacy infrastructures
represent the idea behind the European Privacy Open Space. The second
PrivacyOS event was held in Berlin, 1-3 April at the same time as
As a PrivacyOS project partner, EDRI participated in conference with a
delegation of 4 persons representing its members: Andreas Krisch (Vibe!AT,
Austria), Leena Romppainen (Electronic Frontier Finland), Ralf Bendrath
(Netzwerk Neue Medien, Germany) and Filip Pospisil (Iuridicum Remedium,
Czech Republic). Other EDRI members, such as Metamorphosis (Macedonia) are
also partners in this project on their own. A huge number of presentations
were packed into the three day period, varying from eGovernment development
in Austria and Lithuania to UK database state and from Deep packet
inspection to eHealth. The presentations will be available from the
PrivacyOS web site in the near future.
On the Re:publica side, Stanford Law School professor, founder of
Creative Commons and author Lawrence Lessig gave a presentation about
copyright issues, illustrating his ideas and urging people to resist the
copyright extension being processed in the European Parliament.
Due to the events and presentations being on top of each other, it was
impossible to attend everything that was interesting, but PrivacyOS was
definitely worth going to for the wide variety of topics, forming contacts
and remixing ideas.
Re:publica (1-2.04.2009)
Reject the Term Extension Directive
Every Vote Counts: the EU Copyright Term Extension Battle Heats Up (03.2009)
Data Retention Austria - Second Attempt - Presentation by Andreas Krisch
(contribution by Leena Romppainen- EDRi-member EFFi)
7. Phorm - under scrutiny at the European level
On the event on 31 March 2009, the European Commissioner for consumers,
Meglena Kuneva, warned on the transparency in the online environment: "We
must establish the principles of transparency, clear language, opt-in or
opt-out options that are meaningful and easy to use. (...) I am talking
about the right to have a stable contract and the right to withdraw."
The concern of the Commission is related to Deep Packet Inspection (DPI)
technology experiments such as the profiling and ad-serving system Phorm
secret tests performed in UK by BT in 2006 and 2007.
In a report issued in March 2009, Free Press advocacy group considers the
use of DPI technologies is a threat to the open nature of the Internet.
"Improper use of DPI (deep packet inspection) can change the Internet as we
know it--turning an open and innovative platform into just another form of
pay-for-play media. (...) When a network provider chooses to install DPI
equipment, that provider knowingly arms itself with the capacity to monitor
and monetize the Internet in ways that threaten to destroy Net Neutrality
and the essential open nature of the Internet" says the report.
The report concludes that although DPI can help in solving network
congestion problems the "technology--the same electronics equipment, in
fact--also allows providers to monitor and monetize every use of the
Internet, and DPI vendors succeed by developing and marketing this
EDRi-member Open Rights Group (ORG) has recently sent a letter to the major
websites such as Microsoft, Google, YouTube, Facebook, AOL, Bebo, Yahoo,
Amazon and eBay, urging them to opt out the controversial Phorm technology.
A petition initiated by the group, signed by about 21 000 people, is asking
for the investigation of Phorm and its banning if the system breaches
privacy laws.
A spokeswoman for Phorm said most of the companies having received the ORG
letter were already using the targeted advertising offered by the system and
that many of them have proven "their commitment to user privacy as
signatories to the IAB UK's interest-based advertising good practice
While the UK peers consider that in relation to behavioural targeting, the
Information Commissioner's Office, responsible for enforcing EU privacy
regulations, had failed in its duty to consumers (as in 2008, ICO accepted
Phorm provided it got permission from users if the data collected was used
for "value added services."), the UK Government plans however to employ
similar technologies to track UK Internet users' behaviour. Viviane Reding,
the European Commission's telecoms commissioner who is currently
investigating Phorm believes an agreement with the UK government might be
possible on this matter.
In preparation of eventual regulatory measures, Kuneva's department is
initiating an informal investigation of online privacy and data collection.
In the meantime, Phorm continues its tests. On 30 March 2009, Phorm
officially announced a trial of its technology by Korea Telecom.
EU issues ultimatum on internet privacy (31.03.2009)
Major Websites Are Urged To Reject Phorm Profiling (24.03.2009)
Report Warns Against DPI Technology (20.03.2009)
EU Extends Deep Packet Inspection Technology Investigation (30.03.2009)
Deep Packet Inspection - The end of the Internet as we know it? (03.2009)
EDRI-gram: UK Government ignores the European Commission regarding Phorm
8. ISPs asked to block child porn sites on the Internet
In Germany, based on the initiative of the Federal Ministry of Family
Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth (BMFSFJ), the government has had
discussions for several months now on how to block child pornography sites
hosted on servers outside of the country. The German Government announced on
25 March 2009 a draft law that would cover rights and obligations of
telecommunication media content providers and would include the obligation
to block access to child pornography sites listed by a government agency.
According to BMFSFJ Minister Ursula von der Leyen who has been pushing for
some time for an agreement with big ISPs, "The rights of children carry more
weight than unhindered mass communication."
However, some members of the German Parliament and Justice Minister Brigitte
Zypries have shown reservations to a contractual solution considering a
regular law should cover the filtering regime as such measures could impact
on fundamental rights of citizens. Policies should be put in place in order
to deal with the liabilities in cases of errors.
The movement is criticised by the industry and non-governmental
organisations, which consider that blocking only makes access more difficult
but is not able to entirely prevent it. The EDRi-member FITUG (Fvrderverein
Informationstechnik und Gesellschaft) Germany has also warned on the fact
that, until now, blocking has been useless in fighting child pornography and
such measures might lead to blocking sites that have no relation to child
pornography as it has happened in other countries.
Blocking systems exist now in several European countries. The CIRCAMP
system, developed in Norway in 2004, which blocks entry to known child
pornography sites by a red stop sign graphic and a message, is used in nine
European countries among which the Netherlands, Denmark, Belgium,
Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.
In UK, 95% of the main UK ISPs have already adopted a similar service via
the Internet Watch Foundation (IWF). A system developed by BT, called
Cleanfeed, checks IP addresses against the child pornography blocklist
created by IWF and blocks users from accessing their content.
Malcolm Hutty, president of EuroISPA, representing ISPs from across Europe
at the EU, considers the EU plans to block sites will "increase risks to the
security, resilience and interoperability of the internet" and also stated:
"For technical reasons, blocking simply cannot provide the level of
protection that is necessary, and simple morality demands that we take
strong collective action to get child pornography removed from the Internet,
rather than simply hiding behind national firewalls," he added.
All the national plans seem to be in line with the new EU proposal to
legally bind all broadband ISPs in Europe to block "access by Internet users
to Internet pages containing or disseminating child pornography."
With the view to "combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography", the proposal for an EU framework decision
on prevention and settlement of conflicts of jurisdiction in criminal
procedures of 20 January 2009 asks that: "Each Member State shall take the
necessary measures to enable the competent judicial or police authorities to
order or similarly obtain the blocking of access by internet users to
internet pages containing or disseminating child pornography, subject to
adequate safeguards."
Germany Opts For ISP Filtering Of Child Pornography; NGOs Warn Of Unintended
Impact (30.03.2009)
Germany Cracks Down on Child Porn Sites But Critics Want More Action
German Minister Announces Plans for Mandatory Web Filtering (16.01.2009)
Germany to implement obligatory block on child porn sites (16.01.2009)
UK.gov to get power to force ISPs to block child porn (2.04.2009)
EU proposal for a Council Framework Decision on prevention and settlement of
conflicts of jurisdiction in criminal procedures (20.01.2009)
EU Proposal Could Force UK ISPs to Block Child Abuse Sites (2.04.2009)
9. Big Brother Awards France 2009
The French Big Brother Awards ceremony, or 'Orwell Party', was held this
year on Saturday 4 April. The 2009 edition awarded 12 of the 35 nominees, in
6 categories, one of them being the positive 'Voltaire Award'. Armand
Mattelart, a renowned professor of Information and Communication Studies,
chaired the 2009 jury composed by 10 other members, among them academics,
artists, and representatives from French NGOs, including EDRI-member IRIS.
Awarding almost one third of the nominees is a sign that the Jury task was
hard this year, with the increase of surveillance and social control in
The French ministry of Interior, Michhle Alliot-Marie, received the lifetime
menace award, for her 'immoderate taste for police files', which quantity
has increased by 70% in 3 years, as well as for her other 'qualities': her
'novlang' (video-surveillance is now called video-protection by French
officials), her 'incitements to denouncement', and her talent to construct
the 'internal enemy'.
The French ministry of Budget, Eric Woerth, received the State award. The
Jury wanted to particularly alert against the centralised database RNCPS to
be created, massively interconnecting data from the social sector in view of
fraud fighting, using the social security number as identifier. This, of
course, reminds the SAFARI project scandal that led to the adoption of the
French Data Protection Act in 1978.
The award for companies was given to the French mutual insurance system, a
not-for-profit organization, for 'its joint activism with private insurance
companies in order to access some medical data from the social security
Paris Mayor, Bertrand Delanok, earned the local authorities award for 'his
conversion to video-surveillance', after he agreed to contribute to the
government efforts in this field, increasing by 4 times the number of
cameras in Paris, reaching 1200 of them in public areas.
The Novlang award has two ex aequo recipients. The first one is Humabio, an
EC funded research project on multimodal biometrics, most notably relying on
behavioural biometrics to 'increase freedom of movement'. The second
recipient is the family benefits sector of the social security system, for
having trained its employee using a method, called IGGACE, which goes even
further than a simple lie detector, since it is supposed to detect 'lying
intent'. The method was originally developed for the police sector.
Not only the jury gave an additional award as a 'special mention', but it
also awarded two ex aequo recipients. Fridiric Lefebvre, French MEP and
spokesperson of Nicolas Sarkozy's party, certainly deserved his award for
his 'incompetence and insistence to control the Internet', including by
supporting the French 'three strikes law'. The other recipients is the
'anonymous zealot': having seen the number of individual civil servants who
denounced irregular migrants, sometimes in breach of the professional
secret, decided to highlight this phenomenon through a generic category.
Finally, the Voltaire award or positive prize was given to three ex aequo
recipients, actually three coalitions that have been particularly active and
gain some success: the coalition against the EDVIGE police file, the
coalition of elementary and primary school directors against the central
database of children (Base ilhves), and the coalition against the use of
biometrics in schools. In addition, another Voltaire prize was awarded, as a
'special mention', to Mireille and Monique, two volunteers who help
irregular migrants based in Calais with the hope to reach the UK. This
simple humanitarian help is a highly risky activity in France, a country
where such help is now criminalized.
2009 Big Brother Awards France (only in French, 05.04.2009)
(Contribution by Meryem Merzouki - EDRi-member IRIS France)
10. Recommended Reading
Annual report for 2008 on access to EU documents
The most popular area for requests in Justice and Home Affairs. Just over
73% of the documents listed on the Council register are accessible
full-text. But, of course, the remaining 27% include many documents
concerning measures under discussion. There has been an increase in the
number of documents classified as "Restricted", where disclosure would be
"disadvantageous" to the interests of the EU or its member states - in 2008
there were 505 "Restricted" documents some 40% of which concerned justice
and home affairs (around 200+).
"The Economics of Intellectual Property. Suggestions for Further Research in
Developing Countries and Countries with Economies in Transition"
The series of papers in this publication were commissioned from renowned
international economists from all regions. They review the existing
empirical literature on six selected themes relating to the economics of
intellectual property, identify the key research questions, point out
research gaps and explore possible avenues for future research.
11. Agenda
21-23 April 2009, Winchester, UK
BILETA 2009 Annual Conference
23-24 April 2009, Brussels, Belgium
The future of intellectual property - Creativity and innovation in the
digital era
23-24 April 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Second European Licensing and Legal Workshop organized by Free Software
Foundation Europe
22-23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
E-privacy: Towards total control
Call for papers deadline: 15 April 2009
23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Award Italia 2009
Nominations by 17 April 2009
11 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
GigaNet is organizing the 2nd international academic workshop on Global
Internet Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction.
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
19-20 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
European Commission organizes a personal data protection conference to look
at new challenges for privacy
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-04-22 21:54:01
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.8, 22 April 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.8, 22 April 2009
1. European Parliament ITRE committee votes against the 3 strikes
2. Three strikes law rejected by the French Parliament
3. The Pirate Bay founders considered guilty by the first Swedish court
4. German Government forces ISPs to put web filters
5. Finnish e-voting results annulled by the Supreme Administrative Court
6. Launch of the first European Civil Liberties Day
7. Infringement procedure against UK for lack of privacy protection
8. EDRi supports a petition for Non-Commercial Stakeholders Group
9. Dutch Government on data retention
10. Creative Commons licences launched in Czech Republic
11. Are anonymous electronic services to be prohibited by the EC?
12. ENDitorial: Why "Olivennes Bill" wouldn't work in Italy
13. Recommended Action
14. Recommended Reading
15. Agenda
16. About
1. European Parliament ITRE committee votes against the 3 strikes
The ITRE - Industry, Research and Energy Committee of the European
Parliament (EP) has voted in the evening of 21 April 2009 on the Trautmann
report and has reintroduced amendment 138. However some of the amendments
approved by the ITRE committee are still endangering the network neutrality
The ITRE Committee reinstated by 40 votes in favour with four votes against
the Parliament's first-reading amendment 138 that now has been renumbered as
amendment 46 that states that "no restriction may be imposed on the
fundamental rights and freedoms of endusers, without a prior ruling by the
judicial authorities, notably in  accordance with Article 11 of the Charter
of Fundamental Rights of the European Union on freedom of expression and
information, save when public security is threatened in which case the
ruling may be subsequent."
This vote means that there is a clear disagreement on this topic between the
EP and the Council and, after the plenary vote on 5 May, a third reading
might be necessary after the European elections. Also the negotiations
between MEPs and the Czech Presidency to reach an agreement on this issue
will continue.
The success of the European Parliament's Committe is putting pressure on the
French government that will find it more difficult to push its 3 strikes law
against a European directive ready to be adopted by the European Parliament.
According to Jirimie Zimmermann, co-founder of La Quadrature du Net: "The
European citizens will remember this courageous stand. Members of the
European parliament honoured their mandates by standing courageously for
citizens' rights and freedoms. This is one more blow to Nicolas Sarkozy's
'three strikes' or 'HADOPI' law in France, and a strong sign that nobody in
Europe will want to pass such a stupid legislation going against progress,
citizens' rights and common sense."
MEP Guy Bono also rejected the French Government position: "If the French
Government wants a deal on the Telecom Package, it has to give up, in the
name of the general European interest, to the liberticide provisions of the
draft Hadopi Law".
But the ITRE committee also voted some amendments that endanger the
network neutrality without any relevant debate. As Monica Horten from
Iptegrity.com explains: "the UK government's amendments which seek to permit
broadband providers to place restrictions on their networks, and offer
preferential services without any oversight by the regulator, have found
their way into Mrs Trautmann's final draft."
These amendments contain the text: "any conditions limiting access to and/or
use of services and applications where such conditions are allowed by Member
states in conformity with Community law"
Ms. Horten highlights: "Article 9.1 Access directive and Annexe 1 point 19
Authorisation directive are about limiting users access to the Internet.
Article 8.2 and 8.4 support these provisions, by weaking users rights -
indeed, it is no longer a right, rather users may simply be offered the
ability to choose, which could be interpreted that they have the ability to
choose between different packages of limitations."
The deadlock on amendment 138 could mean that a third reading might be
required and that would provide more comments and debates on those
amendments that endanger the network neutrality. But this depends also on
the plenary amendments that need to be presented by 29 April and on the vote
of the plenary which could take place on 5 May.
If you want to support the network neutrality please contact your MEPs
before the plenary vote and support the Open Letter that EDRi has signed in
order to keep the principle of no discrimination between Internet traffic
data, based on content, services or applications.
Open letter to the European Parliament - Telecom Package (17.02.2009)
Trautmann Report
Telecom markets: still no overall agreement with Council presidency
Amendment 138 saved - but not the Internet (21.04.2009)
Victory for EU Citizens! Amendment 138 was voted again. (21.04.2009)
Bono amendment finally reintroduced in the Telecom Package! (only in French,
Trautmann: "I assure you I am not ready to give up" (only in French,
2. Three strikes law rejected by the French deputies
On 9 April 2009, the French Parliament voted against the so called Hadopi
law introducing the graduate response, against the recommendation of the
Joint Mixed Commission (CMP - Commission Mixte Paritaire). The law had been
voted by the National Assembly on 2 April, supported by CMP on 7 April and
further on voted by the Senate.
In an unexpected move, the deputies, however, decided to reject the draft
law considering the text to be too hard especially by the introduction by
CMP of what the opponents called the "double pain". The text was stipulating
that the Internet users allegdly found to illegally download copyrighted
material, after receiving two warnings, would continue to pay the access
subscription while having their access cut off, for a period from two months
to one year.
"This is an extraordinary victory for the citizens. This vote proves it is
still possible to be heard. It is a fantastic example of the use of Net to
counter those who attempt to control it," said Jirimie Zimmermann, and spokesman of La Quadrature du Net.
The French Government intends to reintroduce the text to the General
Assembly and the Senate. Only, it will have to change the text as it was
before being introduced to the CMP.
The Government would certainly wish to preserve the double pain measure in
order to avoid having to pay compensations to the ISPs in case of access
In the mean time, Nicolas Sarkozy, the initiator of the three strikes
measure, makes pressure to block the Bono amendment from of the Telecom
Package in the European Parliament. However, the ITRE committee in the EP
has reintroduced the amendement, thus leaving the plenary with the final
The Hadopi law will be reexamined by the French National Assembly only on 29
April probably after a final decision on Bono amendment is taken, hence
Sarkosy's high pressure on blocking it. The new text of the draft law is
available on the National Assembly website.
The Parliament rejects the draft law on illegal downloading (only in French,
Hadopi rejected in the Assembly! (only in French, 9.04.2009)
Downloading: the draft law rejected (only in French, 9.04.2009)
New Draft Hadopi Law (only in French, 20.04.2009)
EDRI-gram: French National Assembly votes for the three strikes law
3. The Pirate Bay founders considered guilty by the first Swedish court
The verdict of the Swedish court in The Pirate Bay (TBP) trial was given on
17 April 2009 with the four defendants, Fredrik Neij, Gottfrid Svartholm
Warg, Peter Sunde and Carl Lundstrvm, found guilty and sentenced each to one
year in prison and to pay together about 2.7 million euro in damages. The
defendents already announced that they would appeal the court decision.
The Court stated to the media: "By providing a website with ...
well-developed search functions, easy uploading and storage possibilities,
and with a tracker linked to the website, the accused have incited the
crimes that the filesharers have committed." The court also said that the
four defendants had been aware of the fact that copyrighted material was
shared with the help of their site. The prison sentence was justified by
"extensive accessibility of others' (copy)rights and the fact that the
operation was conducted commercially and in an organized fashion."
Therefore, the court has drawn the conclusion that not only the defendants
had been aware of illegal downloading through their site but that they had
taken financial advantage of it.
The judgement "is just a footnote in a long process of destruction where
there won't be any winners," commented Swedish newspaper Vestmanlands Ldns
Privacy advocates consider the court's decision as a wrong and dangerous
movement. Christian Engstrvm, a candidate for the European Parliament from
the Pirate Party said: "The Pirate Bay is a unique platform for
distributing culture between regular people and independent artists, and
that's something we want to preserve."
Mark Mulligan, a music industry blogger and analyst, believes that the
ruling will not stop illegal file sharing, pointing out that the technology
is moving on and people are more and more sharing files through emails,
Instant Messenger, blogs, newsgroups or iPods.
Some believe the verdict may have implications for Google and its YouTube
subsidiary. Newspaper Sundsvalls Tidning expects that after the David and
Goliath (TPB and the recording industry) battle, a legal action between
Goliath and Goliath (the industry and Google) would occur. The entertainment
industry representatives however say that Google or eBay will not be
affected as the former only returns some links to infringing content and
the latter only hosts some auctions for pirated goods but that does not make
their operations illegal.
On 18 April, The Pirate Party organized protests that were attended by
hundreds of people in Stockholm, Goteborg, Karlstad and Lund against the
decision of the court. "The establishment and the politicians have declared
war against our whole generation," said Rickard Falkvinge, Pirate Party
chairman and founder at the rally in Stockholm.
Mikko Valimaki from EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland (EFFi),
commented for EDRi-gram the court decision, taking into consideration the
legal similarities between Finland and Sweden and the EFFi and the local
bittorrent-case Finreactor: "The Pirate Bay was not surprising to anyone
familiar with our laws. The  verdict goes according to the Swedish criminal
law. There is not much to argue about. The only open legal issue was
basically whether the acts of administrators were criminal "aiding" or
"preparation" to user infringements. The district court bought the aiding
theory and thus dismissed the preparation (which would have resulted
probably in less damages and shorter sentences). The higher courts may
Valimaki also explained the differences in judging these cases in different
parts of Europe:
"What is interesting here is that while we don't have indirect secondary
liability doctrines in copyright law in Europe - US has for example
contributory infringement and active inducement doctrines - our criminal
laws can in practise create secondary liability against acts like the
administration of a file sharing network. The problem is that European
criminal law doctrines are not in harmony like the copyright laws are.
Thus, a file sharing operator may be liable according to Finnish or
Swedish criminal law but not according to say Spanish criminal law (in
Spain, some file sharing operators have escaped from liability)."
The ruling has not affected the PirateBay site which is still in operation
and the defendants expressed their clear intention of appealing the decision
which means that it might take a few years before a final decision in the
matter is taken.
Swedish press: file sharing still ahead of the law (18.04.2009)
Pirate Bay guilty (17.04.2009)
Entertainment industry hails Pirate Bay guilty verdict (17.04.2009)
Pirate Bay operator faces new probe (20.04.2009)
Pirate Bay: A treasure chest of post-verdict news (20.94.2009)
The Pirate Bay loads cannon with official appeal (20.04.2009)
Swedes demonstrate in support of Pirate Bay (19.04.2009)
EDRI-gram: Swedish Pirate Bay trial waiting now for the decision
4. German Government forces ISPs to put web filters
The German Government, through Germany's family minister Ursula von der
Leyen as well as the head of the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA), Jvrg
Ziercke, signed on 17 April 2009 "voluntary" contracts with 5 large ISPs
(Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone/Arcor, Hanse Net, Kabel Deutschland and
Telefonica O2 that have 75 per cent of the German Internet access market)
for child pornograph filtering via DNS.
At the same time, a draft bill on the same topic has been initiated by the
Minister for Economics, Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg, who is in charge of the
telemedia law that makes things even worst than anticipated. The bill was
approved today, 22 April 2009, by the German Government. The text shows that
the ISPs will be "allowed" to log who tried to access a site on the
blacklist and that the police can request this information. Moreover, the
blacklist can also contain sites that only link to child porn, but do not
host any content themselves.
The German Federal Criminal Police Office  will be in charge of creating
those lists and the new law obliges all providers with more than 10 000
customers (approx. 97% of all ISPs) to block porn sites on the lists. Their
content will not be made public, thus leaving no possibility to check their
correctness. Those who will try to access the pages from the blacklist will
just see a stop sign.
The Ministry of Family Affairs is estimating that the list will be "at
least thousand" Web pages. The Minister has confirmed some time ago
that the censorship could be extended to exclude other content from the
Internet, stating: "child pornography is a problem issue and clearly
identifiable," but "you can not exclude what the federal government may
want to exclude in the future."
However, the measure is illusory as explained by the 500 protesters that
gathered in Berlin on Friday, 17 April 2009, to protest against this measure
which is considered just a first step to political censorship on the web.
EDRi-member Ralf Bendrath explains on netzpolitik.org the main problems of
the measure: "The web filters are not just a tool to remove illegal content
from the net. Web filters are a tool of censorship. If you want illegal
content removed from the Internet write an email to the hosting company and
with hours it will be removed. If you just put it on an Internet censorship
list, you will precisely NOT remove it. Moreover, the government ignores the
facts. According to scientific studies, there is no mass market for child
porn on websites, and most of the material is exchanged through private
networks, filesharing sites or offline. We therefore see these activities as
only symbolic and part of the beginning federal election campaign, while at
the same time they are establishing a dangerous general censorship
The DNS filtering does not work, as explained by EDRi-member Chaos Computer
Club. "It will be very easy to evade this filter," said a club spokesman,
Matthias Mehldau. Any user that wants to bypass the Stop sign, would just
need to change its DNS servers to one of the OpenDNS servers freely
available on several websites.
Thus, the protesters explained that in fact the money and energy spent on
creating blacklists would be much better used in getting the people who are
offering child porn via their servers. Also it seems that the major
providers are "blackmailed" by the government to sign the "voluntary"
contract, so they shouldn't be associated in connection with child
Five German online companies agree to obstruct child porn (19.04.2009)
German Cabinet approves new law to ban child pornography Internet sites
Opinion on Germany's possible internet censorship (17.04.2009)
Hundreds protested in the early morning against Internet censorship (only in
German, 17.04.2009)
BKA filters the Web (only in German, 17.04.2009)
The arguments for child porn-blocking run into the void (only in German ,
Providers may log user requests (only in German, 20.04.2009)
Draft law on child pornography on the Internet (only in German, 22.04.2009)
Thoughts on the media perception & Bill on Wednesday (only in German,
Alternative DNS
5. Finnish e-voting results annulled by the Supreme Administrative Court
The Finnish Supreme Administrative Court has ruled on the municipal
elections of 2008, in which an e-voting system was piloted.
In its decision, the court sided with the complainants, overturning an
earlier decision of Helsinki Administrative Court and the decisions of the
municipal central elections committees to confirm the election results. As a
result, the three municipalities that took part in the Finnish e-voting
pilot must now hold new elections as soon as possible. As the e-voting pilot
has ended and the law authorizing e-voting expired in December 2008, the new
elections will use a traditional paper ballot system.
The Supreme Administrative Court decision was based on two issues: first,
the voting instructions that the voters had received by mail were incorrect,
and second, the user interface of the e-voting terminals was deemed to be
flawed. The voting process utilized a smart card given to each voter, and
upon premature removal of the card, the voting terminals gave no indication
that the vote was not cast. As the system did not use a voter-verified paper
ballot, voters might have been left with an impression that the vote had in
fact been cast.
It is notable that the Court did not address the general lawfulness of
e-voting. According to the Finnish law authorizing e-voting, electronic
ballot boxes would need to be archived until the next election. These
electronic ballot boxes contain encrypted information on who voted and how.
This poses a risk to voter secrecy. However, the Court declined to rule on
whether this is unlawful, or whether the electronic ballot box would need to
be destroyed.
In addition, the Court did not address the question of whether an e-voting
system would need to be more transparent. A significant amount of system
design in the Finnish e-voting pilot was declared 'trade secret', and the
system source code is closed. The Court decision still leaves an open
question whether paperless, 'black box' e-voting systems could be fielded in
the future.
Electronic Frontier Finland (Effi) press release on the Court decision (only
in Finnish, 9.04.2009)
E-voting appeal won: we have new elections! (9.04.2009)
Effi's e-voting 'shadow report' in English (1.09.2008)
Finnish e-voting system must not stay a trade secret (11.02.2008)
Council of Europe report on the Finnish e-voting pilot (1.12.2008)
Supreme Administrative Court decision (only in Finnish, 9.04.2009)
EDRi-gram: An error margin of 2% in municipal elections ruled acceptable in
Finland (11.02.2009)
(contribution by EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland)
6. Launch of the first European Civil Liberties Day
Earlier this month, over a hundred politicians, journalists and campaigners
attended the launch of the first European Civil Liberties Day - 15 April at
the European Parliament. Organised by the Liberals and Democrats group
(ALDE), the event featured speeches from MEPs and NGOs on human rights and
the protection of minority groups such as Roma and lesbian, gay and
transgender Europeans.
Event organiser Alexander Alvaro MEP and ALDE leader Graham Watson MEP both
spoke of government attempts to "encroach on the liberty, privacy and choice
that all free citizens should enjoy." Katarina Kresal, the Slovenian
Minister of Interior, described her conviction that freedom must be a
central concern of governments. Responses came from campaigners of th
International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH), the European Newspaper
Publishers4 Associations, the European Roma Policy Coalition, ILGA Europe
and EDRI, whose speech you can read below.
There is much more information available from the ALDE website on the day
and the group's plans to campaign for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
With the European elections only 6 weeks away, this is a critical moment for
voters who want to see human rights strongly supported in the next European
EDRI speech, given by Ian Brown (EDRI-members FIPR and Open Rights Group):
It's great to see today's launch of European Civil Liberties day. Coming
from the UK, which Privacy International now rates as the worst surveillance
state in the EU, I need all the optimism I can get. We have millions of CCTV
cameras; an illegal DNA database of over 5m profiles including nearly
100,000 under-13s; and out-of-control Internet surveillance with 519,000
government accesses in 2007 to people's communications records.
The UK and its allies have been pushing this surveillance agenda at the
European level, most noticeably with the Data Retention Directive but more
subtly with the exchange of travel records with the US and a "principle of
availability" that allows law enforcement databases to be shared across the
Some of the member states are looking forward to much, much more electronic
surveillance of their citizens. The Portuguese presidency in 2007 envisaged
a "digital tsunami", where "Every object the individual uses, every
transaction they make and almost everywhere they go will create a detailed
digital record. This will generate a wealth of information for public
security organisations". The former UK intelligence coordinator Sir David
Omand recently added: "The realm of intelligence operations is of course a
zone to which the ethical rules that we might hope to govern private conduct
as individuals in society cannot fully apply."
This surveillance on steroids is being pushed by governments with little
evidence it will prevent terrorism or reduce serious crime. Detailed
criminological studies have found that CCTV cameras reduce crime levels by
only around 2%, except in very specific circumstances such as indoor car
parks. The US National Research Council recently concluded that "there is
not a consensus within the relevant scientific community nor on the
committee regarding whether any behavioral surveillance or physiological
monitoring techniques are ready for use at all in the counterterrorist
context given the present state of the science."
Liberals and democrats should campaign for a different kind of information
society, where the human rights of citizens remain centre-stage, as they
have been in Europe for the last sixty years and as they are proudly
proclaimed in the EU's new Charter of Fundamental Rights. Members of
Parliament must continue to stand up for citizens' rights in the face of
anti-democratic attempts by some Council members to turn the EU into a
surveillance society. Today's launch is a very positive step in that effort.
Liberalism, democracy and privacy in Europe (16.04.2009)
ALDE Civil Liberties
(contribution by Ian Brown - EDRI-members FIPR and Open Rights Group - UK)
7. Infringement procedure against UK for lack of privacy protection
On 14 April 2009, Viviane Reding, the European Union's Commissioner for
Information Society and Media, reasserted the intention of the European
Commission to take action if EU Member States failed to ensure the right of
the citizens to control how their personal information is used by new
technologies such as behavioural advertising (e.g. Phorm, Radio Frequency
Identification (RFID) chips or online social networking).
Viviane Reding warned that RFID chips integrated in products to send radio
signals, should be used "by the consumer and not on the consumer. No
European should carry a chip in one of their possessions without being
informed precisely what they are used for, with the choice to remove or
switch it off at any time."
The Commissioner also asked the social networking companies which she
considered businesses based on the use of information considered private, to
reinforce privacy protection online: "Privacy must in my view be a high
priority for social networking providers and their users. I firmly believe
that at least the profiles of minors must be private by default and
unavailable to internet search engines. The European Commission has already
called on social networking sites to deal with minors' profiles carefully,
by means of self-regulation. I am ready to follow this up with new rules if
I have to."
The EU Commission has also decided to start infringement proceedings against
the UK as a result of the complaints about the Phorm interception and
profiling technology. The Commission's action does not only refer to the
Phorm case but addresses several problems with UK's implementation of EU
ePrivacy and personal data protection rules, that have occurred during the
Commission's inquiry on Phorm secret trials made in UK by BT. After having
sent several letters to the UK authorities since July 2008 asking for
clarifications on the Phorm case, the Commission considered the answers of
the UK Government as unsatisfactory.
"We have been following the Phorm case for some time and have concluded that
there are problems in the way the UK has implemented parts of EU rules on
the confidentiality of communications. I call on the UK authorities to
change their national laws and ensure that national authorities are duly
empowered and have proper sanctions at their disposal to enforce EU
legislation on the confidentiality of communications. This should allow the
UK to respond more vigorously to new challenges to ePrivacy and personal
data protection such as those that have arisen in the Phorm case. It should
also help reassure UK consumers about their privacy and data protection
while surfing the internet," stated Reding.
According to the UK law, it is an offence to unlawfully intercept
communications but the scope of the offence is limited to "intentional"
interception and the interception is considered lawful when the interceptor
has "reasonable grounds for believing" that consent to interception has been
The Commission is also concerned by the fact that the UK does not have an
independent national supervisory authority dealing with such interceptions.
It asked that the UK change its legislation to protect communications from
surveillance or interception more in line with European Union directives on
the issues.
"Technologies like internet behavioural advertising can be useful for
businesses and consumers but they must be used in a way that complies with
EU rules. These rules are there to protect the privacy of citizens and must
be rigorously enforced by all Member States," said the Commissioner.
The UK has been given two months to react to this stage of the infringement
proceeding, and in case there is no reply or the answer is not satisfactory,
the Commission may consider issuing a reasoned opinion (the second stage in
an infringement proceeding). If, further on, the UK still fails to fulfil
its obligations under the EU law, the Commission will then refer the case to
the European Court of Justice.
Citizens' privacy must become priority in digital age, says EU Commissioner
Reding (14.04.2009)
EU Commissioner threatens action on social networking, RFID privacy
EU targets online behavioural adverts (15.04.2009)
UK's privacy laws illegally inadequate, says Europe (14.04.2009)
Commission launches case against UK over privacy and personal data
protection (14.04.2009)
Phorm, Commission v. UK - Implications for Ireland? (15.04.2009)
EDRIgram: Phorm - under scrutiny at the European level (8.04.2009)
8. EDRi supports a petition for Non-Commercial Stakeholders Group
On 15 April 2009 EDRi signed, together with other 50 organisations
representing the civil society from around the world, the Global Civil
Society Statement in support of Petition for a Non-Commercial Stakeholders
Group (NCSG) at ICANN.
The petition sent by the Non-Commercial User Constituency (NCUC)  will
create an organizational structure that can accommodate the full breadth and
diversity of non-commercial interests concerned with domain name policy.
The NCSG petition encourages inclusiveness and cooperation among different
viewpoints, facilitates minority representation, fosters the generation of
new policy proposals, and establishes councilors and officers that are
representative of and serve the needs of the entire Stakeholder Group
membership. The NCSG petition also maintains a light-weight and adaptable
framework as is required for effective policy development at ICANN.
The statement forsees support for the proposed NCUC NCSG Charter and asks
the ICANN Board of Directors to encourage wider non-commercial civil society
participation in ICANN.
Global Civil Society Statement in Support of Petition for a Non-Commercial
Stakeholders Group at ICANN (15.04.2009)
NCUC petition for a Non-Commercial Stakeholder Group (NCSG)
The Executive Summary of the NCUC petition
9. Dutch Government on data retention
The answers of the Dutch Government to the additional set of questions sent
by the Dutch Senate about the implementation of the Data Retention Directive
reveal some interesting opinions. At the end of 2008 the Dutch Senate held a
hearing with technical experts and a plenary debate about the implementation
proposal later is expected this Spring.
The Dutch Government sees the current proposal for data retention as being
of a limited nature. It already points to a possible extension of data
retention at the European level, in particular a drastic extension of data
retention obligations with regard to online communications, as well as its
Also the Government downplays the interference with fundamental rights:
"The risk of the interference with the private life of data subjects
consists primarily of the image that these data provide of communicative
behavior. On that point, there is little difference with the specified bills
that telecom providers offer as an extra service. In addition, there is a
risk of linking the data to criminal activity of persons. However, a similar
risk is also present in the context of requests for license plate
information by the police. The Criminal Procedural Code stipulates strict
conditions for the access to data by law enforcement officials. The above
does not alter the fact that subjects have a right that the data about their
communications are being processed with exceptional care."
No responsibility is taken by the Dutch government to legitimate the
interference with fundamental rights but points towards the European
legislature: "With regard to the necessity of the interference in a
democratic society, there is a margin of appreciation for the member states.
The data retention obligation, however, follows from a European directive
and the (Dutch) data retention term falls within the limitations of the
At the same time, the government endorses the judgement of the ECJ and gives
the primary argument why the Court should have struck it down. The
government states explicitly why differences between data retention
obligations between the member states cannot harm the competitiveness within
the internal market. There is still a level playing field. The negative
effects on the internal market were the reason why the directive was legally
adopted (in the ECJ's eyes).
Another interpretation of the data retention directive is given in a recent
answer from the European Commission to a question asked by MEP Alexander
Alvaro which shows that the data retention directive does not cover services
provided free of charge. The answer points to the wording of Article 50 of
the Treaty establishing the European Community that "does not require that
the remuneration for the service is charged to the user or
subscriber of the service; it covers also cases where remuneration is paid
by a third party. The definition covers in particular services of a
commercial character. On the other hand, an activity which is not of an
economic or commercial character itself or linked to such an activity does
not constitute a service in the meaning of the Treaty" and thus is not
subject to the directive provisions.
Dutch Government already thinks about extending data retention at European
level (14.04.2009)
Answers from the Dutch Government (only in Dutch, 9.04.2009)
Written question by Alexander Alvaro (ALDE) to the Commission: Subject:
Services provided free of charge in the context of data retention
E-0969/09EN - Answer given by Mr Barrot on behalf of the Commission
(Thanks to EDRi-member Joris van Hoboken - Netherlands)
10. Creative Commons licences launched in Czech Republic
The localized version of the Creative Commons licences was launched on 15
April in the Czech Republic, which has become the fifty-second jurisdiction
worldwide to offer localized Creative Commons licenses.
Following extensive consultation with local and international legal experts
and in close collaboration with Creative Commons International, Creative
Commons Czech ported the licenses and celebrated their launch at an
event during the Multiplace festival in Prague on 16 April 2009..
CC Czech has gathered a lot of supporters since its inception last year.
Besides the project institutional hosts, EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium
(IuRe), the National Library in the Czech Republic and the Union of
Independent Authors, CC Czech has also received endorsement from the
Copyright Department of the Ministry of Culture and Faculty of Philosophy
and Arts, Charles University of Prague.
The team reports: "The joint forces of lawyers, librarians, musicians,
teachers, artists, geeks, journalists and other specialists delivered not
only what we were aiming for - the localized CC deeds and legal codes - but
also proof that the ideas behind CC echo in many areas both professional and
amateur. From archiving original Czech web content to educational
materials and works from independent music producers and performers, CC
opens up a wide spectrum of possibilities. There is no doubt the today's
launch is only the beginning of the Czech Creative Commons story."
Marek Tichy from IuRe commented: "Common people are more and more becoming
creative. Many of them write and post their works on the Internet. The
copyright has been rather constricting with this easy distribution of
creative works."
Creative Commons - Czech Republic
Creators Celebrate Local Creative Commons Licenses in the Czech Republic
Select a CC Licence (in Czech)
Creative Commons licences available in Czech Republic (17.04.2009)
11. Are anonymous electronic services to be prohibited by the EC?
Having in view the data retention law requirements and the fact that data
retention can be avoided by the use of anonymous services, the question
arises whether anonymous electronic systems will be prohibited as well by
the European Commission (EC).
In this sense, Swedish MEP Jens Holm has recently addressed this issue to
the Commission as he considers reliable systems are necessary in order for
private individuals or companies to be able to provide anonymous information
in relation to criminal or financial crime trials. Some individuals may not
dare to contact the police or the mass media, preferring to send anonymous
emails with important information they may hold.
Holm asked the EC whether it intended to prepare a proposal to prohibit such
services within certain fields, whether the Commission believed the Member
States had the right to prohibit such services and whether it considered
that the right to electronic anonymity should be guaranteed in the EU.
EC Vice-President Jacques Barrot, Responsible of Justice, Freedom and
Security answered on behalf of EC stating that there were no current plans
for the EC to submit a proposal to prohibit the use of anonymising services
but that the Commission was studying the impact of such services "on the
ability of law enforcement bodies to provide security to the citizens in the
While the need to maintain the possibility of providing information
anonymously to the relevant organizations had to be considered, in EC's
opinion, the Member States had the responsibility to safeguard their
internal security. In case anonymising services might limit their
possibility to do so, "they may consider regulating the use of these
services, while respecting the European Convention on Human Rights and other
principles and guarantees regarding civil liberties in Europe and their
obligations under the Treaties. Any such measures must be duly justified and
must be proportionate and limited to what is necessary in a democratic
Barrot answered that the EU legislation provides for the fundamental right
to protection of personal data and that "personal data must be processed
fairly and lawfully, including the data minimisation principle. This
principle may be furthered by the use of anonymous data wherever possible."
However, the EC leaves room for future restrictive actions. "Member
States may adopt measures to restrict the scope of these principles which
are necessary to safeguard important public interests such as national
security or law enforcement, including combating terrorism or fighting
European Commission position on anonymisers (12.04.2009)
Written Question by Jens Holm (GUE/NGL) to the Commission - Anonymity
Parliamentary questions- Answer given by Mr Barrot on behalf of the
Commission (3.04.2009)
12. ENDitorial: Why "Olivennes Bill" wouldn't work in Italy
"Olivennes Bill" (named after the French lobbyist who proposed it, also
known as Hadopi law or 3 strikes law) on copyright protection has been
blocked by the French Parliament a couple of days ago (but there is little
doubt that French Government will try to have it approved ASAP). If
(better, when) passed, this bill would have enforced a "parallel indictment
system" handled by an "independent" authority called HADOPI acting as an
actual Justice Court, that is given the power to decide, without a fair
trial, whether a person deserves to be disconnected by the Internet after
being warned twice by copyright holder through the concerned Internet Access
Entertainment Industry lobbyists like this approach very much and are
pushing hard to have Italy enforce it too. "The Problem" is - fortunately -
that Olivennes Bill Italian version would be affected by serious legal
and Constitutional flaws, thus making it impossible to pass, for a number of
First, the Italian Code of electronic communication (L.259/03) sect. 4 para
I letters f) g) and h) make network neutrality mandatory. To impose over
Access Providers' shoulder filtering duties or any other technological
activity limiting the way Italian Public Network (rete pubblica di
comunicazioni) works, would be what the Code calls "discrimination among
specific technologies" and "forcing the use of a particular technology
against others".
Second, the Access Providers would be forced to report to the Public
Authorities their users' criminal behaviour by fault of cross-combination
between legislative decree 70/2003 (enforcing EU directive 31/00 on
e-commerce and access/content providers online liability) and sect. 171 bis
et al.of Law 633/41(Italian Copyright Law). Legislative Decree 70/2003, in
fact, makes an Access Provider non-automatically accountable for its users'
actions, provided that it doesn't willingly become part of those actions.
Furthermore, the Decree says that the Access Provider must report to the
police forces any criminal misconducts as soon as he's been given sound
evidence of a criminal behaviour committed by an Internet user, thus forcing
the prosecutor to start a criminal investigation. All this is possible
because Italian Copyright infringement provisions are "designed" to be
mandatorily investigated by the Public Prosecutor. Then, should Italy
enforce an Olivennes-like legislation, there would be a "double trial" for
the same (alleged) fact: the first - real - under a Court scrutiny, the
second - "mock" - run by an "independent" authority, leading to a conflict
of public powers.
Third, as a side question, nobody told Mr. Olivennes that his bill is oddly
similar to ancient Western Europe Barbarian laws, where it didn't matter who
the actual culprit was, because the victim had the right to retaliate
against any other culprit's family member. This is what Mr. Olivennes
proposes: to seclude a whole family or company from the Internet for the
(alleged) wrongdoing of a single member.
Not bad, as an exercise on democracy.
(contribution by Andrea Monti - EDRi-member ALCEI - Italy)
13. Recommended Action
The European Parliament will vote tomorrow, 23 April 2009, in the plenary on
the copyright term extension directive.
A cross party platform of MEPs have tabled an amendment to reject the
proposal to extend the term of sound copyrights beyond 50 years. Contact
your MEPs in Strasbourg and ask them to support the rejection amendment
tabled by Sharon Bowles, Andrew Duff and Olle Schmidt ALDE, Guy Bono, PSE,
Christofer Fjellner, Zuzana Roithova, Anna Ibrisagic EPP.
14. Recommended Reading
The ACTA Threat To The Future Of WIPO (14.04.2009)
Presentations - Second PrivacyOS Conference
15. Agenda
23-24 April 2009, Brussels, Belgium
The future of intellectual property - Creativity and innovation in the
digital era
23-24 April 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Second European Licensing and Legal Workshop organized by Free Software
Foundation Europe
11 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
GigaNet is organizing the 2nd international academic workshop on Global
Internet Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction.
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
19-20 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Personal data - more use, more protection?
22-23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
E-privacy: Towards total control
23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Award Italia 2009
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
Call for papers by 1 July 2009
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
16. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-08-26 23:44:55
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.16, 26 August 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.16, 26 August 2009
1. The Pirate Bay - public enemy number one
2. Italian DNA database: The devil is in the details
3. People convicted in UK for refusing to surrender cryptographic keys
4. Google's Street View contested in France and Switzerland
5. UK: p2p three strikes clamp down despite civil liberties concerns
6. Belgium: Minister of Justice wants 2 years of data retention
7. Creative Commons licensed works available on Google Books
8. ENDitorial: Dutch NGO Bits of Freedom resumes its activities
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. The Pirate Bay - public enemy number one
The Pirate Bay (TBP) seems to be the website in the limelight these days,
after the music industry decided to attack it with every legal possibility
and in any country they can, with actions in Denmark,
Netherlands, Norway, Ireland and, of course, Sweden. The move seems not to
have troubled the website too much, but has definitely given it a lot of
Thus the Pirate Bay was offline for a few hours on 24 August 2009, after its
ISP, called Black Internet, was obliged by a Swedish court order, following
an action from the music industry, to disconnect the website from Internet.
Otherwise Black Internet would had to pay penalties of 500 000 Swedish
Krowns (approx. 50 000 euros). But TPB already had in place a backup
solution, after the other problems with the music industry this year, and
came back online in a few hours, with a message for the "attackers":
"The MAFIAA has spent millions of dollars and endless amounts of time to get
this ban in order. Our guess is that they also bribed a bit to get it since
it violates so many laws not only in Sweden but also in the EU, not to
mention violations against human rights. And what do they have to show for
it? 3 hours of partial downtime"
In Ireland, according to the understanding reached by the music record
companies and the Irish ISP Eircom in January 2009, and to the order issued
by The High Court on 24 July 2009, Eircom has agreed to cut off the access
to TPB starting with 1 September 2009.
The agreement Eircom made with the music industry implied that the Irish ISP
would implement a three-strikes system to its users deemed guilty of
copyright infringement and also that it would not oppose any application to
the court to block access to The Pirate Bay.
Irish divisions of EMI, Warner, Universal and Sony music companies have also
sent official requests to the other Irish ISPs to block access to the
Pirate Bay website but, for the time being, this request was denied by UPC
and BT Ireland.
"UPC has informed the rights holders that there is no basis under Irish law
requiring an ISP to block access to certain websites and that it will not
agree to a request that goes beyond what is currently provided for under
Irish law," stated UPC who added that "UPC has every intention of vigorously
defending its position in Court."
BT Ireland has also confirmed that it has refused the music industry request
considering "there is no legal basis for such a request".
In Norway, a coalition of 21 movie and music industry companies sued
Telenor, the country's largest ISP trying to force it to block TPB. The
hearing is to take place in October.
In Netherlands, the anti-piracy organisation, BREIN won a court case at the
end of July against TPB. An Amsterdam court has ruled that the Swedish site
must cease its operations in 10 days in Netherlands. Otherwise they will
need to pay 30 000 euros per day in penalties. Even though the ten days have
passed now, the sentence is not applied yet and the three defendants have
already appealed the case. The two parties have clashed before the appeal at
the Hacking at Random, with a public juicy encounter between the head of
BREIN, Tim Kuik and the Pirate Bay co-founder Gottfrid Svartholm.
All these publicity on the Pirate Bay could be connected with the purchase
of the site by the Swedish company Global Gaming Factory, which is estimated
to be closed by the end of this week.
Eircom to block the Pirate Bay from September; UPC not so keen (19.08.2009)
Eircom to block internet access to Pirate Bay as other firms refuse
Eircom Agrees to Block Pirate Bay Access (20.08.2009)
UPC Refuses to Block Pirate Bay (19.08.2009)
Pirate Bay Faces ISP Block in Norway (19.08.2009)
Pirate Bay and BREIN Clash at Hacker Conference (16.08.2009)
Pirate Bay website back online (25.08.2009)
EDRI-gram: The big record companies are after Irish ISPs (15.07.2009)
2. Italian DNA database: The devil is in the details
On 30 June 2009, the Italian Parliament finally passed Law No. 85 that
ratifies the Prum Convention and forms the legal ground for the creation of
an Italian National DNA Database (NDNAD).
Although this law might have benefited from UK and USA court experience in
the field of DNA forensics, the current text indicates that neither British
nor American case law have been taken into consideration. Furthermore, the
law is flawed by a foggy understanding of the technicalities behind DNA
profiling and sloppy wording that certainly will not facilitate the work of
lawyers, prosecutors or judges. Just to highlight a few of these
inconsistencies, it must be noted that art. 8 (Attivita` del laboratorio
centrale per la banca dati nazionale del DNA - Activity of NDNA Database
Central Laboratory) lacks any general provision that would oblige all the
responsible parties to adopt serious and adequate security measures against
unauthorized access, data tampering, and illegal handling of data and
Furthermore, art. 9 (Prelievo di campione biologico e tipizzazione del
profilo del DNA - Mandatory DNA Sample Collection and DNA Profile
Sequencing) states nothing about the need for a properly established chain
of custody. It is crucial that the collected sample be processed, both
technically and administratively, in such a way that it would be impossible
for a "planted" or "altered" sample to be used. This requirement was proven
vitally important in the OJ Simpson trial (held between 1994 and 1995 at the
Los Angeles Court in the USA) where the value of DNA evidence was
successfully challenged by the defendant due to law enforcement gaffes.
As if this wasn't enough, nothing is said about the effect of an improperly
managed chain of custody on admissibility of the samples as evidence in
Court. This is an issue similar to the one raised in the computer forensics
field, where there is an vigorous ongoing debate about the
admissibility/reliability of digital (volatile) information presented in
Court without a documented and technically well-grounded chain of custody
(the relevance of this issue is enhanced by the recent finding that DNA
samples can be easily faked without expensive facilities.)
This same lack of perspective can be observed in art.10 (Profili del DNA
tipizzati da reperti biologici acquisiti nel corso di procedimenti penali -
DNA Profiles Sequenced from Biological Samples gathered during Criminal
Investigations). (Its impact on due process and the right of defense are
addressed in the analysis of art. 12). This section deals with sample
tracing and access to data. Law enforcement officers can access the NDNA
database without prior authorisation from the prosecutor or the judge that
is responsible for the investigation involving the sample or profile in
question (under Italian law, law enforcement bodies are under the direction
and control of the public prosecutor). Since the article is silent about the
matter, only future court decisions will determine whether prior
authorization is needed to access the NDNA database, thus leaving wide open
a window of several years in which "anything can happen". It is worth
pointing out that there is no mention of defense and victim's lawyers in
this provision, thus making it impossible for them to make reasonable
discovery demands.
The third provision in art.12 requires neither the positive identification
of the personnel accessing the NDNA database and material in the central
lab, nor the secure logging of access to and activity involving the profile
and sample.
Art.13 also raises concerns (Cancellazione dei dati e distruzione dei
campioni biologici - Data Erasire and Destruction of Biological Samples).
Provision 3 doesn't clearly identify who is in charge of ordering the
destruction of samples and profiles. It would have been far more appropriate
(and easier) to say that samples, profiles and all of its related
information cannot be used during the trial. A judge in the preliminary
investigation, preliminary hearing or trial - depending on the stage of the
trial - orders the destruction of both profiles and samples from the NDNA
database, the central laboratory and any other place where this information
is stored (e.g. prosecutor's docket, law enforcement investigator files,
Art.14 deals with punishment for a public officer that communicates or uses
data and information without authorization, or for purposes other than those
stipulated specifically in the law. Well, the punishment is incredibly
light: a jail term of between one and three years. This means that by
pleading guilty (up to 1/3 of a reduction in term) and obtaining a further
1/3 reduction for the "attenuanti generiche" (generic circumstances that
decrease the severity of the punishment), a defendant could face a final
jail term of less than six months that could be avoided by simply paying a
fine. Given the magnitude of the matter, one would expect to find harsh
punishments rather than the equivalent of a light slap on the hand.
Two final remarks:
The first one is about technology. The law says nothing about strategic
technological choices. Of course it is not to be expected that a law will
enter into the maze of ICT and molecular biology oddities. Naturally a
series of subordinate administrative acts will be adopted by the ministries
concerned. But what the law might have (and should have) laid down was the
inclusion of principles such as the use of non-proprietary file formats and
technologies (thus avoiding the technological "locked-in" syndrome that
allowed ICT multinationals to create a de facto monopoly since the cost of
converting huge quantities of information to a different format was so high
as to discourage the shift).
The second one concerns the "vicious loop" in assessing crime impact and
crime spreading. By excluding white collar crime profiles from the NDNAD,
the law can alter crime-related statistics. If all you can find in the NDNAD
are violent crimes committed by Africans or Balkan immigrants and
undocumented migrants (they will hardly be involved in stock exchange
frauds), prosecutors will find easier to investigate these crimes, with the
potential result being an injection of "hidden racism" into the justice
To put it briefly: crime statistics are based upon prosecutory
investigations and trials, but if prosecutory investigations are based upon
the NDNA database, the only crimes that will be scrutinized by politicians
will be those that fall into the NDNA database.
Italian NDNA database. The devil is in the details
(Contribution by Andrea Monti - EDRi-member ALCEI -Italy)
3. People convicted in UK for refusing to surrender cryptographic keys
According to the Annual Report of the Chief Surveillance Commissioner Sir
Christopher Rose to the UK Prime Minister and Scottish Ministers, people
were sentenced between 1 April 2008 and 31 March 2009 for not having given
their passwords or cryptographic keys, on the basis of powers provided to
authorities by section 49 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act
(RIPA) that came into force in October 2007.
The law, initially intended to deal with organised crime and terrorism,
allows the police and other enforcement agencies to demand from a person
passwords, encryption keys or a clear text transcript of encrypted texts.
Failure to comply can result in two years imprisonment for cases not
involving national security, or five years for terrorism or similar
offences. The required data can be even several years old.
The report, ordered by the House of Commons, shows that there were 26
applications for section 49 RIPA powers, out of which 17 obtained permission
from a judge to proceed. Out of the 17, 15 notices were served and 11 people
having received the notices failed to comply with the request. The actions
resulted in seven charges being brought and two convictions. According to
the report, the types of crimes under investigation in these cases were
"counter terrorism, child indecency and domestic extremism".
Sir Christopher was unable to give details on the two convictions or the
situations regarding the other five charges as the former High Court judge
did not provide such information and the Crown Prosecution Service stated it
could not track down any information on the cases without the defendants'
According to The Home Office, the National Technical Assistance Centre
(NTAC) where the police is suppose to apply in order to obtain a section 49
notice do not follow up the results of the notices they approve and UK
Government Communications Headquarters which apparently covers NTAC, did not
answer to the request of revealing some information on these cases.
Annual Report of the Chief Surveillance Commissioner to the Prime Minister
and to Scottish Ministers for 2008-2009 (21.07.2009)
Initial password prosecutions in UK (17.08.2009)
Two convicted for refusal to decrypt data (12.08.2009)
EDRi-gram: UK: Decrypt data or go to prison! (10.10.2007)
4. Google's Street View contested in France and Switzerland
After being criticised and contested in several countries in Europe, such as
UK, Germany and Greece and even outside Europe like in Japan, it is the turn
of France and Switzerland to complain against Google's service Street View.
Several complaints have been recorded in France in 2009 against Street View
service as recently indicated by the French Data Protection Authority - CNIL
(Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertis).
CNIL is keeping an eye of Google's system as the company has introduced in
France this summer tricycles equipped with cameras to explore parks, walking
streets and other less crowded areas. Despite the system introduced by
Google to blur faces and other identification elements such as licence
plates from the images taken by Street View cameras, the system is not 100%
proof. For instance, profiles or faces through grills can still be visible
and are not blurred. Besides, people are also asking for other elements to
be blurred such as the access to private homes.
The French authority is also concerned about the delay in the data treatment
and the retention of raw images. In June, Google committed in front of
European Commission's Article 29 working party to improve this aspect and
delete the raw images but not on a very short term and no precise period of
time was given.
In Switzerland, less than one week after the launching of Street View, the
authorities have already asked for the immediate interruption of the service
under threat of taking the case to court as they consider that Google's
blurring technology is not good enough.
"Numerous reports from the public and our own research show that Google
Street View does not respect the conditions that were laid down. Many faces
and car numbers have not been blurred, or only insufficiently so," stated
Hans-Peter Th|r, the Swiss data protection commissioner who asked Google to
"improve the service and ensure that the images published meet Swiss legal
In its defence, Google admitted there were still some flaws in their
technology: "Our face and license plate blurring software is very effective,
but like any new technology it still makes mistakes now and then -
occasionally blurring things that shouldn't be blurred, or missing some
things that should."
Sibastien Fanti, a lawyer specialised in Internet issues, warns on the fact
that all the data gathered by Google is available to US authorities as
according to the USA Patriot Act, any US government agency has access to
data collected anywhere in the world by US firms, even without a court
order. "If the CIA asks to see what was going on in Zurich this spring,
Google isn't going to provide blurred images," says Fanti.
Google's Switzerland spokesman Matthias Meyer admitted that the companies is
collaborating with authorities but stated that "What we are putting on line
are photos of the past. Once they've been taken they don't change, nothing
is shown in real time."
This is far from being reassuring and as it can be seen people in many
countries there are a lot of privacy concerns related to Street View
Google Street View feeds Cnil's complaints (only in French, 10.08.2009)
CNIL in the wheel of Street view tricycle (only in French, 7.08.2009)
Switzerland asks the interruption of Google Street View (only in French,
Europe asks for the suppression of the raw images by Google Street View
(only in French, 16.06.2009)
Big Google is watching you - really? (only in French, 21.08.2009)
Street View privacy guarantees remain fuzzy (24.08.2009)
EDRi-gram: Privacy complaints related to Google's Street View (16.07.2009)
5. UK: p2p three strikes clamp down despite civil liberties concerns
A new proposal shows that the UK Government has given in to the pressure of
right holders who have complained that the measures proposed by the 'Digital
Britain' report were not powerful enough "to have a significant deterrent
effect on infringing behaviour".
The new proposals would allow Lord Peter Mandelson, UK
Secretary of State, to approve automated sanctions against file-sharers (so
basically a three strikes scheme) and thus, practically, placing the
regulator Ofcom under Mandelson's orders. Apparently, this follows a meeting
between Lord Mandelson and the David Geffen, head of Steven Spielberg's
Dreamworks Studio.
The new proposal also takes into consideration British Recorded
Music Industry's amendment addressed to the Copyright, Designs and Patents
Act proposing that ISPs should be made liable for copyright infringement and
obliged to introduce measures against infringers.
BIS seems to take for granted the opinion of the industry that all
file-sharing is unlawful and that the right solution is represented by
technical measures which actually imply automated network technology to
block websites and user connections.
One of these technical measures is what is called the deep packet inspection
implying the opening by the ISP of each data package. After checking out the
package content, the ISP can decide on interrupting the communication. This
is actually legal interception and is not allowed under EU laws including
the UK law. Technical measures are infringing Amendment 138 of the EU
Telecoms Package but all this does not seem to concern the UK Government.
In line with EU Commissioner Viviane Reding's opinion expressed in July at
the Ludwig Erhard Lecture 2009 Lisbon Council in Brussels, UK MEP Tom
Watson, who has joined the online copyright enforcement debate, believes
drastic measures such as the automated suspension of the Internet connection
are not the best methods to deal with illegal file-sharing. In his opinion,
the policy-makers should rather consider assisting companies in creating new
business models and setting up efficient alternative distribution structures
for online music and entertainment works.
Mr Watson considers the technical measures are only in favour of an industry
that is not ready to change and that the government should find ways to
promote innovation and deal with the changes in the entertainment business
which develop along with the development of the IT technology.
UK 3-strikes - MP urges consultancy not censorship (20.08.2009)
Mandelson to sit in judgement on UK file-sharers (25.08.2009)
Government details how Digital Britain Report will become reality
UK anti-filesharing plans get the Mandelson touch (17.08.2009)
Digital Britain: Government vows to cut illegal file-sharing by 70%
BIS Implementation Plan of Digital Britain (08.2009)
Internet cut-off threat for illegal downloaders (25.08.2009)
EDRI-gram: EU Commissioner: Current business models encourage illegal
file-sharing (15.07.2009)
6. Belgium: Minister of Justice wants 2 years of data retention
Belgium is starting again to discuss the implementation of the data
retention directive, suggesting a 2-year retention period for electronic
communication traffic data, according with the Flemish newspaper De Tijd.
The initial discussion in 2008 did not passed the criticism received
from the Belgian Data Protection Authority and from the public comments
submitted by an ad hoc alliance of civil society and industry.
The draft was presented these days in the media by the Minister of Justice,
Stefaan De Clerck. He asks for a two year period for data retention,
claiming that the Police and the Prosecutors Office need the data for that
long. The draft foresees that the prosecutor or the magistrate in a case has
to submit a written justification for every query.
The Belgium ISP Association claimed that a period of six months should be
enough, asking the Government to support the costs for a longer period.
Otherwise the cost might be passed to the user, therefore an increased cost
for an Internet connection.
The Belgium Data Protection Authority (DPA) has also considered a two year
period as excessive. In a comment sent to the Government on this topic, the
Authority has suggested a one year period. After that period, all the stored
data needs to be deleted immediately.
The DPA has stated that a public report needs to be made public each
year in order to assess if the data retention is necessary and in what
conditions it was used. The Authority made also several comments on the
text - for a better clarification of the "public networks" definition or the
"exceptional circumstances" when the data can be kept more than 24 months.
Comments from the Belgium DPA on the data retention draft law (only in
French, 1.07.2009)
Emails kept for 2 years, Internet user might pay (only in French,
Belgium wants to go for 2 years in data retention (only in Dutch,
7. Creative Commons licensed works available on Google Books
Google Books announced on 13 August 2009 the launching of an initiative
allowing writers, artists and publishers to specify their works as Creative
Commons (CC) works, being able to choose between the six CC version 3
licenses, a public domain license or the CC "no rights reserved" license.
This gives right holders a simple way to give clear indications on the legal
rights they have to CC-licensed works found through Google Books and tell
readers whether and how they can use the copyrighted books.
A few authors have already made their CC books available on Google Books and
these books have been marked by a matching logo on the book's left hand
navigation bar. Books can thus be downloaded, shared and even modified and
remixed if the right holder has chosen to allow this.
People downloading these books agree to use them only as specified by the
license, as for instance giving proper credit to the author in case of
remixing and further public distributions.
Google Books also announced that according to the publisher's choice, it
will introduce the option to restrict searches of books accordingly.
Representatives of the Book Rights Registry have also shown the intention to
allow the free distribution by right holders of CC-licensed works in case
the settlement is approved in court.
This action might come also in light of the late criticism and investigation
of Google Books by the European Commission with the hearing to come very
soon on 7 September. The hearing seems to come late, as 4 September is
the deadline of submissions on the settlement that the US Judge has set in
this case. With a final decision in this case estimated on 7 October, the
European hearing finds widespread disagreement between different publishers.
Bringing the power of Creative Commons to Google Books (13.08.2009)
Google Books adds Creative Commons license options (13.08.2009)
Europe Divided on Google Book Deal (24.08.2009)
EDRI-gram: EU EC hearing on Google book deal (29.07.2009)
8. ENDitorial: Dutch NGO Bits of Freedom resumes its activities
When EDRi was established, its founders recognized that co-operation
between European digital rights organisations was essential for the
effective protection of digital civil rights in the years ahead. EDRi
would in the subsequent years indeed come to serve as an important
framework for this co-operation.
One of these founders was a Dutch digital rights organization called Bits of
Freedom (BoF). Not only has it helped establishing EDRi, but
it was also one of the first digital rights organisations in Europe.
Thus, it was highly unfortunate that Bits of Freedom announced  in August
2006 that it would cease most of its activities. Both full-time
employees decided to leave, and the continuing uncertainty about financing
led to the conclusion that a relaunch at that time was not possible.
Of all the reasons which led to this conclusion, the lack of work was not
one, however: "a bottom-up civil rights movement in the Netherlands
seems more necessary than ever", one of the former directors of Bits of
Freedom wrote in the EDRI-gram at that time.
Now, exactly three years later, we are happy to announce that Bits of
Freedom resumed its activities this month. A substantial initial grant
by the Dutch foundation Internet4All allows Bits of Freedom to start
again defending Dutch civil rights in the information society.
Bits of Freedom will focus on protecting privacy and communications
freedom in a digital age. It will do so by influencing government policy
and self regulation, not only on a national, but also on a European level.
And when doing so on a European level, Bits of Freedom still is convinced
that co-operation between European digital rights organisations remains
an essential part of effectively defending freedom in a digital world.
Bits of Freedom strives to make a meaningful contribution to that
co-operation in the years to come.
The new executive board of the foundation consists of Doke Pelleboer
(former CEO of Dutch ISP XS4ALL), Joris van Hoboken (researcher at the
University of Amsterdam) and Karianne Thomas (attorney at the Dutch law
firm Van Doorne). The organisation will be led by Ot van Daalen (former
attorney at the Dutch law firm De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek).
Bits of Freedom website
Press release on re-launch of BoF (only in Dutch, 14.08.2009)
EDRi-gram: End of activities Bits of Freedom (2.08.2009)
(contribution by Ot van Daalen, Director EDRi-member Bits of Freedom -
9. Recommended Action
Public consultation on post-i2010: priorities for new strategy for European
information society (2010-2015)
Launch of International Free and Open Source Software Law Review.
10. Recommended Reading
Statewatch analysis - EU agrees on rules for remote computer access by
police forces, but fails, as usual, to mention the security and intelligence
The Privacy Jungle: On the Market for Data Protection in Social Networks
11. Agenda
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
12 September 2009, Worldwide
2nd International Action Day "Freedom not Fear - Stop the Surveillance
Mania" Demonstrations, Events, Privacy Parties etc. in many countries
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
23-24 September 2009, Copenhagen, Denmark
The Net will not forget
European conference on ICT and Privacy
29-30 September 2009, Warsaw, Poland
3rd International Conference "Keeping Children and Young People Safe Online"
1-2 October 2009, Barcelona, Spain
6th Communia Workshop: Memory Institutions and Public Domain
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24 October 2009, Zurich, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
Deadline for nominations: 31 August 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
29 October - 1 November 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum: Organization and Action
3 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
Civil Society Conference: "Global Privacy Standards for a Global Economy"
Organized by Electronic Privacy Information Center
4-6 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
31st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-12-02 22:57:09
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.23, 2 December 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.23, 2 December 2009
1. Civil liberties groups ask EU to repeal data retention directive
2. Romanian Constitutional Court decision against data retention
3. Spain warned by Commissioner Reding for cutting off Internet access
4. Austria: BIM delivers draft act on implementing Data Retention Directive
5. Stockholm programme adopted by the European Parliament
6. Legal Complaints and Petition Against Second French "Horror Database"
7. Czech Big Brother Awards 2009
8. EC changes the openess concept in the draft eGov EIF
9. Spanish court revokes its decision to shut down P2P-related sites
10. ENDitorial: IGF 2009: the Forum is the Message (and the Massage as well)
11. ENDitorial: Keeping the "self" in self-regulation
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Civil liberties groups ask EU to repeal data retention directive
Civil liberties groups European Digital Rights (EDRi) and the German
Working Group on Data Retention (AK Vorrat) are calling on the European
Union to repeal the 2006 directive on the data retention of electronic
communications. In the event that the directive is not repealed, they
demand that it is amended to introduce an opt-out right allowing Member
States to decide whether or not to require the retention of
communications data.
In a statement to the European Commission published today, AK Vorrat
points out that the directive has resulted in less liberty for citizens,
in a constant threat that information on personal contacts, mobile phone
movements and Internet use may be sold, lost or otherwise cause harm, as
well as in higher prices for telecommunications services and in less
In a legal complaint regarding the directive filed with the European
Court of Justice in 2006 and disclosed today on the Internet, Ireland
pointed out that initially, many countries had not imposed any data
retention requirements and that "no issue relating to the internal
market could justify the imposition upon a Member State of an obligation
to require telecommunications operators to retain data (...) where no
such obligations previously existed under the law of that State".
In several Member States, courts examined and are examining complaints
filed by citizens and telecommunications operators, alleging that the
indiscriminate collection of communications data violates the human
right to privacy. Constitutional Courts in Romania and Bulgaria
have already ruled data retention legislation unconstitutional. The
German Federal Constitutional Court will hear complaints filed by over
34 000 citizens in December. Another action is pending in Ireland,
while an application to the Constitutional Court of the Czech Republic
is currently being prepared.
"In a landmark decision taken last year, the European Court of Human
Rights declared illegal a British DNA and fingerprints database, stating
that 'the blanket and indiscriminate nature of the powers of retention
(...) constitutes a disproportionate interference' with privacy and
'cannot be regarded as necessary in a democratic society.' The same
is the case with the blanket and indiscriminate collection of
information on personal contacts, mobile phone movements and Internet
use", comments legal expert Patrick Breyer (AK Vorrat). "Anonymity is
indispensable for a multitude of activities in a democratic state.
Subjecting all citizens to a constant recording of whom they are in
touch with is threatening to undermine or even destroy democracy while
ostensibly defending it. The Commission must put an end to this Big
Brother law now."
"EDRi and its members have been campaigning against this directive for
years, arguing that such data retention is necessarily a hazardously
invasive act. Communication data is well beyond being simple logs of who
we've called and when we called them. Traffic data are now used to
create a map of human associations and more importantly, a map of human
activity and intention," reminds Meryem Marzouki (EDRi). "With the
growing use of massive national databases, and the current plans towards
their interoperability at EU-level and full access for police purposes,
the data retention directive paves the way to further extensions of
purposes, where data once collected strictly for the requirements of a
given service delivery become used for citizens surveillance and social
control, when not for intelligence purposes. This is not acceptable in a
democratic society, and should be ended now."
This press release is supported by:
- Dutch speaking League for Human Rights (Liga voor Mensenrechten) - Belgium
- French speaking League for Human Rights (Ligue des droits de
l'Homme) - Belgium
- Flemish Bar Association (Orde van Vlaamse Balies) - Belgium
- French and German speaking Bars of Belgium (Ordre des Barreaux
Francophones et Germanophone) - Belgium
- General Association of Professional Journalists in Belgium (AGJPB
- Association generale des Journalistes Professionnels de Belgique -
AVBB : Algemene Vereniging van Beroepsjournalisten in Belgie) - Belgium
- Statewatch - UK
- Werebuild.eu - Sweden
This press release in French - EDRI et AK Vorrat demandent ` l'Union
europienne d'abroger la directive "ritention de donnies" (1.12.2009)
In German - B|rgerrechtsvereinigungen fordern EU zur Aufhebung der
Richtlinie zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung auf (1.12.2009)
Statment from AK Vorrat on Data retention (only in German, 1.12.2009)
Summary of AK Vorrat Recommendations in English (1.12.2009)
Irish Submission to the European Court of Justice (11.07.2006)
Romanian Constitutional Court decision against data retention (25.11.2009)
Bulgarian case against data retention (17.12.2008)
Germany: Class-action law suit against data retention
Action against data retention in Ireland (14.09.2006)
EDRi' campaign against the data retention
2. Romanian Constitutional Court decision against data retention
The decision of the Romanian Constitutional Court (CCR) against the data
retention law was finally published in the Official Monitor on 23 November
The motivation of the court, which was made public only with a few days
before its publication in the Official Monitor, shows an interesting
argument from a Court with no prior jurisprudence in the field of privacy
protection. Thus, the court not only criticizes several aspects of the text
of the law, but declares the whole law as unconstitutional because it
breaches the right to corespondence and to privacy.
Even though only several articles were mentioned in the motion of
unconstitutionality, the Court went further and examined art 20 of the law
that could have been interpreted as an open door for the secret services to
access the retain data under any circumstances and without a judicial
approval, an issue that was raised by EDRi-member APTI starting with the
public consultations in 2007.
CCR notes that the principle of limited collection of personal data is
emptied through this new regulation that obliges a continuos retention of
traffic data for 6 month."The legal obligation that foresees the continuous
retention of personal data transforms though the exception from the
principle of effective protection of privacy right and freedom of
expression, into an absolute rule. The right appears as being regulated in a
negative manner, its positive role losing its prevailing character."
CCR also makes a comparison with article 91^1 of the Penal Procedure
Court (CPP) dealing with audio and video interceptions in crime cases, that
was considered constitutional in an earlier ruling. The text of the CPP
allows the video interception only in a specific case and person, only with
judicial supervision, only for the future and for a period that may not
exceed 120 days under any circumstances . The Court concludes that
basically, this data retention law deletes the right to privacy in terms of
electronic communications: "Therefore, the regulation of a positive
obligation that foresees the continuous limitation of the privacy right and
secrecy of correspondence makes the essence of the right disappear by
removing the safeguards regarding its execution."
The court is underlining the fact, already pointed out by European
civil organizations even during the adoption of the data retention
directive, that the law considers all citizens as potential criminals: "This
(data retention) equally addresses all the law subjects, regardless of
whether they have committed penal crimes or not or whether they are the
subject of a penal investigation or not, which is likely to overturn the
presumption of innocence and to transform a priori all users of electronic
communication services or public communication networks into people
susceptible of committing terrorism crimes or other serious crimes."
Finally, the court quotes the ECHR case of Klass and others vs Germany
(1978) considering that "taking surveillance measures without adequate and
sufficient safeguards can lead to 'destroying democracy on the ground of
defending it .'"
According to art 147 of the Romanian Constitution, the legal provisions on
data retention are now suspended. The Government and Parliament have 45 days
to "fix" the unconstitutional provisions. But taking into consideration the
CCR reasoning, there are little chances that any text that would ask for a
six month blanket data retention would be considered as constitutional in
Romania. Moreover, there is currently only an interim government and a new
one is unlikely to appear in the next weeks (at least not until the second
round of presidential election, which is scheduled for 6 December).
Constitutional Court Decision no 1258 of 8 October 2009 (unofficial
English translation, 23.11.2009)
Constitutional Court Decision no 1258 of 8 October 2009 (only in Romanian,
APTI's comments on draft data retention law (only in Romanian, 9.05.2007)
Romania: Data retention law declared unconstitutional (21.10.2009)
Art 147 of the Romanian Constitution
3. Spain warned by Commissioner Reding for cutting off Internet access
On 23 November 2009, at the Spanish Telecom Regulatory Authority (CMT)
international meeting, Viviane Reding warned that the European Commission
could take action against Spain if the government decided to cut the
Internet access of file-sharers.
"Repression alone will certainly not solve the problem of Internet piracy;
it may in many ways even run counter to the rights and freedoms which are
part of Europe's values since the French Revolution," said the Commissioner
who reminded Spain that the new telecom package agreed upon in November by
the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers included a provision
considering as illegal the internet access cut-off without an official
procedure. "The new internet freedom provision now provides that any
measures taken regarding access to and use of services and applications must
always respect the fundamental rights and freedoms of citizens," and
"Effective and timely judicial review is as much guaranteed as a prior, fair
and impartial procedure, the presumption of innocence and the right to
privacy," said Reding.
As she has said on several other occasions, the Commissioner believes that
new business models and modern, efficient ways must be found to protect
intellectual property and artistic creation.
On this occasion, she also criticised France's Hadopi three strikes law,
argued that the development of a single European market for online content
was a better way to act against Internet piracy and regretted the
fragmentation of copyright law across the EU. "The lifting of impediments to
the cross-border online distribution of creative works will improve the
supply of attractive and affordable services that are legal. In turn, this
will reduce the temptation for consumers to indulge in the illicit
consumption of copyright-protected material."
Reinaldo Rodrmguez, the President of the CMT considers Reding's statements
are based on a misunderstanding and is confident that there will be no
conflicts between the Spanish legislation and that of the EU. The Spanish
Minister of Culture Angeles Gonzalez-Sinde has several times expressed her
position against the French model being in favour of prosecuting illegal
downloading sites but not users.
The Spanish association of operators REDTEL is also opposed to the
disconnection of the allegedly illegal downloaders, believing that
sectioning measures are only doomed to fail and that raising awareness would
be a much more efficient solution. The operators believe that while the
citizens ask cultural materials more and more on new channels, the culture
industry refrains from directing its offer through the Internet, in a legal
form and with attractive deals.
On 10 December 2009, a proposition will be presented to the Government by
the coalition of content creators. The proposition will be centered on
blocking P2P websites downloading contents from the Internet and not on
cutting access of users.
Reding warns Spain against internet cut-off (24.11.2009)
Commissioner warns Spain that cutting-off Internet enters into conflict with
EU (only in Spanish, 23.11.2009)
The European Commissioner warns Spain over regulating P2P (only in Spanish,
The Coallition will ask the Government for the blocking of P2P websites, but
never for the disconnection  (only in Spanish, 2.11.2009)
Spanish activists issue manifesto on the rights of Internet users
4. Austria: BIM delivers draft act on implementing Data Retention Directive
In April 2009 - after the EU Commission decided to bring an action against
Austria because of non-transposition of the Data Retention Directive
2006/24/EC (DRD) - the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute of Human Rights (BIM) was
assigned by the Austrian Federal Ministry for Transport, Innovation and
Technology to elaborate a draft act on the amendment to the
Telecommunications Act 2003, in order to find a way of transposition that
interferes least with fundamental rights of users. Although Austria had
supported the Directive in 2006, the newly elected government has delayed
the transposition not least because of serious doubts about its conformity
with Art. 8 European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR), which provides a
right to respect for one's "private and family life, his home and his
After we had been invited by the Ministry to elaborate such a draft act, we
thought very seriously for a while, if we should accept and what the
consequences would be. In the past years the BIM had criticised the DRD
fundamentally in public and we had published studies on the Directive in the
light of the ECHR which brought the result, that Data Retention is
incompatible with the Human Rights provisions. So the main problem was (and
still is), if a Human Rights Institute of high reputation writes the draft
for transposing the directive, the act likely will get the "fundamental
rights proofed"- stamp, what would clearly undermine the criticism on the
issue in public perception. On the other hand the Austrian Government left
no doubt that it is going to transpose the Data Retention, in order to avoid
a conviction through the European Court of Justice (ECJ) and the assignment
could be the chance to find a version of transposition which provides as
much safety elements as possible. But this would not have been enough to
decide for this job. The aim was to show in a accompanying scientific
analyse, that it is not possible to "repair" the DRD by creating safeguards
and transposing just the minimum necessary under Community Law - which of
course we did. Even so the Data Retention causes a violation of Art 8 and 10
ECHR, so the BIM recommends, that those parts of the draft act, which
stipulate the retention of data, should never enter into force - otherwise
their mere existence would violate Human Rights!
The BIM organised continuous round table discussions with concerned service
providers, non-profit organisations, employee and consumer representations,
as well as representatives of concerned ministries and other public
authorities. In addition, meetings in small technical groups were held in
order to assure clarity of the norm and to take into consideration all
technical possibilities, especially concerning data security matters. On 11
September 2009 - almost ironic - the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute of Human
Rights delivered the draft act on the amendment to the Telecommunications
Act 2003. Presently it is announced for an official public examination. This
hopefully perpetuates a public discussion about the non existing necessity
of this instrument.
Ceterum censeo data-retentionem esse delendam!
Draft Law on data retention suggested by the BIM (only in German)
Data retention opponents making their move (only in German, 26.11.2009)
AK Vorrat Austria
Resistance against Data Retention in Austria (only in German, 1.12.2009)
(Contribution by Christof Tschohl - Legal Researcher at the BIM and the main
author of the BIM-contribution to the Austrian DR draft law)
5. Stockholm programme adopted by the European Parliament
After six months of preparation, the European Union has almost reached
agreement (somewhat behind schedule) on its 5-year plan for policy in the
area of "freedom, security and justice", better known as the "Stockholm
Programme". Discussions on this proposal took place in parallel, with the
European Parliament preparing its opinion on the dossier at the same time as
Member States were working towards finalising the "real" text. While the
European Parliament's views have had a limited direct impact on the
Stockholm Programme itself, they will have an influence on the practical
projects that are subsequently set up by this new plan.
The text adopted by the Parliament, in great haste and some chaos,
is a mix of some very positive statements and some less helpful ones. On the
plus side, an attempt was made to reshape the post-9/11 "balance" metaphor
with regard to freedoms and justice: "(...) the EU is rooted in the
principle of freedom; points out that, in support of that freedom, security
must be pursued in accordance with the rule of law and subject to
fundamental rights obligations; states that the balance between security and
freedom must be seen from this perspective". There is also a stress on
reviewing the impact of measures adopted under the programme and improving
the evaluation systems already in place. On the negative side, opportunities
were missed with regard to minimum levels of diligence to be required of the
European Commission with regard to the issues to be addressed in impact
assessments and with regard to the dangers inherent in the use of databases,
particularly when these are interlinked.
The Council, meanwhile, hit some problems in last minute discussions on the
Programme, although at the time of writing, these problems do not appear
fatal for the initiative as a whole. Bearing in mind the wish of one Member
State Minister expressed during the debate between ministers, that the
Stockholm Programme will lead to the "eradication of terrorism" and the wish
of another that the programme would deal effectively with petty crime, it
appears that some Member States have somewhat unrealistic expectations of
the initiative. On the plus side, the text deleted some of the more
destructive and populist (blocking of websites) and downright dangerous
("revoking" of the IP addresses of foreign ISPs considered criminal by the
police) measures in the European Commission's Communication of June of this
year, which was meant to form the basis of the Programme. On the negative
side, the Council appears to be slipping into the misconception that
IT-based automated policing will somehow produce systems that will be both
cheaper and more efficient while also not endangering citizens' rights. This
trend is demonstrated by its proposal (albeit neatly framed with words about
protection of personal data) on "interoperability of IT systems ensuring
full conformity with data protection and data security principles when
developing such systems." Within the context, and keeping to this worrying
theme, Swedish Minister Beatrice Ask (at the beginning of discussions in the
Council) expressed her hope for the creation of "more cost-effective data
As mentioned above, disagreements and delays have significantly slowed the
final adoption of the text. While Ministers all agreed that citizens should
be happy to trust any government (including foreign governments, following
the SWIFT agreement on exchange of banking data) with their personal data,
they did not trust each other to be responsible for mutually recognised
asylum procedures. As a result, this aspect of the Programme has delayed its
The next stage in this process will be the preparation of concrete projects
to be proposed within the context of the adopted text. This will be done by
the European Commission, ostensibly with the support of the Spanish
Presidency of the Council.
Commission Communication (10.06.2009)
Last available consolidated text:
Second-last set of amendments to the Programme (27.11.2009)
EDRi-gram: Stockholm Programme moves quickly towards adoption (9.09.2009)
6. Legal Complaints and Petition Against Second French "Horror Database"
The French coalition of groups, associations, trade unions and political
parties from the opposition is making it clear after its first successful
'No to EDVIGE' in 2008 led to the withdrawal of the EDVIGE intelligence
database by the French government, after a massive citizen mobilization
(more than 220.000 signatures of a first petition, including almost 1200
signatures from organizations, legal complaints, demonstrations, and all
possible democratic forms of protest). It now says 'Hell no!' to EDVIGE,
after the same government reintroduced almost the same database with two new
decrees published on 18 October 2009.
The coalition has launched a new petition on 30 November 2009, calling on
citizens to sign again against the new surveillance database. As things have
developed so far, the French civil society firmness against EDVIGE remains
intact: over only less than 3 days, more than 6100 individuals and 80
organizations have already signed, including main national associations,
trade unions, and political parties from the opposition. Main members of the
coalition, including French EDRI member IRIS, have filed legal complaints on
the same day against the French government, asking the highest
administrative Court (Conseil d'Etat) to annul the two new decrees. Other
coalition members are preparing to join this legal action.
The French anger is first due to the government contempt of the democratic
process: for the second time, Sarkozy's government by-passed the Parliament
to introduce a surveillance database, despite its own commitment in 2008 to
have the creation of any new police file decided by the Parliament. Even
worse, Members of Parliaments belonging to the President's majority voted on
24 November 2009 amendments to a draft law on 'the simplification of the
legislation', explicitly allowing such a creation by simple regulation.
Regarding the provisions of the decrees, the petition acknowledges the fact
that the previous mobilization has allowed to avoid in the new EDVIGE
database the collection of sensitive data related to sexual life and health.
This doesn't prevent, however, the LGBT movement and organizations fighting
AIDS to take again part in the mobilization against all other EDVIGE
features remaining in the new database: it is an intelligence file, and no
infraction needs to be committed before being filed to 'prevent violations
of public security'; children start being filed at 13; On top of the many
and, for some of them, sensitive data as defined by the French data
protection Act in accordance with the 1995 directive, that are collected
(identity, political, religious, philosophical activities as well as
activities related to trade-unions; public activities, behaviours and
movements; phone numbers and email addresses, vehicle registration, capital
assets, and others that were already in EDVIGE N01), a mysterious
'geographical origin' has been added to the categories of collected data.
This latter category, which doesn't correspond to any legal definition, has
been qualified as a masked way of gathering information related to the
ethnic origin, and anti-racist organizations have soon joined the second 'No
to EDVIGE' campaign.
EDRI previously reported that, during the Madrid Civil Society Conference on
Global privacy Standards held last November, Peter Schaar, the German
Federal Data Protection Commissioner, rightly underlined that "EDVIGE is a
horror database for us, because it includes many persons that did not breach
any laws - they are just 'risky persons'". It is very unfortunate that his
French counterpart, Alex T|rk, does not share this point of view. In a
communiqui published on 22 October 2009, the CNIL has found that "the new
decrees will allow relevant police services to use (the created databases)
under conditions guaranteeing citizens rights and freedoms thanks to the
CNIL control powers". One might wonder how and against which evidence the
CNIL would be able to control the 'risk assessment' having led to file one
person in the EDVIGE database, given the fact that no single infraction
needs to be committed first.
"No to EDVIGE" coalition website (including petition with automatic update
of signatures)
EDRi-gram: French Edvige Decree Withdrawn (3.12.2008)
EDRi-gram: France Pushes The Introduction Of Edvige Project Through The Back
Door (21.10.2009)
"No to EDVIGE" against police file creation by simple regulation (in French
only, 26.11.2009)
EDRi-gram: Declaration On Global Privacy Standards (5.11.2009)
CNIL: From "Edvige I' to 'Edvige III": intelligence databases from now on
better supervised and better controlled (only in French, 22.10.2009)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
7. Czech Big Brother Awards 2009
The results of the fifth annual Big Brother Awards were announced at a
festive evening in Prague's Theatre Na Pradle on 12 November 2009. A jury of
experts chose from almost 80 nominations entered by the public.
Among those awarded are the Czech Ministry of Schools, Youth and Sports for
gathering information about pupils and students, Nokia company for its
efforts to legalize snooping in its employees' email communication, the
social networking site Facebook for its inconsistent approach to user
privacy protection, the Czech Ministry of Health, the State Institute for
Drug Control and National Health Registries, or the French "HADOPI law",
nicknamed the "electronic guillotine".
The "Statement of the year" went to the General Manager of the state-owned
lottery operator Sazka, for demanding that slot-machines be equipped with ID
scanners. He thinks this would prevent people who receive social benefits
from gambling. "It is a question of a greater control or an increase in
gambling," says Mr. Ales Husak. The positive prize was awarded to the
citizens of Iran for boycotting telephones manufactured by Nokia Siemens,
because a telecommunication surveillance system was sold by this company to
the Government of Iran.
The first ceremony in the Czech Republic took place in 2005. Similarly to
previous years there are eight categories - Longterm Violation of Human
Privacy (for companies and public organizations), Biggest Corporate Snoop
(for companies), Biggest Government Agency Snoop (for government
organizations), Dangerous New Technology, Big Brother Law, Snoop Among
Nations, Statement of a Big Brother and finally the positive award for
Achievements in Protecting Privacy. The Czech Awards are held by the
EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium.
Big Brother Awards 2009 (only in Czech)
Czech Big Brother awards press release in English (12.11.2009)
(Contribution by Katerina Hlatka - EDRi-member IURE)
8. EC changes the openess concept in the draft eGov EIF
A second draft of the European Interoperability Framework (EIF) was recently
leaked to the press showing that the European Commission (EC) has decided to
take the side of Business Software Alliance (BSA), a lobby group for
proprietary software vendors.
The first draft of EIF is a document produced in 2004 by the "Interoperable
delivery of pan-European eGovernment services to public administrations,
businesses and citizens" (IDABC) for the European Union.
According to EIF I, open standards are the key in obtaining interoperability
in pan-European eGovernment services. The document defines the open standard
as being a standard that is adopted and maintained by a non-profit
organization the development of which "occurs on the basis of an open
decision-making procedure available to all interested parties (consensus or
majority decision etc.)." An open standard needs also to be published with a
standard specification document that "is available either freely or at a
nominal charge. It must be permissible to all to copy, distribute and use it
for no fee or at a nominal fee." The intellectual property of an open
standard (or part of it) "is made irrevocably available on a royalty-free
basis" and "there are no constraints on the re-use of the standard."
The EC produced a consultation document and launched a public consultation
between June and September 2008 for a second version of the EIF. The
consultation received 53 comments. The Free Software Foundation Europe
(FSFE) has analysed the new version of the text, showing that the Commission
has based its result practicaly only on the input of BSA ignoring other
opinions from companies, groups and individuals in favour of Open Standards
and Free Software.
"The European Commission must not make itself the tool of particular
interests. The current draft is unacceptable, and so is the total lack of
transparency in the process that has led to this text," says Karsten
Gerloff, FSFE's President.
While the first version of EIF considers open standards as key tools for
interoperability, thus strongly supporting Free Software and Open Standards
in the public sector, EIF2 contains only a description of a so called
"openness continuum", which also includes proprietary specifications.
The new text no longer considers that openness is a key factor for
interoperability in eGoverment services. "While there is a correlation
between openness and interoperability, it is true that interoperability can
be obtained without openness, for example via homogeneity of the ICT
systems, which implies that all partners use, or agree to use, the same
solution to implement a European Public Service" says the new draft.
FSFE has sent a letter to the people in charge of eGovernment in EU member
states that says: "The current text is not a viable successor to version 1
of the EIF. Instead of leading Europe forward into an interoperable future,
it will promote vendor lock-in, block interoperability of eGovernment
services, and damage the European software economy. If adopted, it will be a
testament to the power which is exerted outside democratic and transparent
processes, and will give rise to Euro-scepticism." The letter includes a set
of 10 recommendations for the improvement of the draft.
A press officer with the Delegation to the European Commission in Washington
stated on 6 November that the document being circulated as "EIF 2.0" could
not be attributed as an official European Commission document." It seems the
EC indicated that the text was a document only intended to test public
However, the second draft of the EIF document was discussed in a meeting
between the EC and representatives of the EU Member States on 12 November in
Brussels. According to the German Ministry of the Interior, most member
states at the meeting considered the document a good starting point, "but
there are some points that have to be discussed again, including the
definition of interoperability and open source."
A spokesman from the Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs stated the revision
was a major step back from the first version. "We informally said we were
unhappy with it. The government will respond officially once the document is
FSFE: EC caves in to proprietary lobbyists on interoperability (27.11.2009)
European Interoperability Framework for European Public Services (EIF) -
Version 2.0 - (work document in progress) (11.2009)
U Wants to Re-define "Closed" as "Nearly Open" (2.11.2009)
If Not EIF 2.0, Then What? (6.11.2009)
9. Spanish court revokes its decision to shut down P2P-related sites
A preliminary shut down decision against two P2P file-sharing link sites has
been recently overturned by a Spanish court which also fined the anti-piracy
group involved in the case.
Two eD2K file-sharing link sites known as Elitelmula and Etmusica were shut
down by court order in April 2009 on the basis of an action of by
anti-piracy group SGAE. Shortly after, Juan Jose Carrasco Colonel, who ran
the two sites, received a visit from a lawyer and a computer expert of SGAE
who, under false pretences of coming from the court with a warrant, entered
his home and inspected his computers and hard drives to find proofs of music
downloads through the two sites between September and December 2007.
The two lawyers of the sites succeeded in convincing the court that the hard
drive evidence collected during the controversial raid was worthless and
therefore the evidence was dismissed and both sites can now be reopened.
"The reason for reopening the websites is that a hyperlink, per se, does not
violate intellectual property law," said Javier de la Cueva, one of the
lawyers, who explained that the dismissal of the hard drive evidence was due
to having proved that it was impossible for the site's users' sharing
statistics to be stored in it.
He also pointed out that SGAE requested injunctions against Etmusic and
Elitemula without summoning their client. "When this happens and injunctions
are adopted, the defendant should have the opportunity of opposition, and
this is what we have won," he said.
Furthermore, the court fined SGEA with 500 euros for bad faith ("mala
fides") concluding the group had acted on the intention to avoid the right
to a defence of the defendants and for having failed to tell the court that
earlier criminal proceedings brought by Promusicae to achieve preliminary
injunctions against both sites, had already been dismissed.
P2P Sites' Injunctions Overturned, Anti-Piracy Group Fined (24.11.2009)
Spain: the judges fining an anti-piracy group guided by SGAE. (only in
Spanish, 25.11.2009)
The Judge orders the reopening of the two p2p sites and fines SGAE for mala
fides in its request for closing down (only in Spanish, 22.11.2009)
10. ENDitorial: IGF 2009: the Forum is the Message (and the Massage as well)
Internet Governance Forum or Internet Governance Fair? One might still
wonder what the IGF acronym stands for, after the closing of its fourth
annual meeting in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, on 18 November 2009. As usual, the
IGF featured a number (111 over 4 days!) of so-called multi-stakeholder
panels and workshops, exhibition booths, launching events and other
happenings. One might still equally wonder what 'Internet Governance' means
in the IGF context: apparently, any and all Internet issues, roughly
categorized under 7 headings: Access, Diversity, Openness, Security,
Critical Internet Resources, Development and Capacity Building.
The new comer finds it hard to understand the difference between discussion
formats: main session (though run in parallel with up to 9 other events),
workshop, open forum, best practice forum, dynamic coalition meeting: what's
the exact difference in the end? The veteran is still waiting for the
'round-table' format, that is, a more output-oriented format for issues that
have reached a certain level of maturity, that one would have expected as a
result of the February and May 2009 IGF consultation meetings. But 'outcome'
seems a banned concept, if not a jinx, at IGF. Marshall McLuhan would
probably have liked it: the Forum is indeed the message and the massage
altogether. However, some participants have a precise agenda to advance for
better or worse.
The Association for Progressive Communication (APC) took further steps on
its joint initiative with the Council of Europe and UNECE towards a "Code of
Good Practice on Transparency, Information and Participation in Internet
governance", which builds on the principles of WSIS and the Aarhus
Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-Making
and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters. The Electronic Privacy
Information Center (EPIC) and the international Public Voice Coalition were
instrumental in making privacy a key and crosscutting issue at this year
IGF, most notably by moderating the main session on "security, openness, and
privacy" and by convening high quality informative workshops to put privacy
in focus in emerging contexts such as cloud computing, behavioural targeting
and social networks. IGF was indeed the perfect opportunity for the Public
Voice Coalition, of which EDRI is a main actor, to campaign on and collect
more signatures to the recently adopted "Madrid Civil Society Declaration on
Global Privacy Standards in a Global World".
On the worrying side, no less than 3 workshops were explicitly dedicated to
the promotion of the Council of Europe (CoE) Convention on Cybercrime
through CoE (privately co-funded) projects. While these projects claim to
include data protection and privacy in their objectives, this would
certainly be better achieved if the CoE (as well as private companies) were
dedicating comparable resources to the promotion of the CoE Convention 108
for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of
Personal Data, together with its 2001 additional Protocol regarding
supervisory authorities and transborder data flows. Another preoccupying
issue is the promotion by many governments, but also by other stakeholders
including some NGOs, of regulations and public-private initiatives to fight
the "dangers" of the Internet through content regulation measures that have
shown, till now, more harm to human rights and especially the rights to
freedom of expression, to privacy and to access to knowledge, than effective
protection of vulnerable groups.
Human rights are not simply a discussion topic: they form a set of
international state binding standards. Active campaigning and uncompromising
on the softening and dilution of basic universal principles seems to be
still required from the civil society side. While APC and some other
participants seem to consider that human rights are gaining prominence at
the IGF, it remains to be proven that, beyond endless discussions, the
realization of human rights in the digital environment is making effective
progress thanks to the IGF... or even AT the IGF one should rather say:
during an event organized by the Open Net Initiative (ONI) to launch the
book entitled "Access controlled", a promotion poster was taken down by
security personnel on the grounds that it showed the following sentence:
'China's famous "Great Firewall of China" is one of the first national
Internet filtering systems', a display which was claimed to violate UN
Should the IGF continue, then? Almost all stakeholders, including civil
society ones, advocated in favour of the continuation of the IGF in the
written comments they submitted as well as at the main session dedicated to
the desirability of the Forum continuation after the expiration of its first
5-years mandate in 2010. Particularly and unanimously praised were the
capacity building feature of the IGF and its ability to facilitate open
dialogue among different stakeholders and different viewpoints. Governments
are divided, though, on whether the IGF should lead to negotiated and/or
binding outcomes: Canada, USA, and the EU presidency strongly stood against
such idea, rather favouring IGF continuation in its current form. Others,
like Brazil, Kenya and Switzerland, advocated for more concrete but not
negotiated outcomes. China was the most clear and direct: "without reform to
the present IGF, it is not necessary to give the IGF a five-year extension",
advocating for a more classical UN style discussion. All developing
countries highlighted the need for better inclusion and involvement of
participants from the Global South. Since the IGF will probably be
continued, the fact that the IGF 2011 will be held in Kenya might bring some
improvement on this last issue. Next year's IGF meeting will be in Vilnius,
Lithuania, on 14-17 September 2010.
Internet Governance Forum, with workshops list and main sessions transcript
APC's project for a code of good practice in Internet governance
EPIC and The Public Voice workshops on Privacy (15-18.11.2009)
The Madrid Privacy Declaration (3.11.2009)
Council of Europe Projects on Cybercrime
EDRi-gram: The 2001 Coe Cybercrime Conv. More Dangerous Than Ever
APC's assessment of IGF 2009 (26.11.2009)
ONI's poster taken down and related videos, including UN Statement on the
incident (15.11.2009)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
11. ENDitorial: Keeping the "self" in self-regulation
Businesses, particularly in the Internet environment, fear (and often have
good reason to fear) government regulation. Traditionally, therefore,
Internet Service Providers have pushed for "self-regulatory" solutions to
issues surrounding the management and operation of their own networks - as
in the case of spam, for example. Self-regulation often seems to be, and
often is, the most effective solution.
There is, however, a growing and insidious trend in self-regulation, where
increasing pressure is being put on Internet access and service providers to
treat their own customers as potential criminals and to take on, usually
unwillingly, policing roles. It is clear that this development has serious
risks both to online freedoms and to the democratic controls that citizens
would normally be able to rely on to protect them.
Already, with the notable exception of Germany, when ISPs were asked (often
under the threat of being portrayed as supporters of child abuse) to
introduce "self-regulatory" web blocking, they felt obliged to do so. This
activity clearly has little in common with the dictionary definition of
"self-regulation". In Germany, the public debate that was provoked by the
ISPs' brave and honourable decision not to cave in to moral blackmail lead
to the country not taking the first crucial first step towards widespread
censorship and an increasingly controlled Internet. Unfortunately, that
democratic decision now risks being overturned by the European Commission's
populist but profoundly flawed proposal to introduce "blocking" at an EU
Last week, the telecoms package was approved by the European Parliament.
This contains a new right for Member States to require that providers of
e-communications networks and services include obligations in their consumer
contracts regarding "unlawful activities" and undefined (and indefinable)
"harmful content". Only a few weeks ago, we saw a leaked document related to
ACTA explaining the United States' view that "ISPs need to put in place
policies to deter unauthorised storage and transmission of IP infringing
content (ex: clauses in customers' contracts allowing, inter alia, a
graduated response)."
Therefore, on the one hand, we see the telecoms package creating the power
for governments to push private companies into using their contracts to
restrict their consumers' use of the Internet. This not alone covers
"illegal" activities but also legal activities that government or the ISP or
a third party might find useful to restrict under the vague heading of
the content being "harmful". This trend is neatly encapsulated in the Dutch
"Notice and Takedown Code of Conduct" which explains that the "parties
involved are also free to decide for themselves which information is
considered as 'undesirable', irrespective of the question of it being in
conflict with the law. They can deal with this undesirable information in
the same way as information that is in conflict with the law". On the other
hand, we see the USA proposing, within the context of ACTA, the introduction
of "graduated response" via consumer contracts and therefore outside the
scope of democratic oversight.
Self-regulatory initiatives are often to promote/protect the interests of
ISPs' customers, so self-regulation is neither automatically unwelcome nor
negative. However, ISPs and providers of online services are there to do
business, so when the cost of defending their users is higher than the cost
of fighting pressure from third parties, it is hardly surprising when they
take the decision most appropriate to the survival of their business. These
activities are, however, outside their normal business practices and,
therefore, the trend towards defending third parties and restricting users'
rights is also harmful and unwelcome for them. "Self-regulation" risks
becoming a way of tipping the cost/benefit balance definitively in favour of
third parties and against citizens. The research carried out in 2004 by
Dutch NGO Bits of Freedom which assessed the ease with which wholly invalid
"notices" of illegal content could cause websites to be taken offline
eloquently demonstrates what this trend means for free speech and justice on
the Internet.
As a result, we have ISPs being subject to a flurry of invitations to have
discussions with international organisations from the European Commission to
the Council of Europe to the United Nations with regard to "self-regulation"
or "public-private partnership" in the field of intellectual property
rights, terrorism, identity theft and various other forms of online activity
where private companies are asked to duplicate or participate in policing
activities. As long as society continues to be mislead by use of words like
"self-regulation" or "partnership", the democratic impact and dangers of
this trend will not be understood and freedoms will be undermined.
Bits of Freedom research - The Multatuli Project ISP Notice & take down
Dutch Code of Conduct (in Dutch, 10.2008)
Dutch Notice and Take down Code of Conduct (10.2008)
ACTA leak (30.09.2009)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12. Recommended Reading
ENISA, supported by a group of subject matter experts comprising
representatives from Industries, Academia and Governmental Organizations,
has conducted, in the context of the Emerging and Future Risk Framework
project, a risks assessment on cloud computing business model and
technologies. The result is an in-depth and independent analysis that
outlines some of the information security benefits and key security risks of
cloud computing. The report provide also a set of practical recommendations.
UK: Report published by the Human Genetics Commission (HGC), the
Government's independent advisers on developments in human genetics
13. Agenda
4 December 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Are you ready for the Internet of Things?
Lift Workshop @ Brussels, Council and Tinker.it!
9 December 2009, Brussels, Belgium
The European OpenSource & Free Software Law Event - EOLE 2009
27-30 December 2009, Berlin, Germany
26th Chaos Communication Congress
20-22 January 2010, Namur, Belgium
The Conference for the 30th Anniversary of the CRID - An Information Society
for All : A Legal Challenge
29-30 January 2009, Turin, Italy
"Cultural Commons" - First International Workshop
29-30 January 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Third edition of the Computers, Privacy and Data Protection -
CPDP 2010 - An Element of Choice
6-7 February 2010, Brussels, Belgium
FOSDEM 2010
26-28 May 2010, Amsterdam, Netherlands
World Congress on Information Technology
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-12-16 19:46:13
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.24, 16 December 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.24, 16 December 2009
1. European Civil Society Data Protection Award launched by AEDH and EDRi
2. German Constitutional Court held hearing on data retention
3. Spain discusses shutting down websites without court order
4. The Netherlands promises transparancy regarding wiretapping
5. Future of MySQL investigated by the European Commission
6. EDPS worries about extended powers of agency running EC databases
7. The new Swedish anti-piracy law stirs things for file sharers
8. Italy: The Anopticon project - putting surveillance back in its place
9. ENDitorial: What the conquistadores can teach us about ACTA
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
Seasonal Greetings
EDRi sends to all its subscribers best wishes for the New Year and Happy
Christmas holidays !
The next issue of EDRi-gram, number 8.1, will be published on 13 January
1. European Civil Society Data Protection Award launched by AEDH and EDRi
AEDH (European Association for the Defence of Human rights) and EDRi
(European Digital Rights) is launching the first edition of the European
Civil Society Data Protection Award (ECSDPA). The prize aims at rewarding
positive initiatives contributing to the visibility and effectiveness of the
right to privacy and to the protection of personal data in Europe. The
ECSDPA prize will be awarded each year on 28 January, as a European Civil
Society contribution to the Data Protection Day.
Such achievements and initiatives have to enhance public awareness,
stimulate creative and constructive input and favour useful exchanges of
information at any level, from the very local neighbourhood to the whole
European continent.
The award is open to all non-governmental organisations, trade unions,
non-profit institutions and any other civil society actor from the 47 member
States of the Council of Europe. The ECSDPA winner will benefit from a one
week lobbying training in Brussels, travel expenses and lodging being fully
The ECSDPA initiative, the first of its kind, has been made possible thanks
to the support of The Law Science Technology & Society Research Group of the
Vrije Universiteit Brussel (LSTS/VUB) and The Flemish-Dutch House deBuren.
The deadline for submitting nominations is 15 January 2010. Nominations
should be sent to: nominations at ecsdpa dot org.
Operational details about the prize, including application and selection
Press release PDF Format (15.12.2009)
Press release in French: AEDH-EDRi Prix europien de la sociiti civile pour
la protection des donnies personnelles: L'Appel a nominations est ouvert
Press release in German: AEDH-EDRi European Civil Society Data Protection
Award: Aurfruf zur Nominierung / Einreichung
Press release in Spanish: Primera edicisn del Premio Europeo de la Sociedad
Civil a la Proteccisn de Datos Personales
Announcement in Dutch - Europese burgerrechtenorganisaties organiseren
positieve privacy-prijs
Call for ECSDPA - PDF format (15.12.2009)
2. German Constitutional Court held hearing on data retention
The German Constitutional Court held a hearing on 15 December 2009 in the
largest constitutional case ever regarding the local implementation of the
data retention law. The motion has been supported by over 34 000 people. The
law has already been limited by the court with two earlier interim measures.
The new Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger is in an awkward
position, as she has joined the action against the law as a member of the
opposition. But now she also needs to represent the Government in supporting
the law in front of the Court.
Constitutional Court President Hans-J|rgen Papier said at the beginning of
the hearing that the complaint raises fundamental questions about the
relationship between freedom and security.
During the hearing the Green Party politician Volker Beck, warned of a
"black day for the Magna Carta of privacy." Constanze Kurz of the
EDRi-member Chaos Computer Club warned about the potential abuses of the
retained data and that their combination with other data
could lead to a precise overview of every movement of the citizens. The
concerns were confirmed by the German Federal Data Protection Supervisor
Peter Schaar who explained that the mobile phone companies retained more
location data than just the network cell where the user was.
The hearing also included information from independent experts. The Dresden
computer science professor Andreas Pfitzmann explained how the retention of
communications data threatened and weakened significantly the democratic
For the constitutionality of the law spoke Christopher Moller,
representative of the Federal Government in the proceedings, who, however,
conceded that the legislation restricted the basic rights by the retention
of telecommunication data. The government representative was questioned by
the judges who were very critical to his assertions.
The Government representative was also backed by Police representatives who
showed examples when the law could be useful, and the representatives of the
Federal Music Industry and Association of German Publishers.
A verdict is expected from the court in two to three months.
Live coverage of the hearing (only in German, 15.12.2009)
Press release of the data retention working group (only in German,
Retention before the Federal Constitutional Court: Critical issues, serious
concerns (only in German, 15.12.2009)
Germany's largest-ever class action suit kicks off (15.12.2009)
3. Spain discusses shutting down websites without court order
Despite the recent statements of Spanish culture Minister Angeles
Gonzalez-Sinde and the warnings received from Commissioner Reding, the
Spanish Government announced at the beginning of December 2009 a proposal
that may lead to shutting down websites that offer P2P file sharing of music
and films, without the necessity of a court order.
The draft law for Sustainable Economy that may come into force in 2010, if
approved by the Parliament, includes a modification that introduces an
Intellectual Property Commission which will have the power to shut down web
sites considered as illegally sharing cultural copyrighted content.
The proposal has brought forth the vivid reaction of Internet users, media
representatives, bloggers, professionals and creators. The meeting that took
place on 3 December between the representatives of opponents to the draft
law and Sinde did not succeed in getting any results due to the large
differences of opinions.
Sinde continues to state that the proposed legislation will not target
individual Internet users who download material but web sites that illegally
offer the possibility of downloading copyrighted works and that in no case
would anyone's Internet connection be cut off. Prime Minister Jose Luis
Rodriguez Zapatero also stated the proposed legislation would not threaten
the freedom of expression and that it was not the intention of the
government to close down web sites.
According to the bill, the Intellectual Property Commission will have the
power to investigate complaints about Web sites offering the possibility of
P2P downloading and, in case it considers the respective websites make money
from other people's work, it may close them down. In order to find the sites
that infringe the law, the Commission may ask ISPs for the data they deem
necessary to identify the respective web sites and the ISPs will be obliged
to provide this information. Once the infringement considered proven, the
Commission will send warnings to the alleged infringers in order to cease
the downloading activity. And finally, if the web sites do not comply, the
Commission may require the blocking of the sites or the removal of the
illegally shared content.
The opponents of the bill accuse the Spanish Government of trying to create
a "Culture Police". "The page with most links to copyright-protected
content is Google. Are we going to close Google without a judicial order?"
asked Victor Domingo, president of the Spanish Association of Internet
Despite the Prime Minister's statement that web sites will not be
shut down without a court order and that the law will not address the
private individuals, several experts and legal advisers show that the draft
law contradicts him. In their opinion, the text of the draft law is
ambiguous, leaving very much room for interpretation. It also obliges the
Internet service operators to reveal information on their users that may
lead to blocking Internet connections or to finding out the entire one-year
downloading history of a user.
The large number of opponents have spontaneously created a manifesto against
the propose legislation which says amongst another things that "copyright
should not be placed above citizens' fundamental rights to privacy,
security, presumption of innocence, effective judicial protection and
freedom of expression" and that "the Internet must function freely and
without political interference spurred by interested sectors trying to
perpetuate an obsolete business model and to prevent human knowledge from
continuing to be free."
For the present, in Spain, downloading copyrighted material, although
illegal, it is not a criminal offence and the courts consider the law is
infringed only when the downloading is done for commercial profit.
Proposal of Web shutdown power angers Spanish Internet users (3.12.2009)
Dangerous Anti-sharing Law in Spain (3.12.2009)
The cultural "police" of the Internet will be born (only in Spanish,
The anti-downloading law revives the confrontation between the cultural
industry and the Internet community (only in Spanish, 2.12.2009)
The manifest "In the defence of the fundamental rights on the Internet"(in
Spanish, 2.12.2009)
We don't believe Zapatero (only in Spanish, 12.12.2009)
EDRi-gram: Spain warned by Commissioner Reding for cutting off Internet
access (2.12.2009)
4. The Netherlands promises transparancy regarding wiretapping
The Dutch Minister of Justice promised on 26 November 2009 at the request of
the Dutch Parliament to provide more transparency regarding wiretapping. The
Dutch government is placing relatively many taps on a per-capita basis,
compared to other countries. During a debate in the Parliament, members of
Parliament voiced their concerns on the lack of transparency and insisted on
more accountability.
In reaction, the Minister of Justice indicated firstly that the
government would provide information on how many internet-taps are
placed. It also promised to commission a report regarding the
effectiveness of wiretapping. The report will touch on whether the
amount of wiretaps is necessary, and to what extent the notification
obligation is being complied with. The notification obligation is the
obligation to inform persons that they have been tapped. The report will
also touch on how many times a request for authorisation to apply a
wiretap has been denied by the court.
Bits of Freedom, in preparation of the debate, wrote a paper
to members of Parliament, insisting on more accountability. The paper
was written with the aid of several volunteers.
Briefing Bits of Freedom to members of Parliament (only in Dutch,
(contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom - Netherlands)
5. Future of MySQL investigated by the European Commission
The acquisition of Sun Microsystems by Oracle is investigated by the
European Commission for its potential anti-competition effects, including
the future role of MySQL as an open source database software owned by
The debate between opponents and supporters of the merger has been tenser in
the past weeks, after Oracle called on its biggest customers to support its
position in the hearings at the European Commission, while the creator of
the MySQL Monty Widenius made a public appeal to the open source community
to reject the terms of this acquisition, unless Oracle commits to a series
of issues that will make sure MySQL will not die:
"So I just don't buy it that Oracle will be a good home for MySQL. A weak
MySQL is worth about one billion dollars per year to Oracle, maybe more. A
strong MySQL could never generate enough income for Oracle that they would
want to cannibalize their real cash cow. I don't think any company has ever
done anything like that."
Oracle attacked  on 14 December 2009 by making public a series of 10 public
commitments in order to asssure the public and the European Commission of
its firm decision to continue its investment in research for MySQL and "to
enhance MySQL in the future under the GPL."
The move appears to soften the position of the European regulators that will
decide at the end of January 2010 on this merger, after the US Department of
Justice has already confirmed the deal. The Commission states that the
"announcement by Oracle of a series of undertakings to customers, developers
and users of MySQL is an important new element to be taken into account in
the ongoing proceedings."
The critics haven't been convinced of the new commitments, with
Florian Mueller, an open critic of the deal, classifying them as "purely
cosmetic". He also pointed out that the 5-year limit for the Oracle's public
commitments is not enough.
Other members of the civil society have already backed the criticism to this
deal with a public letter of the Knowledge Ecology International, Richard
Stallman and EDRi-member Open Rights Group asking the Commission to block
the acquisition.
The letter addressed to the EC officials explains that "Oracle seeks to
acquire MySQL to prevent further erosion of its share of the market for
database software licenses and services, and to protect the high prices now
charged for its proprietary database software licenses and services.
If Oracle is allowed to acquire MySQL, it will predictably limit the
development of the functionality and performance of the MySQL software
platform, leading to profound harm to those who use MySQL software to power
Letter to the EC opposing Oracle's acquisition of MySQL (19.10.2009)
Oracle pledge pushes Sun deal forward (14.12.2009)
Monty says: Help Saving MySQL (12.12.2009)
Oracle's pledges on MySQL are 'purely cosmetic', say critics (14.12.2009)
Oracle users tell EU Sun deal not anticompetitive (10.12.2009)
6. EDPS worries about extended powers of agency running EC databases
Although not opposed to the creation by the European Commission of a
security agency that would be in charge of EU visa and asylum databases,
EDPS Peter Hustinx issued an opinion on 7 December 2009 showing his concern
related to the expansion of the agency powers.
The Commission has proposed the creation of an agency that would run the
databases used for the Schengen Information System (SIS II) on cross-border
travel within the EU, the Visa Information System and EURODAC, the asylum
seeker database.
Hustinx is worried because the Commission's proposal says that, besides
running the respective databases, the agency should also manage other
large-range IT projects. The EDPS believes that certain risks on the privacy
of individuals should be "sufficiently addressed in the founding legislative
instrument(s)," and urged the Commission to limit the powers of the agency.
"The creation of an Agency for such large-scale databases must be based on
legislation which is unambiguous about the competences and the scope of
activities of the Agency. Such clarity would prevent any future
misunderstanding about the conduct of the agency and avoid the risk of
function creep. As currently drafted, the proposals do not meet those
The EDPS's opinion is that entrusting more such large-scale IT projects to
the same body would increase the risk of mistakes and wrongful use of
personal data. "The total number of large-scale IT systems managed by one
and the same Agency should therefore be restricted to a number with which
the data protection safeguards can still sufficiently be assured. In other
words, the point of departure should not be to bring as many large-scale
IT-systems as possible under the operational management of one Agency."
The risk is even greater as in terms of interoperability "similar technology
will be used for all systems which can therefore easily be interconnected."
For the improvement of the EC proposal, the EDPS recommends the legislator
to clarify and decide whether the scope of activities of the Agency "should
potentially cover all large-scale IT systems developed in the area of
freedom, security and justice" and "to clarify the notion of large-scale IT
systems in relation to the establishment of the Agency, and make clear
whether it is limited to such systems which have as a feature the storage of
data in a centralised database for which the Commission or the Agency is
Huntinx also "encourages the legislator, in the context of the proposed
pilot schemes, to clarify the procedure which the Commission should follow
before requesting for a pilot scheme. According to the EDPS, such a
procedure should include an assessment, which might require a consultation
of the European Parliament and the EDPS, of the possible impact on data
protection of the initiative developed following such a request."
Security database super-agency's powers should be limited, says EU privacy
watchdog (8.12.2009)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor - on the proposal for a
Regulation establishing an Agency for the operational management of
large-scale IT systems in the area of freedom, security and
justice (7.12.2009)
EDPS sees advantages of new Agency for large-scale IT systems, but urges the
legislator to better define its scope of activities (7.12.2009)
7. The new Swedish anti-piracy law stirs things for file sharers
As already foreseen this summer, the Swedish recording industry is using the
new anti-piracy IPRED law to chase filesharers.
On 7 December 2009, the Swedish branch of the International Federation of
the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) filed a suit with the district court in
Stockholm against Direct Connect (DC) file sharing network, trying to force
the site to reveal the identity of a user suspected of illegal file sharing.
IPFI has investigated a number of file sharing cases until now but this is
the first case they have decided to go to court with. "We want to take one
at a time. It's a new law and we have to learn how to do this, what the
courts want in terms of evidence to be sure that they're not compromising
anyone's privacy," stated Ludvig Werner, head of IFPI in Sweden.
IFPI has decided to take DC to court although the network is no longer the
strongest on the market. "BitTorrent technology is superior for moving large
files, but DC is more of a social network. You connect to a hub and are
there throughout the day, chatting and exchanging files with one another,
sort of like a youth recreation centre on the internet, even if it's not
only young people who are there."
The dramatic 40% drop in the Internet traffic even the night before the law
entered into force on 1 April 2009 (according to the statistics of an ISP
coordination organisation) seemed to contradict the experts who had believed
IPRED would not have such a big effect on file sharing in Sweden.
Yet, after the serious decline in April, file sharing has gradually
recovered and in November the Internet traffic surpassed the previous
all-time high, reported in March. Certainly, there are other factors besides
file sharing that might have contributed to the increase of the traffic.
"There is guaranteed to be certain increase in file sharing, but it isn't
possible to tell exactly how much. (...) Then you have the illegal video
streaming sites, which aren't file sharing in the traditional sense, but
which play the same role for users. Watching a movie via a streaming video
directly in your web browser is becoming more and more popular" said
researcher Kristoffer Schollin. In his opinion, in time, these video
steaming sites might gain field in front of file sharing. Anyway, it appears
that file-sharing is still increasing.
Music industry to test Sweden's anti-piracy law (7.12.2009)
File sharing in Sweden nears record high (6.12.2009)
EDRi-gram: Swedish court: IP addresses are personal data (1.07.2009)
8. Italy: The Anopticon project - putting surveillance back in its place
Nowadays, CCTVs are the practical implementation of the "Panopticon",
theorised in 1791 by Jeremy Bentham as the "ideal prison", one that
keeps people in place by using their natural fear of being surveilled.
The Anopticon project is a reaction to the huge rise in CCTVs
installations in Italian cities.  Information on CCTVs - where they
are, what they point at, which area is being surveilled - is collected
by members of the project and put online, publicly accessible via
the "Big Brother Viewer".  The project has already concluded that a
large part of CCTVs does not provide the "information notice" required
by Legislative Decree 196/2003 (which implements the Data Protection
Directive in Italy).
The project started in Venice, but it soon spread to other cities including
Padova, Foggia, Urbino and Solero (Alessandria).  More and
more "anopticon groups" are born, to contribute to the Big Brother
map. Anyone from anywhere can join in.
The Anopticon project has also launched the "Denounce illegal CCTVs"
campaign: every surveillance device that does not respect Italian data
protection law (including the need for an "information notice") will
be signalled to the Italian Data Protection Authority, without
excluding formal complaints for the more powerful and invasive
surveillance systems such as the "Argos" and "Hydra" systems being
implemented in Venice which are able to automatically track the
movement of boats and people.
The Anopticon project - Big Brother Viewer
(contribution by Epto)
9. ENDitorial: What the conquistadores can teach us about ACTA
When the conquistadores arrived in the Americas, historians tell us that the
viruses that they carried caused devastation among the indigenous
populations. For the European invaders, who had been subject to the viruses
for longer, the illnesses, while still sometimes deadly, were less dangerous
than for populations that had not yet been exposed to them. With ACTA as the
future EU and US template for free trade agreements with countries around
the globe, is this the virus that risks killing free speech, democracy,
privacy and access to knowledge even more readily in developing countries
than in the countries where it was conceived?
Within the EU, a certain amount of resistance has been developed over the
years to excessive, destructive and anti-democratic attempts to strangle
fundamental principles of civil and human rights. For example, France's
original "HADOPI" proposal stumbled over the nation's constitution when it
attempted to overturn centuries of legal tradition by undermining the basic
principle of "innocent until proven guilty." Similarly, the European
Parliament, faced with the threats appearing in France, the UK and
elsewhere, defended the rights of citizens by squeezing every legally
possible guarantee out of the famous "amendment 138" in the telecoms
The UK, unfortunately, is still in a critical condition as its government
feverishly tries to destroy the concept of a free and open Internet with its
"Digital Britain" proposals. It remains to be seen whether that country's
democratic safeguards, such as its unwritten constitution and its Human
Rights Act will be enough to protect its citizens. Maybe it will be an
imaginative web 2.0 campaign by an opposition party in the upcoming national
elections that will create a flashmob of the polling stations to disconnect
politicians from office if they support narrow business interests ahead of
their voters' rights.
All of these protections are not available in many of the countries that the
EU and US would plan to reach free trade agreements with in the future -
agreements that will be based on ACTA. Measures like intermediary liability
take on a vastly different meaning in the absence of robust legal defences
of civil rights. What happens when Internet access providers are made liable
for illicit online content, when they are given an incentive to carry out
surveillance on their consumers in the absence of human rights law, in the
absence of privacy legislation, in the absence of a democratically-elected
government or in the absence of competition?
The EU and US will not wish to tie their own hands by demanding strict human
rights or privacy protections when imposing ACTA measures on other
countries. In any event, even if they wanted to, they could not replicate
Europe's experience of 50 years of human rights legislation. Once Internet
access providers have paid for the technology to filter and control their
consumers' access, the next logical step will be to monetise this control
through a non-neutral Internet - one which governments will also be tempted
to exploit in the same way as broadcast and print media are frequently
exploited to undermine democracy in many countries today.
Only months after entering into force, what will be left of the Lisbon
Treaty's goal of developing and consolidating "democracy and the rule of
law, and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms" if ACTA becomes
the vehicle for undermining civil liberties across the globe?
Digital Britain
Telecoms package overview
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Mobilizing to Stop ACTA (18.11.2009)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
10. Recommended Reading
Report of the 3rd PrivacyOS in Vienna
Web inventor: 'Snooping' authorities threaten Internet
11. Agenda
27-30 December 2009, Berlin, Germany
26th Chaos Communication Congress
20-22 January 2010, Namur, Belgium
The Conference for the 30th Anniversary of the CRID - An Information Society
for All : A Legal Challenge
29-30 January 2009, Turin, Italy
"Cultural Commons" - First International Workshop
29-30 January 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Third edition of the Computers, Privacy and Data Protection -
CPDP 2010 - An Element of Choice
5 February 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Big Brother Awards Netherlands 2010
Candidates for nominations until 12 January to:
kandidaten at bigbrotherawards.nl
6-7 February 2010, Brussels, Belgium
FOSDEM 2010
29-30 April 2010
EuroDIG 2010
26-28 May 2010, Amsterdam, Netherlands
World Congress on Information Technology
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-02-11 20:39:14
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.3, 11 February 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.3, 11 February 2009
1. Data retention directive has the correct legal basis
2. EU Commissioner: No to an Internet freedom law and Yes to net neutrality
3. Irish ISP settled to introduce 3 strikes
4. UK Government proposes increased data sharing
5. Romania: Protests against biometric passports
6. Data protection framework decision adopted
7. Protests against data retention in Bulgaria
8. An error margin of 2% in municipal elections ruled acceptable in Finland
9. Lack of coordination in European eID privacy features
10. Pirate Bay in legal battle with IFPI
11. House of Lords Constitution Committee report on surveillance and privacy
12. Big Brother Awards 2009 Ceremony in Bulgaria
13. Recommended Action
14. Recommended Reading
15. Agenda
16. About
1. Data retention directive has the correct legal basis
On 10 February 2009 the European Court of Justice (ECJ) decided that the
data retenion directive was correctly adopted on the basis of the EC Treaty
as it relates predominantly to the functioning of the internal market.
This was the conclusion of the court in the suit that Ireland, supported by
Slovakia, started against the European Parliament asking the Court of
Justice to annul the directive grounds of inappropriate legal basis. Ireland
sustained that the directive could not be based on Article 95 EC since its
"centre of gravity" does not concern the functioning of the internal market
but rather the investigation, detection and prosecution of crime, and that
measures of this kind ought therefore to have been adopted on the basis of
the articles of the EU Treaty related to police and judicial cooperation in
criminal matters.
The Court decided that it was necessary to adopt the directive on the basis
of Article 95 EC. It underlined that the data retention directive amended
the provisions of the directive on the protection of privacy in the
electronic communications sector, which is itself based on Article 95 EC. At
the same time, the Court found that the provisions of the directive are
essentially limited to the activities of service providers and do not govern
access to data or the use thereof by the police or judicial authorities of
the Member States. The measures provided for by the directive do not, in
themselves, involve intervention by the police or law-enforcement
authorities of the Member States.
But the Court did not tackle the intriquate issue of the privacy because
"the action brought by Ireland relates solely to the choice of legal basis
and not to any possible infringement of fundamental rights arising from
interference with the exercise of the right to privacy contained in
Directive 2006/24."
This also means that the Court could have a future case based on the privacy
breach of the Data Retention Directive, reffered from a national court. Such
a case could be the one started by EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland or the
German Constitutional case initiated by the German Working Group on Data
The Working Group has already stated, after the ECJ decision, that they
remain confident that future action on privacy grounds would be succesfull:
"The ruling only concerns the formal matter of the correct legal basis and
does not address the violation of human rights by the unwarranted
registration of the entire population's telecommunications behaviour and
movements", commented Werner H|lsmann of the Working Group. "The 34 000
plaintiffs in the German suit against data retention have applied to the
German Constitutional Court to seek a separate ruling by the European Court
of Justice on the compatibility of data retention with human rights."
Case Ireland vs European Parliament (10.02.2009)
The data retention directive is founded on an appropriate legal basis
After ruling on data retention: activists remain confident (10.02.2009)
2. EU Commissioner: No to an Internet freedom law and Yes to net neutrality
The intentions of some European Parliament members (MEPs) to introduce in EU
a similar law with the Global Online Freedom Act proposed by the US Congress
in January 2007, was considered unnecessary and a too "hard law" by
Commissioner Viviane Reding.
The US bill is meant to promote freedom of speech on the Internet and
prevent US companies from being forced to act like "cyber police". Some MEPs
are on the opinion that EU should follow US example and try to counterattack
the actions of several states that have increased the control and censoring
of the Internet thus violating citizens' human rights.
However, Reding's opinion is that such a law, involving export controls,
civil and criminal penalties and the creation of a specific EU body
controlling European Internet companies with operations abroad, would be too
hard and not really efficient.
"Rather, our goal should be to find ways to allow operators and service
providers to respect human rights without doing either," said Reding on a
speech delivered on 2 February 2009 during an international conference on
the future of the Internet.
With a completely opposed position that she had last year when she supported
the three-strike measures, Reding pleaded now for the openness of the
Internet and for net neutrality. "(...) we will only be able to reap the
full social and economic benefits of a fast moving technological landscape
if we manage to safeguard the openness of the Internet. Openness is one of
the key ingredients that made the Internet so successful as an innovation
place, and we have to make sure that it is not compromised" she said. "Net
Neutrality has to be guaranteed. New network management techniques allow
traffic prioritisation. These tools may be used to guarantee good quality of
service but could also be used for anti-competitive practices. The
Commission has taken additional steps, through measures proposed to reform
our telecom package, to better prevent such unfair abuse to the detriment of
consumers" added Reding.
Reding also talked in favour of open standards: "We need to take advantage
of the win-win of open interfaces and standards such that the market can
grow for all. Dominant players may try to use proprietary standards to lock
consumers into their products or to extract very high royalties, ultimately
stifling innovation and foreclosing market entry by new players."
In the Commissioner's opinion, financial investments could be used for the
research and development of anti-censorship software. "In these times of
economic downturn, it is also our responsibility to invest in promising
technologies that will give us the much needed competitive edge that will
accelerate the economic recovery."
EU media chief rules out Internet freedom law (3.02.2009)
Vivian Reding's Speech - Internet of the future: Europe must be a key
player - Future of the Internet initiative of the Lisbon Council (2.02.2009)
3. Irish ISP settled to introduce 3 strikes
The case introduced by IRMA (Irish Recorded Music Industry) against Irish
ISP Eircom through which Eircom was required to block P2P filesharing by
applying a filtering system to its network, was settled outside the court
room. The music industry decided to drop the action provided Eircom
introduces a "three strikes" system where users accused of filesharing by
the industry would be disconnected after two warning letters.
Eircom is pleased with the settlement as it does not risk breaching privacy
laws by providing to the music industry details about its subscribers and
because it does not have to add software to its network that might
interfere with its broadband service. Acording to the settlement, the record
companies will provide Eircom with the IP addresses of persons they detect
to illegally upload or download copyright works. Based on this information,
basically, the three steps the ISP has to take are:
1) to inform its subscribers that their IP address has been detected
infringing copyright;
2) to warn the respective subscriber that he (she) will be disconnected
unless the infringement ceases and
3) in case of non-compliance by the above warned subscriber, the respective
subscriber will be disconnected.
According to EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland, this agreement is wrong
from many points of view: it is unreliable, secret, undemocratic and
disproportionate. First of all, MediaSentry, the company used by the music
industry until now to identify filesharers is a company which has been
recently found as operating illegally in several US states and that has a
track record of false accusations. Although the music industry has turned to
Danish firm Dtecnet, the process is still unreliable. The settlement is also
private to the parties and the music industry and Eircom will be the only
ones to decide, judge and execute. It is also undemocratic because the
3-strikes model was not discussed like in other European countries with
public input through public consultation and legislatures. And it is
disproportionate as with the present extent of the Internet, third innocent
parties may be affected in the process as Internet connections are not
generally unique to an individual.
The agreement is also bad news for Eircom's customers who will not
be able to take action when accused of an infringement. Three accusations
from a group of third parties will be enough to terminate an Internet
connection. What it will also happen is that Eircom will have to modify its
terms of service for all its current customers without providing a legal
basis for a unilateral change of contract.
The three strikes process in this case is procedurally unfair. The music
industry has tried to gain some points realizing this may be its only hope
as automatic filtering and suing customers would not work.
The record companies represented in the case, EMI, Sony, Universal and
Warner, have agreed to take "all necessary steps" to get similar agreements
with all ISPs in Ireland. It remains to see whether other ISPs will defend
better their users' rights.
Internet users face shutdown over illegal music downloads (29.01.2009)
Three unproven accusations and you're out - why the Eircom / IRMA deal is
bad for internet users (29.01.2009)
Irish ISP Agrees to Three Strikes Against Its Customers (28.01.2009)
Ireland: Copyright Filtering Case Settles out of Court (29.01.2009)
"Three strikes" for Ireland - Eircom, music industry settle filtering case
EDRIgram: Ireland: Music industry sues ISP, demands filtering (12.03.2008)
4. UK Government proposes increased data sharing
The UK Minsitry of Justice introduced in January 2009, in the House of
Commons the Coroners and Justice Bill which, among other things, amends the
Data Protection Act 1998 and enables increased personal data sharing among
governmental bodies.
The Bill empowers ministers to make orders that override data protection,
allowing the use for other purposes of information collected for a specific
purpose. Moreover, it gives the Secretary of State the right to remove "an
existing legal barrier to data sharing".
"Rather than protecting our personal information, as it should be, the
government is cutting away safeguards for its own data-trafficking
convenience. This is a Bill to smash the rule of law and build the database
state in its place. Burying sweeping constitutional change in obscure Bills
is an appalling approach. Having proved - and admitted - they cannot be
trusted to look after our secrets, they are still determined to steal what
privacy we have left. Parliament needs to wake up before it has no say any
more," commented Phil Booth, National Coordinator of lobby group NO2ID.
What basically the bill says regarding data sharing is that UK Government
will have the right to decide if and to whom personal data can be provided.
The Bill is a mix of several provisions, many unrelated, which will make
things difficult for the debates in the Parliament. The risk is that serious
issues may be passed without proper debate just because the Parliament may
lack the necessary time.
"This is the forty-eighth criminal justice bill under this Government and it
already amends provisions not yet in force from the last Bill, enacted only
eight months ago. Once again Ministers have produced a rag-bag of measures.
While some are welcome others, including the resurrection of plans for
secret inquests, we have serious concerns about," said Shadow Justice
Secretary Dominic Grieve.
The Bill was voted at the Second Reading on 26 January 2009 to be sent to a
Public Bill Committee and is being now analyzed clause by clause.
Coroners and Justice Bill 2008-09
Government grants itself even more data sharing power (5.12.2009)
Chaotic Coroners and Justice Bill reels into view (22.01.2009)
House of Commons Coroners and Justice Bill (14.01.2009)
Coroners and Justice Bill - destroying data protection (23.01.2009)
5. Romania: Protests against biometric passports
A few hundred Romanians gathered on 1 February 2009 to protest against the
introduction of the obligatory biometric passports starting with the
beginning of 2009.
The event comes after the first passports with biometric identifiers
(including fingerprints) were issued at the end of January in the county of
Ilfov, as a first implementation in the country. The decision was heavily
contested by several prominent members of the Orthodox Church that consider
it as the first step towards the introduction of biometric identifiers in
all ID cards, which is a direct action against freedom of religion and
freedom of expression or the right to a private life.
A few civil society pro-orthodox groups, gathered under the name "Coalition
against the Police State", started on online petition, with more than 15 000
signatures, calling for a stop to the biometric passports and biometric
driving licences, until the situation has been properly explained by the
authorities. The coalition also organized the event on 1 February in front
of the Patriarchy Palace and announced that one lawyer started a civil
action in court in order to stop the Government Decision that allows the
issuing of the biometric passports.
The people protesting presented banners stating: "Let us choose!" or
"Support the Church ! Refuse the implant!". Several speakers expressed their
concern that imposing obligatory biometric IDs is an attempt to make humans
same as cattle as a first step to Total Control from the state. Others have
considered that the new electronic chip contains the number 666, which, in
their opinion, means the first step towards the Apocalypse. The extreme
right-wing party Noua Dreapta has joined the demonstration with their
specific flags.
The Romanian Patriarchy Orthodox Church refused to publicly support the
events, calling for calm and prayers, but at the same time asked the
Romanian Government more information regarding the new biometric
passports. An official opinion should be issued after their meeting in 27-28
February 2009.
A similar event on 4 February organized by the Coalition against the Police
State gathered more than 100 persons with images with politicians looking
like sheep. The organizers protested about the fact that no public debate
was intiated by the Government in order to asses the social, economical and
religious impact of the decision to have obligatory biometric passports.
In both events the participants also protested against the new law on data
retention, explained as the law that will permit authorities to "record and
keep all the electronic communications of the Romanian citizens."
Another civil society organization - Civil Society Commissariat announced
that it has sued its own telecom provider Orange  to oblige it to respect
the contractual obligations regarding the confidentiality of the
communications.Thus, the provider should not implement the data retention
law. The organization wants to use this opportunity to challenge the law to
the Constitutional Court based on the right to privacy.
Protest of several NGOs to the introduction of chips in IDs (only in
Romanian, 1.02.2009)
Government - accused by hundreds of christens that it has started the
apocalypse of the Passport Chip (only in Romanian, 1.02.2009)
Photos from the 1.02.2009 event (2.02.2009)
Romanian Petition against biometric passports
The Civil Society Commisariat asks the annulment of the law on telephony
data retention (only in Romanian, 4.02.2009)
EDRi-gram: Romania: Is really privacy a topic in the public debate?
6. Data protection framework decision adopted
After several years of discussions and debates with the EU bodies, the
Framework Decision on the protection of personal data processed in the
framework of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters was adopted
by the Council and published in the Official Journal on 30 December 2008.
The decision is the first horizontal data protection instrument in the field
of personal data used by police and judicial authorities and its main
purpose is the establish a common level of privacy protection and a high
level of security when exchanging personal data.
The European Parliament has already been consulted twice on data protection
framework decision: once in September 2006 and a second time in June 2007.
After a deadlock in the Council on this decision, a new version of the text
was subject to a renewed consultation based on the political agreement
reached by the Council on 11 December 2007. The European Parliament adopted,
by 600 votes in favour, the new text with several amendments.
Some of the changes made by the Parliament, such as references to
Convention 108 (Council of Europe Convention for the Protection of
Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data), inclusion
of the national data processing or creation of the Working Party on the
Protection of Individuals with regard to the Processing of Personal Data,
were not retained by the Council. The Council of the European Union adopted
the framework decision in its meeting on 27-29 November 2008 and the final
text was published on the Official Journal as the Council Framework Decision
The Framework Decision is thus applicable to cross-border exchanges of
personal data within the framework of police and judicial cooperation. The
instrument contains rules applicable to onward transfers of personal data to
third countries and to the transmission to private parties in Member States.
The decision also allows the EU states to have higher-level safeguards for
protecting personal data than those established in this act.
The European Data Protection (EDPS) welcomed the adoption of this
first general data protection instrument in the EU third pillar,
though seeing it "only as a first step". He declared that
"unfortunately, the level of data protection achieved in the final
text is not fully satisfactory". Peter Hustinx regrets in particular
that the Framework Decision does not apply to Member State domestic
data. The Framework Decision indeed only covers police and judicial
data exchanged between Member States, EU authorities and systems,
which explicitely excludes such exchanges as the transfer of
Passenger Name Records (PNR) data to US authorities.
The Decision needs to be implemented by the EU member countries by 27
November 2010,  by taking the necessary measures, including designating one
or more public authorities that should be responsible for advising and
monitoring the application within its territory.
Council Framework Decision 2008/977/JHA of 27 November 2008 on the
protection of personal data processed in the framework of police and
judicial cooperation in criminal matters (30.12.2008)
2908th meeting of the Council - Justice and Home Affairs (27-28.11.2008)
European Parliament - Legislative Observatory - Framework Decision on the
protection of personal data processed in the
framework of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters
EDPS Press release - "EDPS sees adoption of Data Protection Framework  for
police and judicial cooperation only as a first step" (28.11.2008)
EDRi-gram: Update on a Council Framework Decision on the protection of
personal data (20.06.2007)
7. Protests against data retention in Bulgaria
After the decision at the end of last year when the Bulgarian Supreme
Administrative Court (SAC) annulled article 5 of the national legislation
that implements the Data retention Directive, new initiatives by the
Bulgarian authorities raise concerns in relation with data retention.
Thus, in 2009, only a few days before the Parliamentary Transport and
Communications Commission meeting, a proposal for changes in the Digital
Messages Act was submitted by the Interior Ministry, copying the Data
Retention Regulation, including the articles abolished by the SAC.
Several civil society NGOs, including Electronic Frontier Bulgaria and the
Association for Electronic Communications, alarmed the media and met Members
of the Parliament just to explain what the situation was.
At the meeting of the Commission it became clear that the Interior Ministry
has submitted a new proposal with many other dangerous issues:
- It is not clear if the information can be used and processed only in
case of severe crimes;
- Data from communications should be kept for 2 years;
- There are no guarantees for the deletion of the data;
- It is not possible for the citizens to see what kinds of data are being
kept and who and for what purpose is using them;
- There is no punishment whatsoever for misuse of these data.
The text was approved by the Commission after an hour of senseless
discussions with most of the "against" arguments disapproved. Now, the final
decision remains will be taken by a plenary meeting of the Bulgarian
Electronic Frontier Bulgaria started a campaign against the new provisions,
joining the protests in Sofia and Varna and participated in all media
coverage for discusssions on the hot data retention topic and its problems.
Fight for Rights and Differences - What is Going on with the Internet
Bugging (3.02.2009)
Digital rights facts from Bulgaria 2008 (23.01.2009)
Bogomil Shopov: Fighting for digital rights in Bulgaria and beyond
EDRi-gram: Bulgarian Court annuls a vague article of the data retention law
(thanks to Bogomil Shopov - Electronic Frontier Bulgaria)
8. An error margin of 2% in municipal elections ruled acceptable in Finland
Earlier last year, EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland (Effi) reported
of the Finnish e-voting pilot which took place in three Finnish
municipalities on 26 October 2008. 232 votes were lost due to various
usability and apparent performance issues. Additionally, there is risk of a
breach of the anonymity of the votes, because the electronic ballot box has
been archived with information on who voted and how. The e-voting project
had been strongly criticised by Effi from its inception for its lack of
transparency both in the process and software.
A report from the Council of Europe on 1 December 2008 stated that "[t]he
Finnish electronic voting did not conclude in a way which satisfies the
fundamental principles for democratic elections, in particular the principle
of universal suffrage". The Ministry of Justice performed an internal audit,
and reported on 10 December that the audit found deficiencies in project
However, on 29 January 2009, the Helsinki administrative court ruled
that the elections met the requirements of the Finnish election law,
and therefore the municipal decisions to confirm the election results were
not overturned. The court's main argument was that a failure rate of
slightly over 2 percent does not, as such, indicate that the election
authorities would have acted in error. As for the voter anonymity, the court
rejected the complaint because a breach of voter secrecy could, in practice,
happen only through "unlawful and at the same time, even criminal"
The original complainants will most likely appeal to the supreme
administrative court. A final decision is to be expected around May 2009.
Finnish e-voting fiasco: votes lost (28.10.2008)
Electronic Frontier Finland report on the deficiencies of the system
Council of Europe report on the Finnish e-voting pilot (2-3.12.2008)
Ministry of Justice press release on the internal audit (only in Finnish,
Original complaint to the administrative court (only in Finnish, 12.11.2008)
Effi press release on the Helsinki administrative court ruling (in Finnish)
Court ruling (only in Finnish, 29.01.2009)
(contribution by EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland )
9. Lack of coordination in European eID privacy features
The EU funded European Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA)
issued, on 27 January 2009, its Position Paper on security features in
European eID schemes, showing a large disparity between the various systems
which might affect their usefulness.
The paper is an analysis of 10 ID card systems already used in EU and 13
under development. The eID cards are presently used mainly in relation to
tax declarations and other e-Gov services with some applications in the
commercial sector as well, but their application will largely extend in the
future. The study shows that Europe has no coordinated strategy to protect
the private data stored on the cards which leads to their lack of
interoperability and to reluctance in accepting them by potential users.
"Privacy features have been developed, implemented and tested at a national
level and there is no co-ordinated strategy at a European level as to which
features should be implemented and how they should be implemented. (...) The
lack of co-ordination is an important obstacle to any possible cross-border
interoperability of eID card schemes. (...) (This is) important in order to
create the necessary trust in the users of such schemes - any cross-border
scheme only offers as much protection as its weakest participating member:
If just one participating country offers what is generally considered to be
inadequate privacy protection, the citizens of the other countries are not
likely to accept any cross-border interoperability scheme which puts their
data at more risk than their national scheme."
ENISA report shows that the lack of coordination in privacy controls all
over these systems will affect the usefulness of the cards. "Privacy is an
area where the member states' approaches differ a lot and European eID will
not take off unless we get this right. Europe needs to reflect on eID
privacy and its role in the interoperability puzzle. The fundamental human
right to privacy must be guaranteed for all European eID card holders," said
ENISA executive director Andrea Pirotti.
The paper presents the implementation of privacy-enhancing technologies in
existing and planned European eID card specifications, analyses in detail
eleven risks to personal privacy resulting from the use of national schemes
and lists eight practicable techniques available to address and solve these
risks. The present situation of privacy features available for the existing
cards is shown by means of eight comparison charts that can represent a good
reference in the identification of best practices in the domain.
"A lot of very practical techniques exist to protect the citizen's privacy
and, from the survey of available techniques in this paper, it is possible
to identify a set of best practice guidelines for the protection of personal
data in national eID card schemes," says the report.
ENISA report was designed to give policymakers the information necessary to
improve the present situation, providing a first comprehensive overview of
the status in Europe.
Citizen data protection in focus - ENISA on privacy in national eID cards:
Europe needs a strategy (3.02.2009)
ENISA Position Paper: Privacy Features of Europen eID card specifications
Disparate privacy features devalue ID cards, warns EU security agency
10. Pirate Bay in legal battle with IFPI
The war between IFPI and the Pirate Bay continues with a new banning of the
site in Denmark ruled by a Danish court at the beginning of February this
Exactly a year ago, in February 2008, following an IFPI action, a Danish
court ruled that Tele2 had to block its users from accessing The Pirate Bay.
Now, the court has issued a preliminary injunction against DMT meaning that
all ISPs owned by DMT have to deny their users' access to The Pirate Bay.
Also, in January 2009, TDC, the largest Danish ISP and owner of most of the
cables, decided to block access to the Swedish site as a preventive measure.
However, ISPs are not happy with the decision and three of them, TDC, Telia
and Telenor have announced their intention to go with the matter to the
Supreme Court arguing they should not be held responsible for the potential
copyright infringement of their subscribers. "Accessing The Pirate Bay is
not in itself a violation of copyright" said Jens Ottosen of Telia. He also
added: "We make access possible for our subscribers, and they have to decide
if it is illegal. It is not our task. If so, we also contribute to
illegalities on YouTube, Myspace and Google."
In case ISPs' action does not succeed in reversing the Danish court ruling,
the Pirate Bay itself is now considering suing IFPI. "They have had a
monopoly on distribution and we're breaking that monopoly, and in turn they
sue people that allow access to our distribution method," told Peter Sunde,
co-founder of The Pirate Bay to TorrentFreak. The Pirate Bay team considers
IFPI's action is not only an inefficient attempt to censor Internet, but
rather a personal vendetta against Pirate Bay.
Until then, the Pirate Bay is facing the big trial that will take place in
Sweden, at Stockholm's District Court, on 16 February where IFPI is one of
the parts.
The Pirate Bay is asking for a very open, public trial. Pirate Bay
co-founder Fredrik Neij has asked for a much large trial room considering
the case as one of the biggest political cases in recent times. "I NEED
a room for at least 150 people, 20 reserved for the family and 80 to 100
reserved for the press and public. It need not be in the same room, but we
need several rooms REQUIRING video too, not just sound," he asked. Also
co-founder Peter Sunde said he wanted the case to be transmitted life on the
web. "We want to show how it works. Cards on the table, everything should be
Danish ISPs to Fight the Pirate Bay Block (5.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay Plans to Sue IFPI (6.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay Demand Webcast of Trial (7.02.2009)
EDRIgram: PirateBay - blocked in Denmark (13.02.2008)
11. House of Lords Constitution Committee report on surveillance and privacy
The report Surveillance: Citizens and the State recently issued by the House
of Lords Constitution Committee supports privacy and considers executive and
legal limits must be imposed to surveillance and data collection.
The report is a positive step in the promotion of individual freedom and
liberty and offers some recommendations in this direction.
One of the recommendations, following a suggestion from the UK Computing
Research Committee's, is that the encryption of personal data should be
mandatory in some circumstances and that the Government should introduce
appropriate regulations in this sense. "We believe that encryption has a
vital role to play in ensuring the security of data, and that the Government
should insist upon its use as appropriate throughout the public and private
sectors," says the report.
It also mentions that with the large majority of data loss cases occurred in
UK there had been no reference to data encryption which would have
diminished the potential impact of the losses. Even in cases when the data
were encrypted, unfortunately the password was attached to the storage
device or even lost.
Encryption company PGP Corporation also believes "More needs to be done to
educate staff on the importance of safeguarding information." According to a
research conducted by privacy research firm the Ponemon Institute on behalf
of PGP, the average cost of a single lost record is almost 70 euro. Phil
Dunkelberger, chief executive of PGP stated that "organisations are taking
desperate measures to preserve their reputation and retain customers; this
study shows they simply cannot afford to lose out to competitors as a result
of poor data security."
The Constitution Committee also recommended in its report that the data
controllers should be fined for "deliberately or recklessly breaching the
data protection principles".
A very important recommendation is that DNA profiles of non-convicted people
should not be retained in the National DNA Database (NDNAD). "We expect the
Government to comply fully, and as soon as possible, with the judgment of
the European Court of Human Rights in the case of S. and Marper v. the
United Kingdom, and to ensure that the DNA profiles of people arrested for,
or charged with, a recordable offence but not subsequently convicted are not
retained on the NDNAD for an unlimited period of time."
The Committee believes that the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act
(RIPA) should be clarified recommending the Government to introduce "a
system of judicial oversight for surveillance carried out by public
authorities, and that individuals who have been made the subject of
surveillance be informed of that surveillance, when completed, where no
investigation might be prejudiced as a result. We recommend that
compensation should be available to those subject to unlawful surveillance
by the police, intelligence services, or other public bodies acting under
the powers conferred by the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000."
The report also recommends that the Government consultation on proposed
changes for RIPA 2000 should "consider whether local authorities, rather
than the police, are the appropriate bodies to exercise such powers" having
in view that there have been cases when local authorities misused the
surveillance powers granted in RIPA. "These cases demonstrate that the
regulatory controls introduced at the time are insufficient." If the local
authorities are found to be the right bodies to exercise the powers given by
RIPA, the report recommends that these " Government take steps to ensure
that these powers are only exercised where strictly necessary, and in an
appropriate and proportionate manner."
The report also acknowledges the necessity of an independent review of the
CCTV benefits and effectiveness in stopping, detecting and investigating
crime and calls for a legally binding code of practise in using CCTV by
private and public bodies. "The government has been clear that where
surveillance or data collection will impact on privacy they should only be
used where it is necessary and proportionate. The key is to strike the right
balance between privacy, protection and sharing of personal data," says the
The general message of the report is that the UK society witnesses
a very high level of surveillance affecting privacy and private life. "The
expansion in the use of surveillance represents one of the most significant
changes in the life of the nation since the end of the Second World War.
Mass surveillance has the potential to erode privacy. As privacy is an
essential pre-requisite to the exercise of individual freedom, its erosion
weakens the constitutional foundations on which democracy and good
governance have traditionally been based in this country."
Following this report, the Government is to provide a written response
within the next two months. Further on a debate will be scheduled in the
Lords Constitution Committee report on surveillance and privacy (6.02.2009)
Constitution Committee - Second Report
Surveillance: Citizens and the State (21.01.2009)
Lords say surveillance society erodes foundations of UK (6.02.2009)
Data breach costs rise to  per record, say researchers (5.02.2009)
12. Big Brother Awards 2009 Ceremony in Bulgaria
On 28 January 2009, Access to Information Programme and EDRi-member Internet
Society - Bulgaria organized the fourth Big Brother Awards ceremony in
Bulgaria. It was held at the National Press center of the Bulgarian News
Agency and was also broadcasted live online.
The awardees of the Big Brother Award were selected by a jury with the
following members:
* Alexander Kashumov - Head of AIP legal team
* Gergana Jouleva, PhD - Executive Director of AIP
* Georgi Lozanov - Ass. Professor at the Journalism Department at the
   Sofia University
* Krasimir Dimitrov - Member of the the Data Protection Commission
* Fany Davidova - Lawyer at AIP
* Dessi Greve - Project Manager, Internet Society Bulgaria
During 2008 several public and private institutions have become
particularly notorious for violating privacy rights in Bulgaria: The
Ministry of Interior, State Agency on Information Technologies and
Communication, the State Agency for National Security, the Social
Support Agency, Metro Cash and Carry Bulgaria, the Chain store 2be,
M-tel mobile operator, the United Bulgarian Bank and CEZ Distrubution
Bulgaria were among the nominations this year.
The winner of the Big Brother Award 2009 became the Ministry of Internal
affairs for a systematic violation of the privacy of life in 2008.
Photos from the ceremony (28.01.2009)
BBA Bulgaria 2009 (only in Bulgarian)
Live broadcast BBA Bulgaria 2009
(contribution by EDRi-member ISOC Bulgaria)
13. Recommended Action
Reject the Term Extension Directive
The European Parliament is being asked to nearly double the term of
copyright afforded to sound recordings. Industry lobbyists suggest that
extending copyright term will help increase the welfare of performers and
session musicians. But the Term Extension Directive, which will be voted on
by the Legal Affairs Committee in a few weeks' time, will do no such thing.
Instead it will hand millions of euros over to the world's four major record
labels, money that will come directly from the pockets of European
consumers.The majority (80%) of recording artists will receive between
0.50 - 26 euro per year.
EU proposal puts confidential communications data at risk
Civil liberties groups La Quadrature du Net, European Digital Rights (EDRi),
AK Vorrat, and Netzpolitik.org are urging the European Parliament to heed
advice given by the European Data Protection Supervisor Peter Hustinx and
scrap plans dubbed "voluntary data retention".
14. Recommended Reading
Online consultation comments on the staff paper "Early Challenges to the
Internet of Things". EDRi contributed to the discussion via the RFID Expert
The preparation of the final communication by the COM is still ongoing.
15. Agenda
18-20 March 2008, Prague, Czech Republic
The Responsibilities of Content Providers and Users
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
23 March 2008, Berlin, Germany
German-French Experts Meeting on Technologies for
Electronic Identification
27-29 March 2009, Manchester, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property - An International Interdisciplinary
1-3 April 2009, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2009 "Shift happens"
Subconference: 2nd European Privacy Open Space
21-23 April 2009, Winchester, UK
BILETA 2009 Annual Conference
Call for Papers by 28 February 2009
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
Call for papers, deadline 13 March 2009
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
Call for papers by 27 February 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
16. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-02-25 22:42:48
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.4, 25 February 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.4, 25 February 2009
1. Data protection authorities support civil society on the Telecom Package
2. The trial of The Pirate Bay in Sweden
3. Lex Nokia storms into the Finnish Parliament
4. Italy to enforce a global censorship legislation?
5. Norwegian group joins Sweden-based Justice Center against Swedish FRA law
6. European Commission disbanded data protection experts group
7. Romanian data retention law suspendend by the Government
8. HADOPI law close of creating a dangerous precedent
9. UK Government ignores the European Commission regarding Phorm
10. EDRi participates in European project on raising privacy awareness
11. ENDitorial: Privacy in the Czech Republic - nothing to celebrate
12. Recommended Action
13. Recommended Reading
14. Agenda
15. About
1. Data protection authorities support civil society on the Telecom Package
The Article 29 Working Group and the European Data Protection Supervisor
have issued public statement supporting some of the arguments of the civil
society, including EDRi, made in the recent open letter sent to the European
Parliament on 17 February 2009 and in the campaign against "voluntary data
The open letter underlines the signatories' concerns related to those
amendments of the Telecoms Package which might affect the Internet and
Internet users, by targeting the open and non-discriminatory access
features. Thus the fundamental users' rights such as privacy and freedom of
speech are put in jeopardy.
The Article 29 adopted on 10 February Opinion 1/2009 on the
proposals amending the e-Privacy Directive, acknowledging its concerns
regarding the present article 6 a) that "might lend legitimacy to large
scale deployment of deep packet inspection both in the network and in user
equipment such as ADSL boxes, while the current legal framework already
details the cases in which traffic data may be processed for security
Considering that "the wording proposed by the Commission establishes beyond
all doubt that the processing of traffic data falls within the scope of the
Data Protection Directive", the working group decided that the Article 6(6a)
is unnecessary.
A similar opinion is supported by the European Data Protection Supervisor's
comments on some issues in the review of the Universal Service
Directive. According to the text "he is concerned about the implementation
of traffic management policies that require the monitoring of Internet usage
and interception without appropriate data protection safeguards," and
concludes that "Article 5 of the ePrivacy Directive applies whenever traffic
management policies entail interception or surveillance of Internet usage.
Therefore, to avoid confusion, it seems only just and reasonable to
recognise that pursuant to this article informed consent from users is
In the same document, EDPS tackles the 3 strikes procedure and considers as
unfortunate its possible introduction in the Telecom package and notes that
"it would have been preferable if the European Parliament had not given up
to pressure by laying down the foundation for a three strikes approach and
if all these issues had been addressed separately in different legal
instruments, after careful analysis and debate."
The EDPS supports the civil society in calling upon decision makers to
re-introduce Amendment 138 and Article 32a of the Universal Service
Directive that would strengthen the safeguards towards ensuring the
protection of individuals' rights, including the right to data protection
and privacy and due process.
The Article 29's Opinion also tackles other aspects regarding the
e-Privacy directive. Thus the document strongly supports "an extension of
personal data breach notifications to Information Society Services (...)
given the ever increasing role these services play in the daily lives of
European citizens." This resonates with the initial Amendments of the
European Parliament or with Peter Hustinx's public comments, who explains
why the position of the Commission and the Council is not enough to protect
the citizens in the online world:
"That restriction means European citizens would only be alerted if their
internet access or telephone company suffers security breaches. If their
online bank is hacked or its security systems are cracked, enabling the
unauthorised access to bank account information, citizens might not be
So, unless the amendments proposed by the European Parliament are adopted by
the Council, online banks and other e-businesses would be off the hook."
The Article 29 Working Group has also re-emphasised its earlier opinion
"that unless the service provider is in a position to distinguish with
absolute certainty that the data correspond to users that cannot be
identified, it will have to treat all IP information as personal data, to be
on the safe side". Thus the WG agrees with the Commission that a substantive
provision of a directive is not the most suitable way of addressing this
issue, and that a reporting obligation referring to "purposes not covered by
this Directive" is not appropriate.
Open letter to the European Parliament - Telecom Package (17.02.2009)
EU proposal puts confidential communications data at risk (28.02.2009)
All data breaches must be made public (29.01.2009)
Opinion 1/2009 on the proposals amending Directive 2002/58/EC on privacy and
electronic communications (e-Privacy Directive) (10.02.2009)
EDPS comments on some issues in the review of the Directive 2002/22/EC
(Universal Service) (16.02.2009)
EDRi-gram: Data breach notification - different opinions in EU bodies ?
2. The trial of The Pirate Bay in Sweden
The big, long and extremely mediatized trial filed on 31 January 2008 by
Swedish prosecutors against the four Pirate Bay founders for "promoting
other people's infringements of copyright laws" started at Stockholm's
District Court, on 16 February 2009.
The first day of the trial was dedicated to the opening statements of
the prosecution and the defendants, the latter denying any criminal act.
Prosecutor Hekan Roswall presented the claims of the plaintiffs Warner Bros,
MGM, EMI, Colombia Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Sony BMG and Universal and
spent most of the morning trying to describe how the Pirate Bay works
suggesting it was a commercial organization with Carl Lundstrvm as a
shareholder and financier of the company. The prosecutor made a presentation
of a series of movie, music and game downloads "coordinated by The Pirate
Bay" before 2006. He continued trying to explain the change from a seed
status to that of a peer as part of the evidence previously gathered by the
The civil parties represented by IFPI and MPAA expressed the intention to
ask for 11 million euro damages.
The second day of the trial started with a big victory for The Pirate Bay
founders with the dropping out of most part of the accusations against them.
The prosecutor announced the defendants would not be accused of "assisting
copyright infringement" changing the accusation into "assisting making
available copyright material".
The prosecutor was unable to prove that the .torrent files introduced as
evidence were actually using The Pirate Bay's tracker. Furthermore, he has
shown to be technically unprepared and failed to explain the function of DHT
which allows for so called "trackerless" torrents. This means the
screenshots the prosecution provided as evidence did not necessarily
belong to The Pirate Bay's tracker. Pirate Bay claimed it did not break the
law because it did not host or disseminate copyright-infringing content but
only links to that content and reproached the prosecution, the police and
the music industry of not understanding the technology. According to Fredrik
Neij, the entire accusation was based on a technical misunderstanding.
On 18 February, the prosecution asked for about 11 million euro compensation
and damages on the basis that the defendants should have obtained worldwide
licences for the content it distributed. The defence rejected any discussion
related to damages considering there had been no damage. "EU directive
2000/31/EC says that he who provides an information service is not
responsible for the information that is being transferred. In order to be
responsible, the service provider must initiate the transfer. But the admins
of The Pirate Bay don't initiate transfers. It's the users that do and they
are physically identifiable people. They call themselves names like King
Kong," was defence lawyer Samuelsson's statement to the court.
"According to legal procedure, the accusations must be against an individual
and there must be a close tie between the perpetrators of a crime and those
who are assisting. This tie has not been shown. The prosecutor must show
that Carl Lundstrvm personally has interacted with the user King Kong, who
may very well be found in the jungles of Cambodia," the lawyer added.
The plaintiffs insited on The Pirate Bay's behaviour that refused to
withdraw the .torrent links from their index, except for the cases when the
content did not correspond with the one announced by the user placing the
torrent file. In the prosecution's opinion, this would make The Pirate Bay
more than a simple technical intermediary.
The defense argued that uploading a torrent does not imply that the
copyrighted files are actually 'available', as the torrent has to also be
seeded and that, on the other hand, torrent files are not linked exclusively
on The Pirate Bay and can be found through other search engines, including
Two of the defendents were heard on the fourth day, the technician Frederik
Neij and the administrator Gottfrid Svartholm Warg who were both pretty much
sticking to their initial position. The day did not bring very much change.
Neij proved that it was possible to create a torrent file and host it
somewhere else, like on TorrentSpy using the trackers opened by The Pirate
Bay to distribute the files, in which case The Pirate Bay cannot know what
is exchanged. In his opinion, the prosecusion had not succeeded in proving
that the incriminated files had been actually downloaded on The Pirate Bay.
The lawyer of the movie industry tried to show that The Pirate Bay had an
active role in the choice of the content presented by its users and asked
Gottfrid Svartholm Warg whether the site had withdrawn content related to
child pornography. The administrator replied that they had notified the
police on such torrent files and they had retired them at the request of the
police. "We can't do investigations of our own. And if the police say we
should remove a torrent, we will," he said.
Peter Sunde was interrogated on Friday morning. The strategy of the
prosecusion seemed to be clearer than during the first days being focused on
trying to prove that The Pirate Bay had been created with the purpose of
gaining money from "pirating". The prosecutor tried to show that The Pirate
Bay was actually managed by a hierarchical organization with a commercial
purpose. However no material evidence was brought to support this idea. When
asked what the purpose of The Pirate Bay was Sunde answered: "It is to
enable users to share their material with others." "Even though it is
copyrighted?" questioned Danowsky. "That can sometimes be the sad
consequences," Peter replied.
The defendant stated to the court that in his opinion the entire trial was a
political one and that the reason for which the plaintiffs brought the case
against The Pirate Bay was not the fight against illegal downloading of
their works but a a fight to preserve the monopoly on the distribution
The trial started again on 24 February when the prosecutor also added to the
charges that the site allowed its users to upload torrents that it further
on stored. Magnus Mertensson, a lawyer for the IFPI testified during the
morning but the evidence brought by him consisted only of screenshots and
the witness also admitted having difficulties in answering some technical
Both him and policeman Magnus Nilsson of the Anti-Piracy Office who was the
next witness for the prosecution were unable to bring forth any real
evidence that the Pirate Bay trackers were actually used for the downloads
Mertensson admited that he had no evidence of having any contact with The
Pirate Bay's tracker during the downloading he was claiming to have made
from the site. Nilsson was made to admit that the actual downloading of the
pirated files happened outside of The Pirate Bay.
The trial is supposed to last until the 4 March 2009. We will present the
conclusions of the trial in our next newsletter.
The Pirate Bay trial: 1st day under the sign of boredom (only in French,
Half of Pirate Bay case dropped in courtroom drama (17.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay cries victory after the dropping out of some charges ! (only
in French, 17.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay (day 3): "We are winning on legal principles" (only in
French, 18.02.2009)
Day 3 - The Pirate Bay's 'King Kong' Defense (18.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay (day 4): "Are you a coward, Fredrik Neij ?" (only in French,
Day 4 - Pirate Bay Defense Calls Foul Over Evidence (19.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay (day 5): Peter Sunde counter-attacks (only in French,
Pirate Bay Trial Day 5: Peter's "Political Trial" (20.02.2009)
Pirate Bay Trial Day 7: Screenshots for Evidence (24.02.3009)
EDRI-gram: Pirate Bay in legal battle with IFPI (11.02.2009)
3. Lex Nokia storms into the Finnish Parliament
Government bill dubbed as Lex Nokia, also known as the snooping law, entered
the Parliament for debate on 24 February 2009. The bill has been widely
criticized for heavy-handed treatment of fundamental rights, granting
companies more rights than the police, suspicion of undue corporate pressure
and vagueness and unclarity.
The proponents of the law have continued making embarrassing gaffes:
Communications Minister Suvi Lindin has said in an interview in Tampere
newspaper Aamulehti that an employer currently has the right to order a
strip-search of an employee if there is suspicion that the employee is
leaking company secrets. Furthermore, Finance Minister Jyrki Katainen, has
stated that he is not familiar with the contents of the bill, but supports
it firmly, regardless.
Yesterday's parliamentary debate consisted mainly of opponents of the law
raising various concerns regarding fundamental rights, usefulness of the
bill, increasing surveillance, bad drafting process etc. The defenders of
the law kept repeating how opponents of the bill are ill-informed of its
actual implications and how the bill improves the status of employee rights.
The Left Alliance and the Social Democrats were calling for rejecting the
bill and sending it back for a complete overhaul.
TV news on 24 February reported about the law, stating that it is meant to
prevent three things:
* leakage of trade secrets
* copying of copyrighted materials
* disruption of corporate networks with attachments and malware.
Unless this is some kind of mistake made by the news, this sheds a new light
on the purpose of the bill.
Government party lines seem to be holding, only the Greens (14 seats) are
split on the issue. If the lines are not broken any further, the bill will
pass even if all Greens vote against it, since the National Coalition (51
seats), the Centre (51) and the Swedish People's Party (10) have a majority
in the 200-member strong parliament.
The Greens have proposed limiting the bill so that the email log data is
allowed to be examined only in cases where a company is investigating
leakage of trade secrets. The content of the law is expected to be voted
upon today, 25 February. The final vote, whether to pass or reject the bill,
is expected next week.
Lex Nokia Debate Ignites Parliament (24.02.2009)
Labour Ministry official confirms threat of Nokia leaving Finland over law
on electronic communications (24.02.2009)
Lex Nokia furore fuelled further by minister4s strip-search remark
EDRi-gram: Snooping law, "Lex Nokia", proceeding slowly but surely in
Finland (17.12.2008)
(Contribution by Leena Romppainen - EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland)
4. Italy to enforce a global censorship legislation?
The Italian Senate approved - and the Camera dei deputati (Italian "Low
Chamber") is ready to finally pass - draft law 733 named Pacchetto
sicurezza - "Security Package", a series of (supposely) coordinated
provisions aimed at improve, whatever that means, police bodies and public
prosecutor powers.
Of course, the law wouldn't have been complete without "taking care" of
the Internet, and legislators didn't loose the chance. Under sect. 50 bis
of this forthcoming law, a public prosecutor which is given "serious
circumstantial evidence" that an online activity of inciting crime has
been committed, is allowed to ask the Minister of Home Affair to order the
ISP's to shut down the "concerned" network resource. ISP refusal to comply
with Minister's order should be fined with a penalty up to 250 000 Euros.
The provision is clearly flawed from a constitutional standpoint. The
basis of every western democracy, indeed, is separation of power, thus is
not legally possible to have such a cross-jurisdiction mess between the
public prosecutor (the judiciary power) and a Ministership (the executive
power). Further more, there would be a double trial for the same fact, one
of which (the Home Affair Ministership one), done without the legal
guarantee of a criminal trial (fair process, etc.).
But this is only the tip of the iceberg. Crime-inciting wrongdoing is very
difficult to handle, since the border between free-speech and law
violation is often blurred (would a website supporting freedom rebel of a
country be - per se - inciting to commit crimes?). Further more, if ISP's
must prevent access to a network resource located outside their network
(abroad, for instance) this would mean that the result will be achieved
through deep-packet inspection, or similar, privacy threathning
techniques. Thus - with the excuse of "protecting" Italian citizens - the
D'Alia amendment (named after the MP that proposed it) is likely to be the
first step toward a global censorship system. A Cassinelli amendment
(again, from the MP name of its author) that followed the D'Alia one,
tried to circumvent the above mentioned problems, but with no real changes
in the substance of the matter and the political, net-phobic approach.
Italy had a "sound" tradition in trying to enforce citizen's global
surveillance systems through ISP's and telco operators, adopting every
sort of justifications (from copyright, to child pornography, to online
gambling and now to crime-inciting actions). Oddly enough, nevertheless,
these "good intentions" fell always on innocent citizens' shoulders, while
true criminals stay absolutely free. Or, to put it straight: to (maybe)
catch a few criminals, the whole nation network usage will be subjected to
"third parties" - namely, ISP's - systematic scrutiny. So long, human
(Contribution by Andrea Monti - EDRi-member ALCEI -Italy)
5. Norwegian group joins Sweden-based Justice Center against Swedish FRA law
The Norwegian organisation of the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ)
has filed a petition, known as a Third Party Intervention, in support of the
case brought to the European Court of Human Rights challenging the Sweden's
FRA law that authorizes the Sweden's National Defence Radio Establishment
(Fvrsvarets radioanstalt - FRA) to wiretap all telephone and Internet
traffic that crosses Sweden's borders.
The legislative package which was passed by the Parliament of Sweden on 18
June 2008 and took effect on 1 January 2009, was fiercely criticized and
opposed in Sweden by the public, opposition parties, the appeal courts for
Skene and Blekinge, Sweden's Customs Agency, the Data Inspection Board and
even politicians belonging to the alliance government.
A case was filed in July 2008 by the Sweden-based Justice Center (Centrum
fvr Rdttvisa - CFR), which argued FRA's expanded powers to monitor
cross-border communications traffic violated Article 8 and Article 13 of the
European Convention on Human Rights guaranteeing the citizens' right to
privacy and ensuring the citizens with the possibility to hold national
authorities to account for possible human rights violations.
According to Lawyer Robin Lvvf of the European University Institute in
Florence who reported the Swedish law to the European Commission in August
2008, the law is in clear breach of fundamental rights governing the
movement of goods and services in the European Union.
Clarence Crafoord, head attorney with CFR welcomed the Third Party
Intervention of the Norwegian group considering the initiative "offers
additional perspectives about the problems with the FRA-law and it's good
that it makes clear to the European Court of Human Rights that the law
affects both Swedes and citizens in other countries."
The Norwegian petition cites a report issued by the Norwegian Postal and
Telecoms Agency in November 2008 which showed that most electronic
communications traffic into and out of Norway as well as a large part of the
domestic traffic passes through Sweden, the Swedish law therefore affecting
the privacy rights of Norwegian citizens.
Although the Swedish government brought some changes to the law with an
amendment in September 2008, in ICJ-Norway's opinion the changes apply
only to Swedish citizens or people residing in Sweden. The group believes
that Norwegian citizens' communications are the "explicit target for the
secret monitoring by Swedish authorities".
"Norwegian citizens are still left lawless under the present
legislation.(...) They are faced with the constant risk that their private
communications which happen to pass Sweden's borders could be subject to
interception and be subsequently stored, distributed, and misused by and at
the absolute discretion of the Swedish authorities," writes ICJ-Norway in
its petition.
ICJ-Norway points out a series a deficiencies in the formulation of the law
which includes vague definitions of the targeted communications, the lack of
clear regulations on information storing, the lack of independent judicial
control and the lack of possibility of response for the citizens whose
communications are intercepted.
Norwegian group joins case against Sweden's wiretapping law (13.02.2009)
Swedish surveillance law 'breaks EU rules' (13.08.2008)
Goverment getting closer to surveillance law compromise (25.09.2008)
Snoop law to be tried in European court (15.07.2008)
EDRI-gram: ENDitorial: Wiretapping - the Swedish way (27.08.2008)
6. European Commission disbanded data protection experts group
The European Commission has decided to dismantle a group of experts that
needed to review the European Data Protection Directive.
The group was formed after a tendering process and included: Peter
Fleischer, global privacy counsel for Google, David Hoffman, director of
security policy and global privacy officer for Intel; Henriette Tielemans a
privacy lawyer from a US law firm, Christopher Kuner, a privacy lawyer with
another US law firm; and Jacob Kohnstamm, chairman of the Dutch data
protection authority.
Alex T|rk, the French Data Protection Authority President and the Chairman
of Article 29 Working Party, has complained about the biased structure of
the group explaining to a French Senate committee that the group was
composed "four-fifths of personalities representing American interests." The
committee submitting a resolution stating it was "unacceptable" that four
members of the group "are either from American companies or law firms whose
principal establishment is in the U.S."
The group had just one meeting at the end of the last year and even though
they were gathered for a one-year mandate the Commissioner Barrot, who is
also a French, decided to disband the group and to broaden the consultation
on the review of the 1995 data protection directive.
In fact T|rk asked Barrot to look into the matter, and the latter
acknowledged that "the situation was abnormal". T|rk explained that part of
the problem was that there were major conceptual differences between the EU
and US data protection principles: "Europeans must note that the gap is big
between the American vision and the European vision."
Draft Resolution regarding the nomination by the European Commission of an
expert group on data protection. (6.02.2009)
European Commission Disbands Privacy Group (17.02.2009)
7. Romanian data retention law suspendend by the Government
In a sudden and unexpected move, the Romanian Government has decided on 25
February 2009 to suspend the application of the data retention law until the
end of the year - 31 December 2009.
The official reason from the press release of the Ministry of Communications
and Information Society are related to the:
- complications that the law brings to the penal cases, especially in the
initial phases of information gathering;
- the area of the crimes for which the retained data is accessible is
contested (by whom? -n.a.);
- not all of the communications providers may ensure the management of the
retained data;
- not all the providers are ready to respect the legal provisions regarding
the confidentiality of the accessed data.
Even though the law was in a public consultation (but dormant-type phase)
for almost 9 months, it seems that the Government is realizing that they
didn't get the "perfect text". The privacy concerns do not appear in the
press release, but a better "information campaign" on the law and its
consequences is mentioned somewhere in a work plan.
It is still unclear how the "suspension" will work. It seems that the
Government would like to issue a new emergency ordinance that will postpone
the application of the law. It remains to be seen if the new text of the law
supported by the Ministry will be better or worst than the present one.
Application of the data retention law - postponed until the end of 2009
(only in Romanian, 25.02.2009)
Minsitry of Communications and Information Society (only in Romanian,
8. HADOPI law close of creating a dangerous precedent
On 18 February 2009, Christine Albanel, French Minister of Culture,
presented to the Chamber of Deputies the controversial Criation et Internet
draft law (so called Hadopi law) calling for the creation of a
government agency to manage the graduated response (or three-strike)
The law which was passed by the Senate in October 2008 was discussed by the
deputies in the legal commissions with amendments to be presented during the
debates starting on 4 March. As previously during the long discussions
having taken place for some years now, during the debates in the legal
commissions, any amendment proposed in the direction of a global license,
such as the "creative contribution" proposed by the socialist Patrick Bloche
was rejected. The proposed mechanism would have implied a fee paid by the
Internet subscribers to their ISP for legal downloading of copyrighted
material. The fees collected could be used to remunerate artists for their
work. "With a universal licence, the money recuperated will not uniquely go
into the pockets of the producers, which is definitely the case now. Today,
artists' royalty payments are significantly less, while the (media
companies') royalty payments are considerably more," said Bloche.
According to Nicolas Maubert, an attorney with law firm Gide Loyrette Nouel,
if voted in the present form, the law might still be challenged by France's
judicial body. Blocking Internet access as a sanction might breach
constitutional protections guaranteed by the French Constitutional body
(Conseil Constitutionnel) said Maubert, who added that a graduated response
initiative is not a necessarily a bad thing in itself:
"It still seems legitimate to question whether blocking the access to the
internet is indeed a 'proportionate measure.' Especially these days, just
imagine yourself without access to the internet, with no e-mails, no
In the meantime, as a positive balance, according to reports from the
European Parliament, the also very controversial Medina report containing a
range of measures in support of copyright enforcement, including increased
liability for ISPs, secondary liability for peer-to-peer sites and graduated
response, has been postponed and apparently even removed from the European
Parliament's agenda.
Having in view the very strong opposition reaction from citizens all over
Europe, it appears the socialist group in the European Parliament blocked
the report for fear of losing votes at the next elections. If the Medina
report had been pushed to the plenary, it would have also created a problem
for the Telecoms Package.The Parliament miight not have passed it,
supporting Amendment 138 which is against graduate response.
"Thousands of emails and phone calls from concerned citizens reached the
parliament. The outcome proves that informed citizens can altogether become
stronger than a small obscurantist industry pressure group. We must
consolidate this victory by guaranteeing, through the second reading of the
Telecoms Package, that Internet remains the most fantastic advance for our
societies since the invention of the printing press."declared Jirimie
Zimmermann, co-founder of La Quadrature du Net.
Antipiracy Law: "the creative contribution" of the Socialist Party rejected
(only in French, 20.02.2009)
French Legislature Puts Finishing Touches On Ambitious File-Sharing Law
Medina report indefinitely abandoned (22.02.2009)
Copyright dogmatism temporarily kicked out of European Parliament
Christine Albanel defends the antipiracy law in front of the deputies (only
in French, 18.02.2009)
EDRi-gram: One more step for France in adopting the graduated response
9. UK Government ignores the European Commission regarding Phorm
On 12 February 2009, the European Commission warned it would take formal
action against the UK Government for not providing the requested information
on the past trials of the Phorm ad-serving technology.
The Commission has sent three letters until now requesting information on
the secret trials by BT of Phorm, the latest having been sent at the end of
January 2009. No satisfactory answers have been received so far, the
response having focused only on future deployments without addressing the
question of the past trials.
The trials, conducted in 2006 and 2007, tracking the browsing behaviour of
BT customers without their consent, resulted in complaints from privacy
campaigners, peers, and politicians who argued that the actions were in
breach of UK interception and data-protection laws. In July 2008, technology
campaigner Alexander Hanff made a complaint to the police force considering
the BT trials were not in compliance with RIPA and the Data Protection Act
as the customers' consent had not been required.
However, the City of London police informed Hanff in September 2008 that
they would not continue the investigation for "lack of criminal intent".
"One of the main reasons for this decision is the lack of criminal intent on
behalf of BT and Phorm in relation to the tests. It is also believed that
there would have been a level of implied consent from BT's customers in
relation to the tests, as the aim was to enhance their products," wrote
detective sergeant Barry Murray.
Although UK regulators have provided rules for the future deployments of
Phorm which require the company to not retain website history data, exclude
sensitive search topics and obtain the customer's agreement also providing
information of the respective technology, according to UK's EDRi-member Open
Rights Group, it is not yet clear whether the consent of both the users and
the visited websites is required.
"Unless the ISPs employing Phorm's technology to intercept the
communications between their customers and the owners of the websites their
customers are visiting have the explicit consent of both parties, they are
likely to be committing an offence under the Regulation of Investigatory
Powers Act (RIPA), the legislation that governs interception of
communications in the UK," stated the group.
In spite of the repeated questions and investigations and disregarding the
European Commission's warning, Phorm goes on. The company's CEO stated
during an interview on 9 February that the system would be active in the UK
by the end of 2009. The company has also signed deals with another two big
UK ISPs, Carphone Warehouse and Virgin Media.
EC warns gov't over Phorm foot-dragging (12.02.2009)
BT finishes trial, expects to use Phorm (15.12.2008)
Police drop investigation into BT's Phorm trials (23.09.2008)
Phorm: damn the EU, full speed ahead! (11.02.2009)
EU calls phoul over ad company Phorm's invasive snooping (15.08.2008)
EDRIgram: UK: Phorm threat (28.01.2009)
10. EDRi participates in European project on raising privacy awareness
EDRi is one of the partners in a new European project initiated by the
French Human Rights League (LDH), which aims to raise awareness on the
privacy aspects, especially among the young generation.
The project initiated by LDH and started on 1 January 2009 comprises,
besides EDRI, another European Human Rights Network - European Association
for the Defense of Human Rights (EAHR) and two national members - Pangea (in
Spain) and Iuridicum Remedium (in Czech Republic). The project is funded by
the European Commision within the framework of the Program on fundamental
rights and citizenship - transnational projects.
This project aims to help a large group of young people, teenagers and young
adults to become vigilant about the protection of their personal data, to
sensitise them on subjects which may seem trivial.
A first meeting was held on 13-14 February 2009 when all project members met
for the first time to better define the main two objectives:
a) The analysis and comparison of some privacy invasive technologies in the
selected countries, the identification of good and worst practices,
applicable legislation and its implementation, relevant awareness
b) The production of an awareness tool aimed at young adults dealing with
sensitive subjects in all countries, which are not sufficiently handled or
specifically aimed at this target population. In this case our objective is
to influence these practices and go against the tendency which professes "I
have nothing to hide therefore nothing to fear, so no problem" with an
accent upon "why should they care and how to do it".
Human Rights League France
European Association for the Defense of Human Rights
Iuridicum Remedium
11. ENDitorial: Privacy in the Czech Republic - nothing to celebrate
For the third time the Council of Europe has proclaimed 28 January the
European Data Protection Day. EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium (IuRe) reminds
that the safety of Czech citizens4 personal data is still seriously
endangered. Some of the most pressing issues are listed below.
RFID based Opencard (or Praguer4s Universal Card) is now being promoted as
an electronic travel card for public transportation. However, the
contactless chip card formerly used for parking payment and as a library ID
is not secure. The contactless chip can be read remotely and the data stored
on it can be linked with the central database containing personal data. The
system thus allows for movement tracking, especially at the electronic gates
which are going to be introduced in Prague metro.
In relation with the Opencard4s drawbacks, IuRe initiated a petition at the
beginning of September 2008, which demands the deletion of both Opencard
holder data and usage data from the central database after the card4s
expiration and an observance of database administrator4s duty to allow
user4s data deletion upon request. "We also demand an implementation of an
anonymous Opencard at the same price as an ordinary Opencard," reports Filip
Pospmsil from IuRe. The petition has already been signed by almost 700
The Municipal authorities of Prague began to sell anonymous cards on
the 17 December 2008. However, there is an extra 8 EUR charge and since
only transferable season transport tickets can be purchased with such a
card, the price for the annual travel becomes significantly higher. The
Praguers effectively have to pay extra for their privacy protection and IuRe
will stand out for an implementation of non-discriminatory anonymous card,
i.e. the card allowing to use the service at the same price without
unnecessary disclosure of personal data. The Municipal Council of the city
of Prague received a Big Brother Award 2008 for the Opencard project in
"Worst Public Agency Privacy Intruder" category.
Visa Waiver
The term Visa Waiver refers to a set of agreements related to the abolition
of the visa requirement for Czech citizens traveling to the USA. These
agreements allow the American authorities access to personal data of the
Czech citizens in Czech state authorities4 databases, including biometric
data. The access is given as a compensation for the abolition of visa
requirements, but in fact the paper visa have been merely replaced by the
virtual visa - a system of detailed electronic questionnaires based on which
the applicant can still be refused entry to the USA.
"In the case of the Czech Republic the agreements where not negotiated
properly with Czech Data Protection Agency and their comments were not
respected," points out Filip Pospmsil from IuRe.
The complementary Agreement on strengthening the cooperation for the
prevention and fight against serious crime was approved by the government on
the 4 December 2008. However, the Government disregarded the comments of the
Czech Data Protection Agency and other state authorities. At the beginning
of 2009, IuRe urged the MEPs and senators to not approve the proposed
IuRe has made an attempt to find out the scale of personal data which had
been promised by the Czech authorities to be handed over to the American
authorities as well as the conditions of the data protection. The official
request for information has been submitted to the Ministry of Internal
Affairs by the end of 2008. "The request was concerning another visa waiver
related memorandum on establishing of the Combating Terorism Center and the
Electronic System of Travelling Registration (ESTA)," specifies Filip
Pospmsil from IuRe. However, the memorandum is classified as secret and thus
neither IuRe nor any other ordinary citizens know which of their personal
data is being handed over.
Privacy and bank sector
The new Police Law was negotiated and approved in 2008. IuRe together with
the bank sector and the Czech Bank Association have been criticizing the new
power of the Czech Police to request data about the location and time of
electronic card payments from banks, and particularly, the ability to access
bank information systems. "We have been submitting comments during the
negotiation of this law, but while some others have been accepted, our
objection against this competence was not" reports Helena Svatosova, a
lawyer from IuRe.
According to IuRe, the government document named "The enhancement of the
communication system between financial institutions and state authorities"
introduces since the fall of 2008 the intention to create a central evidence
of financial institutions4 clients and their operations. The evidence would
then be available to an unspecified range of public administration
authorities. "In our opinion, it's very disturbing that despite the list of
related agencies being rather long, there is no mention of the involvement
of the Data Protection Office," interprets Helena Svatosova from IuRe who
plans to keep an eye on this issue in the future. IuRe has notified both the
Czech Data Protection Office and the Bank Association about the issue and
asked them for their opinion.
Data retention
EU directive 2006/24/EC on the retention of data generated or processed in
connection with the provision of publicly available electronic communication
services has been implemented into the national legislation since the
beginning of 2006. In November 2007, Minister of Industry and Trade Martin
Rmman proposed an amendment which would allow the secret service and the
military intelligence a direct access to those data. Although he has
abandoned the idea under the pressure from the media and politicians,
intelligence services gained access through the "backdoor" in the new Police
There is a legal proceeding submitted by Ireland (suported by Slovakia)
going on against the directive at the European Court of Justice, as well as
at both Hungarian and German constitutional courts. IuRe has also been
preparing the trial of the "data retention" provision of a law in respect of
its constitutionality and compliance with human-right obligations of the
Czech Republic; the plan is to approach lawmakers with the proposal for an
annulment of a part of the law, and gather enough support to submit the
proposal to the Czech Constitutional Court.
Video surveillance
The volume of CCTVs has been on a sharp increase in recent years. However,
the Czech legislation has not reflected this development in any way. In
December last year the Government Council for Human Rights accepted a
proposal of a Committee for Civil and Political Rights. The proposal has
been initiated by IuRe and aims at introducing a conceptual regulation of
CCTV4s usage in public. IuRe has emphasised the necessity of such an
adjustment for several years. "Thus, the resolution of Council of Government
is a significant achievement of our campaign, which leads to a more
transparent usage of CCTV systems regulated by strict rules," declared Filip
Pospmsil from IuRe.
The proposal should allow private persons to use CCTV only in order to
protect their own property and family; public authorities should be allowed
to make a record only in the public interest and only for purposes defined
by the law. The proposal should also prevent the excessive personal data
processing  and stipulate a duty of the CCTV owner to inform about the CCTV
surveillance within its range. The aim of the proposal is also to strictly
regulate the retention of records, as well as the duty to clearly state and
document the exact purpose of each CCTV installation by the police or
another security agency.
IuRe has already tried to pursue the legal regulation of CCTV through the
Police law approved in June 2008 with the help of MP Katerina Jacques.
Minister of Interior Ivan Langer has rejected the proposal, but has promised
that his ministry will, in cooperation with the MP and Czech Data Protection
Office, prepare amendments of the Act on Personal Data Protection containing
proposed amendments. Negotiations are still ongoing with IuRe participating.
Passengers Name Records (PNR)
Passengers Name Records (PNR), the database of information about airline
passengers has originally been used only by the aviation companies. But
after the 9/11, the American Security Authorities have started making
pressure on aviation companies to provide the detailed data of their
This practice did not have a legal ground in most countries and the
agreement between EU and the USA was found illegal by the European Court of
Justice. The provisional agreement, built on the same illegal base in summer
2007, was called back from negotiations in the Czech Parliament by Foreign
Affairs Minister after IuRe had sent a letter to MPs raising concerns
against the approval of the agreement.
After difficult negotiations, the EU came up with a new agreement on PNR
data exchange with the USA in June 2007. In the Czech Republic the proposal
of the agreement has not gone through an ordinary legislative process and
only the Data Protection Office expressed its opinion:  the proposal brings
a deterioration of personal data protection level against previous
agreements, as US authorities will acquire access to personal data of people
without guaranteeing basic rights.( for example the right of correcting of
false statements, etc.)
IuRe has also approached a number of parliamentarians expressing concerns
about the agreement and this resulted in the fact that the agreement did not
obtain the support of the Foreign Affairs committee of the Czech Parliament.
Also the Senate Standing Commission for Privacy Protection expressed its
negative position.
IuRe believes that the Parliament will demonstrate its sovereign role and
will not approve this agreement at the forthcoming session.
This article has been written as a part of the "Reclaim Your Rights in the
Digital Age" project supported by the Trust for Civil Society in Central and
Eastern Europe Foundation.
(contribution by EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium- Czech Republic)
12. Recommended Action
Announcement of the second Privacy Open Space Conference in Berlin, 1-3
April 2009.
After the successful finish of the first year of the EU-funded project
Privacy Open Space (PrivacyOS) the project starts the New Year with the
announcement of the Second PrivacyOS Conference.
As the first PrivacyOS Conference in October 2008 in the European Parliament
in Strasbourg was co-located with the International Conference of Privacy
and Data Protection Commissioners, also the second PrivacyOS Conference will
be held alongside with "re:publica", a conference to establish collective
interfaces with other EU projects as well as national and international
After the positive feedback on the first conference, the second PrivacyOS
Conference will also follow the Open Space approach and therefore invites
all participants to bring topics to the agenda. "It leaves room for
spontaneous creation of new workshops during the conference which reflects
the dynamics of the discussion among participants" says Jan Schallabvck, the
project Manager of PrivacyOS. "Only a set of timeslots is predefined. The
topics for each of the slots are introduced and moderated by the
participants themselves." This approach ensures that all topics relevant to
the participants are included and that fields of common interest can be
detected and worked on, while taking into account different perspectives
across Europe and beyond.
The second PrivacyOS Conference will focus on "Enabling Privacy on the Web".
Visitors of the "re:publica" are invited to partly join the Open Space slots
and to discuss with the PrivacyOS Project Partners about privacy issues or
their experiences on this field. Thereby, an opportunity to articulate and
exchange best practices, challenges and solutions is given.
The conference primarily addresses legal and technical IT experts,
interested manufacturers of IT products or services as well as data
protection authorities. All persons interested in privacy or data protection
aspects are welcome to register for the event.
Project website
 .
Invitation PrivacyOS - Berlin
13. Recommended Reading
Report: The Abolition of Freedom Act 2009
This UCL SHRP research report, edited by the Guardian's Liberty Central
columnist Henry Porter, was complied for The Convention on Modern Liberty on
28 February and marks the beginning of a research project that seeks to
reflect on legislation since the Human Rights Act 1998 and the unintended
consequences it has had on rights and liberties in the UK.
The Article 29 Working Party - 69th plenary session - Search Engines
The Article 29 Working Party - 69th plenary session - Press Release
14. Agenda
18-20 March 2009, Prague, Czech Republic
The Responsibilities of Content Providers and Users
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
23 March 2009, Berlin, Germany
German-French Experts Meeting on Technologies for
Electronic Identification
26-27 March 2009, London, UK
5th Communia Workshop: Accessing, Using, Reusing Public Sector Content and
27-29 March 2009, Manchester, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
28 March 2009, London, UK
Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2009
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property - An International Interdisciplinary
1-3 April 2009, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2009 "Shift happens"
Subconference: 2nd European Privacy Open Space
4 April 2009, Paris, France
French 2009 Big Brother Awards
21-23 April 2009, Winchester, UK
BILETA 2009 Annual Conference
Call for Papers by 28 February 2009
11 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
GigaNet is organizing the 2nd international academic workshop on Global
Internet Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction.
Deadline for abstracts submissions is 20 March 2009.
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
Call for papers deadline: 13 March 2009
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
Call for papers deadline: 1 March 2009
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
Call for papers by 27 February 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadlinea for nominations: 15 July 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
15. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-01-14 20:08:04
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.1, 14 January 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.1, 14 January 2009
1. DHS Report shows lack of compliance with the EU-US PNR agreement
2. Lists of allegedly illegal websites always leak
3. France: ARMT was useless
4. UK Culture Secretary wants film-style ratings to individual websites
5. Open Access to High Energy Physics Literature
6. No e-voting in Azerbaijan and Macedonia
7. Big Brother Awards UK 2008
8. Montenegro blocks Facebook and Youtube for civil servants
9. ENDitorial:  Everyone can eavesdrop in Macedonia
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. DHS Report shows lack of compliance with the EU-US PNR agreement
The Privacy Office of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
released in the second part of December 2008 a report regarding the
Passenger Name Record (PNR) information from the EU-US flights.
Even though the official conclusion of the authors is that DHS handling of
PNR data "is in compliance with both US law and the DHS-EU agreement on USA
access to, and use of, PNR data related to flights between the EU and the
USA." In reality the report shows a number of major disfunctionalities that
proves the DHS did not comply with the EU agreement or with the US
legislation in its use of PNR, that includes data from Europeans that travel
to US.
According with the second PNR agreement between US and EU, there should have
been periodic joint US-EU reviews of compliance. But the present report is
just an unilateral internal review conducted within the DHS, which did not
include EU representatives or any outside experts in PNR data.
A detailed analysis by the Identity Project in the US shows the specific DHS
compliance failings resulted from the report:
- Requests for PNR data have typically taken more than a year to
answer - many times longer than the legal time limits in the Privacy Act and
Freedom of Information Act;
- When individuals have requested "all data" about them held by the DHS,
often they have not been given any of their PNR data;
- Because of this, the vast majority of requesters who should have
received PNR data did not;
- PNR data has been inconsistently censored before it was released;
- A large backlog from the initial requests for PNR data remains
unanswered, more than a year later.
The results of the report are in line with the findings of the earlier
reports of the Identity Project that revealed the practical problems in
accessing your PNR data with the DHS. These problems are the same that the
European citizens might face in getting access to their data from DHS
A clear example is the last year request from MEP Sophia In 't Veld to get
her PNR information - a request which received a first false claim from DHS
that they didn't have any record of her trip.The MEP finally received her
PNR data after EFF lawyers filed a Federal lawsuit on her behalf, but the
data was late, clearly incomplete, and inconsistently and inappropriately
redacted, according with a well-known PNR expert, Edward Hasbrouck .
A report concerning Passenger Name Record Information derived from flights
between the US and the European Union (18.12.2008)
DHS admits problems in disclosing travel surveillance records (24.12.2008)
Can you really see what records are kept about your travel? (30.12.2008)
European Lawmaker Sues U.S. Agencies to Obtain Travel-Related and Other
Personal Information (1.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: Final agreements between EU and USA on PNR and SWIFT (4.07.2007)
2. Lists of allegedly illegal websites always leak
While some European countries block the illegal content (mostly child
pornography websites), other are considering implementing a similar measure
through a hidden list. However the past month has shown, one more time if
necessary, that usually the list of any blocked content will leak and thus
the allegedly blocked content will become widely available.
Belgium is one of the new countries considering such a list. The Minister of
Enterprise and Administrative Reform, Vincent Van Quickenborne, want to ban
child pornography on the Internet through a protocol between ISPs and the
Government. The protocol might extend to other illegal sites, such as hate
and racism websites or Internet fraud.
The federal police special division Federal Computer Crime Unit (FCCU)
confirms that it detects yearly 800 - 1000 child pornography websites hosted
in foreign countries and the court procedure to block those sites is rarely
used since it is too burdensome.
The Flemish League for Human Rights (Liga voor Mensenrechten) has criticized
the project underlining that " the decision to block websites must remain
under exclusive authority of the judicial branch. It is unacceptable that
the police gets a wild card to block certain websites at will."
The legal framework already exists in Belgium, but Minister Van
Quickenborne wants a more flexible mechanism that can be used more quickly
to effectively block websites. It seems that the police will get the
authority to compose the blacklists of to be blocked websites, without any
legal safeguards or external oversight mechanisms. The fact that FCCU
admits right away that this practice should also be applicable in other
cases, makes the whole practice very worrisome.
The practice of the hidden lists of illegal websites is not new. But in the
past month, we've seen at least 3 major blacklists become public, thus
becoming irrelevant.
The blacklist operated by the Danish child pornography filtering system
(3863 blocked URLs) leaked on 23 December 2008 and is available in full
Only a few days before the Thailand's blacklist made by the Ministry of
Information and Communication Technology that block access to websites
deemed unsuitable for the Thai people become available on the Internet.
(1203 websites). The list included hundreds of YouTube videos (including
Hillary Clinton's campaign videos) as well as blogs, cartoons, Charlie
Chaplin videos and an article in the Economist magazine banned for
criticising the Thai king.
In the same period Wikileaks published the Finnish Internet censorship list.
The Finnish National Bureau of Investigation has requested executive
assistance from United States, but it is not known what precisely has been
requested - whether the concern is only removing the list or whether they
are trying to find out who leaked it. The list still includes the critical
Finnish anti-censorship site lapisporno.info.
Government wants to eliminate sites with child pornography (only in Flemish,
The government wants to block paedophiliac websites (only in French,
Flemish Human Rights League - Minister Van Quickenborne want flexible system
for blocking websites.A form of censorship? (12.01.2008)
List of banned websites in Thailand and Denmark leaked online (23.12.2008)
List of Child Porn Sites Leaked to Public (13.01.2009)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Finnish web censorship (27.02.2008)
3. France: ARMT was useless
At the end of December 2008 it was publicly presented the first yearly
report of the French Authority for Regulations of the DRMs (Autoriti de
rigulation des mesures techniques - ARMT) that should have ensured the
interoperability of the DRM systems and allow the private copies.
This could be very well the last report, since the new law on Internet
and Creation, could create a new authority (HADOPI - Haute Autoriti pour la
diffusion des oeuvres et la protection des droits sur Internet) that will
take the place of the old one and will have a different scope: to issue
warnings and potentially cutting Internet subscriptions in cases of
copyright infringement.
ARMT report admitted that, in 20 months of activity, it didn't take any
decision on interoperability or on copyright exceptions. The authority
claimed that the main problem was that nobody send them a specific request.
It also acknowledged the fact that the DRM issues have decrease in
importance, especially in the music sector, with the new DRM-free music
available on the market.
The authority has accepted that the DRMs have been an obstacle " to the
legal music offers" that were in direct competition with the p2p networks,
where the same content is available without DRM.
However, the Authority does not want to admit that DRM is dead and it
explains that this might be case only in the musical sector. It also claims
that the DRM play a "major role" in the movie industry and considers that
giving up DRMs on the online video services is not an option today.
The ARMT's report also observes that the penal measures to protect the DRMs
were never used in the French courts in the past 2 years, since the DADVSI
law is in force.
As expected, the ARMT considers that its life was very useful, contributing
in preparing "the field for a more ambitious strategy for public powers",
namely the 3-strikes procedure.
If remains to be seen if the new Hadopi law will be voted by the second
chamber of the French Parliament and if the new Authority, estimated to have
budget close to 7 million Euro, will have better results.
ARMT finds its futility before becoming HADOPI (only in French, 18.12.2008)
ARMT annual report 2008 (only in French, 18.12.2008)
Albanel views that DRM withdrawal must lead to the graduated response
(only in French, 9.01.2009)
EDRi-gram: France establishes the DRM-regulation authority (12.04.2007)
EDRi-gram: One more step for France in adopting the graduated response
4. UK Culture Secretary wants film-style ratings to individual websites
The UK Culture Secretary Andy Burnham has presented, in an interview with
The Daily Telegraph at the end of the last year, some new plans in adopting
to the web "new standards of decency".
The Cabinet minister is planing to give film-style ratings to individual
websites and wants ISPs to offer parents "child-safe" web services. Because
Internet is a global nature, he plans to negotiate with Obama Administration
in order to drew up "international rules for English language websites."
Burnham explained the present situation: "If you look back at the people who
created the internet they talked very deliberately about creating a space
that Governments couldn't reach. I think we are having to revisit that stuff
seriously now. It's true across the board in terms of content, harmful
content, and copyright. Libel is an emerging issue."
He also added in a statement for BBC: "The internet is becoming a more and
more pervasive entity in all our lives and yet the content standards online
are not as clear as we've all been used in traditional media. I think we do
need to have a debate now about clearer signposting and labelling online
because it can be quite a confusing world, particularly for parents who are
trying to ensure their children are only accessing appropriate stuff."
Richard Clayton from the EDRi-member FIPR has dismissed the UK Culture
Secretary plans and considered that as "a childlike hope that merely
wishing for something will make it come true." He explains that all the
solutions have been discussed and dismissed in the past.
"ISPs have tried 'child-safe' services in the past and even those who still
keep their systems working hardly mention them in their adverts any more. I
thought that it was no longer a part of modern politics to force an industry
to make products that nobody actually wants to buy."
Clayton also pointed the fact that online defamation was already considered
twice by the Law Commission and their main concerns centred around making
it harder for ISPs to be sued and addressing the issues of archives.
As regards the web labelling, he points the 10 years history of failure and
explains with the website of Mr Burnham's own department:
"They have labelled their main website with the ICRA scheme. To their
credit, they have used more than just a blanket "innocuous" setting, albeit
they have clearly overdone it since a description of the minutiae of the
Gambling Act 2005 is still marked up as "gambling", which may disappoint
anyone who was hoping to have a flutter.
Although the DCMS proudly displays the ICRA logo on their front page, they
haven't been bothered to label any of their subsites, such as the Government
Art Collection, which contains images that some people might consider
indecent - such as this full frontal nude of a young boy."
Despite all these problems, the European Union seems to support also in the
future these type of projects. Encouraging and assisting providers to
develop labelling is one of the actions funded under the new EU Safer
Internet programme 2009 - 2013.
A recent report of the Internet Safety Technical Task Force, a working group
established by the 49 state attorneys general from US, to
look into the problem of sexual solicitation of children online has reached
some interesting conclusion. The report challenges some of the earlier
beliefs concluding that: "Social network sites are not the most common space
for solicitation and unwanted exposure to problematic content, but are
frequently used in peer-to-peer harassment, most likely because they are
broadly adopted by minors and are used primarily to reinforce pre-existing
social relations."
The report also claims that "Minors are not equally at risk online. Those
who are most at risk often engage in risky behaviors and have difficulties
in other parts of their lives. The psychosocial makeup of and family
dynamics surrounding particular minors are better predictors of risk than
the use of specific media or technologies."
Internet sites could be given 'cinema-style age ratings', Culture Secretary
says (27.12.2008)
Website age ratings 'an option' (27.12.2008)
Andy Burnham and the decline of standards (29.12.2008)
Web content labelling (17.09.2007)
EU Safer Internet programme 2009 - 2013
Final Report of the Internet Safety Technical Task Force to the Multi-State
Working Group on Social Networking of State Attorneys General of the United
States (31.12.2008)
5. Open Access to High Energy Physics Literature
An interesting alternative model for open access publishing for the High
Energy Physics journals has emerged in the past years in a project led by
CERN (European Organization for Nuclear Research) that attempts to make the
current research openly accessible in this field.
CERN was the leader since the 50s, when the first pre-print repository was
established at the headquarters of the European organisation. The
repository gathered working papers and reports submitted to CERN by authors
from institutions across the world.
Now, a new project, called SCOAP3 (Sponsoring Consortium for Open Access
Publishing in Particle Physics) is trying to come up with a new model for
the entire High Energy Physics (HEP) literature to open access. The model
might be easier to implement taking into consideration that basically just
six peer-reviewed journals publish the majority of HEP articles. In this new
model the publisher's subscription income from multiple institutions would
be replaced by income from a single financial partner the SCOAP3 . Each
SCOAP partner will finance its contribution by cancelling journal
subscriptions and each country will contribute according to its share of HEP
SCOAP3 is a consortium composed of high-energy physics funding agencies,
high-energy physics laboratories and leading national and international
libraries and library consortia. In the beginning of 2009 SCOAP3 announced
that the major part of the European countries have agreed to participate, so
did 44 US partners, Turkey, Israel and Australia. In less than one year and
a half, SCOAP3 has received pledges for 49.5% of its budget.
Formal discussion with the publishers have not officially started, but all
major publishers show a pro-active attitude of great support to Open Access
in HEP.
Project Underway To Convert High Energy Physics Literature To Open Access
SCOAP3 Funding status report (12.12.2008)
SCOAP3: Funding status report for ICOLC Munich (11.2008)
About SCOAP3
Towards Open Access Publishing in High Energy Physics (3.06.2007)
6. No e-voting in Azerbaijan and Macedonia
After the major problems with the e-voting system tested in Western Europe,
some Eastern European countries has expressed their reservation in
implementing such as system.
The Central Election Commission from Azerbaijan considered that e-voting is
not required in the 2009 referendum or in the 2009 local elections and 2010
parliamentary vote.
Even though Azerbaijan is part of the Council of Europe's Electronic Voting
Committee that has recommended the introduction of Internet-based voting,
the Central Election Commission Secretary, Natiq Mammadov, explained online
newspaper Trend News that there is no chance to implement this for the next
"We must have a reason to apply innovation as opposed to simply wanting to.
We do not need e-voting to increase the voter turnout in Azerbaijan."
He also claimed that "there is no need to make hasty decisions about
A similar decision was made in Macedonia in the beginning of 2009, the
leaders of the major parties deciding that no electronic voting will be
necessary for the next presidential elections and more time is needed
before the system can be set up. However, Macedonian politicians supported
to use such a system might be used in the next electoral cycles.
No need for e-voting: Azerbaijani Central Election Commission (12.01.2009)
No e-voting in next elections (9.01.2009)
EDRi-gram: Finnish e-voting fiasco: votes lost (5.11.2008)
7. Big Brother Awards UK 2008
Big Brother Awards (BBA) are back in UK with more positive awards to
celebrate the people that have been involved in protecting privacy in the
past years.
The event, held in December 2008 at the London School of Economics, was
organized by the EDRi-member Privacy International and gave only one Big
Brother 2008 award - the statue of a boot stamping upon a human head - to
the New Labour.
Other six positive prices, called Roll of Honour, were received by:
- Baroness Sarah Ludford MEP - one of the Liberal Democrat Members of
the European Parliament, member of the Human Rights Committee;
- Phil Booth, the National Coordinator of the NO2ID Campaign against the
Database State;
- Helen Wallace, Executive Director of GeneWatch UK, that has provided
expert evidence on behalf of S. and Marper to the European Court of Human
- Gareth Crossman - retiring Director of Policy at Liberty Human Rights;
- Becky Hogge - retiring Executive Director of the Open Rights Group;
- Rt. Hon. David Davis MP, the former Conservative Shadow Home Affairs
UK Big Brother Awards - boos for NuLabour, hurrahs for Sarah Ludford, Phil
Booth, Helen Wallace, Gareth Crossman, Becky Hogge and David Davis
The Big Brother awards are back (12.12.2008)
EDRi-gram: ECHR decided against the UK DNA Database (17.12.2008)
8. Montenegro blocks Facebook and Youtube for civil servants
Montenegro's office in charge with the government Internet infrastructure
decided to ban access to several social networking or video sharing
websites, such as YouTube or Facebook. The public servants were announced by
a statement sent at the end of December 2008 by the office to all civil
Now, the civil servants trying to access those website will receive an
access denied message. Even though this is not a spectacular measure at
workplace, it is interesting that the reason behind the blockage was not to
allow an increase of the productivity for all government employees, but to "
avoid a meltdown of its system from excess traffic".
The official statement explained: "Therefore, during working hours, access
to certain potentially malicious and huge traffic generating websites is
disabled," and accepted not to block the websites off the working hours.
Montenegro, the newest European country with 650 000 inhabitants has an
Internet penetration rate of almost 40% and more than 14 000 Facebook users.
Montenegro bans Facebook access in government offices (18.12.2008)
Social Media's Popularity Too Much For Montenegro Gov't (18.12.2008)
9. ENDitorial:  Everyone can eavesdrop in Macedonia
Eavesdropping devices that are being sold through adverts are mostly used by
pupils for cheating at their school exams, and by men who doubt their wives'
"Hey, let's meet, we should not discuss this over the phone." This sentence
has long been used among friends, colleagues and relatives, but today, if
something important is to be discussed, the sentence would rather be "Let me
whisper something to you, but check your ear first".
Today, the technologies for communications monitoring and recording
conversations are so advanced, practically unnoticeable, and easily
available - they can be bought through an advert for only 250 denars! This
equipment surely cannot help you hear about the next mischief Greece is
planning to do, but you can at least hear the crying baby in another room,
catch your wife with the neighbour or cheat at most of the exams at the
faculty or in high school.
An electronics technician from Skopje who is selling these devices has had a
very unpleasant experience with the victims of his clients. He insisted that
we do not publish his name.
I'm only making these devices, and I am not responsible for how people are
using them. My "bug" has a range of 50 meters, and the recording can also be
heard on a mobile phone. It is recording excellent on an FM-radiofrequency,
except when waves from the radio stations in Skopje are causing
interference - he says, while showing us the small transmitter.
For commercial purposes, the name of his firm is on the package of the
transmitter. This is how the problems started for the technician.
"A teacher from a school in Skopje called me. I could feel the anger in
his voice. He caught his students cheating during an exam by using my "bug".
What can I say; I am not encouraging children to do this. I also explained
to him that there are also other young electronics technicians, who are
manufacturing transmitters" he said.
Let me be clear, I am not selling these devices so that they could be
abused. Some people are using my "bugs" to discover marital infidelities.
Sometimes people are calling me, as if I had placed the device. I want these
devices to be used for noble purposes, so that mothers could hear their
babies crying, for instance. I am even prepared to give one of my bugs to
each mother with twins, he added.
The devices of the Macedonian electronics technician are just part of the
technological array of devices that can be used for eavesdropping. Almost
all of the mobile phones have voice recorders. The new voice recorders are
so small that they can be hidden in one's sleeve. eBay and other websites
are selling mobile phones worth up to 1,000 euros that can be used to
eavesdrop on other mobile phones. Hacker websites on the internet are
offering small programs for free, that can be sent via e-mail, that are
afterwards sending back usernames and passwords of the email's user to the
original sender. The list is quite long. There are even so called "spy
shops" in the USA.
With the amendments of the Law on communications monitoring it is projected
that private companies would also be able to purchase, sell and use
communications monitoring equipment, having obtained prior authorization
from the Ministry of Interior. This mostly applies for the security agencies
and detectives.
We don't have any communications monitoring equipment. To be honest, some of
our clients have required this from us but we have not done it - say the
employees of the security agency "Branitel" from Skopje. Other security
agencies gave us the same answer.
The people from the Ministry of Interior say that, so far, nobody has
submitted a request for purchase, since the commission responsible for
reviewing such requests is still being formed.
There is still no commission or body with the role of controlling the usage
of this equipment, neither in the state institutions, nor in the private
So far, a more efficient system for controlling these eavesdropping devices
has not been established. Someone from the authorities should explain how
these devices are being controlled. Nobody informed us how much money has
been spent for purchasing communications monitoring equipment. This is an
opportunity for any kind of abuse. Now, by providing private companies with
the opportunity to use such equipment, the abuse will not only be political.
The ones that adopted this law will eventually become its victims as well -
says professor Slagjana Taseva.
Officials from the Directorate for Personal Data Protection emphasize that
it is necessary to take into consideration the method of usage of the
personal data collected in the process of eavesdropping.
The citizens must know that according to the Law on communications, a court
warrant is required for such an activity. As for the ones that are selling
various devices through advertisements, they should know that this is
illegal - says Marijana Marushik, director of the DPDP.
Nevertheless, it seems that nothing can stop mass eavesdropping on
Original article - newspaper Nova Makedonija (only in Macedonian,
(contribution by Aleksandar Bozhinovski - Nova Makedonija)
10. Recommended Reading
EDPS - Second opinion on ePrivacy Directive review and security breach
The European Ombudsman - Public Access to Information in EU Databases
ICANN Annual Report 2008
Pdivikki Karhula: A cattle hotshot - citizens on a shadow of the ubiquitous
11. Agenda
16-17 January 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy & Data Protection conference
CPDP 2009: Data Protection in A Profiled World?
28 January 2009, Europe-wide
3rd Data Protection Day
28 January 2009, Helsinki, Finland
Data Protection Day seminar in Finland
Raising Awareness
28 January 2009, Sofia, Bulgaria
Bulgarian Big Brother Awards
3-4 February 2009, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
10th Annual Privacy and Security Conference "Life in a Digital Fishbowl: A
Struggle for Survival or a Sea of Opportunity?"
7-8 February 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Free and Open source Software Developers' European Meeting (FOSDEM)
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
27-29 March 2009, Manchaster, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property" An International Interdisciplinary
1-3 April 2009, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2009 "Shift happens"
Subconference: 2nd European Privacy Open Space
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
Proposal Submissions by 23 January 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
Call for papers, deadline 13 March 2009
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
Call for papers by 15 January 2009
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
First proposals to be submitted by 1 February 2009
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
Call for papers by 27 February 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2009-01-28 23:33:30
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.2, 28 January 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.2, 28 January 2009
    Special issue - Data protection day
Data Protection Day
1. EU proposal puts confidential communications data at risk
2. Privacy and data protection in the Netherlands in 2008
3. Data protection in Italy: Loudly more of the same
4. Romania: Is really privacy a topic in the public debate?
5. UK: Phorm threat
6. Macedonia: Privacy Developments in 2008
7. Austria: Some EU data protection policy developments in 2008
8. France: Who have they forgotten to control today?
9. Germany: A new fundamental right, a privacy mass movement + surveillance
10. Some EU data protection policy developments in 2008
11. Towards International Data Protection Standards
12. Recommended Action
13. Recommended Reading
14. Agenda
15. About
Data Protection Day
28 January is the European Data Protection Day. For the third time, in 2009,
this date marks the anniversary of the Council of Europe's Convention 108,
the first legally binding international instrument related to data
This issue of the EDRi-gram is dedicated to the European Data Protection Day
and marks the privacy developments in some European countries in the
past year, as reported by EDRi members. It also includes a warning from
major civil society groups and the EDPS on the adoption of the "voluntary
data retention" in the telecom package.
European data protection day activities - 28.01.2009
1. EU proposal puts confidential communications data at risk
Civil liberties groups La Quadrature du Net, European Digital Rights (EDRi),
AK Vorrat, and Netzpolitik.org are urging the European Parliament to heed
advice given by the European Data Protection Supervisor Peter Hustinx and
scrap plans dubbed "voluntary data retention".
"A proposal currently discussed in the European Parliament as part of the
'telecom package' would allow providers to collect a potentially unlimited
amount of sensitive, confidential communications data including our
telephone and e-mail contacts, the geographic position of our mobile phones
and the websites we visit on the Internet", warns Patrick Breyer of German
privacy watchdog AK Vorrat. "Apart from the creation of vast data pools that
could go far beyond what is being collected under the directive on data
retention, the proposal would also permit the passing on of traffic data to
other companies for 'security purposes'. We must not let a potentially
unlimited amount of confidential data be exposed to risks of disclosure or
abuse in this way", he also said.
"This proposal is lobbied for under the guise of 'security', but what it
really means is that users and citizens would have no expectation of privacy
on the Internet anymore," adds Ralf Bendrath from EDRi. "This is a clear
breach of the European tradition of considering privacy a fundamental human
In a paper published earlier this month, European Data Protection Supervisor
Peter Hustinx joined the critics, warning the proposal would constitute a
"risk of abuse" and "may be interpreted as enabling the collection and
processing of traffic data for security purposes for an unspecified period
of time." Hustinx reached "the conclusion that the best outcome would be for
the proposed Article 6.6(a) to be deleted altogether" - a view firmly shared
by La Quadrature du Net, EDRi, netzpolitik.org and AK Vorrat.
"A few months before the elections, citizens will have the opportunity to
see if the Members of European Parliament are willing to protect their
privacy", declares Jirimie Zimmermann, co-founder of the citizen's
initiative La Quadrature du Net. "Every citizen should inform their MEPs and
ask them to massively reject this article 6 (6a) of the ePrivacy directive.
Other crucial issues about content and network neutrality are at stake as
well.We must remind MEPs that they were elected to protect Europeans'
fundamental rights and freedom rather than abolishing them in favour of
particular interests."
In a letter of September last year, 11 German civil liberties, journalists,
lawyers and consumer protection organisations "urgently" asked the
Commission, the Council and Parliament to scrap the proposed article 6 (6a)
and "maintain the successful regulation of traffic data" which they say has
"proven to constitute the best guarantee for our safety in information
Second opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the review of
Directive 2002/58/EC concerning the processing of personal data and the
protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (Directive on
privacy and electronic communications) (9.01.2009)
Open leter to MEP rapporteurs (8.12.2008)
Resistance against watering down of traffic data protection (29.10.08)
Position on the processing of traffic data for "security purposes"
2. Privacy and data protection in the Netherlands in 2008
The year 2008 did not improve the course of privacy and data protection in
the Netherlands. The public debate focused on data collection systems
related to fundamental aspects of Dutch citizens' lives, such as
communications, health and movement. Unfortunately, there are no signs that
concerns or incidental public outcry over privacy will lead to significant
improvements to the design of the systems or reconsideration of their goals,
merit and impact on society.
After years of negotiations, the Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA)
approved the data protection guarantees in the smart card system for the
public transport sector. Besides other major implementation problems, the
smart card system introduces a major privacy concern due to the planned
registration of all travel movements of users of the Dutch public transport
system in a central database. At the end of 2008, the DPA approved the
system after receiving guarantees that only derived data would be used for
marketing purposes with an opt-out and that for any processing of personal
travel movements opt-in will be sought. As there are no hard guarantees
that all personal travel data will be deleted or that the system will not
make it possible to access travel movements in identifiable form, many have
expressed their disappointment with the approval. Another transport related
privacy problem that re-entered the public debate in 2008 was the planned
system for road charging. The current design for the system entails the
collection of details about personal travel movements.
The Dutch Parliament considered the data retention implementation law in the
first half of 2008. In this context, a group of prominent academics voiced
their concern that Dutch society is turning into a control society and a
police state. After the Parliament adopted the law, lowering the data
retention term from 18 to 12 months, the Senate has been critically looking
at the proposal ever since. The Senate has also another law under
consideration that would streamline access for the national security agency
to datasets in the public, communications, transport and financial sector.
Probably the most prominent discussion about privacy took place in the
health sector. The Electronic Patient File (EPD), a centralized system for
the collection and exchange of medical data for use by medical
professionals, caused widespread privacy concerns and generated 170 000
objections. Like the public transport smart card, the EPD has major
implementation problems and has recently been postponed. A similar national
dossier system for children, proposed to improve child care by building an
extensive digital dossier of each young individual, is still on the
political agenda. The broadly defined dataset, including medical data,
psychosocial data and subjective opinions about children and their parents,
will be updated for all children until they reach the age of nineteen, after
which it will be kept for another 15 years.
Finally, a government commissioned report on the balance between privacy and
security in the public sector was published. The report, titled "Do it
simply, Simply do it", concludes that government and public agencies should
be pragmatic, but do much more to protect privacy and deal with the possible
tension between privacy and security while doing their work. The report
gives a number of recommendations and a reference framework for dealing with
privacy and security issues. It advises to "keep it simple, facilitate and
ensure that security and privacy are mutually reinforcing as far as
possible." The report has been widely interpreted in the media as a call to
stop addressing fundamental questions related to the widespread processing
of personal data in the public sector.
EDRi-gram: Dutch Parliament lowers data retention term to 12 months
Report, 'DO IT SIMPLY - SIMPLY DO IT, to protect security and privacy', (in
Dutch, Bijlage 4 = English Summary, 22.01.2009)
OV-Chipkaart roll-out creeps forward (16.01.2009)
(Contribution by Joris van Hoboken)
3. Data protection in Italy: Loudly more of the same
I am sorry to say that I am skeptical about "days" dedicated to this or that
cause or problem. They are often ignored, sometimes briefly celebrated,
rarely leave any relevant trace over time. There are so many that we shall
soon have one a week - and it won't be more relevant than brunch on Sunday.
On the loud and confusing current debate in Italy about data protection, the
situation could be summarised in four words. More of the same. There has
been a lot of wiretapping (sometimes real, sometimes imaginary or
overstated) for over sixty years (actually also long before that, but it's
reasonable to start from when Italy returned to democracy and freedom after
World War Two). And of course it extended to electronic
networks since the very beginning. It's a notorious, though rarely
published, fact that there were legitimate police forces, as well as
"undercover" spies by secret services or private interests, including
scamsters and organised crime, lurking since the days when networking was
based on BBSs or newsgroups and the extended use of the internet was not yet
Privacy and data protection were practically ignored until a poorly
conceived law was instated in 1996, creating a bureaucratic body called
"Ufficio del Garante" that was supposed to be an "ombudsman" but, de facto,
has rarely done anything in that role, being much more concerned with
complicated and inefficient formalistic ruling and with occasional attention
to the specific cases of politicians or "famous people" being
embarrassed in their "privacy" or spied in legal or illegal ways.
The currently loud debate is more confusing than it is meaningful. While
everybody is saying that it's about the rights of citizens, the truth is
that it relates to the conflicting interests of politicians and mass media.
There have been, over the years, many episodes (and discussions) about
intercepting private telephone conversations, or online communication -
sometimes legally, sometimes not - including some invasive spying done
secretly by individuals or departments in telecoms - in addition to ISPs
being forced by authorities or police to spy on their customers. Another
source of aggressive debate is the "leaking" to the press of recorded
conversations, including private dialogues unrelated to any criminal
At this stage, it's hard to understand what is actually happening and what
may happen in the next few days or weeks - or maybe never. Italy's Prime
Minister has publicly announced that he will make "shattering revelations",
but we don't know if and when he, or some government spokesman, will
actually do so - and what the "scandal" might imply. There is threatening
talk about new legislation, but so far no indication of what, when and how.
Also the issue of data retention is discussed in contradictory and confusing
statements, some proclaiming the need to extend it in size and time and some
saying the opposite (more for the cost and organisation problems of
generating and maintaining vast databases than for the protection of
citizens' privacy).
Is this just more inconclusive noise, as has happened many times, or will it
lead to some action on a national scale or (as has been suggested) as
recommendations to the European Union and/or on a wider international scale,
maybe including the G8 meeting to be hosted in Italy in July 2009?
Quite simply, we don't know. And, as far as we can tell, nobody (so far) has
a clear idea of what those rulings or suggestions might imply. There may be
some news in the next few days, or it could take much longer, or it could
vanish (if only for a while) from the political and media scene as other
priorities prevail. Right now, we can only wait and see.
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial- Seizures and other abuses - from bad to worse
ALCEI - Data Retention
Data retention - not only a privacy issue - Civil rights and ambiguity of
crime "prevention" (24.01.2004)
Internet freedom, privacy and culture in Italy (and the activity of NGOs)
(contribution by Giancarlo Livraghi - EDRi-member ALCEI - Italy)
4. Romania: Is really privacy a topic in the public debate?
Privacy is a sporadic keyword in the Romanian mass-media. And even less used
in public speech. Becoming an ideal motivation only when talking about some
local stars' private life and their juicy intricacies, the real debate on
the most important issues lacks completely. The Human Rights Committees in
the Parliament seem unfamiliar with the topic and the Data Protection
Authority prefers to keep its quiet status. What to discuss anyway?
A law on the Police DNA database was approved by the Parliament in 2008.
The subject did not seem to be appealing for any public debate and the
Chamber of Deputies Human Rights Committee did not see even a minor problem
with that version, so they adopted it unanimously with no amendments. No
reference or report from the data protection authority was considered
useful, but a "simple reference" to law 677/2001 was indicated. The deletion
of the stored data is possible only by decision of the court or prosecutors
that are investigating the case. Therefore, if they forget about that, you
need to start your own case on this. The law foresees a number of 30 crimes
for which collecting DNA is possible.
The April Eurobarometer that investigated perceptions on data protection
among EU citizens shows that 79% of the Romanians have no idea that there is
a law in the field of personal data. I might add to that: if the other 21%
were asked to name it, probably at least 19% would have found that they were
The same study reveals that Romania is number one in EU countries with the
percentage of the people (47%) not knowing that there are laws allowing
you to have access to your personal data kept by others. Not surprising with
a Data Protection Authority which is understaffed and has insignificant
powers or will to be an active voice in the public sphere.
But let's be more positive. How can you not be happy when you might find,
after you finish your master courses at the prestigious Academy of Economic
Sciences (ASE) in Bucharest, that you have an account at a Romanian Bank
without signing any act or being informed about it. Isn't it funny to get a
bank statement home from a bank account you had no idea about? The bad part
is that there is no money in it, only the traditional bank commission. The
Representative of ASE must be right: the students are to blame, because they
did not check the ASE web page.
And let's be smart. We may find already a few websites presenting now real
databases of Personal Numerical Code (CNP) or just simulated CNP that seem
real. CNP is a piece of 13-figure data on everyone's ID, which should be the
"master identifier". One of the reason of these databases is that some
telecom operators are asking for the CNP data to activate some extra-options
on the pre-paid cards. Should we care?
The Romanian Government decided to start issuing biometric passports
starting with 1 January 2009, after postponing it a couple of times.
Although most of the public comments against the law involved arguments
related with the "corporate conspiracy", "devil's hand" or "666 dangerous
number", a court case has been initiated by a lawyer in order to stop its
application on privacy grounds. It remains to be seen what the judge will
The data retention law was approved by the Parliament, even though all the
major key-actors involved in the discussion have agreed that it is useless
and it will not work. But they have supported it, because Romania can't make
a stand in front of the EU. Not yet, at least. Funny enough, the law
includes the first crime related to the misuse of personal data (the
intentional access to the data without a proper authorization is a crime
punished with prison from 6 months to 2 years.)
Even funnier, after the draft law has received almost no comments and little
interest from the media and general public, the day it entered into force
someone discovered it in the Official Journal and a public outcry started
with tons of newspaper articles on the new law, stating that the law "will
keep all the content of communications, including phone calls, SMSs and
Politicians started to appear on TV claiming privacy breach, when only 3
months before they raised their hands to support the same law. Another
brave action - an online petition - gathered a lot of signatures claiming
that the Romanian Government will create an "archive of all emails sent
by Romanians." All this when the new law says - in black and white - that
the content is not kept. But saying that, you are already a protector of the
government intrusion into the private life.
So, I am wrong - privacy is in the public debate. With the totally wrong
subject and no legal arguments, but it is somewhere there. Shouldn't we be
EDRi-gram: Romanian Govt adopts Data retention law, but calls it inefficient
EDRi-gram: Eurobarometers on data protection in EU (23.04.2008)
Over 300 master students from ASE accuse the institution of opening bank
accounts without their knowledge (only in Romanian, 24.04.2008)
Law 76/2008 - Police DNA Database (only in Romanian)
Some things about biometric passports (only in Romanian, 27.01.2009)
(contribution by Bogdan Manolea, EDRi-member APTI - Romania)
5. UK: Phorm threat
One particular commercial threat to internet privacy should be looked at
very closely by our fellow European Digital Rights campaigners.
That threat is Phorm: an invasive and probably illegal web advertising
technology that could soon be coming to you.
Phorm works by looking at the web traffic between you (an ISP client) and
the sites you visit. Phorm examines the content of the web pages you visit,
and logs keyword information derived from it. Phorm can then deliver adverts
to you based on keyword information.
For instance, if you visit car related sites, and make searches for new car
models, you would start seeing car adverts when you visit Phorm's partner's
UK EDRi-member Open Right Group (ORG) was alerted last March on the serious
privacy concerns Phorm poses, and has been working hard to establish what is
really being advocated.
We believe the technology is fundamentally invasive and illegal. Permission
to examine data moving from website visitor and owner must be approved in
advance by both parties. Not obtaining permission from both parties is
Yet UK ISPs such as BT and Virgin are not seeking to gain permission from
website owners.
Seeing web traffic as belonging to sender and receiver is the right way to
view privacy on the net. The data on websites belongs to many people, and
the data exchanged and the relationship between a client and a website owner
should remain private.
Despite these obvious privacy and legal worries, Phorm could soon be on the
agenda in your country too.
ISPs are interested because it gives them the potential to dominate the
internet advertising sector.
Many 'content creators' and EU governments could be interested in Phorm,
because they perceive ad revenues to be slipping from traditional domestic
This is why you need to be interested, as Phorm's invasive technology could
easily be seen to be a panacea for Europe's advertising market troubles.
Foundation for information policy research - Open Letter to the Information
Commissioner (17.03.2008)
The Phorm storm (12.03.2008)
4 good reasons not to take part in the BT Webwise trial (30.09.2008)
What BERR want from Phorm - and what we think they're missing (19.09.2008)
The Phorm "Webwise" System (18.05.2008)
(contribution by Jim Killock, EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
6. Macedonia: Privacy Developments in 2008
Even though the Constitution of the Republic of Macedonia and the Law on
Personal Data Protection (LPDP), the Criminal Code, Law on Organization and
Operation of State Administrative Bodies and other laws recognize and
protect the rights of privacy, data protection and secrecy of
communications, the implementation of these protections has met with major
difficulties during 2008.
A small number of Macedonian NGOs cover the issue of privacy, and during
2008 their main concerns involved the protection of human rights of children
on the Internet-including the privacy of children-and the protection of
privacy by the police and law enforcement agencies.
In July 2008, the Parliament ratified the Additional Protocol of the
Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic
Processing of Personal Data regarding supervisory authorities and
trans-border data flow. This document was signed on 4 January 2008. In July
2008, the Parliament also enacted the Law that amends the LPDP and increased
the fines for spamming. Both pieces of legislation (the Additional Protocol
and the amendments) came into force on August 19, 2008.
The main amendments and modifications were made for the harmonization with
the EU acquis and CoE Convention, adding specific provisions regarding video
surveillance, the independence of the Directorate for Personal Data
Protection and the simplification of the notification and complaint handling
For the period of 2007-2008, the Directorate gave priority to public
awareness on the right of personal data protection. In cooperation with the
EDRI-member Metamorphosis Foundation it implemented the Norwegian model on
raising public awareness for youngsters, through creation of educational
content and conducting public events in three secondary schools.
During 2008, Metamorphosis Foundation implemented the Children's Rights on
the Internet - Safe and Protected (CRISP) project, co-funded by the European
Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR) and Metamorphosis. It
included establishment of a network of 12 NGOs working on the promotion and
safeguarding of children's rights online in cooperation with the Directorate
for Personal Data Protection. Project activities included developing a
curriculum and educational resources in Macedonian and Albanian, available
both offline and online, and conducting trainings. The trainings covered 50
primary and 20 secondary schools with participation of 8,482 children, 1,138
parents and 1,170 teachers from 12 cities and 7 villages from all parts of
A public panel on privacy in Macedonia held on 26 August 2008, as part of a
public consultation to elaborate the Macedonia Report for Privacy and Human
Rights Report 2008, reiterated the assertions from the previous year that
there has been no public knowledge about cases of implementation of privacy
protection provisions of the Law on Electronic Communications, and spamming
remains widespread practice in the Macedonian business sector. Moreover, at
least one company continues to provide spamming services for other
companies, and the number of Macedonian legal entities who have a privacy
policy remains insignificant.
Even though wiretapping is regulated and unauthorized wiretapping is
prohibited, the wiretapping cases initiated in the past have not reached
closure in court. The most notable example is the process against the state
initiated by 17 journalists who have been subject to surveillance in the
"Big Ear" affair of 2001. Over seven years, four different judges have
unsuccessfully presided over this trial, and it was finally resolved at a
retrial in June 2007. The state was found guilty, but the 17 plaintiffs
stated that they remain dissatisfied with the compensation and the whole
process. Their representatives stated that they won't discontinue the trial
already underway at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, based
on their complaint. In September 2008, the Appellate court confirmed the
verdict of the basic court, but lowered the damages from the initial 6.000
Euros to approximately 4.000 Euros per journalist. The journalists have
stated that "they are not satisfied with the compensation, and the precedent
sets a signal that the violation of human rights is cheap in Macedonia."
After the Parliamentary elections of June 2008, the Government and the
Parliament used an unjustified fast-track procedure, to adopt changes and
amendments to over 164 laws in July and 17 laws in the following month
without any public debate. These changes included amendments of the Criminal
Procedure Code and the Law on Communication Interception that widened the
powers of surveillance for the law enforcement agencies.
Prominent NGOs such as Foundation Open Society Institute - Macedonia,
Association for Criminal Justice and Criminology of Macedonia and Helsinki
Committee for Human Rights of the Republic of Macedonia condemned the
legalization of preventive surveillance and removal of need to justify
special investigative measures with evidence of reasonable doubt before the
judiciary. The NGOs warned that these changes can turn Macedonia from a
state based on a rule of law into a "police state unconcerned with respect
of basic human rights and freedoms."
In practice, even the older, stricter legislation was not enforced. The
Parliamentary Committee for the supervision of the application of
communication interception techniques by the Ministry of the Interior and
the Ministry of Defense was denied access to data and did not issue any
reports during 2008.
Metamorphosis Foundation also provided opportunities for raising awareness
of opinion and decision makers, for instance, by including data protection
sessions within the 2008 agenda of the Fourth International Conference
e-Society.mk focused on ICT in Education.
In order to raise the public awareness also, Metamorphosis also formed an
ad-hoc coalition of NGOs and other institutions to celebrate the Freedom Not
Fear Day in Macedonia. FNF coincided with the public holiday of 11 October -
the Day of uprising against fascism in World War II, and involved organizing
public debate at the faculty of law and distribution of information on video
surveillance on university campuses and the centre of Skopje, including an
infostand and public survey. Several thousands of people were reached by
these activities, and most citizens expressed concerns about various ways of
"spying" conducted by the Government, corporations and individuals which
threaten their privacy.
During 2008, legal experts and human rights activists raised concerns about
the extensive use of detention and violation of privacy and the presumption
of innocence. The Macedonian Helsinki Committee and the Human Rights Project
continuously condemned spectacular arrests by the police, which included
inviting the media to film the handcuffed suspects escorted by law
enforcement officers. Only one TV station with license for national
coverage, TV Telma, adopted a policy to no longer broadcast such arrests and
police-escorted transports.
Reacting changes in the legislation the Helsinki Committee also organized
public debate on the reasonable expectations in regard to privacy protection
versus efficiency in the fight against crime and corruption in a state of
laws on 25 November 2005. However, state representatives failed to appear at
the debate and provide arguments that would alleviate the concerns raised by
the representatives of the civil and academic sector.
Metamorphosis Foundation
International Conference e-Society.mk
Macedonia: Public outcry over new legislation for preventive surveillance
Freedom Not Fear in Macedonia (10-11.10.2008)
Debate on Privacy in Macedonia (26.08.2008)
Appellate court confirms: The Big Ear Journalists were
wiretapped (only in Macedonian, 2.09.2008)
Decree for enacting the Law for changing and amending the Law on Personal
Data Protection (only in Macedonian, 19.08.2008)
Fees ranging from 500 to 2000 Euros for unwanted spam-messages (only in
Macedonian, 29.08.2008)
Debate on Privacy in Macedonia, Metamorphosis Foundation (29.09.2008)
Directorate of Data Protection in Macedonia - Legal grounds for the
protection of personal data in the national legislation
Helsinki Committee for Human Rights of the Republic of Macedonia
Human Rights Support Project
(contribution by EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation - Macedonia)
7. Austria: Some EU data protection policy developments in 2008
In Austria the international data protection day on 28 January will pass by
widely unrecognised. This year, as already in 2008, the Data Protection
Commission (DSK; the Austrian Data Protection Authority) and the Data
Protection Council (DSR; a political advisory board) will together organise
a meeting for a strictly limited amount of interested persons (max. 100
participants) where they will present European and international
developments in data protection. In contrary to 2008, where they were
confronted with by far more than 100 registrations, the event was promoted
very poorly. On the homepage of the DSK and on the 'Data Protection Day'
website on the Council of Europe website it is not even mentioned!
This situation is somewhat symptomatic for Austrian data protection. Data
protection here usually is not for the masses, it is an administrative task
that rather involves formalised decisions than public debate and open
discussions. It's a pity that the organisers of this years event chose to
maintain the access restrictions. Opening the event for a broader audience
would have given the option for further development towards an annual
Austrian Data Protection Conference. For this year the chance is gone but
there is another chance next year. We'll keep you informed.
The following paragraphs provide a summary of major developments in the past
year with regard to legislative initiatives, surveillance trends and
important data breaches. Finally an outlook to the coming years will be
Legislative Initiatives
On 6. December 2007 the Austrian Parliament adopted a reform of the law on
security police. Ten minutes before midnight of that day (the last
parliamentary session of the year) members of the governing parties (Social
Democrats and Conservatives) tabled an amendment that significantly
increased the surveillance possibilities for security police, while ignoring
the usual parliamentarian workflow of discussing amendments in the relevant
committee before voting. Result of this initiative is that mobile
telecommunication and Internet providers have to provide location
information of mobile phones and IP addresses on request of security police.
A court permission is not required! In the first five weeks of 2008 location
data of 82 mobile phone users and the identity of 2.766 subscribers were
requested. According to an article published in the Austrian newspaper "Die
Presse" there are 32 such requests per day. The members of the Parliament
who tabled the mentioned amendment received the Austrian Big Brother Award
2008. Several complaints against the law were filed with the Austrian
Constitutional Court.
In April 2008 an amendment to the Data Protection Act 2000 was published for
comments. Key elements are legal requirements for video surveillance by
private operators, new requirements for private businesses with at least 20
employees to create the position of a data protection supervisors and
harmonisation of responsibilities (the federal government gets all data
protection competences). Currently the Data Protection Commission has to
approve video surveillance installations of private operators. According to
the proposed amendment video surveillance will be allowed in future if
dangerous attacks or criminal offences were committed in that area within
the last 10 years, or if expensive objects worth more than 100.000 EUR or of
exceptional artistic value need to be protected. Video surveillance needs to
be properly announced and will remain prohibited in toilets and changing
rooms. Furthermore the amendment proposes a centralised database of all
private video surveillance installations. If needed the police will be
allowed to access the data of these cameras. In general the retention of
video data will be limited to 48 hours, which can be extended on request to
the DSK. In future it will not be required to file realtime
video-surveillance with the DSK. Police access to highway video surveillance
is envisaged and fortunate discoveries may be used for penal action. Due to
the premature reelections of the Austrian Parliament in 2008 the amendment
to the Data Protection Act 2000 finally did not make its way through the
legislative process. It is expected to re-appear in 2009.
On the proposal of the European Commission on the use of Passenger Name
Record data, a Social Democrat MPs tabled a motion for resolution with the
Austrian Parliament. They proposed to wait for the decision of the European
Court on the structural similar data retention directive and on the entering
into force of the Lisbon treaty. Furthermore they ask to consider the
opinion of Article 29 working group on the Commission proposal, since there
are severe data protection concerns.
Data retention - The data retention directive is still not implemented in
Austria. There are no known plans to do so in the near future.
On biometric passports the Council of Ministers decided in June 2008, that
fingerprints of the two index fingers (if existing) will be stored on an
RFID chip on the passport. The data additionally will be stored for up to
four months at the Staatsdruckerei, which produces the passports. Currently
the parliamentarian decision making process is ongoing: On 21.01.2009 the
National Council adopted the respective law with votes of all represented
parties except the Greens. The Federal Council will vote on it on
27.01.2009, one day before the International Data Protection Day. It is
expected that the law will not be rejected there.
In 2007 the Federal Minister of the Interior and the Federal Minister of
Justice agreed on the implementation of hidden uses of remote forensic
software (so called federal trojan horses) and established a working group
to work on the details of the legal and technical issues. In April 2008 the
working group published its final report. The experts claimed that from a
constitutional point of view a number of fundamental rights are affected
which limit the implementation of such online-searches and constitute
warranty deeds for the state.
Surveillance Trends
The major surveillance trends of 2008 all focus on uses of video
surveillance. In traffic control we saw the introduction of systems for
automated checking of road tax vignettes, automated scanning of vehicle
number plates where the collected data is checked against a wanted vehicles
list, and the use of video surveillance for the execution of speed limits
(section control). In the case of section control Austrian highest courts
decided that it only may be used on a case by case order of the competent
Minister, including a detailed description of the special setup.
Other examples of increased video surveillance are the pilot-use of
video-surveillance in trains of Vienna's underground, where data are stored
for 48 hours, video surveillance in trains from the Austrian Railway and
video surveillance in residential buildings owned by the City of Vienna
where garages, elevators and rooms for dust bin storage will be monitored.
The pilot phase of the so called dust bin monitoring was approved by the DSK
and will last until end 2009. Aim is the protection against vandalism.
Important data breaches
In 2008 the case of a teenage asylum seeker and her family received lots of
media coverage in Austria. When the pressure on the Ministry of the Interior
was too intense, personal data on a family member from the police
information system EKIS and from the police file index leaked to the public.
Pictures from these files together with a corresponding press release were
published on the Internet by a senior official of the Ministry. Police
investigations on this data leakage are ongoing.
The administration of the residential buildings of the City of Vienna,
Wiener Wohnen, sent a questionnaire to all 220 000 renters of their flats
asking for their opinion on their flat, their neighbours, the surrounding of
the building, the security situation, their administration and the City of
Vienna. Wiener Wohnen offered that the questionnaire could be returned
anonymously by blacking the Name printed on the form. The responsible City
Council said, that the barcode on the second page of the form only would be
used as a reference to the administrative district the answer came from.
This was in the best case misleading, since the barcode contained the
renters complete customer number, which allowed for a personalisation of the
answers given on the questionnaire. The director of Wiener Wohnen received
the Austrian Big Brother Award 2008.
After the premature reelections in 2008 a new government took office last
year. Their government programme includes the following topics relevant to
data protection: The use of remote forensic software (so called federal
trojan horses) by police will be allowed. It will be clarified that the DSK
is not competent in cases where the Criminial Investigation Department is
active in cases of criminal law. The cooperation with Schengen partners will
be intensified, common Visa- and Biometric-Centers will be established,
possible cooperation with external service providers (outsourcing) will be
analysed. A DNA-Offensive aims for a nationwide collection and analysis of
DNA samples and will serve as a basis for new application areas. Electronic
health records will gain increased importance.
The implementation of the data retention directive is not mentioned in the
government programme. A decision of the Constitutional Court on the
complaints against the law on Security Police is expected in 2009.
At this years election of the Austrian Students Union in May 2009 the
Federal Government wants to run an e-voting pilot. The Austrian Students
Union strongly opposes these plans due to unresolved legal and technical
questions. Also the Data Protection Council advised to refrain from this
plans. This pilot election is commonly considered to be a test-case for the
use of e-voting in elections to the Austrian Parliament.
Data Protection Commission
Law on Security Police (only in German)
Die Presse on access to location information and IP addresses by Security
Police (only in German)
Austrian Big Brother Awards (only in German)
Proposed amendment to the Data Protection Act 2000 (only in German)
Motion for a resolution on PNR-data (only in German)
Parliamentary decision on biometric passports (only in German)
Final report of the working group on remote forensic software (so called
federal trojan horses)(only in German)
Government programme of the Austrian Federal Government (only in German)
Opinion of the Data Protection Council on E-Voting at the elections to the
Austrian Students Union (only in German)
(contribution by Michael Hofer and Andreas Krisch - EDRi member VIBE!AT)
8. France: Who have they forgotten to control today?
The CNIL, the French Data Protection Authority, has published on 20 January
2009 a report on a massive control operation it conducted on the STIC
("Systhme de traitement des infractions constaties" or "Recorded offences
treatment system"), a huge police database. The report reveals that the STIC
is consulted by each one of the 100.000 authorised policemen 200 times a
year on average. This immediately reminded me the old British Telecom's
slogan: "who have you forgotten to call today?"
Police files have been the main concern in France in 2008, especially after
the creation, by decrees published on 1st July 2008, of two new intelligence
databases, EDVIGE and CRISTINA. CRISTINA aims at "Centralising inland
intelligence for homeland security and national interests", and is covered
by the defence secret, which means that no one knows any detail on this
file. This is not the case of EDVIGE, which has generated such a massive
mobilization in the society that the government had finally to withdraw the
EDVIGE decree in November 2008.
EDVIGE would have systematically gathered information on any person having
applied for or exercised a political, union or economical mandate or playing
a significant institutional, economical, social or religious part as well as
information on any person, starting from the age of 13, considered by the
police as a "suspect" potentially capable of disrupting the public order.
After the strong opposition of a large number of associations, political
parties, unions and individuals, with a petition signed by almost 220.000
individuals and 1200 associations, a complaint filed by 12 labour unions and
rights organizations, among them EDRI-member IRIS, before the French highest
administrative court, and a huge national day against EDVIGE on 16 October
where 10.000 persons took part in demonstrations in 60 French cities, the
government finally had to react. It announced a modified project, called
EDVIRSP, not yet published. While the new file would explicitly exclude
information related to people's health or sexual orientation, it would keep
other sensitive personal data such as ethnical origin, as well as political,
philosophical, religious opinions or union affiliation, and would still
allow the police to store data on minors starting at the age of 13 if they
are considered a threat to public safety.
CNIL's President said that "the STIC is more dangerous than EDVIGE", because
of the huge number of errors the CNIL has found in the STIC. But the main
difference is that the CNIL will never be able to establish errors in
EDVIGE, contrarily to the STIC, because EDVIGE will never contain any fact,
but simply presumption of facts that could be committed.
The STIC is dangerous enough, however. The file exists since 1995, but was
officially created only in 2001. The CNIL report established that the STIC
now concerns half of the French population, without any age limitation. An
individual is registered in the STIC by the police after an offence has been
committed. The point is that one can be registered either as a victim, or as
the suspected author of the offence. Then the file is supposed to be updated
after a court decision, which might find that the suspected author is not
guilty. But the CNIL report findings are that this update very seldom
occurs, and that sometimes a victim is mistakenly registered as a suspect.
All in all, the STIC error rate found by the CNIL is 83%. Not only this
error rate is 'staggering' as CNIL's President commented, but also it has
major social consequences, since in 2003 a law extended the STIC's purposes
to the records checking of people applying to a large range of jobs,
especially in the security field. The report evaluates to 1 million the
number of persons who weren't hired, or were fired from their jobs, simply
because they were wrongly recorded in the STIC, sometimes because they
actually were a victim, sometimes because their situation wasn't updated
after a court decision. STIC opponents warned against these dangers as early
as 10 years ago. Here we are now.
In December 2008, another report commissioned by the French Ministry of
Interior has inventoried some 45 police files, whereas 34 were already in
place in 2006. Some of them contain biometric and genetic data.
Among the biometric files, a centralized population database is currently
being established, with the decree on French biometric passport having been
published on 30 April 2008. A complaint filed against the French government
by EDRI-member IRIS and the French Human Rights League is still pending.
Main arguments of the complaint are: the collection of 8 digital
fingerprints of the passport holder (whereas the European Council regulation
requires only 2), the fact that this also applies to children starting from
age 6, and the creation of a centralized database containing all information
on the passport holder, including biometric data.
Another pending complaint against the French government concerns the ELOI
database, created to manage the expulsion of illegal migrants. The complaint
has been filed by EDRI-member IRIS, with the French Human Rights League and
two other French organizations for the support of migrants. This database
has been created by decree on 26 December 2007, after the same organizations
won a previous complaint against a first version of ELOI. For the
plaintiffs, a data retention period of 3 years, as well as the collection of
migrants' children data, remain violating the French and European
legislation on data protection.
These files are only examples of a strong and enduring trend in France,
which consist in huge centralized population databases, increased use of
biometric and genetic data, considering migrants as a target, and, last but
not least, specifically targeting children.
Year 2008 has shown however that the concern is growing in the general
public, and this is a good sign. While the French have not really reacted to
data retention issues, they seem to start considering that police databases
and other files created by other administrations, especially when they
concern children, are now going too far. When the government is facing
massive citizen mobilisation, it has to go backwards. This is the lesson
learnt with EDVIGE in 2008.
Year 2009 needs to be carefully watched out, though. The law implementing
the "graduated response" or the "three strikes approach" against filesharers
is expected to pass this year. New measures to fight cybercrime have also
been announced. EDVIRSP, the new version of EDVIGE, is expected soon. And
the draft law on biometric ID cards is ready for months, and will probably
be submitted to the Parliament as soon as things will calm down on the
privacy front.
CNIL Report: Conclusions on the control of the STIC (only in
French, 20.01.2009)
IRIS Press Release: ' CNIL's control of the STIC: a healthy exercise, but
timorous conclusions' (only in French, 23.01.2009)
EDRI-gram: French EDVIGE decree withdrawn (3.12.2008)
French Interior Ministry Report: 'Better controlling mechanisms
implementation to better protect freedoms' (11.12.2008, only in French)
EDRI-gram: Complaint Against The French Govt To Annul The Biometric Passport
Decree (16.07.2008)
EDRI-gram: Eloi - A French Database To Manage The Expulsion Of Illegal
Migrants (16.01.2008)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI member IRIS - France)
9.  Privacy in Germany 2008: A new fundamental right, a privacy mass
movement, and the usual surveillance suspects
The year of 2008 can be marked as the year where privacy moved high on the
public agenda in Germany. On 1st of January, the law on data retention went
into effect, which made Germany drop from number one to seven in the country
ranking published by Privacy International. At the same day, a
constitutional challenge was submitted at the supreme court. The German
working group on data retention and its allies managed to have more than
34,000 people participate in this case - the largest constitutional
complaint ever seen in German history. The paperwork had to be brought to
the constitutional court in huge moving boxes, which also offered a nice
photo opportunity for everyone wanting to demonstrate how many people oppose
data retention.
In February we saw the constitutional court decision on secret online
searches of peoples' hard drives (the "federal trojan"). The court limited
the use of this tool for cases where there are "factual indications of a
concrete danger" in a specific case for the life, body and freedom of
persons or for the foundations of the state or the existence of humans,
government agencies may use these measures after approval by a judge. The
decision was widely considered a landmark ruling, because it also
constituted a new "basic right to the confidentiality and integrity of
information-technological systems" as part of the general personality rights
in the German constitution.
In March, the Chaos Computer Club published the fingerprint of the federal
minister for the interior, Wolfgang Schduble. This sparked high public
attention and made frontpage news, and proved that biometric athentication
as introduced in the German passport and identity card is not safe at all.
Inspired by the recent successes, the growing number of privacy activists
held a de-central action day in May. Different kinds of activities, like
demonstrations, flash mobs, information booths, privacy parties, workshops,
and cultural activities took place in all over Germany.
Over the summer, some of the biggest German companies helped in raising
public awareness of the risks of large data collections. Almost every week,
there were reports on a big supermarket chain spying on its employees, on
cd-roms with tens of thousands of customer data sets from call centers -
including bank account numbers - being sold on the grey market, on the
largest German telecommunications provider using retained traffic data for
spying on its supervisory board and on high-ranking union members, on an
airline using its booking system to spy on critical journalists, on two
large universities accidentially making all student data available online,
or on a big mobile phone provider "losing" 17 million customer data sets.
The Federal Government, under building public pressure, introduced some
small changes for the federal data protection law, but at the same time
continued its push for more surveillance measures in the hands of the
federal criminal agency (Bundeskriminalamt, BKA). These included the secret
online searches the constitutional court had just cut down to very
exceptional circumstances a few months earlier. The German public discussed
these moves very critically, especially since journalists are exempted from
special protections that are given to priests, criminal defense lawyers, and
Because of the public concern and debate about privacy risks, the call to
another mass street protest was even more successful than ever before. The
"Freedom not Fear"action day on 11th October was the biggest privacy event
of the year. In Berlin, between 50,000 and 70,000 persons protested
peacefully against data retention and other forms of "surveillance mania",
making it the biggest privacy demonstration in German history. Privacy
activists in many cities all over the world participated with very diverse
and creative kinds of activities and turned this day into the first
international action day "Freedom not Fear".
The anti-surveillance protests finally kicked off some serious discussion
within the Social Democratic Party in a number of the German ldnder
(states). This resulted in a loss of the majority for the law on the federal
criminal agency (BKA) in the second chamber (Bundesrat) in the first vote.
It only was passed weeks later, after some changes were introduced, and with
heavy pressure from leading federal Social Democrats. The new law is still
seen as unconstitutional by many legal and privacy experts and in January
2009 a case was submitted to the constitutional court.
Privacy activists in the fall of 2008 also campaigned against the retention
on flight passenger name records, forcing Brigitte Zypries, the German
minister of justice, to freeze her plans on the matter until after the
federal elections in the fall of 2009. More recently, the working group on
data retention attacked the "voluntary data retention" proposed in the EU
telecom package, as well as the renewed data exchange agreements between the
EU and the USA.
EDRi-gram: Germany: New basic right to privacy of computer systems
EDRi-gram: German constitutional challenge on Data Retention (12.03.2008)
EDRi-gram: Fingerprinting the fingerprint proponent (9.04.2008)
EDRi-gram: German Protests in over 30 cities against surveillance(2.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: International Action Day "Freedom not Fear" (22.10.2008)
(contribution by Annika Kremer, Working Group on Data Retention, and Ralf
Bendrath, EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien - Germany)
10. Some EU data protection policy developments in 2008
Will the 2008 be remembered as the Data Retention implementation year or the
first Freedom not Fear day? As always with the conclusions, we might answer
better this question in 2009 or 2018. But let's look at some facts from the
last year now
One of the main hot privacy topics during 2008 was related to the
implementation of the EU data retention Directive 2006/24/EC in several
European countries. Despite the fact that data retention has been resisted
in some countries in Europe, with 15 March 2009 as the final day for
starting to retain Internet-related data, most of the EU member states
adopted data retention laws only in 2008. The reactions have been strong,
but in just a few cases led to the review of the respective laws.
Germany has seen large debates and protests after the adoption of the data
retention law at the end of 2007. In February 2008, the German Working Group
on Data Retention submitted to the German Federal Constitutional Court the
mandates of over 34 000 citizens willing to fight against the storage of
their telecommunications. A preliminary decision taken by the Court on 19
March 2008 supported the case, considering that parts of the German act are
unconstitutional pending review.
In Bulgaria, on 11 December 2008, the Bulgarian Supreme Administrative Court
(SAC) annulled article 5 of the national legislation that implements the
Data retention Directive, following a lawsuit initiated by Access to
Information Program(AIP). Article 5 of the Bulgarian Regulation # 40 that
was issued by the State Agency on Information Technologies and Communication
and the Ministry of Interior provided for a "passive access through a
computer terminal" by the Ministry of Interior, as well as access without
court permission by security services and other law enforcement bodies, to
all retained data by Internet and mobile communication providers.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) is still considering the action started
on 6 July 2006 by Ireland against the Council of the European Union and
European Parliament on the formal grounds for adopting the Data Retention
A first hearing of the action by ECJ took place on 1 June 2008 in
Luxembourg. The legal basis of the data retention directive was supported by
the European Parliament and Council, but also by the Commission, Spain,
Netherlands and EDPS, Peter Hustinx. On 14 October 2008, the ECJ Advocate
General gave his opinion on the case considering the data retention
directive was founded on an appropriate legal basis, therefore recommending
the dismissal of the action. The decision of the Court will be made public
on 10 February 2009.
The German Working Group on Data Retention drafted an amicus curiae brief in
this case claiming that the data retention directive was also illegal on
human rights grounds, breaching the right to respect for private life and
correspondence, the freedom of expression and the protection of property.
The German Group was joined by several civil liberties NGOs and professional
associations, including EDRi.
It appears that the ECJ will not look into those aspects, but a future
action is possible in asking the European Court to consider the
compatibility with human rights. This could be initiated by the German
Federal Constitutional Court as an issue realted with the action from the
German Working Group of Data Retention and/or by the Irish courts, following
the action initiated by EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland.
An international day of action against data retention took place on 11
October under the name "Freedom not Fear". During that day, protests took
place in more than 15 countries worldwide against surveillance measures such
as the collection and retention of all telecommunications data. The
surveillance of air travellers and the biometric registration of citizens
was another subject of the "Freedom not Fear" day, as 2008 has seen
developments on the issue.
The PNR US-EU agreement continued to raise questions and worries with many
negotiations between the US government and the European Commission. In
March, the German Working Group on Data Retention published two applications
to the European Court of Justice contesting the transfer of PNR data to the
US arguing that the collection of all PNR data violated the basic right to
privacy and protection of our personal data, authorities were given an
unforeseeable use of the data for other purposes, and that passengers'
sensitive data were not effectively protected against access. A recent
report from US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) regarding the Passenger
Name Record (PNR) information from the EU-US flights confirms a number of
major disfunctionalities, that proves the DHS did not comply with the EU
agreement or with the US legislation in its use of PNR.
At the European level, despite the large opposition, the European Council
decided to extend the PNR scheme to the EU space, following the position of
some governments which expressed their intention to even extend the PNR
scheme to all types of travel and even among EU countries.
The text proposed in October 2008 included the choice of individual states
to take the measure at the national level meaning that PNR would be
collected by all Member States on all flights in and out of the EU and the
choice of surveying intra-community flights belonged to the Member States.
The attempt to pile up DNA databases was continued in 2008 with the UK as
leader. However the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) decision taken on
4 December in the Marper case could change the way things are working today.
ECHR confirmed that, in agreement with Article 8 of the European Convention
on Human Rights, the retention of cellular samples, fingerprints and DNA
profiles constituted an infringement of the right for private life.
On 24 September 2008, the Telecom Package of rules governing the Internet
and telecoms sectors proposed by the European Commission was approved by the
European Parliament in the first reading. Despite the amendments brought by
the EP, the package is still worrying the civil rights groups, both on data
retention and IP issues. The voluntary data retention issue is one of the
major hot topics contested by the civil society (see also the first article
in this EDRi-gram).
A promising amendment was proposed by the European Parliament to the
ePrivacy Directive that included the obligation of the information society
services providers to notify personal data related security breaches to the
national authorities which was suggested by the European Data Protection
Supervisor's opinion in April. But the new texts suggested by the Commission
and the Council seem to contradict the Parliament and the final decision
will probably be taken in the second reading, estimated for April 2009.
We can not wish to have a conclusion that may clear the waters. The
optimists will look at the full part of the glass where we might see the
ECHR Marper
case. The pesmists mights see the EU PNR scheme or some strange provisions
of the Telecom Package.
EDRI page on data retention
EDRI page on PNR
EDRI page on biometrics
EDRi page on privacy
National data retention policies
11. Towards International Data Protection Standards
In October 2008, the 30th International Conference of Privacy and Data
Protection Commissioners in Strassbourg adopted a resolution on the urgent
need for protecting privacy in a borderless world, and for reaching a Joint
Proposal for setting International Standards on Privacy and Personal Data
Following this resolution, the Spanish Data Protection Authority (DPA) - as
the organiser of the 31st international DPA Conference to be held in
November 2009 - has set up a working group on drafting this Joint Proposal.
The first meeting of this working group was held on invitation of the
Spanisch DPA and the DPA of Catalonia on 12 January in Barcelona.
Participants in this meeting were not only the interested international Data
Protection Authorities but also data protection experts from academia,
businesses and civil society, amongst which EDRi.
EDRi very much welcomes this standardisation initative of the International
Conference of Privacy and Data Protection Commissioners. Provided that the
defined standards are not set below the requirements of the current European
data protection legislation - which is very unlikely to happen - an
international standard on data protection will not only serve as an
important tool for international data exchange but also as a worldwide
benchmark for data protection legislation. Besides that, it provides the
opportunity to work on issues that are likely to cause difficulties with
emerging technologies (like for example the concept of the data controller
in RFID environments or cloud computing).
As this one day meeting clearly showed, the creation of an international
standard on Privacy and Personal Data Protection is not an easy task and it
is by far unclear whether this task can possibly be completed by the next
International Conference of Privacy and Data Protection Commissioners in
November 2009 in Madrid. But with the draft document provided by the
organisers of the meeting and the inputs provided by the participants in the
meeting a first step is already taken. In the following months the working
group will go into the details and present the outcomes at the Madrid
Resolution on the urgent need for protecting privacy in a borderless world,
and for reaching a Joint Proposal for setting International Standards on
Privacy and Personal Data Protection adopted by the 30th International
Conference of Privacy and Data Protection Commissioners (17.10.2008)
Announcement of the Barcelona Meeting by the DPA of Catalonia (only in
Spanish, 8.01.2009)
Intervention of the director of the DPA of Catalonia (only in Spanish,
Press statement of the Spanish DPA (only in Spanish, 13.01.2009)
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
12. Recommended Action
Declaration to Reject the Copyright Term Extension Directive with
signatories (01.2009)
Reject term extension directive (21.01.2009)
13. Recommended Reading
Article 29 Working Party  - The 2007 Annual Report
14. Agenda
3-4 February 2009, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
10th Annual Privacy and Security Conference "Life in a Digital Fishbowl: A
Struggle for Survival or a Sea of Opportunity?"
7-8 February 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Free and Open source Software Developers' European Meeting (FOSDEM)
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
27-29 March 2009, Manchaster, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property" An International Interdisciplinary
1-3 April 2009, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2009 "Shift happens"
Subconference: 2nd European Privacy Open Space
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
Call for papers, deadline 13 March 2009
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
First proposals to be submitted by 1 February 2009
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
Call for papers by 27 February 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
15. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-07-01 21:17:13
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.13, 1 July 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.13, 1 July 2009
1. Article 29 Working Party on online social networking
2. Rapidshare forced by the court to filter more than 5000 tracks
3. Judge unbiased, no retrial for The Pirate Bay
4. 'Right to the silence of the chips' in the new EC Communication
5. Norway will not chase file-sharers
6. France: No to new EDVIGE!
7. Swedish court: IP addresses are personal data
8. The French Government acts like a bulldog with its three strikes law
9. ENDitorial: EU DP - state of the play, potential for enhancements
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Article 29 Working Party on online social networking
Article 29 Working Party issued on 22 June 2009 an opinion on how European
privacy laws affect social networking sites such as Facebook or Myspace.
The opinion states the social networking sites should be responsible for the
compliance to European privacy laws and, on the other hand, that users of
such sites should upload pictures or information about other individuals
only with the consent of the respective individuals.
Presently, social networking users share pictures and tag friends' images
without requiring a prior consent and generally, communicate publicly,
placing their own and others' private information on shared "walls".
The Data Protection Authorities recommend that users are given the opt out
choice and are warned of the privacy risks and on the personal data that is
being made available to others. The opinion says that "the homepage should
contain a link to a complaint facility covering data protection issues for
both members and non-members".
The group also draws attention to the processing of personal data on the
Internet for commercial purposes, recommending that before using the
collected data aimed for personalised advertisements, the sites should
obtain the prior consent of the respective users. Data on sensitive
topics such as race, religion or sexual orientation should not be processed
or passed on to advertisers and individuals should be allowed to adopt a
pseudonym. Special attention should be given to the processing of the
minors' personal data. This is an opinion that has been lately supported by
the European Commission which has announced future strong measures to
regulate online tailored ads.
The opinion also advises imposing limits on retaining the data of inactive
users believing that abandoned accounts, together with their accompanying
data, should be deleted.
The Article 29 Working Party's opinion is based on the principle that social
networking websites must be subject to the EU Data Protection Directive even
when their headquarters are outside the European Union space.
The group interprets the definition of "data controller" as covering  the
service providers who, therefore, must adhere to
privacy laws. Although an exception is made for personal or "household"
users, when users broadcast or gather information very widely via such
sites, they become data controllers themselves which could affect users who
organise concerts, human rights letter-writing campaigns or try to sell a
homemade product online.
The recommendations are not binding but show the trend in the legislative
measures that might be taken in the future at the national as well as EU
level. The group has focused lately on privacy issues related to search
engines and its initiatives have led to actions in this direction. The big
search engines such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo!, have been pressed to
reduce the retention period of data collected from their users.
The opinion has implications on the way the responsibility of social
networks themselves is seen in carrying images and information that could
breach protecting privacy and security rules.
The European Commission has lately focused more on protecting citizens and
consumers' privacy and social networking websites are considered potentially
dangerous for inexpert users.
Information Society Commissioner Viviane Reding has shown her support to
this line of action and has kept pushing the major players in this field in
adopting a code of conduct meant to protect young users, threatening to
otherwise take further action to protect privacy.
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party - Opinion 5/2009 on online social
networking (12.06.2009)
German version
French version
EU data monitors outline Facebook ground rules (25.06.2009)
EU privacy regulators eye online social networks (25.06.2009)
Citizens' privacy must become priority in digital age, says EU Commissioner
Reding (14.04.2009)
EDRI-gram: Behavioural targeting at the European Consumer Summit (8.04.2009)
2. Rapidshare forced by the court to filter more than 5000 tracks
The file-sharing site Rapidshare.de has recently lost another case to the
German copyright society GEMA, being ordered by the Regional Court in
Hamburg to "proactively filter" more than 5000 tracks from GEMA's catalogue.
In January 2008, another regional court in D|sseldorf had already found that
RapidShare was responsible for what its users uploaded to the service.
Hence, RapidShare implemented a screening process and maintained hashes of
files that were pulled down for infringement but GEMA was not contented with
this and went back to court.
GEMA created a software that can search web forums and extract links to
content that seem to infringe GEMA's copyrights but Rapidshare complained
that the software did not work. "It's questionable whether the application
can deal with mechanisms to prevent the scraping of links, open encrypted
files, accurately identify audio files or find links in forums that can't be
accessed by search engines," said Rapidshare CEO Bobby Chang.
In October 2008, the court decided the systems implemented by Rapidshare
were not efficient enough considering that "a business model that doesn't
use common methods of prevention cannot claim the protection of the law."
"The judgment states that the hosting service itself is now responsible for
making sure that none of the music tracks concerned are distributed via its
platform in the future. (...) This means that the copyright holder is no
longer required to perform the ongoing and complex checks," was GEMA's
The decision may imply that, in the future, user-generated content sites
located in Germany will need to take proactive, efficient measures to screen
copyrighted material.
"We do not consider the court's decision to be a breakthrough," said Chang,
who added:
"As other proceedings in similar disputes with GEMA have shown, there is
considerable disparity amongst the individual courts in some cases. Our
experience is that the courts of appeal tend to restrict the scope of the
decisions made by the lower courts."
Rapidshare has announced that they would appeal the verdict.
Rapidshare to appeal German court decision (29.06.2009)
Rapidshare stung with 24m fine (24.06.2009)
German Court Orders RapidShare to Proactively Filter Songs (23.06.2009)
Achtung! RapidShare ordered to filter all user uploads (24.06.2009)
EDRI-gram: RapidShare needs to check every file for copyright infringement
3. Judge unbiased, no retrial for The Pirate Bay
On 25 June 2009, Sweden's Court of Appeal ruled that judge Norstrvm in The
Pirate Bay (TPB) case was not biased as the lawyers representing TPB
founders had claimed. Therefore there will be no retrial for TPB in
Stockholm District Court.
The TPB lawyers had accused Norstrvm of being in a conflict of interests as
he was a member of several organizations funded by the recording industry
organization IFPI. The Court of Appeal acknowledged that the judge was a
member of organisations acting in the interests of rights holders, but
emphasized that copyright holders benefited of constitutional protection
under the Swedish law. "We have reached the conclusion that we do not agree
with the conflict of interest claim," said appeals court judge Anders Eka to
news agency TT. "For a judge to back the principles on which this
legislation rests cannot be considered bias," said the court ruling.
The court criticised Norstrvm for not having stated, before the trial, that
he was a member of those organizations but considered this was not
sufficient reason to declare the district court verdict null and void.
"This is part of a pattern. It shows that the Swedish legal system is no
longer to be trusted when it comes to copyright cases. It's a travesty of
justice quite simply", commented newly elected European Parliament member
Christian Engstrvm of the Swedish Pirate Party who added: "There are
certainly problems with the laws too but this also shows that the courts are
not capable of applying the laws in a correct manner. I've been a lay judge
for seven years and I've never seen an indictment as bad as the Pirate Bay
verdict. But that didn't stop the court from setting ridiculous sentences."
The Pirate Bay defendants can still appeal the results of the first trial.
One of them, Peter Sunde has stated: "The Pirate Bay will now file charges
against Sweden for violation for Human Rights. ... (The bias-judge is
himself biased...)".
The Pirate Bay faces now another legal case brought to court by the Dutch
anti-piracy organization BREIN which wants to close the file-sharing site in
the Netherlands and see three of TPB founders to court on 21 July. As the
organization was unable to find the exact whereabouts of the three men, it
used Twitter and Facebook social networking websites to deliver the court
"The internet works both for those who respect copyrights and those who
violate them. Now they know that the hearing will take place on July 21st in
Amsterdam," said BREIN CEO Tim Kuik.
However, it remains to be seen whether the summoned founders will show up.
Neij who is living in Bangkok, Thailand, claimed he had seen no summons on
the respective sites. "I have Twitter and Facebook accounts, but I haven't
seen anything about it," he told the TT news agency.
In a recent announcement posted by Thelocal.se on 30 June 2009, said that
The PirateBay "is set to be purchased for 60 million crowns (approx. $5.55
million euros) by Global Gaming Factory X (GGF), a company specializing in
internet cafi management software." GGF said in its statement that it wanted
content providers and copyright owners to get paid for content downloaded.
TPB has confirmed on their blog that they might get aquired by the above
mentioned company.
No retrial in Pirate Bay case (25.06.2009)
Dutch Antipiracy Organization Takes Aim at Pirate Bay (24.06.2009)
Pirate Bay served with Dutch lawsuit via Twitter and Facebook (24.06.2009)
Pirate Bay retrial denied; judge declared "unbiased"(25.06.2009)
Swedish IT company to buy Pirate Bay (30.06.2009)
4. 'Right to the silence of the chips' in the new EC Communication
A new communication from the European Commission to the other European
bodies on the RFID (radio-frequency identification) titled "Internet of
Things - An action plan for Europe" was made public on 18 June 2009.
The communication builds on the work of the Recommendation on the use of
RFID published on 12 May 2009 after a fifteen-month period of consultations.
The communication includes a 14-point action plan to address the main issues
raised from the RFID usage as discussed in the working group and in the
consultation period.
One of the most important action point is the launch of "a debate on the
technical and legal aspects of the 'right to silence of the chips', which
has been referred to under different names by different authors and
expresses the idea that individuals should be able to disconnect from their
networked environment at any time."
This is one of the main actions of the plan in order to allow the usage of
the RFID while respecting privacy and the protection of personal data, two
fundamental rights of the EU.
The communication underlines that these rights will have an influence on how
the Internet of Things is conceived but, at the same time, its development
will affect the way we understand privacy.
The European Commission also announced that in 2010 it intends to publish a
broader Communication on privacy and trust in the ubiquitous information
The Communication makes it clear that "simply leaving the development of
Internet of Things to the private sector, and possibly to other world
regions is not a sensible option." Thus, the concept of governance of the
RFID usage will be initiated and promoted by the Commission in international
fora in order to establish a set of principles and to set up an
"architecture" with a sufficient level of decentralised management.
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament:
Internet of Things - An action plan for Europe (18.06.2009)
EU lays out plans for the "internet of things" (18.06.2009)
EDRi-gram: RFID and Informed Consent - Using and removing of RFID
functionality (5.12.2007)
EDRi-gram: EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers' privacy
5. Norway will not chase file-sharers
The Norwegian data protection authority has decided that ISPs had to delete
all IP address-related data just 3 weeks after collection, a decision that
will make difficult to chase file-sharers.
The regulator started with two ISPs, Tele2 and Lyse Tele but the decision,
subject by the Personal Data Act, will apply to all ISPs in Norway. As
Norway is not a member of the European Union, it is not bound to comply to
the European data retention directive which says that this type of data must
be held for at least 6 months. In Norway, now, data retention can go from a
few days to five months.
The Norwegian telecom regulator has also recently ruled that the identity of
file-sharers can be disclosed to copyright holders only by court order. And
to make things even tougher for copyright holders, Simonsen law firm, the
only legal company having had a licence to track file-sharers, has seen it
expire with no renewal provided.
Simonsen has had the licence since 2006 having been enabled to monitor
alleged pirates and collect their IP addresses. The licence was however
temporary and it won't be renewed due to the very little debate on the
matter. Data protection authorities have requested legislative clarification
on what the license can and cannot do, but have not received the requested
information from the competent authorities.
Simonsen lawyer Espen Txndel said that his law firm would object against the
non-renewal of their license. "One can not deny (the copyright holders)
their right to protect their interests in this way," he said.
Anti-Piracy Lawyers Lose License To Chase Pirates (22.06.2009)
Data Protection Makes Identifying Online Pirates a Nightmare (10.06.2009)
Norway organises the immunity of P2Ps (only in French, 25.06.2009)
Anti-Piracy Lawyers Thwarted in Norway (23.06.2009)
6. France: No to new EDVIGE!
A text of a draft law on Police Files initiated by the two French deputies
Delphine Batho and Jacques-Alain Binisti has been approved by the Laws
Commission of the National Assembly. The draft law contains a new form of
the EDVIGE file, nicknamed now EDVIGE 3.0.
EDVIGE was a new database created in June 2008 with the purpose of filing
"individuals, groups, organisations and moral persons which, due to their
individual or collective activity, are likely to attempt to public order".
Not only these persons will be filed (without any offence committed), but
also "those who undertake or have undertaken direct and non fortuitous
relations with them." Filing was supposed to start at age 13 and the
database would be used by French intelligence services and the
administrative police. Following a massive civil society protest, the
database was initially revised into EDVIRSP (or so-called EDVIGE 2.0) and
then withdrawn in December 2008.
Although it makes some significant progress, the text of the new law is
still not good enough in respecting the human rights, as underlined by a
common press release of several unions and civil society groups, among which
the EDRi-member IRIS.
One of the major concerns that the press release highlights is the generic
global tendency that wants to extend the methods and tools used for serious
crimes and terrorism acts to the "small delinquency".
The main step forward is that according to the new text every new Police
file needs to be stipulated by law. At the same time the "No to
EDVIGE" group considers that the law should go much further, including a
better democratic character of the CNIL (French Data Protection) by the
inclusion of some members proposed by the human rights activists. Also, the
new draft laws which receive a negative opinion from the CNIL should get an
opinion from the State Council (Conseil d'Itat) and all these opinions
need to be made public.
The new law proposal also includes new provisions for EDVIGE 3.0 which is
still covers all the children above13 years old. But this proposal goes even
further than the two earlier versions.
The definitions suggested in the new draft proposal introduce dangerous
provisions. Thus, the very large definitions of the attacks on the people's
security or goods cover activities of the police which are already supported
by other existing databases. The "No to EDVIGE" group asks for a limitation
of the acts of attacks to the State security and public security committed
with violence. Also the new file should not include minors.
The French organisations also criticized the qualification given to other
files, such as STIC (Systhme de traitement des infractions constaties -
Recorded offences treatment system), a huge police database, which records
also data on minors, without any age limitation.
Law proposal on Police Files: EDVIGE 3.0, still NO (only in French,
Law proposal on Police Files (only in French, 7.05.2009)
The deputies want to frame the creation of police files (only in French,
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Massive mobilization against EDVIGE, the new French
database (16.07.2008)
EDRi-gram: French EDVIGE decree withdrawn (4.12.2008)
7. Swedish court: IP addresses are personal data
The Swedish Supreme Administrative Court ruled on 18 June that the IP
addresses are personal data in a case regarding APB (the Swedish Anti-Piracy
Bureau, Antipiratbyren), a lobby group representing copyright owners.
However, from the comments following the judgement, it became clear that
this ruling will not stop the implementation of the Swedish IPRED Directive
or the way the copyright holder representatives record and keep IP addresses
in order to identify alleged file-shares. Although the ruling means that
APB's methods for chasing filesharers by logging their IP addresses was in
violation of the Personal Data Act, the new IPRED law changed the situation.
A policy adviser at the Swedish Ministry of Justice explained to The
Register: "The rumours that this decision will kill off IPRED are wrong,
because the bill creating the law includes an exemption for rights holders -
they may request and keep IP numbers for this purpose."
Jonas Agnvall, a legal adviser with the Swedish Data Inspection Board,
says that the new IPRED law specifically allows the activities of IP logging
of the APB:
"I have not scrutinised the directive in detail, but as I understand do they
no longer need the legal exception whit the implementation of the
IPRED-law", Jonas Agnvall says to Computer Sweden.
He also added: "During the autumn we will inquire this and how these lobby
groups of copyright holders use the personal records. This we can do now
when it stands clear that IP addresses' really are personal records".
A week later, on the 25 June 2009, a first ruling on the new IPRED law was
given by the Solna District Court which decided that an ISP must hand
information revealing its customers based on the IP addresses given by five
publishers of audiobooks who were trying to identify some alleged copyright
In this case, the Swedish broadband service provider Ephone was asked by the
five publishers to reveal who owned a server suspected of containing some
several hundred audio book titles. The ISP refused to say who was behind
the IP address, questioning if the matter was indeed a copyright
infringement since the FTP server was not publicly available and the access
to it was possible only to the persons that knew the password to access it.
In the decision of the Solna District Court, the judges ordered Ephone to
reveal the information regarding the customers that are using several IP
addresses under a penalty of 750 000 Swedish crowns fine (approx. 70 000
euros). The company also needed to pay the publishers' court costs.
Collecting IP Addresses Illegal in Sweden (18.06.2009)
Favorable court ruling do not save file-sharing (18.06.2009)
Sweden: IP numbers are personal...unless you're a pirate (18.06.2009)
Publishers win anti-piracy law test case (25.06.2009)
First IPRED case settled (only in Swedish, 25.06.2009)
8. The French Government acts like a bulldog with its three strikes law
Nicolas Sarkozy and the French Government want to go on with the new three
strikes draft law (called also Hadopi 2) which was presented to the Council
of Ministers on 24 June 2009.
The emergency procedure has been initiated and therefore the two chambers
will have only one reading for the text. The new text will be first
presented to the Senate on 8 and 9 July to be further on examined by the
deputies, presumably starting with 22 July.
The draft law including now five articles stipulates, besides the
disconnection of the alleged infringer which has to be decided by the court,
fines that can amount to 1 500 euros or 3 000 euros in case of repeated
The new version has reintroduced an extension previously rejected by the
deputies in the first text: a user can be condemned not only for "piracy"
through an online public communication service, but also for "piracy" by any
electronic communication means. This means that the judges will be able to
sanction "piracy" that was performed also by instant messaging services or
And, in order to soften the censure imposed by the Constitutional Council,
the new text introduces a legal instrument that would allow the justice
system to use simplified procedures in applying sanctions "against the
authors of illegal downloading. A fast and efficient treatment of the cases
will thus be ensured by means of penal ordinances".
So, the court can decide, by penal ordinance, to condemn an alleged
infringer to pay a fine in his absence. The text thus includes "Internet
piracy" on the same list of infringements with the use of hallucinogenic
drugs or violations of the traffic code.
The infringement is established by Hadopi authority officers who then notify
the police. Their reports are considered "truthful until proven otherwise"
which actually implies there is no presumption of innocence. Unfortunately,
the Constitutional Court seems to have left an open door for the culpability
presumption by saying that the legislator can exceptionally establish such
presumptions under certain conditions such as the respect of the defense
The file is then sent to the public ministry which can choose the simplified
procedure and sends it to the president of the court who establishes without
prior debate a penal ordinance applying or not a fine. The subject of the
fine is never heard. The procedure gives the court president the possibility
to ask for a contradictory debate in which case the file is sent back to the
public ministry.
The penal ordinance is given by a sole judge, which is the president of the
court and includes the names and coordinates of the alleged infringer, the
date and place of the alleged infringement and the sanctions. The sanctions
are then carried out by the public ministry within a period of 10 days.
The user can make an appeal within 45 days and present himself in front
of a magistrate for a new judgment but the risk is that, in case the user is
found guilty, the sanction can be aggravated up to a maximum of 3 years in
prison and 300 000 euros of fine.
Actually, the new text introduces the three-strikes in an even harder
version: warning, fine and then disconnection. The only improvement is that
the disconnection can be decided only by the court and that is also shadowed
by the simplified procedure allowing for the penal ordinance.
Hadopi 2 starting on 8 July in the Senate (only in French, 26.06.2009)
Hadopi 2: the surveillance of e-mails is back (only in French, 25.06.2009)
Fine for illegal downloading, how does it work ? (only in French,
Hadopi: and now, the fines... (MAJ) (only in French, 24.06.2009)
Draft law on the legal protection of literary and artistic copyright on the
Internet (only in French, 29.06.2009)
The French Constitutional Council censures the 3 strikes law (17.06.2009)
9. ENDitorial: EU DP - state of the play, potential for enhancements
With the title "Personal data - more use, more protection?" the European
Commission organised on 19 and 20 May 2009 a data protection (DP) conference
in Brussels. The purpose of the conference was to look for new challenges
for privacy and to kick off a process towards a new quality of data
protection for the European Union. On invitation of the European Commission,
Andreas Krisch participated on behalf of EDRi.
The topics of the one and a half day conference included a wide range of
areas related to data protection. Amongst them: data protection in the area
of law enforcement, data retention, the role of businesses as well as
supervisory authorities and consumer protection.
Following the presentations on data retention by Kurt Alavaara (National
Police Board, Sweden) and Francis Stoliaroff (Ministry of Justice, France) a
long debate on the legitimacy of the data retention directive took place.
Spiros Simits (Goethe-University Frankfurt am Main) argued that data
retention not only is in violation of fundamental rights and against the
German constitution but also violates the fundamental principles of data
protection, especially the principle of purpose limitation.
Panellist Douwe Korff (London Metropolitan University) concured by saying
that for vague purpose specifications the interpretation is different
in the member states. While some countries differentiate between the
purposes of prevention and prosecution of crimes others simply subsume these
with the term "police purposes" with huge implications regarding the
access to retained data. Furthermore, he made clear that communication
traffic data is personal data.
Finally Waltraud Kotschy (Austrian Data Protection Commission) joined the
discussion and stated that, in her view, it will be impossible to keep the
access to retained data restricted to cases of terrorism and organised
crime. Already now there are discussions in Austria on access to data for
purposes of copyright enforcement. These and similar discussions will gain
momentum once data retention is in place.
For all presentations and discussions of the first day of the conference a
webcast of 15 minutes of discussion with English, German and French
translations is available on the EC website and definitely worth viewing.
The role of business and personal data protection was the title of my
presentation. Starting with a general overview of commercial data collection
on shopping and communication habits, financial, location and movement
information, I argued that in many cases commercial data collection leads to
the use of these data by the state. Examples for this include but are not
limited to the SWIFT case where US authorities accessed data on EU
financial transactions, PNR data where the EU grants the US access to
passenger information and plans to access these data as well, and the
mandatory data retention where EU member states retain and access data on
communications of 490 million people.
Given these practices, the significance of commercial data collection cannot
be overestimated and the 1983 ruling of the German Constitutional Court
reasoning that "... an as such inconsequential date can get a new
significance;" and that "insofar there is no 'inconsequential' date anymore
under the conditions of modern data processing", has more relevance today
than ever before.
At the same time, we see significant weaknesses at the counterparts of these
data controllers, the data protection authorities. On the one hand, they are
often confronted with very limited financial and personal resources and
therefore are also limited in their possibilities to enforce data protection
legislation. On the other hand, we also see problematic decisions - or at
least problematic reasoning - of data protection authorities (see Privacy
International on the UK Information Commissioner). In addition, it is also
clear that traditional means of oversight will be unable to cope with the
immense increase of the amount of data being processed. Present means for
individual data protection are also limited and often impose relatively high
financial risks for legal procedures in combination with relatively little
potential gains in individual cases.
Improvements of data protection and data protection legislation can
therefore be achieved by expanding the possibilities for individual data
(self-)protection (e.g. easier and less risky legal procedures; evaluation
of current practices regarding "informed consent" of data subjects), the
introduction of mandatory data breach notifications and punitive damages on
a per data basis in cases of data leaks. With regard to the area of
Radio Frequency Identification and the Internet of Things it will be
necessary to follow the developments carefully and to evaluate if current
data protection concepts still provide sufficient means to address the data
protection challenges introduced by these technologies.
Additionally, positive measures need to be also taken. Tools and mechanisms
that help businesses to prove and publicly communicate their compliance with
data protection legislation, like the European Privacy Seal (EuroPriSe),
should get a strong foundation in the European data protection legislation.
The introduction of mandatory data protection officers for companies would
not only help companies to establish data protection mechanisms in their
organisations and to work internally on improvements but would also bring
positive effects for the relationship between companies and their customers
by providing a competent contact person for questions related to data
Finally, better educational information on data protection is needed to
ensure that young people have access to relevant first hand information on
data protection and their possibilities to protect their privacy.
The future will show what this process towards a new quality of data
protection for the European Union brings. For the time being, it is to say
that the European Union has at least two faces when it comes to data
protection. On the one hand, important steps towards data protection in the
area of RFID and the Internet of Things are taken, but on the other hand,
the planned Stockholm Programme on Justice and Home Affairs policy for the
next five years describes the way towards a surveillance society in which
the floods of the digital tsunami threaten to overwhelm the data protection
rights of individuals in Europe.
Conference "Personal data - more use, more protection?" (19-20.05.2009)
Conference Programme "Personal data - more use, more
Webcast of the discussion on data retention (Simits, Korff, Kotschy and
others) at the conference
Webcast of the presentation by Andreas Krisch "The Role of Business and
Personal Data Protection"
PI calls for review of UK privacy regulator following series of failed
judgements (23.04.2009)
European Privacy Seal (EuroPriSe)
EDRi-gram: Stockholm programme - the new EU dangerous surveillance system
EDRi-gram: EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers' privacy
EDRi-gram: 'Right to the silence of the chips' in the new EC Communication (Contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
10. Recommended Reading
Briefing on the Interception Modernisation Programme by the LSE Policy
Engagement Network
Deep Packet Inspection and Internet Censorship: International
Convergence on an 'Integrated Technology of Control'
Final Report on the Content Online Platform
11. Agenda
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
6-7 July 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Fifth Internet Law & Politics Conference organized by the Law and Political
Science Department of the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya
The Pros and Cons of Social Networking Sites.
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-07-29 21:03:16
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.15, 29 July 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.15, 29 July 2009
1. Hadopi 2's final vote is postponed till 15 September
2. EU wants to share more bank details with the US authorities
3. EC hearing on Google book deal
4. UK ISP gave up direct disconnection of file-sharers for a three strikes
5. Finnish CSS case application lodged in the European Court of Human Rights
6. EDPS: New privacy issues in relation to intelligent transport systems
7. France: CNIL's opinion on LOPPSI draft law
8. Russian Copyright law will apply to news reports
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Hadopi 2's final vote is postponed till 15 September
The French deputies had only a few days before the summer vacation to debate
the new text of the three strikes law (called Hadopi 2) that was adopted by
the Senate on 8 July 2009. As the opposition introduced a very large number
of amendments, a vote for the entire text was not possible and the National
Assembly President's decision was to postpone the vote until September.
The Assembly had 894 amendments to discuss but the text was not basically
modified, but rather adjusted. One of the good decisions was that the
surveillance of electronic communications will not be possible so e-mails
were excluded from the investigation field. The access to the Internet will
be cut off only in case of recurrent alleged illegal file-sharing or in case
the Internet connection was not secured after a first warning from Hadopi
The deputies also approved the penal ordinance procedure meaning that the
alleged illegal downloader can be sanctioned in his (her) absence, according
to a rapid procedure, by a sole judge. The user in case could be given a
fine but can also ask for a classical procedure. The text is different from
the one voted by the Senate which means that a Mixted Paritary Commission
will be needed in order to find a compromise between the two versions.
Anyway, the text still ignores the presumption of innocence which is
contradicting the Constitution, as previousely ruled by the Constitutional
The amendment regarding the two euro "creative contribution" to the
Internet subscription in order to finance the creators was again rejected
but during a meeting with the socialists, the new Minister of Culture
Fridiric Mitterrand, while stating that he supported the Government on Hadopi, also admitted that the draft law was not solving the issue of the
financing of culture.
And as the opposition has already promised to appeal again to the
Constitutional Council in case the draft law is voted by the National
Assembly, the text might also have to pass the constitutionality test as
Analyse note of the draft law on criminal protection of the literary and
artistic property on the Internet (only in French, 19.07.2009)
French Anti-Piracy Sanctions Delayed (23.07.2009)
Hadopi 2: the deputies voted all the articles (only in French, 24.07.2009)
Hadopi 2: the deputies' vote pushed till September (only in French,
Hadopi 2: the deputies discharge cutting off messaging (only in French,
Hadopi 2, last debate day before the Parliamentary vacation (only in French,
EDRIgram: Hadopi 2 adopted very fast by the French Senate (15.07.2009)
2. EU wants to share more bank details with the US authorities
The dispute between EU and the US on access to the bank transfer details
has come again to the public attention after the Belgium company SWIFT
(Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication) that
intermediates the international banking transactions has decided to open
a new server in Switzerland that will focus on European customers.
SWIFT has now two servers in the Netherlands and in the state of
Virginia, with identical data. After 11 September 2001, US intelligence
services had gained access to the system, including to European
inner-transactions. This became public in 2006 and led to a data
protection outcry. In 2007, a first agreement was reached between the US
and the EU to establish what set of SWIFT data can be accessed by US
authorities and under what circumstances.
The European Commission also appointed the French judge Jean-Louis
Bruguihre to examine if the US really use the data only for the
anti-terrorism fight. The report, that has never been made public, was
presented to the European Parliament on 17 February 2009 and concluded
that the data was deleted when no longer necessary and that the US
authorities fully respect the agreement with the EU. But Bruguihre, the
Vice-President of the Tribunal de Grande Instance in Paris, has in the
past 25 years gained a reputation as France's "leading terrorist
hunter", so the outcome of the report was predictable.
SWIFT will open a new server in Switzerland for inner-European
transactions in September, which would exclude US authorities from
accessing these. While this would have eased a lot of the criticism from
data protection commissioners and the European Parliament, the European
Commission is now drafting a new agreement with the US authorities
before the new server starts operations.
This met heavy cricism from MEPs, as the European Parliament would again be sidelined by this. MEPs as well as national-level politicians alsocriticized the plan on substantial grounds, citing fundamental privacy concerns. The chairman of the Austrian social democrats in the EP said: "the EU is not a colony of the US". Some MEPs have already questioned the re-election of Commission president Manuel Barroso. Because of the upcoming federal elections and the rising worries about surveillance among the German population, vocal criticism came especially from German politicians, including many Greens, the chairman of the Liberal Party, the conservative Bavarian head of government Horst Seehofer, and others.
EU justice commissioner Jacques Barrot denied these accusations in a
meeting on 23 July with the members of the newly formed European
Parliamentary Committee on civil liberties, justice and home affairs. He
also concluded that he wants in fact a better deal: "We must negotiate
an agreement based on reciprocity rather than allowing the US to
continue as they have up until now as if they were top dog." According
to a Commission spokesperson, the deal will not include EU access to US
banking transactions, though.
Jaques Barrot confirmed that the Commission wants to re-negotiate this
agreement after one year. By then, the Lisbon Treaty, which would give
European Parliament a much more important role in this field, is
expected to be in force. But an interim agreement was needed to be
rapidly concluded in order not to stop the anti-terrorism fight.
The Council of Foreign Ministers gave a green light on 27 July to the
project, by unanimously agreeing to allow the Swedish Presidency to
negotiate a temporary agreement with the US regarding access to data
held by SWIFT. According to news reports, the mandate includes that the
data would be given to US authorities on a per-request basis and could
be stored in the US for five years.
Apparently, the EU bodies want to built their own system of banking
surveillance, that might include the SEPA (Single Euro Payment Area)
transaction system. This may be done in connection with the proposed
"Stockholm Programme", the EU's justice and home affairs work plan for
2010 to 2014. The draft already stipulates:
"The instruments for combating the financing of terrorism must be
adapted to the new potential vulnerabilities of the financial system and
to the new payment methods used by terrorists. We must have a mechanism
that allows both adequate monitoring of financial flows and effective
and transparent identification of people and groups likely to finance
terrorism. "
Brussels wants to nullify protection of banking data (only in German,
EU looking for better deal on data transfer (23.07.2009)
EU still wants to give financial data to US intelligence services (only
in German, 28.07.2009)
EU-US data sharing causes uproar in Germany (28.07.2009)
EU supports more anti-terror data sharing with US (28.07.2009)
EU Review of the United States' "Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme"
confirms privacy safeguards (17.02.2009)
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament and the
Council: An area of freedom, security and justice serving the citizen
(known as the "Stockholm Programme", 10.6.2009)
EDRi-gram: Terrorist Finance Tracking Program raises privacy questions
3. EC hearing on Google book deal
The European Commission (EC) will hold a hearing on 7 September 2009 to
evaluate Google's proposed deal with U.S. publishers and authors granting
Google the right to digitize and publish out of print copyrighted books and
its possible impact upon copyright issues.
Spokesman Oliver Drewes said EU officials wanted to get the opinion of
European publishers, authors and consumers in order to be able to "draw
provisional conclusions on the Google Inc.'s book-scanning settlement." The
EU launched a formal inquiry in the matter after the German delegation,
supported by UK and France, submitted an information note in May 2009,
asking for action against Google's online library project.
In the US, Google reached an agreement in October 2008 with the Authors
Guild and the Association of American publishers in which Google accepted to
pay about 88 million euro to create a Book Rights Registry, where authors
and publishers can register works. Google would get rights in return for a
share of any revenues collected by selling access to online books.
The agreement is criticized for giving Google preferential rights especially
in case of the "orphan works" (books for which the copyright owners cannot
be identified). The regulators might also tackle the issue of the
"most-favoured nation" clause guaranteeing Google terms that are at least as
good as those offered to other Internet companies in future.
Google executives argue that the company will have no unfair advantages
while providing increased access to books. In support of their cause, the
company will probably bring as argument Viviane Reding's position who,
earlier this month, stated that EU needed to urgently standardize its
copyright laws to encourage book digitization.
Another argument that might be in Google's favour is that this is the only
initiative to scan millions of books and make them available on the
Internet. Also, Google's leading lawyer David Drummond said that Google
would be open to changing the terms of the deal if it received a "compelling
argument" from regulators.
The U.S. Justice Department is also looking now into this settlement.
EU sets hearing over Google books deal (20.07.2009)
Google book deal faces growing scrutiny (11.07.2009)
EU seeks opinions on Google Books (20.07.2009)
EU asks publishers for feedback on Google Books (20.07.2009)
EDRi-gram: EU will examine Google Books project (3.06.2009)
4. UK ISP gave up direct disconnection of file-sharers for a three strikes
UK ISP Karoo belonging to Hull based KCom telecom company, announced on 24
July it would change its policy and apply a three-strikes system for the
customers allegedly infringing copyright.
Within the agreement with the entertainment industries, the UK ISPs have
agreed to send out warning letters to users suspected of downloading
copyrighted material from the Internet. Karoo, holding the monopoly in Hull
as the only ISP in area, has been exceeded this procedure for some time now,
having directly disconnected its users for suspected file-sharing. In order
to get their service restored, customers had to sign a document admitting
their guilt and promising not to repeat the offence. Therefore, the method
not only ignored the presumption of innocence but actually blackmailed users
by obliging them to admit guilt in order to be reconnected.
Following the exposure of the company's policy by BBC which made public the
case of a customer having been disconnected and asked to fill in a form
admitting her guilt in order to be reconnected, Karoo decided to adopt a
three-strikes rule in which suspected file-sharers will receive three
written warnings before action is taken.
The major issue is that Karoo takes its actions without any court decision,
based only on accusations made by anti-piracy organizations which use
evidence gathering methods that are far from being accurate or reliable.
Although rights holders have stated that their data was never wrong, a
report made last year by the University of Washington, Department of
Computer Science and Engineering has clearly shown the vulnerabilities of
the methods.
"Whether a false positive sent to a user that has never even used
BitTorrent or a truly infringing user that relies on incomplete IP
blacklists, there is currently no way for anyone to wholly avoid the risk of
complaints.(...) We have further demonstrated that IP blacklists, a
standard method for avoiding systematic monitoring, are wholly ineffective
given current identification techniques and provide only limited coverage of
likely monitoring agents" says the report.
Therefore, as the report and reality have shown, there is a large risk that
innocent people are accused of illegal file-sharing.
Plug-pulling ISP changes policy (24.07.2009)
Kang-Karoo courts: guilt by accusation, punishment without trial
Karoo backs down and adopts 'three strikes' policy for illegal p2p file
sharers instead of immediate cut off (24.07.2009)
UK ISP Cuts Off Alleged Pirates (24.07.2009)
Challenges and Directions for Monitoring P2P File Sharing Networks ,or, Why
My Printer Received a DMCA Takedown Notice" (1.06.2008)
5. Finnish CSS case application lodged in the European Court of Human Rights
Finnish Activist Mikko Rauhala has lodged an application to the European
Court of Human Rights versus the Finnish state, regarding his right to
freedom of expression.
The appeal is a follow up to the lengthy court process against Mr. Rauhala
in Finland. The process started when Mr. Rauhala started a discussion board
on the Internet, on which people could talk about the DVD copy protection
method Content Scrambling System (CSS). Mr. Rauhala's motivation for this
act was to criticize the implementation of the EU Copyright Directive in
Finland which came into force in 2006. According to the implementation of
the directive, "organized discussion" regarding circumventing technological
protection measures, like the CSS, was prohibited. Mr. Rauhala's motivation
was to display the disbeneficial nature of the directive. Thus, he himself
reported his actions to the Finnish police in the first place, thinking that
the police would not investigate the issue or that the public prosecutor
would not press charges.
However the Police started its investigation with the public prosecutor who
was supported strongly by the Finnish Anti-Piracy Association which
arranged the "expert" testimonies for the prosecutor. Soon thereafter, the
case was referred to the Helsinki District Court which decided in Rauhala's
favor; that CSS was not a type of protection measure covered by the
Directive and therefore the ban did not apply. The district attorney
appealed to the Helsinki Appellate Court, which stated that Mr. Rauhala was
guilty of illegally circumventing a technological protection measure and of
providing an illegal service for the circumvention of protection measures.
The Supreme Court of Finland denied Mr. Rauhala's application.
Mr. Rauhala had no other choice than to make an application to the European
Court of Human Rights, because in all the court instances his argument that
the discussion he was administering was within the confines of the Right to
Freedom of Speech, as enshrined in the Finnish Constitution, was not
considered. Mr. Rauhala is represented by the Helsinki, Finland based law
firm Turre Legal.
EDRi-gram: Finish CSS decision overturned (4.06.2008)
(contribution by Markku Rdsdnen - Summer Associate, Turre Legal, Finland)
6. EDPS: New privacy issues in relation to intelligent transport systems
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS),
issued on 22 July his opinion on the European Commission's proposed plan,
adopted in December 2008, to accelerate and coordinate the deployment of
intelligent transport systems (ITS) in road transportation in Europe, and
their connection with other modes of transport . The deployment includes an
Action Plan establishing priority areas for action and a Directive proposal
laying down the framework for their implementation.
Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) are applications using Information and
Communication Technologies embedded in different modes of transport that
interact between them (such as GPS systems), meant to make transport safer
and cleaner and to reduce traffic congestion. ITS applications and services
are based on the collection, processing and exchange of a large range of
data and allow for the tracking of a vehicle and the collection of personal
data such as driving habits. As such, they raise several privacy and data
protection issues.
"The problem is not what the data tells the state, but what happens with
interlocking information it already has. If you correlate car tracking data
with mobile phone data, which can also track people, there is the potential
for an almost infallible surveillance system," said Simon Davies, director
of the watchdog Privacy International.
While welcoming the fact that the proposed ITS deployment plan aims at
harmonising the data processes throughout Europe, the EDPS however warned
that the proposed plan raised a series of issued related to privacy and data
Hustinx believes there is a lack of clarity of the proposed legal framework
that might create diversity in the implementation of ITS in Europe thus
leading to different levels of data protection in Europe. "The EDPS
emphasizes the need for further harmonisation on these issues at EU level to
clarify outstanding issues (such as definition of the roles and
responsibilities of ITS actors, which specific ITS applications and systems
must be embedded in vehicles, the development of harmonised contracts for
the provision of ITS services, the specific purposes and modalities of use
of ITS etc)."
One important aspect in his opinion is that data controllers must be clearly
identified "as they will bear the responsibility to ensure that privacy and
data protection considerations are implemented at all levels of the chain of
Also, the data controllers providing ITS services should implement
appropriate safeguards "so that the use of location technologies is not
intrusive from a privacy viewpoint. This should notably require further
clarification as to the specific circumstances in which a vehicle will be
tracked, strictly limiting the use of location devices to what is necessary
for that purpose and ensuring that location data are not disclosed to
unauthorized recipients".
The interconnection of the systems and applications must also be done "with
due respect for data protection principles and practical safeguards on
security," and personal data must be processed only if necessary "for the
specific purpose for which ITS is used and pursuant to an appropriate legal
The EDPS emphasizes the importance of not using the processed personal data
"for further purposes that are incompatible with those for which they were
collected" and he recommends the introduction of an explicit reference to
the notion of ''privacy by design'' for ITS applications and systems saying
that data "may not be used for purposes other than the ones for which they
were collected in a way incompatible with those purposes."
The EDPS recommends that privacy and data protection should be considered
during the early design stages of any ITS. "Privacy and security
requirements should be incorporated within standards, best practices,
technical specifications and systems."
His final recommendation is that data protection authorities, such as
Article 29 Working Party and the EDPS should be closely involved in all the
initiatives related to the deployment of ITS "through consultation at a
sufficiently early stage before the development of relevant measures."
European Data Protection Supervisor Opinion on the Communication from the
Commission on an Action Plan for the Deployment of Intelligent Transport
Systems in Europe and the accompanying Proposal for a Directive of the
European Parliament and of the Council laying down the framework for the
deployment of Intelligent Transport Systems in the field of road transport
and for interfaces with other transport modes (22.07.2009)
Big Brother is watching: surveillance box to track drivers is backed
Intelligent transport raises privacy concerns (23.07.2009)
7. France: CNIL's opinion on LOPPSI draft law
The French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) has now made public its opinion
of 16 April 2009 on seven articles belonging to LOPPSI, the French draft law
on orientation and programming for the performance of the domestic security
that may give the police the possibility to spy on electronic communications
and which introduces Internet filtering by administrative decision.
The draft law was presented on 27 May by Minister of Justice Michhle
Alliot-Marie to the French Council of Ministers but it's only now that CNIL
can make its opinion public due to new legal provisions introduced in May.
The Minister did not choose to take CNIL's opinion into consideration.
In its opinion, CNIL was expressing fears related to several provisions of
the draft, especially in relation to the collection and retention of data,
installation of Trojan horses on computers as well as the surveillance of
public access to the Internet.
CNIL considered that such instruments should be installed and used by
"guaranteeing the proportionality of the surveillance measure with the
targeted objectives" and warned on problems that might be caused to
professional users dealing with sensitive data such as lawyers, politicians,
medical staff, or journalists.
The opinion also stated that the legislator was the one who had to
"provide conciliation between, on the one hand, preventing disturbances to
the public order and finding infringers, both necessary for the preservation
of the rights and constitutional principles and, on the other hand, the
exercising of constitutionally guaranteed freedoms amongst which there are
the freedom to come and go and the respect of private life, protected by
articles 2 and 4 of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Citizen of
1789, as well as the individual freedom, that article 66 of the Constitution
places under surveillance of the legal authority."
In the meantime, the digital rights campaigners continue to fight laws such
as LOPPSI or Hadopi. Thus, ODEBI league, an Internet users association,
launched on 20 July a "numerical army" meant to fight the lack of
information or disinformation in the presentation of projects with a final
objective to protect the rights of Internet users.
CNIL's opinion on LOPPSI draft law made public (only in French, 25.07.2009)
Deliberation n02009-200 of 16 April 2009 bearing the opinion on seven
articles of the draft law on orientation and programming for the performance
of the domestic security (only in French, 16.04.2009)
ODEBI league launches a "numerical army" project (only in French,
EDRI-gram: The French Government wants to spy on electronic communications
8. Russian copyright law will apply to news reports
A new modification in the Russian copyright legislation was drafted by the
Government in order to extend the protection to news reports.
The new draft was pushed by the biggest Russian news agencies which were
claiming that other regional and online publications are plagiarizing their
news reports. The law could be submitted to the Russian Parliament in the
The draft presented by the Communications and Press Deputy Minister
Alexander Zharov foresees fines from 10 to 20 000 rubles (approx. 230-460
euros), but also the confiscation of the production as sanctions for
plagiarism for an agency. The plagiating reporter of the agency could also
be fined with 1 - 5 000 rubles (23 - 115 euros). The present draft is still
unclear on how the fines will be applied and under what specific
circumstances the confiscation will be enforced, thus causing critics to say
that the new law could be used to shut up the unwanted voices.
Andrei Richter, head of Moscow's Media Law and Policy Institute, considered
the law a step forward and commented: "Currently, news agencies have to go
to court and prove that they have suffered financial losses because of the
But other news editors, such as Moscow Post editor Alexei Kozlov were not
too happy. He called the bill "an opportunity to punish a rival media
As a consequence of the financial crisis, the European newspapers and
magazine publishers are also trying to lobby for tougher copyright laws. A
public call to the European Commission in this respect was signed at a
meeting on 26 June in Berlin, convened by the European Publishers' Council
and the World Association of Newspapers. The letter was based on a German
initiative called the "Hamburg Declaration' adopted by 149 German
publishers earlier that month.
The letter stated that: "Numerous providers are using the work of authors,
publishers and broadcasters without paying for it. Over the long term, this
threatens the production of high-quality content and the existence of
independent journalism. For this reason, we advocate strongly urgent
improvements in the protection of intellectual property on the Internet."
The new call is also trying to have the Automated Content Access Protocol
(ACAP), pushed by the publishers industry as the perfect solution to avoid
copying news, imposed by law
ACAP is a meta data standard that aims at specifing how online aggregators
(including search engines) handle a publisher's work by defining usage by
third parties rights.
Bill Extends Copyright Protection to News (22.07.2009)
European Publishers Call on E.U. to Protect Copyright (9.07.2009)
European publishers want a law to control online news access (10.07.2009)
International publishers demand new intellectual property rights protection
to safeguard the future of journalism (9.07.2009)
9. Recommended Action
Call for new Experts to the EU Agency ENISA's Permanent Stakeholders' Group
Do you have the competence to be one of the Experts advising ENISA? The
European Network and Information Security Agency, i.e. the EU Agency ENISA,
is launching the call for new members to its Permanent Stakeholders' Group
(PSG). The PSG advises the Executive Director in e.g. drawing up a proposal
for the Agency's work programme, and all issues related thereto.
Deadline for applications: 30 October 2009
10. Recommended Reading
European Court of Justice Decision - Infopaq International A/S vs Danske
Dagblades Forening (19.07.2009)
The copying and reproduction of just 11 words of a news article can be
copyright infringement, the European Court of Justice (ECJ) has ruled.
Europe's highest court has said that a clippings service's copying could be
French Parliament Information Report on the Police Files (only in French,
11. Agenda
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
12 September 2009, Worldwide
2nd International Action Day "Freedom not Fear - Stop the Surveillance
Mania" Demonstrations, Events, Privacy Parties etc. in many countries
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
23-24 September 2009, Copenhagen, Denmark
The Net will not forget
European conference on ICT and Privacy
29-30 September 2009, Warsaw, Poland
3rd International Conference "Keeping Children and Young People Safe Online"
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
29 October - 1 November 2009, Barcelona, Spain
International Forum on Free Culture
3 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
Civil Society Conference: "Global Privacy Standards for a Global Economy"
Organized by Electronic Privacy Information Center
4-6 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
31st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-06-03 08:04:00
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.11, 3 June 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.11, 3 June 2009
1. The French Government wants to spy on electronic communications
2. Pressure of the record companies on The Pirate Bay
3. Open source supporters criticize European govts for favouring MS
4. DRI against the Irish law on the interception of communications
5. French Government hurries to put HADOPI law into application
6. WIPO: Visually impaired treaty proposal
7. EU will examine Google Books project
8. Deutsche Telecom investigating the sexual life of job applicants
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. The French Government wants to spy on electronic communications
On 27 May 2009, the law on orientation and programming for the performance
of the domestic security (Loppsi) was presented by Michhle Alliot-Marie to
the French Council of Ministers.
The law will give the French police the possibility to physically or
remotely install spying software to listen to electronic communications and
introduces the Internet filtering by administrative decision.
According to the text, the Criminal Investigation Police will be allowed to
place on a suspect's computer a sort of internal or external USB key which
will send data to the computers of the authorities. The police may also
remotely install Trojans which will give access to all the data in a
computer in real time.
The police will be allowed to make use of these tools only in "the most
severe cases" which however include "support given to the illegal entry and
residence of a foreigner". Under the control of an examining magistrate
(juge d'instruction), the investigating authority will have to justify the
use of the technique by declaring the infringement investigated, the place
where the investigation will take place and its duration. The spyware can be
installed for a four-month period that can be renewed once.
The examining magistrate's control would be a positive thing as the
examining magistrates are independent from the Ministry of Justice and are
free to take decisions, in terms of the gravity of the investigation.
However, if the justice reform project of the French Government comes into
being, the examining magistrates will disappear which means that the
responsibility to authorize spyware will come to the prosecutor of the
The law also obliges ISPs to block access, "without delay", to sites
included on a list drafted under the authority of the Ministry of Internal
Affairs. The list will not be made public and therefore it will be
impossible to contest and this will create the risk of abuses.
In order to prevent contestations, for the beginning, the law will target
the paedophilic contents with the declared purpose to "protect the Internet
users from child pornography images". The operators will have to introduce
in their network software that will stop any connection to sites having a
pedophile character that will be listed by the police. The French Government
will always be able to extend the target by a simple decree.
The text also stipulates severe sanctions for the ISPs that do not observe
the law providing  a fine up to 75 000 euro and a year of imprisonment.
Loppsi : the sneaks under the authority of an endangered judge (only in
French, 25.05.2009)
Loppsi wants to "protect the Internet users" by filtering (only in
French, 27.05.2009)
The police will be able to pirate the computers of the yobs (only in French,
Loppsi: ISPs will have to "block access without delay" (MAJ) (only in
French, 27.05.2009)
Loppsi presented this Wednesday in the Council of Ministers (MAJ) (only in
French, 27.05.2009)
Draft law on the orientation and programming for the performance of the
domestic security
Decrypting: Sarkozy and his work of controlling the Internet (only in
French, 20.05.2009)
2. Pressure of the record companies on The Pirate Bay
The Swedish court has denied the request of four major record companies to
fine The Pirate Bay (TPB) for being still operational.
At the middle of May 2009, Universal, EMI, Sony and Warner asked the Swedish
District Court to apply penalties to the operators of TPB for every day they
continue to operate the site. The plaintiffs claimed TPB was an "infringing
service" as they had been able to download through it 467 music albums to
which they owned the copyright. They also asked that the four operators of
TPB take measures so that the works for which they own the copyright could
not be downloaded by Internet users via the site.
Moreover, the recording companies seem to have asked the ISP "Black
Internet" to stop providing services to TPB. Additionally, they asked the
court to apply the penalties even before the District Court ruled on it and
without hearing the four defendants.
On 25 May 2009, the District Court denied the demands stating they wanted to
hear the defendants first and gave the Pirate Bay operators a few weeks to
state their position in the matter. The record companies were also given a
week to decide whether they wanted to appeal the decision to the Court of
"I don't think these are circumstances where the case must be tried
immediately. Usually you get to make your statement before a demand like
this is granted" said judge Caroline Hindmarsh who reviewed the demands and
made the decision.
IT security expert Andri Rickardsson said to DN.se that the demand of the
record companies was surprising. "Swedish law applies in Sweden and their
Internet service isn't even in Sweden. I don't understand why the district
court has anything to do with this. The Pirate Bay operates in countries
where the activity is permitted," said the expert.
Peter Sunde, one of the defendants, has stated that the record companies
have never asked TPB to remove any of the torrents the plaintiffs refer to
in their request to the District Court and accused the record companies of
being more interested in money and power than in the artists they should
In the meantime, TPB is searching for unbiased judges after they filed,
along with the appeal to the High Court of Justice, accusations against
Judge Tomas Norstrvm for conflict of interest due to its membership with
associations such as the Swedish Copyright Association.
Judge Ulrika Ihrfeldt was appointed to investigate the conflict of interest
but, soon after that, the judge also revealed having been a member of the
Swedish Copyright Association and was removed from the case. The next judge
appointed to lead the investigation, Anders Eka, appears to be connected to
the Stockholm Center for Commercial Law, where lawyers Monique Wadsted and
Peter Danowsky representing the record companies in TPB trial also are
Although Eka said he had no personal relationships with the plaintiffs'
lawyers and that he had no background in copyright law, he acknowledged
however he might be suspected for potential bias.
Court President Fredrik Wersdll Wersdll stated that the investigation of
Norstrvm's potential conflict of interest would be finished in a few weeks.
If Norstrvm is found biased, the case will be sent back to the District
Court. In case the judge is cleared of the accusation, the High Court of
Justice will deal with the main appeal of the verdict and decide on
whether to hold a new trial.
Pirate Bay Money Squeeze Rejected by Court (25.05.2009)
Pirate Bay: In search of an unbiased judge (23.05.2009)
Record Labels Increase Legal Pressure on Pirate Bay (19.05.2009)
Court rejects lawyers' call to gag Pirates (25.05.2009)
EDRi-gram: The Pirate Bay asks for retrial claiming conflict of interest
3. Open source supporters criticize European govts for favouring MS
Recent governmental plans in several European countries to buy proprietary
software for public administration or education have caused concerns over
the methods used and the lack of public discussion over the decisions.
18 open source companies (including Red Hat) have challenged successfully in
the Federal court a three-year contract between the Swiss Federal Bureau for
Building and Logistics (BBL) and Microsoft for the provisions of Windows
desktops and applications, including support and maintenance. The total
value of the contract was estimated at about 27.8 million euro.
The preliminary ruling of the Federal court from 28 May 2009 was based on
the fact that the BBL disregarded the procurement rules and did not issue a
call for tender. A future final positive decision of the court could mean
that the contract will be canceled and a public auction call needs to be
Just a few days before the court decision, another similar case was raised
by the Swiss open source advocacy group ch/open. They have presented the
situation in the Bern canton, where a 18 million euro contract was
attributed directly for Microsoft software licences, without a public
Ch/open criticized the lack of transparency of the deal and explained the
current action: "Without any public process, contracts are awarded to a
proprietary software vendor. This makes public administration increasingly
dependent on Microsoft, giving it again no other option in eight years
This deal will be debated in the canton's Parliament by the parliamentary
group on digital sustainability that has the main scope to increase the use
of open source by Swiss public bodies.
Another government-related project that created rumors was the Spain
government decision to install Microsoft software on the 420 000 laptops for
students. After the Spanish Socialist Party supported the idea that laptops
should be equipped with Open Source software, the Microsoft's chaiman Bill
Gates and Spain's Prime Minister Josi Luis Rodriguez Zapatero met on 26 May
2009 to decide on the new software for this project.
The project was criticized even earlier this year by open source
organisations such as Hispalinux that pointed out that there was no public
tender on this topic.
Similarly, in a different corner of Europe, the Romanian Government has
announced that it has mandated the Ministry of Communications to buy
Microsoft licences of 100 million euros for the Ministries and
Governmental Agencies in the period 2009-2012. Although the government
press release talks about obtaining these licences through a possible
auction, there is a clear-cut signal on who will be the winner.
"The Romanian Government seems out of touch with reality" has been the harsh
comment by Lucian Savluc, the organizer of the third national open source
conference eLiberatica that took place in Bucharest in the second part of
May 2009.
Georg Greve, the president of Free Software Foundation Europe and a speaker
at the same event, commented on the situation:
"Microsoft's deals in new EU member states have raised concerns over
corruption before, e.g. in Bulgaria. But while Microsoft seems to raise such
questions more often than others, it should be noted that the problem of
illegal procurement is larger and not limited to Microsoft. Nor is the
problem limited to the new EU member states, as the recent irregularities
and resulting antitrust complaint filed in Switzerland demonstrate. (...)
It seems ironic that the European Commission has to fine Microsoft
repeatedly over sustained monopoly abuse, then transfers part of that money
to Romania, which enjoyed the highest level of financial support ever
granted to a candidate country in the history of the European Union, and the
Romanian government then decides to return part of that money to Microsoft
with close to no tangible benefit for Romania."
CH: Court scraps federal no-bid software licence deal  (28.05.2009)
CH: Protests over no-bid software contract in Bern  (28.05.2009)
Bill Gates, pleased with the announcement of Zapatero of giving laptops to
students (only in Spanish, 26.05.2009)
Hispalinux censorship financial costs and technological dependence of the
"solution" for Microsoft Education (only in Spanish, 27.04.2009)
ES: Gates and Zapatero weigh in on debate over school laptops (29.05.2009)
My official position - The Romanian government is about to spend millions of
euro on proprietary software. (27.05.2009)
Minister of Communications - mandated to pay 100 million euro for Microsoft
licences (only in Romanian, 1.06.2009)
4. DRI against the Irish law on the interception of communications
Digital Rights Ireland has lodged a formal complaint with the European
Commission against Ireland over the Irish law on the interception of
The Irish law, which is governed by the Interception of Postal Packets and
Telecommunications Messages (Regulation) Act 1993, applies only
to telecommunications providers who operate under a licence or general
authorisation. Consequently, the vast majority of internet communication
services (such as VOIP providers, webmail and instant messaging services)
are not covered, so the interception of communications on those services is
This is in breach of Art. 5 of the e-Privacy Directive (Directive
2002/58/EC) which requires member states to "prohibit listening,
tapping, storage or other kinds of interception or surveillance of
communications and the related traffic data by persons other than users,
without the consent of the users concerned, except when legally authorised
to do so (by) legislative measures (which are) necessary, appropriate and
proportionate within a democratic society".
Complaint to European Commission over Irish Interception Laws (28.05.2009)
(contribution by EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland DRI)
5. French Government hurries to put HADOPI law into application
No sooner has the three strikes law been adopted that the French government
issued CCAPs (special administrative specifications) and CCTPs (special
technical specifications) which were sent by the Ministry of Culture to the
candidate enterprises to put into function the information system of HADOPI.
The call for tenders was sent since the beginning of the year even before
the Hadopi law was adopted, the notification date having been set for 5 June
2009 with a deadline on 1 July 2009 for a first prototype of the graduate
response system. A draft calendar foresees the application of the Hadopi law
in stages starting with 5 June 2009 until 31 March 2010.
In the beginning, Hadopi will send only written recommendations by e-mail at
a rate of about 100 infringing cases per day after which, when the treatment
is completely automatic probably in September 2009, the number of cases will
increase to 1000 per day reaching 10 000 when the prototype is finalised in
A calendar of actions is left however at the choice of the candidates, the
CCTP mentioning that "the offers will be assessed in terms of the closeness
of the proposed calendar as compared to the target calendar". The ministry
is not concerned with costs or means but only with speed. The candidates
will have a rather difficult task as the beta-test will last only two weeks
before the first warnings and the blocking bugs will have to be corrected in
one day, otherwise they will face sanctions. There is also the result
obligation, the operator taking the responsibility in case of problems and
having to compensate Hadopi in case of delays or malfunctions.
There is no provision for the moment that Hadopi makes sure, before issuing
a warning or a sanction, that illegal downloading has effectively taken
place from the IP address of a suspected Internet subscriber. It appears
that between the IP address collection phase and the warning or sanction
phase there will be a "notarisation and sampling" phase.
The notarisation phase means the "qualification of the data and the
recording of essential elements of the transaction from a trustworthy third
party" meaning the recording of all the elements proving the downloading or
rather making copyrighted material available. "The content, origin,
receiving date, the sender's identification key and the destination of the
file are essential elements" says the CCTP.
Sampling means Hadopi would retain only some of the complaints received in
order to deal mostly with those of higher interest. An algorithmic system
will allow targeting potential recidivists as a priority.
Hadopi does not take into account the presumption of innocence and only
needs to be certain of the reliability of the IP address lists on the basis
of which it would give warnings and sanctions. Hence the provision of
attaching a "chunk" of the file to every submission of a case in court which
would be a material proof of the infringing. However, such a provision
raises practical and economical problems.
The CCAP and CCTP do not precise either the criteria based on which Hadopi
will decide on recidivism in order to send another e-mail, registered letter
or give sanctions. It is only mentioned that a "study of the reiterations
is carried out so as to bring out the following elements for each
subscriber: infringement stage (1st, 2nd, 3rd.); type of actions taken or
sanctions given by the High Authority: time interval between each
infringement; and type of works concerned".
There are also very little details as to what are the means of appeal for
the sanctioned Internet users. It is provided that an appeal can be made by
means of an electronic form or by mail and that the appeal may lead to
informing the ISP of the obligation to re-establish a suspended
subscription. On the other hand, no observations can be brought by a
subscriber before the sanction stage.
For the time being, Hadopi continues to be criticised and contested. On 15
June, a concert evening against the graduate response will take place with
several groups of artists supported by Numerama, co-organised by Riseau des
Pirates and Owni.fr, in partnership with Vendredi Hebdo and International
and supported also by Slate, Agoravox, LePost, Ivox, 22mars, Social Midia
Club, j'affiche and ZikNation.
The evening will include the projection on films dealing with Hadopi, the
new models to remunerate artists, the protection of numerical freedoms, a
debate on the topics as well as music moments.
"The problem with HADOPI is triple: it does not bring more money to artists,
it touches the fundamental rights and finally it opens a breach into net
neutrality allowing private interests to get hold of a judge in order to
oblige an access provider to censure part of the net. This law stigmatises
the Net which is however an incredible chance for the music to get renewed.
(...) A new model must be invented and the technological evolution must be
accompanied rather than rowing against it. This is what the public politics
serve for, not to protect an industry where 5 multinationals make a trust of
the entire market and refuse in a single voice to accept the challenge," was
the statement of Flowers From The Man Who Shot Your Cousin / Waterhouse
Records that will participate in the event.
Exclusive: Hadopi will target as a priority the potential recidivists!
(only in French, 20.05.2009)
Exclusive: Hadopi will not collect material evidence... for the moment
(only in French, 27.05.2009)
Concert-Evening "Hadopi has killed me" Monday 15 June in Paris (only in
French, 26.05.2009)
6. WIPO: Visually impaired treaty proposal
The WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights (SCCR) met from
25 to 29 May in Geneva. This time, the main points on the agenda were the
survey on limitations and exceptions and the visually impaired treaty
proposal introduced by Brazil Ecuador and Paraguay (BEP proposal).
As usual, the committee also briefly dealt with the situation pertaining
broadcaster's rights and audiovisual protection but since the national
positions are not moving, no real progress was made.
The most interesting part of the meeting was the discussion about the
BEP proposal. The treaty was strongly supported by the South American
countries and it was also seen in a favourable light by most of the African
representatives (which would like to see even wider support for access to
information, though) and Asian delegates.
However, group B and the European Union did their best to derail the process
of getting the treaty under serious consideration. The given reasons for
this were rather perplexing e.g. "the matter is so complex" (unlike the
broadcast treaty?) and "there's need for more fact-finding" (there's lot of
published research by both WIPO and WBU). In reality, the civil servants
from Germany, France etc. want to oppose categorically any instrument which
would give rights to the users. However, since it is not politically
possible to oppose helping visually impaired persons such poor excuses are
EDRi also stressed in its intervention the fact that EU is ready to use a
"hard law" approach to help elder stage musicians so it would be very
unsincere to oppose the same approach for blind persons.
WIPO Limitations & Exceptions Treaty Advances; Audiovisual Treaty Gets New
Life (30.05.2009)
SCCR to Expedite Work in Favor of Reading Impaired (2.06.2009)
(Contribution by Ville Oksanen, EDRI-member EFFI)
7. EU will examine Google Books project
The German delegation submitted at the European Council meeting held in
Brussels on 28 and 29 May 2009, an information note asking EU to take action
against Google's online library project, Google Books, a project targeting
the scanning of entire book collections of major libraries.
"This move has an impact on cultural and media policy that we need to put on
a European level," said Culture Minister Bernd Neumann.
There is already a dispute between Google and US authors and publishers as
the publishing industry is concerned by the fact that scanning books without
authors' permission is a violation of copyright laws.
Germany's information note argues that many of the rights holders having
works that are scanned by Google are in the EU and that European copyright
law differs from the US one. The German delegation considers that Google is
using the excuse of a fair use exception to face copyright claims, an
exemption which doesn't exist in EU member states.
The main concern is related to the necessity of obtaining consent given by
authors before scanning their works. "Google's actions are irreconcilable
with the principles of European copyright law, according to which the
consent of the author must be obtained before his or her works may be
reproduced or made publicly available on the Internet" says the note.
Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier has shown concerns regarding
competitivity issues: "Through digitalising millions of books without right
holders' permission, Google has already gained a competitive advantage
against similar projects like Europeana and libreka.de - who unlike
Google respect European copyright laws."
The EU has immediately confirmed the launching of a formal inquiry which
will apparently focus on copyright matters and will look into the settlement
Google has with publishers and authors.
After Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers filed a law
suit against Google in 2004 arguing the giant was violating copyright by
displaying excerpts of books without the permission of the copyright
holders, a settlement reached in October 2008 raised criticism and is now
investigated by the US Justice Department on anti-trust grounds.
The settlement would let Google sell to other libraries access to its online
books and subscriptions to its entire library and the revenues would go to
Google, publishers and authors. The settlement gives authors until early
January to adhere to it and hence receive money for having their books
scanned or to opt out of the system by September 2009.
Anne Bergman-Tahon, director of the FEP believes that "millions of works
will never be claimed because these 300 pages of settlement are so
complicated." Therefore, critics argue that when copyright holders do not
come forward, Google alone will have the rights to "orphan books" which,
according to a recent article in the Wall Street Journal newspaper are
estimated at 50 to 70 percent of books published after 1923. Google will
hold monopoly under the circumstances and will be in the position to charge
as much as it wants for access to books.
On the other hand, Google stated that by its project it was giving an
eternal digital life to millions of books which are now out of print and
that it was "happy to engage in any constructive dialogue about the future
of books and copyright."
EU may flex regulatory muscles against Google book deal (1.06.2009)
Germany wants EU to fight Google Books project (2.06.2009)
Council calls on Commission to examine Google Books project (2.06.2009)
EU states concerned over Google library plans (27.05.2009)
EU confirms Google investigation (31.05.2009)
8. Deutsche Telecom investigating the sexual life of job applicants
According to German newspaper Handelsblatt, Deutsche Telecom was keeping
records about personal details of job applicants, including details about
their sexual life. Similar records on potential employees were also kept in
Macedonia, Croatia, Slovenia and Hungary.
An anonymous security consultant who used to work for Deutsche Telecom
stated for the German newspaper that this was actually a common practice of
the company.
According to Handelsblatt, the German Telecom hired private detectives from
Germany who were collecting data about potential employees by eavesdropping
phone conversations, investigating their bank accounts and intimate, sexual
life, explaining that this way they could know who they were dealing with.
This was revealed soon after Deutsche Telecom confirmed the information that
it was spying on the directors in its companies and on journalists, in order
to determine where the information was leaking from.
The company announced that it did not order regular reports on the
private life of the potential employees. The people from Macedonian
Telecommunications say that this was not, is not and will not be a practice
of their company.
"These allegations are absolutely wrong, unserious and unsubstantiated.
Such practice is prohibited by the Law on personal data protection.
Everybody knows what information should be submitted by the applicant; first
and last name, address, education, previous work experience, recommendations
and a motivation letter" claim the representatives of T-Mobile and T-Home,
companies owned by Deutsche Telecom.
"All of the employment applications can be found on the company's
website" say the representatives from Macedonian Telecom.
The representatives of the Croatian T-Com stated that they did not
know anything about the spying, and if the investigation proves that this
really happened, the responsible persons will have to bear the consequences.
According to the reports to which the newspaper had access, a woman
that was applying for a job in the Croatian telecom - a branch of DT, is
described as an experienced sexual partner with a rich imagination. The
partners of the candidate allegedly said that she was a "female predator"
with a big sexual urge and that she prefered older men. In another report,
which was allegedly prepared by the German counterintelligence service BND,
a candidate is described as an alcoholic, and another one as a corrupted old
Deutsche Telecom claims it did not order reports with personal data of
the candidates.
"Deutsche Telecom is not analyzing the private life of the applicants.
DT doesn't need any information about the private life of the candidates"
stated Philip Blank, the company's spokesman.
According to AFP, this is one of the several scandals that broke out
in Deutsche Telecom and the company also admitted to have spied on
journalists and members of the supervisory board in order to find the source
of the media. DT also admitted that in 2006 it was checking the bank
accounts of more than 100 000 workers to determine whether any of them were
involved in corruption.
Deutsche Telecom investigating the sexual life of job applicants
(contribution by Kire Dimik - EDRi-member Metamorphosis - Macedonia)
9. Recommended Action
On 26 May 2009 the European Commission opened a consultation on the
conclusions of the online commerce roundtable on the online distribution of
music. The consultation will close on 30 June 2009.
10. Recommended Reading
Ethnic Profiling in the European Union: Pervasive, Ineffective, and
Discriminatory (26.05.2009)
Constitutional complaint against Hadopi (only in French, 19.05.2009)
The German constitutional court published its 2008-ruling that created a
"fundamental right to the guarantee of the confidentiality and integrity of
information technology systems" in English (27.02.2008)
11. Agenda
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
10 June 2009, Brussels, Belgium
The Global Enforcement Agenda of copyright, patents and other IPRs: Some
consumer perspectives
Organized by TransAtlantic Consumer Dialogue (TACD), Knowledge Ecology
International (KEI) and Health Action International Europe (HAI-E)
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
Call for papers by 1 July 2009
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-06-17 19:39:30
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.12, 17 June 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.12, 17 June 2009
1. The French Constitutional Council censures the 3 strikes law
2. The dawning of Internet censorship in Germany
3. Stockholm programme - the new EU dangerous surveillance system
4. The telecoms ministers rejected the telecom package as adopted by the EP
5. Finland: Complaints not allowed for the Police child-porn censorship list
6. Windows 7 is launched without IE, but the Commission is not pleased
7. More voices in the EP for digital rights
8. Report: OECD Conference on Sensor Based Networks
9. ENDitorial: Regulating online media in Azerbaijan?
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. The French Constitutional Council censures the 3 strikes law
As a result of the appeal of the Socialist Party, the French Constitutional
Council decided on 10 June 2009 that 3 strikes (known also as Hadopi)
draft law was infringing the Constitution and the  Declaration of the Rights
of Man and of the Citizen from 1789 and rejected the most important parts of
the text. The graduate response was censured, the Council considering that
any sanction applied to Internet users could only be applied by a court.
In the Council's opinion, the draft law infringes article 11 of the
Declaration which ensures the freedom of communication
and expression, that also applies to the online world, as the Internet is
nowadays a very important means of communication. The power to "limit the
exercise by any person of one's right to express oneself and freely
communicate" cannot be given to an administrative authority. "These powers
can only be incumbent on a judge", says the Council. This is the same
position expressed by several members of the European Parliament especially
by the introduction into the Telecom package of the well-known amendment
The Council also believes the law is in breach of article 9 of the same
Declaration that stipulates the principle of the presumption of innocence.
This principle was entirely ignored by the draft law where the text says
that a sanction can be applied to an Internet user presumed guilty: "By
ignoring article 9 of the Declaration of 1789, the law thus setting up, by
operating an inversion of the proof charge, a presumption of guilt that
could lead to the application to the subscriber of sanctions depriving or
limiting his rights".
The Council also ruled that the method of policing the web envisaged in the
law was in breach of a citizen's right to privacy fact which might influence
future decisions on other means of restriction or limitation, such as
filtering projects.
While the socialists asked the law be "completely rewritten with the double
aim of ensuring the financing of culture and preserving the freedom of
Internet users", Christine Albanel, France's culture minister, continued to
defend the draft bill, stating she regretted that she could not finalise
"the logic of 'decriminalisation of Internet users' behaviour by bringing
all stages of the procedure to a non-judicial authority".
The law was promulgated by Nicolas Sarkozy on 13 June 2009 in its censored
form. A new text, named Hadopi 2, is to be presented to the French Council
of Ministers before the end of June in order to give judges the power to
apply sanctions. The text will have to observe the Constitutional Council's
opinion. In any case, the law will be deprived of its core and the graduate
response is crippled.
The government may be in the position of having to consider the fine system
that it had rejected previously. The method has the advantage of seeing
immediate results and of not being in breach of fundamental rights. However,
even for a fine, material evidence will have to be brought in court to prove
an Internet user's copyright infringement, which will be rather difficult to
The ruling of the Constitutional Council is in line with the arguments the
European Parliament which has tried to outlaw the French bill by the
introduction of amendment 138 into the telecom package. On 11 June, the
package was however rejected at the EU telecoms ministers meeting in
Luxembourg which means that the law will go through a conciliation process
mediated by the European Commission. This will begin in the autumn and the
legislation is expected to be passed only next year.
French Constitutional Court - Decision n 2009-580 DC of 10 June 2009 (only
in French, 10.06.2009)
The Constitutional Council censures the graduate response (only in French,
French anti-filesharing law overturned (10.06.2009)
Press Release of the French Constitutional Council on Decision n0 2009-580
DC (only in French, 10.06.2009)
Hadopi : the Constitutional Council censures the graduate response (only in
French, 10.06.2009)
Sarkozy tries to rescue internet law after court decision (12.06.2009)
French ruling raises hopes for EU telecoms deal (11.06.2009)
Hadopi law is promulgated in its uncensored part (only in French,
Hadopi 2 will be presented to the Council of Ministers by the end of the
month (only in French, 12.06.2009)
EDRI-gram: French Government hurries to put HADOPI law into application
2. The dawning of Internet censorship in Germany
Germany is on the verge of censoring its Internet: The government - a grand
coalition between the German social democrats and conservative party - seems
united in its decision: On 18 June 2009, the German Parliament is to vote on
the erection of an internet censorship architecture.
The Minister for Family Affairs Ursula von der Leyen kicked off and led the
discussions within the German Federal Government to block Internet sites in
order to fight child pornography. The general idea is to build a censorship
architecture enabling the government to block content containing child
pornography. The Federal Office of Criminal Investigation (BKA) is to
administer the lists of sites to be blocked and the internet providers
obliged to erect the secret censorship architecture for the government.
A strong and still growing network opposing these ideas quickly formed
within the German internet community. The protest has not been limited to
hackers and digital activists but rather a mainstreamed effort widely
supported by bloggers and twitter-users. The HashTag used by the protesters
is  - a German mesh up of the Ministers name and the word
censorship equivalent to As part of the public's protest an official e-Petition directed at the
German parliament was launched. Within three days 50,000 persons signed the
petition - the number required for the petition titled "No indexing and
blocking of Internet sites" to be heard by the parliament. The running time
of an e-Petition in Germany is 6 weeks, during this time over 130 000
people signed making this e-Petition the most signed and most successful
During the past weeks, protests became more and more creative - countless
blogs and twitter-users followed and commented the discussions within
governments and opposing arguments. Many mainstream media picked up on this
and reported about the protest taking place on-line. A working group on
censorship was founded and the protest coordinated with a wiki, mailing
lists, chats and of course employing twitter and blogs. One website
"Zeichnemit.de" created a landing page explaining the complicated
petitioning system and making signing the petition easier and more
accessible for non net-experts.
Over 500 people attended the Government official press conference on the
planed internet censorship, a number of whom used this occasion to
demonstrate and voice their concerns. In fact, demonstrators began attending
some of the Minister von der Leyens public appearances, carrying banners and
signs to raise attention to the stifling of information freedom in Germany.
The net community did not only oppose the governments plans, but also made
constructive suggestions on how to deal with the problem of child
pornography without introducing a censorship architecture and circumcising
constitutional freedoms. The working group on censorship demonstrated the
alternatives for instance by actually removing over 60 websites containing
child pornographic content in 12 hours, simply by emailing the international
providers who then removed this content from the net. The sites were
identified through the black lists of other countries documented on
Wikileaks. This demonstration underlines the protesters' main arguments:
instead of effectively investing time and efforts to have illegal content
removed from the internet, the German government is choosing censorship and
blocking, an easy and dangerous way out. The greatest fear of the
protesters is that once in place, the infrastructure will be used to censor
other forms of unwanted content, not only child pornography. German
politicians already seem to be lining up with their wish-list of content to
be censored in future - the suggestions ranging form gambling sites,
islamist web pages, first person shooters, and the music industry cheering
up with the thought of finally banning Pirate Bay and p2p.
More information and linklist (only in German)
Links, banners and more (16.06.2009)
EDRi-gram: German Government forces ISPs to put web filters (22.04.2009)
Internet filtering type Loppsi creates polemics in Germany(only in French,
(contribution by Markus Beckedahl, EDRi-member NNM- Germany, Thanks to
Geraldine de Bastion for the translation)
3. Stockholm programme - the new EU dangerous surveillance system
Civil rights groups are worried about a new EU proposal that would enhance a
"dangerously authoritarian" European surveillance and security system that
will include ID card register, Internet surveillance systems, satellite
surveillance, automated exit-entry border systems operated by machines
reading biometrics and risk profiling systems.
On 15 June 2009, EU justice ministers discussed on the so called
Stockholm programme trying to set up the first EU "domestic security
strategy for the EU", by the end of this year. The 'Stockholm Programme' is
the Swedish EU Presidency's proposed legislative agenda in the area of
justice and home affairs for the 2009-2014 period.
According to the Swedish Presidency, the Stockholm Programme aims to "define
the framework for EU police and customs cooperation, rescue services,
criminal and civil law cooperation, asylum, migration and visa policy".
"National frontiers should no longer restrict our activities," said Jacques
Barrot, the European justice and security commissioner on 9 June when he
presented the EU priorities in the justice area for the next five years. The
measures include increased security co-operation and improved immigration
The paper presented by the commissioner calls for stricter border controls,
a better exchange of information on criminal and security issues between the
member states and an increased police co-operation.
European Commission President Josi Manuel Barroso said that "in future, EU
action must aim above all at delivering the best possible service to the
citizen in an area of freedom, security and justice more tangible for the
"We want to promote citizens' rights, make their daily lives easier and
provide protection, and this calls for effective and responsible European
action in these areas. In this context, I consider immigration policy
particularly important. This is the vision the Commission is presenting to
the Council and Parliament for debate, with a view to the adoption of the
new Stockholm Programme by the European Council in December 2009," he added.
But civil liberties advocates commented in a different way the
proposal: "What stands out are the proposals related to the Future Group
report. A promise to balance better data protection and EU standards for
'Privacy Enhancing Technology' with the law enforcement agencies demands for
access to all information and communications. An 'information system
architecture' to bring about the sharing of all data across the EU. The use
of 'security technologies' to harness the 'digital tsunami' to gather
through mass surveillance personal data on peoples' everyday activities
through public-private partnerships.
What is new is the clear aim of creating the surveillance society and the
database state. Future generations, for whom this will be a fully developed
reality, will look back at this era and rightly ask, why did you not act to
stop it." said Tony Bunyan from Statewatch.
The paper reintroduces proposals related to immigration and asylum,
insisting on "burden-sharing and solidarity" between member states as
regards asylum seekers and stating legal migrants should have the same
status across the EU and that they should have easier access to the job
market. Frontex, the external borders agency should be given more powers in
preventing human traffic and irregular immigrations at the EU borders.
In the opinion of liberty advocates, these plans will only get us closer to
a surveillance type of society. "An increasingly sophisticated internal and
external security apparatus is developing under the auspices of the EU,"
commented Tony Bunyan.
One of the main concerns is the intention of standardising European police
surveillance techniques and of creating common data gathering systems
operated at the EU level. A particularly worrying statement of the proposal
is: "The SIS II and VIS information systems will have to enter their fully
operational phase. An electronic system for recording entry and exit and a
registered traveller programme must be established. The usefulness of a
system of prior travel authorisation must be examined."
The plans have in view an extension of the sharing of the present DNA and
fingerprint databases stored for new digital ID cards to CCTV video footage
and material gathered from Internet surveillance.
The Daily Telegraph stated they had information from EU officials that the
new plans would need the coverage of the Lisbon Treaty presently stopped by
the Irish referendum in 2008 and waiting for a second Irish vote this
autumn. The Treaty stipulates the creation of a Standing Committee for
Internal Security to co-ordinate policy between national forces and EU
organisations such as Europol, the Frontex, the European Gendarmerie Force
and the Brussels intelligence.
The Stockholm programme will be discussed at the informal ministerial
meeting in Stockholm in July 2009, to be further on examined by the European
Parliament in November with the hope that it would be approved at the Summit
in December 2009, under the Swedish presidency.
EC proposals for the Stockholm Programme (COM(2009) 262/4)
EU security proposals are 'dangerously authoritarian' (10.06.2009)
Brussels outlines justice priorities for next 5 years (10.06.2009)
Sweden's EU immigration plans facing headwinds (11.06.2009)
Justice and Home Affairs - Stockholm Programme
Closer cooperation between EU countries on the agenda for justice and home
affairs. - Freedom, justice, security: a balancing act (10.06.2009)
European Commission outlines its vision for the area of  Freedom, Security
and Justice in the next five years (10.06.2009)
European Commission - Communication - An evaluation of the Hague Programme
and Action Plan (10.06.2009)
Statewatch Observatory
The "Stockholm Programme" - "The Shape of Things to Come"
European Civil Liberties Network - Oppose the "Stockholm Programme"
4. The telecoms ministers rejected the telecom package as adopted by the EP
The European Commission continues to pressure the Council and the new
European Parliament to rapidly adopt the telecoms package without a proper
scrutiny of the law or any consideration of the implications of Amendment
At the Luxembourg meeting on 11 June 2009, the telecoms ministers decided to
reject the telecom package in the form adopted by the European Parliament in
the second reading on 6 May 2009, thus proposing a new round of
The ministers consider the Parliament has breached the earlier compromise
reached with the Council on the telecoms package as a whole, obviously the
main issue under question being the controversial issue of copyright
protection and users' rights. And with the new decision of the French
Constitutional Council against the French three strikes law, the European
Parliament will probably insist in its position.
On a press conference on 11 June, the position of the European Commission
was expressed by Viviane Reding's spokesman Martin Selmayr who stated that
the issue of Amendment 138 had been dealt with at the national level (thus
referring to the French Constitutional Council decision) and therefore
should no longer be a European matter. Which, obviously, means that the
Commission wants the amendment dropped from the telecom package.
Reding, which has lately been supporting France's position for the graduate
response, made an appeal to EU lawmakers urging them to finalise the
discussions on the package. "I call on all political players to do their
best in the next days and weeks to settle the last pending issue. Critics
often lament about Europe's lack of competitiveness, because of the alleged
length of the EU's decision-making processes. In the next days and weeks,
Council and Parliament have the unique opportunity to prove these critics
The deadline for the European Parliament to send its position to the Council
on the telecoms package is 19 June. After this, there are several options
for the telecoms ministers. One is to adopt the text as voted by the
Parliament but this is unlikely having in view their position on Amendment
138, especially the position of France in the matter.
Another option is to adopt a counter-proposal restating the Council's
initial line which will formally start the negotiation procedure to take
place under the new Swedish presidency. In this case, the Parliament will
have to create a conciliation committee including 27 newly elected members
representing all the EU countries. A formal agreement could be reached by
the end of the year.
EU Council could also reopen the entire case asking for negotiations on the
core of the text which could lead to other debates with unpredictable
duration and results.
A technical possibility could be to split the package but this is unlikely
as the ministers have already stated they did not want to take that road.
As the text is interlinked, splitting it would mean bringing modifications
to a large part of the text.
The European Parliament's schedule is to have a trialogue on 29 September
with a final vote on 15 December which would give time for discussion of the
issues raised by Amendment 138 and for the new MEPs to get familiarised with
these issues.
French ruling raises hopes for EU telecoms deal (11.06.2009)
Commission steps up pressure on Telecoms Package (10.06.2009)
Reding: don't involve EU in fundamental rights (12.06.2009)
Telecoms package remains hostage of political row (12.06.2009)
Ministers braced for final round of telecoms talks (11.06.2009)
Presidency Press Statement on the state of play regarding the 'telecoms
package' (12.06.2009)
EDRI-gram: European Parliament votes against the 3 strikes. Again
5. Finland: Complaints not allowed for the Police child-porn censorship list
The Helsinki Administrative court decided on 20 May 2009 that complaints
lodged in regards to the child-porn censorship list maintained by the
Finnish Police are not allowed.
The case originates from one Finnish activist's "battle" against the
censorship list maintained by the Finnish police and originally the
censorship law passed by the Finnish Parliament in 2006, meant to combat
child pornography. The list works in the manner that in conjunction with the
ISPs the Finnish Police is able to bock access to certain sites deemed as
having child pornography content and thus illegal.
However what the activist Matti Nikki contests is that although the list is
maintained for a good cause, many sites including Mr. Nikki's own site
lapsiporno.info (translated as childporn.info) meant to display parts of the
Police's censorship list end up as being blocked in an arbitrary manner by
the Police. This is shown by the way in which the Finnish Police acted in
relation to Mr. Nikki, after he started a direct debate with the Finnish
Police; the Police stepped in and included Nikki's site onto the censorship
list, after which Mr. Nikki was interrogated by the Police and the Finnish
Attorney General deliberated whether Mr. Nikki should be prosecuted for
distribution of child pornography. No action of prosecution followed, and
Mr. Nikki asked that his site be removed from the list of censored sites.
The Finnish Central Criminal Police decided not to release lapsiporno.info.
Mr. Nikki appealed to the Helsinki Administrative Court, which gave its
decision in May 2009.
The decision of the Helsinki Administrative Court states that Mr. Nikki's
site is being censored, however the most worrying aspect is that while the
court admits that the case is in fact about censoring Mr. Nikki's personal
site, it totally walks over the Finnish constitution and the rights
enshrined in it in relation to freedom of speech, without even giving any
reasoning why it has done so. This is a grave violation of Article 10 of the
European Convention on Human Rights.
Mr. Nikki, who is represented by the Helsinki - based law firm Turre Legal,
will appeal the decision to the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland
during June 2009.
Decision of the Helsinki Administrative Court (only in Finnish, 20.05.2009)
(contribution by Markku Rdsdnen - Summer Associate, Turre Legal, Finland)
6. Windows 7 is launched without IE, but the Commission is not pleased
Although until recently Microsoft was claiming that Internet Explorer (IE)
browser was an integrant part of Windows operating system, on 11 June 2009
the company stated it would launch its new version of operating system for
the European market, Windows 7, without Internet Explorer. The decision
comes as a result of a Statement of Objections sent to Microsoft in January
2009 by the European Commission regarding competition concerns related to
the bundling of the browser to the operating system. However, the European
Commission has not welcomed the new decision.
A Statement of Objections is a formal step in Commission antitrust
investigations by means of which the parties concerned are informed in
writing of the objections raised against them. Microsoft replied to the this
step on 28 April 2009 and the Commission is presently considering
Microsoft's reply and any additional evidence in the case.
According to the Commission, by bundling Internet Explorer to Windows,
Microsoft is using its dominant position in the operating system market to
block competition in the browser market. Microsoft was already fined in
EU in 2007 for bundling its media player to Windows.
Waiting for the decision of the Commission but wishing to observe its
launching targets for the new version of its operation system, Microsoft
decided to offer this European version without IE. "We're committed to
making Windows 7 available in Europe at the same time that it launches in
the rest of the world, but we also must comply with European competition law
as we launch the product. Given the pending legal proceeding, we've decided
that instead of including Internet Explorer in Windows 7 in Europe, we will
offer it separately and on an easy-to-install basis to both computer
manufacturers and users. This means that computer manufacturers and users
will be free to install Internet Explorer on Windows 7, or not, as they
prefer. Of course, they will also be free, as they are today, to install
other Web browsers," stated Deputy General Counsel Dave Heiner in a blog
post on the company website.
In response to this statement, on 12 June, the European regulators showed
they were not pleased with Microsoft's decision as they had suggested that
the company offer a selection of browsers on its operating system to open up
choice for consumers and not a complete lack of options.
"Microsoft has apparently decided to supply retail consumers with a version
of Windows without a web browser at all. Rather than more choice, Microsoft
seems to have chosen to provide less," said the Commission in its statement.
The reaction is explainable as after Microsoft had decided to sell a version
of Windows without its Media Player after the fine received in 2007, it
succeeded in going around the Commission's restrictions by selling an
alternative version of Windows equipped for free with the Media Player,
which was obviously preferred by the consumers.
A potential solution considered in the Commission' Statement of Objections
would be to allow consumers to choose from different web browsers presented
to them through a 'ballot screen' in Windows. Thus, the Commission might
force Microsoft to include other browsers with its operating system which
will probably help competitive browser companies such as Mozilla's Firefox ,
Opera, Google's Chrome and Apple's Safari.
EU unconvinced by Microsoft Internet browser offer (12.06.2009)
Antitrust: Commission statement on Microsoft Internet Explorer announcement
Working to Fulfill our Legal Obligations in Europe for Windows 7
Brussels threatens Microsoft with fresh fine (19.01.2009)
7. More voices in the EP for digital rights
The recent elections have brought more seats for parties supporting digital
rights in the European Parliament (EP), such as the Greens, UK Independence
Party or the Liberal Democrats. The Swedish Pirate Party has succeeded in
getting a seat as well.
The Pirate Party has succeeded in obtaining 7% of the votes in Sweden, thus
winning one representative in the EP. In case the Lisbon Treaty is adopted,
it might even get one more seat. The success of the party is due to two
recent events: the EU's intellectual property enforcement directive which
asks that ISPs turn over traffic data to copyright holders who are trying to
track down filesharers and which was brought into force by the Swedish
Government in April 2009 and the result of the Pirate Bay trial. The party's
success has proven that privacy rights and fair copyright systems matter to
Swedish people.
Ray Corrigan, senior lecturer in -technology at the Open University,
explains: "A lot of IP laws are being driven through because they are off
most people's cognitive agendas. If you start knocking people off the
internet for -allegedly infringing copyright those numbers start to grow
into the thousands, or tens of thousands, very quickly. It has a direct
impact on their children's education and some people may need the internet
for their job."
The Pirate Party will join either the Green or the Liberal groupings in the
European Parliament. "There have been no formal discussions, but we have
been invited by a few groups for informal talks," said Christian Engstroem,
a computer programmer and the candidate heading the party's list who also
said that the party would join the one grouping that will be the closest to
the party's positions on Internet freedoms.
The Pirate Party presence may bring new debates on the issues of patents and
copyright and privacy. Their position is for a five year copyright term, a
file sharing exception and the abolishment of patents.
EDRi-member Open Rights Group considers that the Pirate Party has some
positions that are a little extreme but the party's cultural flat rate
proposal might be something similar to a payment made in exchange for a file
sharing exception. While the Pirate Party advocates for a 5-year term
copyright, many copyright academics feel the economically optimal term is
rather 15 years than the life plus 70 years that is now in force.
Sweden is not the only country where digital rights supporters have
succeeded in making their voice heard. The German pirate party,
Piratenpartei Deutschland, won close to 1% of the vote. And registered
"Pirate Parties" now exist in Austria, Denmark, Finland, Poland and Spain.
Similar groups are attempting to register as political parties in the UK and
the US as well.
"My view is that IP is a good and necessary thing. I'm not in favour of a
free-for-all but I do think that there are many important questions that
need to be addressed. I think it's a good thing that you are getting
representatives in parliament who wish to challenge the established view,"
stated Andrew Dearing, secretary general of the European Industrial
Research -Management Association.
A new and fresh breath of air will be beneficial for the atmosphere in the
European Parliament that relies more on the Internet as a source of
information, but also as a communication tool with its voters. A survey
carried out by Fleishman-Hillard during 1 April to 1 May 2009 shows that
although most MEPs largely use the Internet, it seems most of them still
believe traditional forms of communication, such as television or
newspapers, are more effective. About 75 percent of the MEPs use a web page
to communicate with their voters, 93% use search engines daily to understand
issues. Still, many of them have to open up to social online media as only
thirty-three percent of them use the social media networks "extensively", 20
percent occasionally, but 29 percent "do not use them or do not plan to use
"Members of the European Parliament recognise that EU citizens go online and
that they therefore need a web presence. However, the majority of MEPs do
not currently take full advantage of social media tools as a means to engage
with voters and drive them to their websites," the survey said.
Pirates to join Green or Liberal groups in EU parliament (3.06.2009)
Majority of MEPs do not 'tweet' (4.06.2009)
Sweden's Pirate party sails to success in European elections (11.06.2009)
What do the EU results and Pirate Party mean for digital rights? (9.06.2009)
EDRIgram: The Pirate Bay asks for retrial claiming conflict of interest
8. Report: OECD Conference on Sensor Based Networks
"Using Sensor-based Networks to Address Global Issues: Policy Opportunities
and Challenges" was the title of an experts conference the OECD organised on
08 and 09 June 2009, hosted by Portugal, in Lisbon. Andreas Krisch
participated in the conference on behalf of EDRi and CSISAC.
The goal of the Conference was to help policy makers:
a. understand Sensor-Based Networks and their potential contribution to
economic and social welfare,
b. identify how to further stimulate innovation in this area and foster
the development of these technologies where they are needed the most and are
the most promising.
During the one and a half day event, the potentials of sensor based networks
in the areas of health and elderly care, protection of the environment and
transportation were discussed. Presentations on different research and
commercial projects illustrated current and potential future uses of sensor
networks. The presented applications ranged from humidity sensors used for
the reduction of water consumption in agriculture via sensor networks used
to support elderly care at home to traffic control systems for highways
based on information gathered from vehicle on-board computers.
In the last session privacy protection and information security dominated
the discussion on policy options. Panellists made quite clear that, in their
opinion, a widespread use of sensor networks and related technologies will
only be possible in future, when a sufficient level of trust can be
achieved. For this, privacy protection and information security are key.
For a more detailed report on the conference see
Conference website
Presentations, session summaries, conclusions
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
9. ENDitorial: Regulating online media in Azerbaijan?
I was invited last week to a meeting in Baku, Azerbaijan by the Council of
Europe that organized together with the local National TV and Radio Council
in order to discuss some issues related to the regulation of online media.
The meeting took place on 4 June 2009 and the first part was dedicated to
the local authorities (Ministry of Communication and Information
Technologies or National TV and Radio Council) local Internet actors (The
online news agency lent.az, or APA news agency) and NGOs (such as Azerbaijan
Internet Forum or IREX Azerbaijan).
Although the authorities and private partners sat at the same table, there
was a huge difference in speeches. While the Deputy Minister of
Communications and Information Technologies Iltimas Mammadov talked about
2000 km optic cable already deployed and measures for using Internet in the
cars via WiMax, the private sector claimed that 95% of the population used
dial-up or similar connections and that the average cost of a 1Mb/s monthly
connection was between 60-120 manats (approx. 53-107 Euro), which is a huge
price for an average person in Azerbaijan.
While the authorities claimed that anyone can start an ISP, the private
sector insisted that, basically, the backbone connectivity could be bought
only from a "special" ISP - Delta Telecom. The high final prices and
allegation of some content being blocked by the authorities could thus be
Talking about regulating online media, the voices seem to converge in asking
for a definition of "electronic media". Strangely in my opinion, the private
sector representatives asked for a clarification in this respect, seeming to
want such a registration for the electronic media (which is in fact more a
notification). But this could be explained by the fact that otherwise you
are not invited to press conferences or able to get an interview from an
In a country where you need to register your off-line publication with the
Ministry of Justice or your TV or radio station with the National Television
and Radio Council, most of the speakers seem to claim that the regulation
should be the rule to protect others' privacy or honour, to prevent
pro-aggressive war speech (this part may be a result of the war on
Nagorno-Karabakh with Armenia) or hacking of websites (?!?).
Another interesting aspect is that the present mass-media law from 2009
lists the Internet as a mass-medium.
The European experience presented by Mr Marcel Betzel, a policy adviser from
the Dutch Media Authority and by myself was focused on whether any
regulation was needed in the new online environment and whether such a
regulation would be feasible.We also tried to emphasise with concrete
examples the importance of self-regulation and its results.
I have specifically explained why a registration of online media could be
seen as a potential infringement of the freedom of expression if we take
into consideration the jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights.
Also why we need to consider whether a new legislation is feasible in terms
of its application and whether it will just send the unwanted content hosted
in another country.
Mr. Betzel also presented the difficulties of implementing the new European
Audiovisual Media Services Directive and identifying which site can be
considered web TV or Internet radio, according to the new rules.
Taking into consideration the traditional IT development skills of the
Azeri, the Internet has a lot of place to grow, but for now, it is hard to
estimate what the future actions of the Azeri authorities will be, if any,
for a "better regulation" of the online media.
Regulation of Online Media in Azerbaijan
Conference on the theme "Regulation of Internet media in Azerbaijan" takes
place (4.06.2009)
Azerbaijan - OpenNet Initiative Profile
(contribution by Bogdan Manolea - EDRi-member APTI - Romania)
10. Recommended Action
Cloud Privacy - An open letter to Google's CEO, Eric Schmidt
This six page letter (pdf) to Google's CEO, Eric Schmidt, is signed by 38
researchers and academics in the fields of computer science, information
security and privacy law. Together, they ask Google to honor the important
privacy promises it has made to its customers and protect users'
communications from theft and snooping by enabling industry standard
transport encryption technology (HTTPS) for Google Mail, Docs, and Calendar.
11. Recommended Reading
Reykjavik conference maps out future Council of Europe work on media and the
Political Declaration and resolutions
12. Agenda
28-30 June 2009, Turin, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
6-7 July 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Fifth Internet Law & Politics Conference organized by the Law and Political
Science Department of the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya
The Pros and Cons of Social Networking Sites.
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
Call for papers by 1 July 2009
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-03-11 23:45:52
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.5, 11 March 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.5, 11 March 2009
1. Nokia Law approved
2. IRMA tries to block websites
3. No e-voting in Germany
4. EP wants a better balance between Internet security and privacy rights
5. At Large Structures in ICANN get together for the first time
6. Swedish Pirate Bay trial waiting now for the decision
7. Biometric passports law - upheld by the Romanian authorities
8. Yahoo penalised in Belgium for not disclosing personal data
9. UK Tribunal wants the Gateway reviews on ID scheme made public
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Nokia Law approved
The snooping law, also called Lex Nokia, was approved in the Finnish
Parliament two weeks ago. EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland has
appealed to Tarja Halonen, the President of Finland, to intervene:  before
signing it President Halonen should request the Supreme Court's opinion on
whether the amended Act on the Protection of Privacy in Electronic
Communications clashes with the constitution.
Member of Parliament, Jaakko Laakso (Left Alliance) suggested that the
Parliament should request a statement on the constitutionality of the law
from the Venice Commission. Some parliamentarians, for example Heli
Jdrvinen (Greens), also agreed with professor Tuomas Ojanen, who has advised
that some organizations should  take the matter up with the European Court
of Human Rights.
Other EDRi-members have confirmed that the situation can be worst in other
European countries. In Spain there is no specific law, but based on a
sentence from the Spanish Supreme Court, employers can inspect data and
communications at work under the condition that the employer previously
declares a policy for the use of computers and Internet at work, e.g. what
digital communications and files are going to be inspected. Therefore,
employers can establish the level of privacy at work, as for the Supreme
Court the usage of computers and Internet is not covered by the law on
worker's rights.
In France there is a decision from 9 July 2008 by the Cassation Court
concluding that "connections established by an employee to Internet
websites during his working time and thanks to the computer provided by his
employer to execute his work are presumed to have a professional character,
such that the employer may search them in order to identify them, in the
absence of the employee". In other words, the whole navigation history of an
employee can be searched by the employer.
Previously, a decision of 2006 by the same court in a different case,
established that all computer files of an employee are presumed
as professional, unless they are explicitely marked as "personal",
and can thus be searched in his absence.
For email messages, the same court ruled in a third case in 2001 that
email should obey the same regime (professional, unless marked as
In summary, in France anything unmarked as "personal" is searchable by the
employer, in the absence of the employee.
Parliament Passes "Lex Nokia" Bill (4.03.2009)
Finnish Parliament approves e-mail tracking law (5.03.2009)
EFFI urges Finnish president to intervene in Lex Nokia (5.03.2009)
Spanish Supreme Court Decision on snooping (only in Spanish, 26.09.2007)
Cybersurveillance at work in France (only in French, 28.07.2008)
French DPA (CNIL) - Guide for employers and employees (only in French, 2008)
Venice Commission
EDRi-gram: Lex Nokia storms into the Finnish Parliament (25.02.2009)
2. IRMA tries to block websites
IRMA, the Irish Recorded Music Association, wants to block Irish Internet
users' access to certain websites. In February 2009, after having reached
the deal with Eircom, the association sent letters to Irish Internet
providers asking them to block the sites that it indicated, under threat of
legal action.
Eircom has already agreed to a "three strikes" approach and IRMA was to take
the same approach with all other Irish ISPs. In terms of the agreement, the
evidence of illegal downloads will be provided by IRMA and Eircom will take
action without a court hearing. Unfortunately, the agreement also means that
Eircom is not to oppose any application blocking file-sharing websites from
their network.
Apparently, IRMA will monitor peer-to-peer networks using DtecNet. Any
allegedly suspicious IP addresses will be passed on to IRMA which will
"present the evidence" to Eircom, without the necessity of a court hearing
and in the absence of the accused.
"While IrelandOffline doesn't condone illegal file-sharing, this move is not
a proper solution to the problem, and impedes on legal and legitimate
internet access in the process," said Eamonn Wallace, spokesperson for
broadband lobby group IrelandOffline.
According to Damien Mulley, former chairman of IrelandOffline, IRMA will
start by blocking The Pirate Bay, then Mininova, IsoHunt, YouTube and "I
don't think they'll stop there too, any site that links to The Pirate Bay
and the others on the hate list will probably be added to the list too. (..)
this is what it is in my view an attack on our freedom to read, our freedom
to write, our freedom to move around the web".
Those who will suffer most will the users, who will be cut off based on
allegations made by the association without any involvement of the court and
the websites which could be blocked, based on a court hearing where they
will have no say.
Blackout Ireland, a group of Irish Internet users, believes that this scheme
not only is inefficient in combating piracy but it is also a serious breach
of civil liberties. At the same time, blocking websites never works as
pirates can easily circumvent any blockage and only legitimate users will
actually suffer from it. "Censorship is not a solution. It is avoiding the
issue. It does not pay artists for their work," says Blackout Ireland.
Blackout Ireland is also organizing a blackout that started on 5 March and
will last for one week encouraging people to set their picture on sites like
Facebook, Bebo, Twitter, MSN, etc black and to take a stand on this issue by
blog posts, letters to newspapers or any form of communication.
Irish Blackout: Why Irish ISPs Should Stand with Their Customers (4.03.2009)
Blackout Ireland - Some Questions (28.02.2009)
Lobby group calls for stop to censorship plans (26.02.2009)
Music industry pushing for internet filtering as well as "three strikes" -
what can you do about it?(26.02.2009)
Blackout Ireland
IRMA letter to ISPs (13.02.2009)
EDRI-gram: Irish ISP settled to introduce 3 strikes (11.02.2009)
3. No e-voting in Germany
The German Federal Constitutional Court decided on 3 March 2009 that
electronic voting used for the last 10 years, including for the 2005 general
elections, was unconstitutional and therefore not to be used for the next
elections in September 2009.
The court ruled that the use of the electronic machines contradicts the
public nature of elections and the equipment used in 2005 had some
shortcomings. However, as there has been no evidence of errors in the
past, the results of the previous elections remain valid.
The use of e-voting was challenged by political scientist Joachim Wiesner
and his son, physicist Ulrich Wiesner who complained that the system was not
transparent because the voter could not check what actually happened to his
vote, being actually asked to blindly trust the technology. The voting
machines which are manufactured by the Dutch firm Nedap, do not print out
receipts. In the plaintiffs' opinion, the results could be manipulated.
A petition signed by over 45 000 people in 2005, trying to ban e-voting, had
been rejected by the German Government. Now, the court ruled that the
Federal Voting Machines Ordinance having introduced e-voting was
unconstitutional because it did not "ensure that only such voting machines
are permitted and used which meet the constitutional requirements of the
principle of the public nature of elections."
Also the court considered that, differently from the traditional voting
system where manipulations and frauds are much more difficult involving a
high degree of effort and a high risk of detection, "programming errors in
the software or deliberate electoral fraud committed by manipulating the
software of electronic voting machines can be recognised only with
difficulty." Also, in the court's opinion, the electors should be able to
verify how their vote is recorded without having to possess detailed
computer knowledge. "If the election result is determined through
computer-controlled processing of the votes stored in an electronic memory,
it is not sufficient if merely the result of the calculation process carried
out in the voting machine can be taken note of by means of a summarising
printout or an electronic display."
A campaign against electronic voting has been initiated by EDRi member Chaos
Computer Club together with the Dutch foundation Wij vertrouwen
stemcomputers niet (We don't trust voting computers) because of the risk of
electronic errors and the potential for abuse.
After a group of hackers had succeeded in tampering with similar machines in
the Netherlands in 2006, the Dutch Government imposed a moratorium on the
use of electronic voting machines and Ireland also has banned electronic
German Court Rules E-Voting Unconstitutional (3.03.2009)
Federal Constitutional Court - Press release on Use of voting computers in
2005 Bundestag election unconstitutional (3.03.2009)
Voting machines unconstitutional in Germany (3.03.2009)
EDRi-gram: Electronic voting machines eliminated in the Netherlands
4. EP wants a better balance between Internet security and privacy rights
On 5 March 2009, during a hearing of the Civil Liberties and Home Affairs
(LIBE) Committee focused on the strengths and weaknesses of the current
framework on security and privacy on the Internet, Members of the European
Parliament (EP) and experts agreed on the necessity to create a better
balance between Internet security and the protection of online personal
The participants, including the European Data Protection Supervisor,
academics, representatives of the Commission and of the Czech Presidency,
supported a report drafted by Stavros Lambridinis proposing recommendations
aimed at providing "adequate protection of fundamental freedoms while
delivering also an enhanced security."
The report calls on the Member States and the European Commission to draft
proposals defining global standards for data protection, security and
freedom of expression. The rapporteur believes the access to the internet
should be treated just like the access to education and should never be
blocked by governments or private companies. He also considers that the
user's consent to share data should be clearly defined to create a fairer
balance of powers between users and governments and private companies.
EDPS Peter Hustinx said that as the Internet has become an integral part of
our everyday life, "we must apply the same values as we do in our society
(...), fundamental rights must apply and that's that. (...) In the old world
it was fairly simple.  On the internet there is a system of layers,
responsibility is more complex and therefore tends to vanish.  This must be
Hustinx emphasized the fact that the present European regulatory framework
applying to the Internet is a holistic one and that a horizontal approach
was needed. In his opinion, the Data Protection Directive applying to the
Internet does not give a very clear definition of personal data on the
Internet and that the current responsibility and control mechanisms should
be also clarified and improved. He believes a key issue is that of the
user's consent for data sharing. Presently, there is a large range of types
of online consents which leads to a complex regulatory environment. It is
also difficult now to reach transparency of the data processing. The EDPS
added that he did not want to see "an environment of permanent surveillance"
(making reference to three-strikes schemes), that international cooperation
and self-regulation should be promoted and children awareness-raising should
be increased.
During the hearing, Gus Hosein of Privacy International expressed his
concern related to the fact that the EU seems to have followed Bush
administration as regards data retention. "Is that what you want to export
to the rest of the world?  The EU should be a ray of light for human rights
but at the moment it's the opposite (...) we must change course and the
Lambrinidis report is the opportunity to turn things round," he said.
Jim Killock, executive director of the Open Rights Group, warned about
potential dangers of an uncontrolled use of personal data by
the governments and public institutions and asked the EU for a close
monitoring and the issue. In his opinion, transparency and user consent must
be clear rules and strict regulation should apply to protect personal data.
He believes it is important "to ensure that a charter of rights comes into
being very soon".
Professor Steve Peers from University of Essex, the author of "Strengthening
security and fundamental freedoms on the Internet - An EU Policy on the
fight against cybercrime" study commissioned by the EP, also made some
recommendations. He believes in the necessity of adopting a non-binding
Internet Bill of Rights, drawn up by the EP and supported by industry
players, NGOs, Member States, EU institutions and national public
authorities. He also recommended that the EU criminal law should be brought
in line with the provisions of the different Council of Europe Conventions
regarding offences related to data interception, breach of confidentiality
and data security, spam or child pornography.
As final remarks of the hearing, the Presidency representative, Mr Ondrej
Veselsk}, Head of International Law Department at the Ministry of Interior
of the Czech Republic, stated that a balance between privacy and security
should be achieved, that the rules of the "real world" should apply to the
Internet as well, that access to the Internet should be open and that a
larger cooperation is necessary in the fight against cybercrime. He stated
that one of the priorities of the Czech Presidency was the protection of
minors and the presidency intended to improve the cooperation between the
different police of the Member States.
Stavros Lambridinis's report will be put to the vote at the Strasbourg full
plenary session of the European Parliament on 23 March 2009.
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs - Streanghening
Fundamental Freedoms and Security on the Internet (5.03.2009)
EP Press Release - Protecting citizens' rights on the internet (6.03.2009)
Europeans push for more online rights to privacy (6.03.2009)
5. At Large Structures in ICANN get together for the first time
For the first time in ICANN history, at the 34th International ICANN meeting
in Mexico City the representatives of 88 At-Large Structures (ALS) from five
Regional At-Large Organizations representing ICANN's global At-Large
community came together to discuss the main ICANN policies and ALS's role in
ICANN institutions.
The first-ever gathering of the representatives of individual Internet users
(At Large Summit - ATLAS) participating in ICANN was an opportunity to
make direct recommendations in relation with ICANN policy, by developing a
public statement on 5 key-areas where five working groups with ALS members
have identified the major issues as brought up by the Internet user
representatives. Four EDRi-members (Netzwerk Neue Medien - Germany, FITUG-
Germany, ISOC Bulgaria and APTI Romania) part of the European At Large
Organization (EURALO) participated in the working groups.
The first working group focused on engagement in ICANN recommending the
consultation of regional ALSes for the most effective ways to reach
communities and end users and to use the multilingualism best practices of
other international organizations, such as the UN.
The second working group discussed the future structure and governance of
ICANN, as capture, internationalization and the continued funding of ICANN
are among the more important governance issues now facing the institution.
The group suggested a number of actions to provide safeguards against
capture. They have also underlined that "given the economic and social
importance globally of a safe and stable Internet, the process of
internationalization of ICANN must safeguard the global/worldwide role of
ICANN regarding domain names and numbers identifiers and promote larger
participation from all stakeholders globally."
The new gTLDS (generic Top Level Domains) and IDNs (internationalized domain
name) was the main focus of the third working group, highlighting that the
current fee schedule for the new gTLDs is a clear barrier to the entry of
potential applicants, especially those who have no interest in monetizing
the TLD and those initiated in the developing and least developed countries.
The group also suggested opening a third round of gTLD applications, with a
fixed deadline, that will be subject to the string contention dispute
mechanisms described in the current guide. The ALSes expressed their concern
that the proposed "Legal Rights" objection protocol exceeded the existing
territorial and class-of-goods limitations contained in the current
international trademark treaties. They suggested that ICANN should not
engage in any trademark protection regime which extends beyond existing
international treaties; doing so in effect turns ICANN into an unauthorized
treaty organization.
Working group four debated the hot topics of transparency and accountability
and issued reconsiderations regarding the development of a budget for each
ICANN entity (including At-Large) according to their mandates including
staff costs. The budgets should be made public with the annotation of
substantive ICANN documents under consultation to indicate the origin of
support or dissent for specific proposals.
The members of ALSes also envisaged "that in order to give ICANN a clearer
image of a multi-stakeholder organisation, including Civil Society, the
composition of the Board should be re-balanced to afford a greater
visibility and representation of the Civil Society as represented by the At
Large Community. ALAC proposes that the ICANN Board should include two
voting Directors nominated by the At Large Community."
New DNS security issues that fall within the ICANN's Mandate formed the core
of the debates in the fifth working group and urged ICANN to support the
industry efforts to accommodate DNSSEC and its provision in a more secure
environment and to proceed in the process of having the root signed in a way
that provides integrity and is globally accepted.
The ALSes also initiated a series of thematic sessions on the topics
interesting for its members, but also other ICANN constituencies. The
session on the Internet rights and principles noted that "ICANN still
lacks a coherent and systemic approach to evaluate the impact that its
policy decisions have on rights in general, be them human rights, consumer
rights or other founding principles, as internationally recognized and/or
defined in the major national legislations."
A hot topic was privacy and the Whois database, where the Internet users
representatives highlighted the ICANN's inability to progress and to make
policies compatible with the various national laws. It was suggested
that ICANN should cease aiming at a single global policy and accommodate
national differences instead, depending on the country of the registrar and
registrant, explaining the differences in privacy regulation between Europe
and US.
The sessions discussed the issue of respecting freedom of expression when
selecting new gTLDs. The ongoing policy provision that allows ICANN to
reject applications based on morality-based objections was criticized.
The participants supported the idea of a standardized statement of
registrant rights (Registrants Rights Charter) to be compulsorily shown by
registrars (and resellers as well) when a registrant buys a domain name.
Participants agreed to work further on a proposal for its substance as well
as means to include the charter into ICANN's policy body as a follow-up to
the meeting. The process is open and anyone can join.
Another Thematic Session highlighted the failure of ccTLDs as regards the
identity control of registrants and registrars. A second aspect was the
abuse of the weakness of registrars in the GTLD space giving the spammers
and other criminals, free way to do what they want.
At the end of this ICANN meeting, the announcement of Dr Paul
Twomey, the President and Chief Executive Officer of ICANN that he would not
seek renewal of his contract at the end of 2009, was acknowledged by
the ALSes as a starting point for further activities and challenges.
At Large Summit (Atlas) Declaration Mexico (4.03.2009)
At-Large Summit Successfully Concluded (5.03.2009)
Registrants Rights Charter - draft
ICANN's President and CEO Announces Departure (2.03.2009)
Briefing Note - Overall Summary of the Mexico City Meeting (5.03.2009)
6. Swedish Pirate Bay trial waiting now for the decision
The Pirate Bay trial in Sweden continued until 3 March 2009 with the
hearings of the prosecution and defence witnesses. The earlier events of the
trial were covered in the previous EDRi-gram.
While a day before, the representatives of the music industry tried to
convince the jury that The Pirate Bay was responsible for half of the losses
the industry had suffered during the last years because of illegal
downloadings, the defence witnesses tried to show BitTorrent was not a bad
thing and file-sharing was actually beneficial.
One of the witnesses, Kristoffer Schollin from Gothenburg University, an IT
lecturer with interest in file sharing, made a special witness report for
the court and explained that torrent files were a more sophisticated type of
Internet link (such as an http hyperlink) and that The Pirate Bay was an
"open database" of torrent files, a type of Bulletin Board. He also stated
that there were other large companies using the same technology and besides.
He also admitted that while searching for torrents via Google, more results
could be found than with The Pirate Bay.
Regarding the issue of whose actual tracker is used when a torrent file is
activated, Schollin said that a torrent being available on The Pirate Bay,
doesn't automatically mean that the file uses The Pirate Bay's tracker. He
explained also how to make a torrent file which links to content. In the
creation stage, an Internet connection is not even necessary everything
being done on a user's PC with a torrent client, not on The Pirate Bay. The
torrent file thus created can be uploaded on the Internet and it is further
on indexed by Google, which then allows anyone to access the torrent via a
Google search.
One of the points he emphasized was that actually he believed the popularity
of The Pirate Bay was mostly due to the many discussions and mediatization
Contradicting the music industry representatives who declare that sales of
CDs have decreased due to illegal downloading, Roger Wallis, a media
professor, composer and Chairman of the Swedish Composers of Popular Music,
confirmed that downloading caused an increase in sales of live event tickets
and that there were also other reasons for the CD sales decrease, such as
the growth of computer games.
During the same day, a film was played to show how a torrent is created. and
how torrent files can be shared through MSN, Skype, through blogs like
The last two days of the trial were dedicated to the closing arguments of
the prosecution and of the defence. Prosecutor Hekan Roswall said The Pirate
Bay should not be treated as a service provider to get a "common carrier"
status, and that the Supreme Court had already previously ruled that someone
running a BBS could be found guilty of assisting copyright infringement and
The Pirate Bay should be viewed as such. He said he was not asking the court
to rule on the legality of BitTorrent itself, but on what the defendants did
with the technology. Roswall called for the confiscation of The Pirate Bay
hardware and demanded for one year jail for all four defendants.
Peter Danowsky of the IFPI claimed that The Pirate Bay was a commercial
operation and that the defendants had contributed to copyright infringement.
Therefore the record labels had to be compensated for the losses caused by
the operation of The Pirate Bay.
Henrik Pontin from Antipiratbyren argued that the defendants clearly knew
that what they were doing was illegal, and The Pirate Bay clearly operated
as a business, making money from advertising revenue. He asked for damages
for the entertainment industry and for jail for the defendants so as to give
an example to others who wics to infringe copyright.
Monique Wadsted, representing the movie companies, also called for a "very
significant" prison sentence because the defendants were aware of their
criminal acts and made money from it. "They have made more than 10 million
Swedish crowns in revenue during one year. And they continue to run the
operation in spite of being convicted in other countries. Furthermore, they
spit on the rights holders and tell them to go to hell," she said.
During the last day of the trial, the four defence lawyers made their
closing statements arguing that the Pirate Bay site acted just as a search
engine. They considered the prosecution had failed in revealing any
uploaders or downloaders from The Pirate Bay, and in establishing that most
of the links on the Pirate Bay were to copyright material. Linking to
copyright material wasn't specific to The Pirate Bay, it was an Internet
problem. Carl Lundstrvm's lawyer, Per E Samuelson, argued that attacking The
Pirate Bay was like going against car manufacturers for the problems
experienced on the roads.
Regarding the financial issues of the matter, in the defence opinion, the
prosecution had exaggerated regarding the amount of money the site made.
Gottfrid Svartholm's lawyer Ola Salomonsson said there were only four
adverts on The Pirate Bay, not 64 as the prosecution had claimed. The
revenues therefore were less than the costs. The defence approach in the
court was that of "I am not Responsible".
The verdict is due on 17 April 2009.
The Pirate Bay Trial Day 9: BitTorrent Is Not Evil (26.02.2009)
A good day for the roses: Pirate Bay trial, day 9 (26.02.2009)
The Pirate Bay Trial Day 10: Calls for Jail Time (02.03.2009)
Pirate Bay Day 11: trial ends, verdict awaited (3.03.2009)
EDRI-gram: The trial of The Pirate Bay in Sweden (25.02.2009)
7. Biometric passports law - upheld by the Romanian authorities
The Emergency Government Ordinance introducing biometric passports in
Romania remains applicable as the Legal Commission of the Senate advised it
favourably on 3 March 2009 and the Romanian Appeal Court rejected on 18
February the appeal made by several NGOs for its suspension.
The ordinance had been resent on the 28 February to the legal commission by
the Romanian Senate after heavy debates and concerns. Besides the very hot
debate around the "malefic figure 666" allegedly occurring in the chip of
the passports, the discussions in the Senate addressed also concerns related
to the lack of a proper security system for the data stored for biometric
"If a hacker with a laptop passes by you and captures the frequency of your
passport chip, he can change you, in a few hours, from a criminal record
free person into a drug or weapon dealer for example" stated Georgian Pop,
deputy in the defence commission.
The ordinance has been heavily contested, the opponents arguing that it
breaches the rights provided by the Constitution of Romania, the right to
private life and the right to religion. It was also argued that the
Government had not announced this act publicly, with the intention to meet
EU requirements without taking into consideration the public opinion.
A big debate turned around the religious aspect of the matter. A lawyer at
the case opened by the NGOs stated that "the introduction of chips into
passports affects the right to religion because it changes the name given by
God into a figure" and the procedure affects human freedom by surveillance
and control measures.
Recently, the Saint Synod, the Romanian Orthodox Church highest board has
agreed with the introduction of the biometric passports, but required the
implementation of an alternative for those who do not wish to have biometric
passports with chips.
"As some people are reluctant towards the biometric passports, an
intervention will be made to the institutions of the Romanian State
(Presidency, Parliament, Government) with the request to adopt the necessary
measures to modify and complete the legislation in force by extending the
provisions regarding the emergency cases (temporary passport) and for cases
when, due to conscience or religious reasons, the person does not want an
electronic passport including biometric data" says the press release of the
Romanian Patriarchy.
The head of the General Division of passports Aurel-Vasile Sime stated that
figure 666 did not occur anywhere and that the passports would not be
biometric but electronic, including two biometric elements: face image and
fingerprints. He also added that these new passports would not be mandatory,
the Romanian citizens being able to choose temporary passports valid for one
year that do not include biometric elements.
Since the end of 2008 many protests have taken places in several cities in
the country against the introduction of electronic passports in Romania and
they continued even after the favourable advice of the Legal Commission of
the Senate and the rejection by the Bucharest Appeal Court of the NGOs
appeal. About 300 members from several protested on 7 March in front of the
Romanian Patriarchy. The participants stated that the measure meant all
Romanians are considered potential criminals and that was an attack to their
identity. They also protested against the lack of firmness from the Orthodox
Church in this matter.
Romania is one of the first country to introduce biometric passports that
include fingerprints, while even in the EU countries a strategy for the
personal data protection in this respect is still unclear.
Favourable advice for the EGO introducing electronic passports with
biometric identification elements (only in Romanian, 3.03.2009)
The senators decided to resend the ordinance on the introduction of
biometric passports to the Legal Commission (only in Romanian, 25.02.2009)
The Ordinance on biometric passports goes forward (Video) (only in Romanian,
The biometric passports advised by the defence commission of the Deputy
Chamber (only in Romanian, 10.02.2009)
Saint Synod requires an alternative to the biometric passports (only in
Romanian, 28.02.2009)
The request regarding the suspension of the effects of the ordinance on the
introduction of biometric passports rejected by the court (only in Romanian,
EDRIgram: Romania: Protests against biometric passports (11.02.2009)
8. Yahoo penalised in Belgium for not disclosing personal data
Yahoo was fined by a Belgian court on 2 March 2009 for refusing to hand over
to the Belgium authorities personal data of people involved in a cyber-crime
The Belgium authorities had required Yahoo to disclose detailed account
information for a number of e-mail addresses used by alleged cons under
pseudonyms. Yahoo refused, arguing that such a request should have followed
the proper channels and should have been addressed to US authorities and not
to them as a commercial company. They would be willing to offer the
information at the request of the US authorities.
However, the prosecution claimed that the company should hand over the
required data as the company has operation services in Belgium and therefore
they should comply with the laws of the country.
The court ruled in favour of the prosecution and fined the American company
55 000 euro plus 10 000 euro for each day it keeps refusing to hand over the
requested users' data. The judge said that the procedure for requesting data
"poses absolutely no problem with Google and Microsoft".
The official statement of the company was that it strongly disagreed with
the court's ruling and that it would file an appeal. "Yahoo! Inc., a U.S.
corporation, does not have business operations in Belgium and does not
maintain the customer information at issue in Belgium. The United States and
Belgium have a formal international treaty which the prosecutor should have
followed to properly seek information from a U.S. company. Yahoo! is not
withholding information from the Belgium government. We have a legal and
policy basis for not disclosing information in this type of case until the
recognized international legal process is followed. We have raised this
issue with the U.S. Government," was the company statement.
Yahoo seems to be more cautious after fierce criticism as it happened in
2007 after having complied with the request of the Chinese authorities and
gave up personal account information which led to the imprisonment of a
political dissident back. Since then, the company has signed up for the
Global Network Initiative (GNI), an organisation aimed at preserving free
speech on the Internet. GNI members are bound to challenge requests for
disclosure of private data from governments in case these requests are
considered to be in breach of international human rights laws.
Belgium condemns Yahoo! for its refusal to communicate personal data (only
in French, 3.03.2009)
Yahoo Fined By Belgian Court For Refusing To Give Up E-Mail Account Info
EDRIgram: Internet giants gather for freedom of speech - Global Network
Initiative (5.11.2008)
9. UK Tribunal wants the Gateway reviews on ID scheme made public
On 19 February, the UK tribunal ordered the disclosure of two internal
reviews called the Gateway reviews regarding the national identity card
scheme of the government.
The Gateway reviews are independent and expert reviews carried out at key
decision points of significant programmes or programs of those deemed risky.
The reviews are performed by independent practitioners from outside the
programme/project by using a series of interviews, documentation reviews and
their expertise to provide valuable additional perspective on the respective
programmes/projects and on the external challenge of the processes.
The ID government programme was subjected to two "Gateway zero" reviews, in
2003 and 2004. The Treasury's Office of Government Commerce (OGC) operating
the Gateway system did not wish to disclose the reports stating that it was
in the public interest to maintain them out of the public eyes and argueing
that making the reports public would make them "bland and anodyne".
The tribunal refuted OGC argument considering OGC had to prove a "real and
weighty" causal relationship between disclosure and damage and as OGC failed
to do so, secrecy would be far from being in the public interest. The
tribunal concluded that "disclosure of the requested information would
clearly add to the public's knowledge in this respect and therefore to the
public interest which sought to ensure that schemes as complex albeit as
sensitive as the ID cards scheme were properly scrutinised and implemented."
OGC claimed that the disclosures of the report might have "adverse press
reactions ... if any form of criticism were contained in the report in
question" and that the reviews should be kept away from citizens because
they might seem "uninformative or hard to understand". It also argued that
the respective information did not bring any valuable addition to the debate
on the merits of identity cards as a whole.
The tribunal considered that none of the arguments presented was OGC's
problem. "It is not for the tribunal, let alone the OGC or the (information)
commissioner, to second-guess the scope and content of the possible public
In the UK, the Freedom of Information Act 2000 which came into force in 2005
requires 100 000 public authorities to respond promptly to requests for
information and provide that information, including emails, meeting minutes,
research and reports, with a series of exceptions. These exemptions range
from sensible data (personal data, national security) to materials deemed to
be commercially sensitive. An authority can deny requests considered
vexatious or too expensive to carry out.
The tribunal decision was promulgated on 19 February, giving the OGC 28 days
to comply.
Public interest is not served by secrecy (3.03.2009)
What is an OGC Gateway Review? - OGC Gateway Review for Programmes &
Explainer: Freedom of information (24.02.2009)
10. Recommended Reading
Article 29 Working Group - Opinion 2/2009 on the protection of children's
personal data  (General Guidelines and the special case of schools)
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of
human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, Martin
Report: Leading Jurists Call for Urgent Steps to Restore Human Rights in
efforts to counter terrorism
11. Agenda
17 March 2009,  Brussels, Belgium
Conference on the European patent system organised by the Science and
Technology Options Assessment (STOA) panel of the European Parliament
18-20 March 2009, Prague, Czech Republic
The Responsibilities of Content Providers and Users
18-20 March 2009, Athens, Greece
WebSci'09: Society On-Line
23 March 2009, Berlin, Germany
German-French Experts Meeting on Technologies for
Electronic Identification
26-27 March 2009, London, UK
5th Communia Workshop: Accessing, Using, Reusing Public Sector Content and
27-29 March 2009, Manchester, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
28 March 2009, London, UK
Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2009
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property - An International Interdisciplinary
1-3 April 2009, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2009 "Shift happens"
Subconference: 2nd European Privacy Open Space
4 April 2009, Paris, France
French 2009 Big Brother Awards
21-23 April 2009, Winchester, UK
BILETA 2009 Annual Conference
23-24 April 2009, Brussels, Belgium
The future of intellectual property - Creativity and innovation in the
digital era
11 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
GigaNet is organizing the 2nd international academic workshop on Global
Internet Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction.
Deadline for abstracts submissions is 20 March 2009.
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
19-20 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
European Commission organizes a personal data protection conference to look
at new challenges for privacy
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
Call for papers deadline: 13 March 2009
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-03-25 22:01:57
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.6, 25 March 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.6, 25 March 2009
1. Telecom Package in second reading - dangerous amendments
2. Extension of copyright term postponed in the European Parliament
3. German Police searches the homes of the wikileaks.de domain owner
4. Data sharing legislation pulled by the UK government
5. France: Three strikes law debated by the General Assembly
6. European Parliament wants more transparency on ACTA
7. Germany: Data retention is disproportionate
8. Irish ISP Association rejects the copyright industry threats
9. Coalition of musicians against criminalizing downloaders
10. Recommended Reading
11. Recommended Action
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Telecom Package in second reading - dangerous amendments
Several alarming amendments to the Telecom Package second reading in the
European Parliament are to be voted on 31 March 2009 by ITRE/IMCO committee.
The amendments are meant to give additional control to the entertainment
industry, telecoms and IT security companies over the Internet.
An agreement on several delicate issues of the telecom package is sought in
a trialogue between the European Parliament, the European Council and
the European Commission to agree on a resolution regarding politically
sensitive and technically difficult aspects of the Telecoms Package.
Although the European Parliament is supposed to represent the interests and
rights of the users, it seems it is trying to make compromises in agreeing
upon the limitations of the users' rights pushed by the UK and France in the
One of the most controversial issues is that of the three-strikes strongly
and continuously pushed by France in the EU Council .
Although most of the dispositions introducing the graduate response system
were rejected in first reading of the Telecom Package, there are still some
alarming ones persisting. France is trying hard to get rid of Amendment 138
which seeks to protect users' rights against the three-strikes sanctions and
which, until now, has stopped the EU from applying the three-strikes policy.
Also, some new amendments reintroduce the notion of lawful content, which
will impose the obligation on ISPs to monitor content going through their
The UK government is pushing for the "wikipedia amendments" (so-called
because one of them has been created by cutting and pasting a text out of
the wikipedia) in order to allow ISPs to make limited content offers. The UK
amendments eliminate the text that gives users rights to access and
distribute content, services and applications, replacing it with a text that
says  "there should be transparency of conditions under which services are
provided, including information on the conditions to and/or use of
applications and services, and of any traffic management policies ."
"In a context where markets like mobile telecommunication or entertainment
industries, merging with
telecommunication operators, are controlled by oligopolies, relying on the
only information of the consumer leaves the consumer without any choice.
Competition law would be the only remedy, and they proved to be totally
inefficient against Microsoft or mobile operators cartels. Therefore, it is
essential to define a positive guarantee of access to services without
discrimination," stated Jirimie Zimmermann, co-founder of La Quadrature du
Also a very dangerous amendment to the ePrivacy directive is introduced
by the UK, allowing the telecommunications industry to collect a potentially
unlimited amount of users' sensitive and confidential communications data
including telephone and e-mail contacts, geographic position of mobile
phones and websites visited on the Internet.
As a result of the amendments pushed by the AT&T industry, network
discrimination practices could be included by the use of Traffic Management
Systems, leading to a discriminative way in which users can access content,
services and applications, therefore giving complete control of the network
to the operators who will be able to decide who and what can access. The
pretext for this movement is the necessity of preventing a collapse of the
network due to congestion and of a diversified range of offers by the
operators. "Such practices would discourage investment in network capacity
as well as competition and innovation, and could pose serious threats to
freedom of speech" states La Quadrature du Net which has published an
analysis of the tabled amendments and recommendations for the votes to be
taken by ITRE/IMCO committee.
La Quadrature du Net believes the time left before the vote in the ITRE/IMCO
committee must be used to urge MEPs from IMCO and ITRE to protect the
citizens' freedoms by voting against all amendments allowing net
discrimination, three strikes schemes and privacy breaches. "The second
reading on the Telecoms Package means a second round of intense lobbying,
where corporate interests try to go back on citizen's basic freedom in order
to gain more control over the network. However, the European Parliament has
a unique chance of showing citizens its commitment into protecting freedom
and equity, since it is only 3 months until the European elections, in June"
states the group.
BEUC, the European Consumers' Organisation, also issued a press release on
18 March appealing for the net neutrality of the Internet. "Over the coming
days, the European Parliament, Commission and the Council are holding
informal trialogue discussions on the third telecom package. We urge them to
keep the principle of "net neutrality" in the final text, ensuring that
consumers will still have access to an open Internet. Consumers should be
able to choose their own content, application and services online - this
right needs to be enforced by national telecom regulators".
The next key dates after the vote by ITRE/IMCO committee are 15 April 2009,
the deadline for plenary amendments, and 22
April 2009- the date estimated for the EP plenary vote.
Lion of France on the attack against Amendment 138 (22.03.2009)
Telecoms Package 2nd Reading ITRE IMCO Amendments
UK government pushes for discriminated Internet (7.03.2009)
EU citizens: Save Internet from being turned into a TV! (22.03.2009)
UK Proposed Amendments
How the EU is bargaining away the Internet (23.03.2009)
Unblock the Internet for consumers: BEUC's fight for net neutrality
EDRI-gram: Open letter to the European Parliament - Telecom Package
2. Extension of copyright term postponed in the European Parliament
As a result of the very large controversy and lack of consensus among MEPs,
in a meeting of the presidents of the political groups in the European
Parliament on 17 March 2009, the vote on the extension of the copyright
term, which was due for 23 March 2009, was postponed for the end of April
The proposed directive, introduced by Commissioner McCreevy, was to extend
copyright from 50 to 90 years and was allegedly meant to support performers
during their old age. As the many opponents to the proposal have emphasized
and as several studies have shown, the extension would mostly benefit the
major multinational companies and would negatively affect the economy and
culture of Europe.
Professor Martin Kretschmer, Director of the Centre for Intellectual
Property Policy & Management Bournmemouth considered the measure would be
beneficial to the four multinational record companies Universal, Sony BMG,
Warner Music and EMI owning almost all the key records to be covered by the
extension, a few major artists and the collecting societies.
According to the calculation of the European Commission's own figures, most
of the performers would only receive about 52 euro/year while according to
the EDRi-member Open Rights Group's estimation, 80% of the performers would
receive only 0.5 to 27 euro/year. Even if we take into consideration the
Commission's figure, the amount is far from helping aging performers.
The Association for Fair Audiovisual Copyright in Europe ("A Face"), a group
including individuals and associations of the European audiovisual
community, has joined other voices against the directive and initiated a
petition against it. "We regard the proposed Directive, and any other one
based on similar principles and affecting the audiovisual world, as
detrimental to the development and dissemination of European culture and
economy, which are among the basic missions of the European Parliament. For
this reason, we intend to actively oppose their approval and call everybody
to support this cause" is the statement of the group. Face's goal is to make
sure copyright does not deviate from its initial purpose of "protecting the
interest of right holders only to the extent a general progress of culture
is assured."
At the end of March, a discussion between the European Commission, European
Council and the European Parliament will decide whether the directive will
be allowed to be furthers discussed in the European Parliament.
MEPs back off from copyright term extension vote! (19.03.2009)
Copyright extension debate: We must not inhibit digital creators
Association for Fair Audiovisual Copyright in Europe Petition of the
european audiovisual community against the proposed directive for a
copyright term Extension for sound recordings
EDRI- gram: Reject the Term Extension Directive (21.01.2009)
3. German Police searches the homes of the wikileaks.de domain owner
The German Police searched the homes of Theodor Reppe, the owner of the
domain name wikileaks.de, alleging he was under investigation for
"distribution of pornographic material" and "discovery of evidence"
The seven police officers in Dresden and four in Jena having performed the
searches in the evening of 24 March 2009 claimed the raid was initiated due
to Mr. Reppe's position as the Wikileaks.de domain owner.
However, it is not clear what exact documents were targeted, because the
German Police did not want to give any further information to Mr. Reppe and
no contact was made with Wikileaks before or after the search. But the
search is considered to be related with the publication of Wikileaks of the
censorship lists for Australia, Thailand, Denmark and other countries. The
lists include to sites alleged to contain pornography, including child
pornography. However, Wikileaks has not published any images from the sites.
Wikileaks also speculated on the search: "The raid appears to be related to
a recent German social hysteria around child pornography and the political
battle for a national censorship system under the German family Minister
Ursula von der Leyen. It comes just a few weeks after a member of
parliament, SPD Joerg Tauss had his office and private house searched by
police. German bloggers discussing the subject were similarly raided. "
According to information from Reppe, the Police asked for the passwords to
the wikileaks.de domain and asked. for the entire domain to be disabled. But
Wikileaks.de and other Wikileaks domains were unaffected by the raid.
Reppe is just a volunteer who sponsors the domain for Wikileaks, but is not
involved in the day-to-day-operation of wikileaks and just mirrors a
collection of Wikileaks US Congressional Research Service reports.He also
maintains one of the most popular Tor servers in Germany.
Police raid home of Wikileaks.de domain owner over censorship lists
Police raid Wikileaks.de domain owner Theodor Reppe's home over 'censorship
lists' (25.03.2009)
House searches for owners of the domain wikileaks.de (only in German
Danish police mobilized Blocked list (only in German, 2.03.2009)
Australia secretly censors Wikileaks press release and Danish Internet
censorship list (16.03.2009)
4. Data sharing legislation pulled by the UK government
The campaign of Privacy International and of other civil liberties groups
against data sharing legislation in UK resulted in the UK Government
decision to abandon Clause 152 of the Coroners and Justice Bill.
The respective clause was giving a "designated authority" the power to sign
an order allowing the sharing of information between any two agencies in the
public and private sector.
The proposed legislation raised concerns related to the possible misuse of
personal data and created a large opposition movement. In a campaign led by
Privacy International and other NGOs, an open letter addressed to Justice
Secretary Jack Straw, signed by thirty organisations on 28 February 2009
condemned the proposal as a dangerous threat to privacy, and called for the
withdrawal of clause 152 from the Coroners & Justice Bill. "In view of the
extraordinary powers conferred by clause 152, the information sharing
provisions in the Bill may constitute the gravest threat to data protection
in the history of the Data Protection Act, and are among the most
wide-ranging and potentially intrusive proposals ever laid before
Parliament," stated the letter.
On 9 March 2009, a spokesman for Straw announced the "rethinking" of the
legislative initiative as a result of the "strength of feeling" against it.
The spokesmen stated Justice Secretary recognized that the clause had been
drafted in too wide a manner and the reason for the "rethink and a
re-consultation" was to "try to strike a balance between the positive
elements of data-sharing and ensuring that sensitive data is protected".
Although the proposal was entirely stricken out from the Coroners and
Justice Bill, a new attempt will be made to introducing an adjusted version
in an undetermined future.
"This is an extraordinary U-turn but we cannot be led into a false sense of
security. We congratulate the Government on its decision, but it was
inevitable given how badly the clause have been drafted and how morally
corrupt its outcome would have been. Nobody should be under the illusion
that the Government has changed its colours with regard to its zeal for
surveillance. This could be merely a blip, so we all have to remain vigilant
for the next assault of privacy" said Simon Davies, director of Privacy
Privacy campaigner Phil Booth, director of No2ID was also pleased by the
decision. "People realized that their information could be taken and used
and abused for other purposes" he said, adding: "The public backlash against
Clause 152 has been phenomenal. NO2ID has been working closely with Privacy
International and others to focus grassroots and organisational opposition,
but the reality is that people just won't put up with the hypocrisy of
politicians who want to keep their own details secret, or who support
shadowy police databases on protestors, yet who clearly still think that the
state can do just as it wants with our personal information. It can't - the
people have spoken. Let's hope the scrapping of Clause 152 is the first nail
in the coffin of the database state."
However, just as Davies, he expressed some reservations, thinking the
government might disregard Straw's position.
Straw will launch a public consultation in view of implementing more limited
proposals to allow government bodies to share information in cases when
there is clear benefit.
"We will talk to interested groups to get the balance right so that we have
the right policy issues reflected in any future legislation and at the same
time avoid worrying people unnecessarily that their data is being abused"
stated Straw's spokesmen.
UK Government backs down on data sharing legislation after PI campaign
Government abandons data-sharing scheme (7.03.2009)
Straw bows to pressure over data sharing (8.03.2009)
UK govt to rethink data-sharing plans (10.03.2009)
Civil society joins key professional bodies to demand removal of data
sharing powers (28.02.2009)
EDRIgram:UK Government proposes increased data sharing (11.02.2009)
5. France: Three strikes law debated by the General Assembly
The debates on the French three strikes law (so called Hadopi law) started
on 11 March 2009 in the General Assembly only to be suspended at the end of
the second day, to be continued on 31 March.
While the law was adopted by the Senate in less than a day, it appears the
deputies will need a much longer time for the debates. Several deputies have
shown their opposition to the project considering it as a mechanism to
suppress rights and liberties, a "legal monster" as deputy Patrick Bloche
expressed himself.
However, several amendments to the law were rejected during these two days.
Besides the debates related to the financial costs incurred by the creation
of Hadopi authority, many discussions referred to the respect of the right
to defence raised by the graduated response. At the request of
the Minister of Culture and some rapporteurs, the deputies rejected the
amendment stipulating that "the right to an equitable procedure must be
observed in all cases by the High Authority" and that "attached to this
fundamental principles are the audi alteram partem right, the right of
defence, the presumption of innocence and imputability rights".
The deputies also rejected the modified version of the global licence
despite the arguments brought by the opponents of the graduate response.
Didier Mathus brought the argument of the revenue showing that with a 2
euro/month contribution from the Internet users, 400 millions euro would go
to the music industry while the three strikes system would bring nothing.
Jean Dionis du Sijour's proposal of an extended collective licence
for the commercial platforms wishing to have access to the catalogues of the
record companies was also rejected as well as the amendment introduced by
the majority deputy Suguenot that referred to a tax on all advertising
revenue from the web, in favour of performers.
Another rejected amendment requested a report to be submitted to the
Parliament before 31 October 2009 for the implementation of a fund for music
creation. The financing of the fund should be included as a part of the tax
payed by operators of electronic communications.
So, basically, Christine Albanel succeeded in influencing the votes of the
deputies in many of the issues under the debate. She also reaffirmed her
intention to continue to defend the draft law.
However, there is still some time before the debates are resumed which could
be used to try and influence the final result.
La Quadrature du Net has launched an initiative in this sense meant to make
all deputies aware of the consequences of their position regarding the
Hadopi law. The "Memoire Politique" (Political Memory) is a wiki including
all texts and comments of the deputies that will allow the citizens to
verify the position of each deputy in various national and european legal
La Quadrature du Net team, has decided to thus improve the democratic
information and to "concretely apply the fundamental principle of the
representative democracy" by the Memoire Politique".
The Memoire Politique will collect the declarations and positions of the
deputies during the sessions on Hadopi law, also providing their assessment.
This will give the citizens the possibility to verify whether the deputies
they elected really represent their interests. This will also help in
providing the citizens with the counter-arguments that they may present to
their deputies in requiring the refusal of amendments that may affect their
Internet and Creation Law (day 2): suspended until 31 March... minimum (only
in French, 13.03.2009)
Hadopi (day 2) : the deputies rejected the global licence - version 2009
(only in French, 12.03.2009)
Hadopi (day 1): The right wing divided by the suspension of the access to
Internet (only in French, 12.03.2009)
Hadopi : National Assembly massively rejects the exception of
non-admisability (only in French, 11.03.2009)
La Quadrature du Net sets up the Mimoire Politique (only in French,
Mimoire Politique
Hadopi amendements - National Assembly
EDRI-gram: HADOPI law close of creating a dangerous precedent (25.02.2009)
6. European Parliament wants more transparency on ACTA
The European Parliament has included in the Draft Regulation regarding
public access to the European Parliament, Council and Commission documents a
reference asking for more transparency in the current negotiations on the
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA)
A recital in the text adopted by the European Parliament says:
"In accordance with Article 255(1) of the EC Treaty, the Commission should
immediately make all documents related to the ongoing international
negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) publicly
The new regulation considers that the basic principle of the new policy on
access to documents should be: "No legislative documents should be kept
secret." MEPs adopted amendments to the draft proposal but postponed the
vote on the legislative resolution, leaving the door open for further
negotiations and a first-reading agreement.
The regulation foresees also the disclosure of the documents originating
from a Member State and received by the EU institutions, after the
consultation of the Member state, but without giving it a right of veto.
Also Member States shall seek to ensure that an equivalent level of
transparency is granted in relation to national measures implementing
normative acts of the EU.
The MEPs concluded that transparency should be extended also to the
international agreements where EU is participating. Special reference was
made to the agreement with the USA on the PNR that "must not give a non-EU
country or an international organisation the right to prevent the European
Parliament from accessing confidential information."
Also, MEPs asked the Commission to make available all the documents related
to ACTA that might create a new international benchmark on intellectual
property right enforcement.
This decision came as a breath of fresh air for all international civil
rights activists that have asked several times for the publication of the
documents related to this international treaty. Especially after in US a
Freedom of Information Act request by Jamie Love, director of the non-profit
group Knowledge Ecology International, was denied by the chief FOIA officer
in the White House's Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. The subject of
the request were 7 specific documents, referenced by their exact title and
date. These documents are the proposals for ACTA text. The requested
documents "are being widely circulated to corporate lobbyists in Europe,
Japan, and the U.S. There is no reason for them to be secret from the
American public."
However, the answer of the Obama administration was that the discussion
draft of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement and related materials are
"classified in the interest of national security pursuant to Executive Order
A document published by Michael Geist in Canada reveals that also the
Canadian Government might be favourable to an early release of draft ACTA
".. the Canadian delegation plans to argue for a transparent approach. . .
This approach would result in an earlier release of the text, which would
serve to alleviate domestic concerns about the scope of the agreement and
the perceived secrecy surrounding the process. The draft text could then
serve as the basis for broad-based public consultations. "
Proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council
regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission
documents (11.03.2009)
Access to documents: The European Parliament demands more transparency
Copyright treaty is classified for 'national security' (12.03.2009)
Obama Administration Rules Texts of New IPR Agreement are State Secrets
Canada Favours Early Release of ACTA Text (14.03.2009)
EDRi-gram: EU pushes for an international Anti-Counterfeiting Trade
Agreement (7.11.2007)
EDRi-gram: BitTorrent tracker sites threatened by draft ACTA agreement
7. Germany: Data retention is disproportionate
The German Working Group on Data Retention (AK Vorrat) announced that the
Administrative Court of Wiesbaden found the blanket recording of the entire
population's traffic data on telephone, mobile phone, e-mail and Internet
usage is disproportionate.
The decision of the court is "that data retention violates the fundamental
right to privacy. It is not necessary in a democratic society. The
individual does not provoke the interference but can be intimidated by the
risks of abuse and the feeling of being under surveillance (...) The
directive (on data retention) does not respect the
principle of proportionality guaranteed in Article 8 ECHR, which is why it
is invalid."
AK Vorrat, that has also initiated the Constitutional complaint against the
German Data retention law, used this opportunity to address another digital
civil rights fear: a government project to allow Internet service providers
to record everybody's Internet surfing habits. The project was debated
on 19 March by the German Bundestag in the first reading.
Started as a project to better protect the computer networks against any
cyber-attacks, the new draft has been criticized by the Privacy
Commissioner of the Federal Government, Peter Schaar, who considered that
the draft needed to be revised and several law provisions needed to be
The draft also contains an amendment to the Telemedia Act, which allows
service providers, using data they are allowed to store and process for
legal purposes, to use the information for identifying surfing habits. The
amendemnt is justified by the necessity of the protection against malicious
software and other similar threats.
"We call on all citizens to contact their MPs now in order to protest
against the proposed retention of web surfing habits," says Werner H|lsmann,
member of the board of the forum of computer scientists for peace and social
responsibility, actively working in the Working Group on Data Retention.
"The recent criticism by Federal Minister of the Interior Wolfgang Schduble
(CDU) of the Constitutional Court's preliminary decision on data retention
proves that his surveillance mania is limitless", criticizes Patrick Breyer
of the Working Group on Data Retention. "It is not 'a matter for the
legislature' to keep eroding our constitutional guarantees protecting us
from errors and abuses by the authorities. We urgently need to establish a
Fundamental Rights Agency to have all existing powers and programs of the
security authorities systematically and scientifically reviewed as to their
effectiveness, cost, adverse effects, alternatives and compatibility with
our fundamental rights."
Despite all the different European attempts to stop data retention, the day
of 15 March 2009, imposed by the EU data retention directive, marks the
starting point for ISPs to collect and store traffic data in several
European countries.
Administrative Court: Data retention is "invalid" (16.03.2009)
Video: Bundestag debates draft law (only in German, 25.03.2009)
Protection against hackers, surveillance fears (only in German, 19.03.2009)
8. Irish ISP Association rejects the copyright industry threats
After several weeks of silence in the the Eircom deal with IRMA (Irish
Recorded Music Association), the Irish ISP Association (ISPAI) has reacted
considering the legal threats as spurious and that there is no evidence of
wrong-doing by Internet Service Providers.
The Irish ISP scandal has started with the major Irish ISP Eircom agreement
to a "three strikes" approach, following the settlement of the court case
with IRMA. In terms of this agreement, the evidence of illegal downloads
will be provided by IRMA and Eircom will take action without a court
hearing. The agreement also means that Eircom is not to oppose any
application blocking file-sharing websites from their network.
IRMA tried to extend the agreement to other ISPs by sending them letters
threatening legal action from solicitors representing four major music
recording companies.
ISPAI, where Eircom is also a member, published a statement approved by "a
majority" of its members that claims that two years ago they initiated
meetings with the music representatives to explore these aspects, but the
matter was not followed up by the industry.
"The ISPAI and its members have never condoned the use of its members'
services for theft of copyrighted works of any kind, and continue to operate
within the existing legal framework which has provisions for taking action
where appropriate," says the statement explaining that the present Irish
copyright law provides remedies and means of action for breaching copyright
through the courts and that "ISPAI members will continue to co-operate fully
within these existing legal parameters."
ISPAI also supports the privacy of its users' communications and underlines
its importance through this statement:
"Privacy of user communications is protected in European and Irish
legislation. ISPs can not be expected to ignore these merely because it does
not suit another private party. To do so would breach the privacy of our
users as well as having serious implications for the continued location of
international e-business in this country and the jobs these generate. "
ISPAI - Position statement (13.03.2009)
Irish ISPs rally against record label anti-piracy threat (17.03.2009)
Irish ISPs reject music industry's file-sharer demands (18.03.2009)
EDRi-gram: Irish ISP settled to introduce 3 strikes (11.02.2009)
EDRi-gram: IRMA tries to block websites (11.03.2009)
9. Coalition of musicians against criminalizing downloaders
On 11 March 2009, during its inaugural meeting, the Featured Artists
Coalition (FAC) including 140 of UK biggest rock and pop stars, expressed
concern about actions taken against fans involved in file-sharing.
FAC expressed the intention to fight for a fairer deal for musicians "at a
time when they can use the internet to forge direct links with their fans."
The members of the coalition want to campaign for effective laws and
regulations and for transparent and equitable business practices. They
believe that companies such as MySpace and YouTube should be required to
remunerate the artists when using their music for advertising. At the same
time, they want to dissociate themselves from the industry in its move to
criminalize individuals for illegally downloaded music.
The artists discussed on a response to the interim version of the Digital
Britain report which proposes a Rights Agency to enforce anti-piracy
measures. Although the interim report does not propose a three-strikes
system like in France, it proposes measures requiring ISPs to give up
information about customers sharing music on P2P networks to rights-holders.
This would make it easier to take actions against the most significant
"What I said at the meeting was that the record industry in Britain is still
going down the road of criminalising our audience for downloading illegal
MP3s," said musician Billy Bragg who added that "Artists should own their
own rights and they should decide when their music should be used for free,
or when they should have payment."
Ed O'Brien, member of Radiohand band, considered that during a "defining
time for the industry (...) a lot of the rights and revenue streams are
being carved up, and we need a voice... I think all the major players want
to hear what we have to say."
It's not a crime to download, say musicians (12.03.2009)
Featured Artists Opposed To Cutting Off File-Sharers (12.03.2009)
10. Recommended Action
Document Freedom Day - 25.03.2009
For the second time, in 2009, the Document Freedom Day is orgganized as a
global day for Document Liberation with the participation of
roughly 250 active teams worldwide. It is a day of grassroots effort around
the world to promote and build awareness for the relevance of Free Document
Formats in particular and Open Standards in general.
11. Recommended Reading
Database State - a comprehensive map of UK government databases
By Ross Anderson, Ian Brown, Terri Dowty, Philip Inglesant, William Heath,
Angela Sasse, Foundation for Information Policy Research (March 2009)
Database State - full report
Database State - Executive Summary
12. Agenda
26-27 March 2009, London, UK
5th Communia Workshop: Accessing, Using, Reusing Public Sector Content and
27-29 March 2009, Manchester, UK
Oekonux Conference: Free Software and Beyond The World of Peer Production
28 March 2009, London, UK
Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2009
29-31 March 2009, Edinburgh, UK
Governance Of New Technologies: The Transformation Of Medicine, Information
Technology And Intellectual Property - An International Interdisciplinary
1-3 April 2009, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2009 "Shift happens"
Subconference: 2nd European Privacy Open Space
4 April 2009, Paris, France
French 2009 Big Brother Awards
21-23 April 2009, Winchester, UK
BILETA 2009 Annual Conference
23-24 April 2009, Brussels, Belgium
The future of intellectual property - Creativity and innovation in the
digital era
23-24 April 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Second European Licensing and Legal Workshop organized by Free Software
Foundation Europe
11 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
GigaNet is organizing the 2nd international academic workshop on Global
Internet Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction.
Deadline for abstracts submissions is 20 March 2009.
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
19-20 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
European Commission organizes a personal data protection conference to look
at new challenges for privacy
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
Paper submission by 31 March 2009
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
October 2009,  Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-05-06 22:14:22
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.9, 6 May 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.9, 6 May 2009
1. European Parliament votes against the 3 strikes. Again
2. The Pirate Bay asks for retrial claiming conflict of interest
3. EP passes performers' copyright term extension directive in first reading
4. Three strikes law in France - Second attempt
5. UK: Google's Street View does not breach the Data Protection Act
6. Reclaim your DNA from the UK database
7. WIPO Committee on Development and Intellectual Property: Third meeting
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. European Parliament votes against the 3 strikes. Again
Today, 6 May 2009, in the second reading of the Telecom Package, the
European Parliament (EP) voted again for the initial amendment 138, with an
overwhelming majority of 407 votes for and just 57 against the proposal.
However, on this same occasion, the EP rejected the amendments that
would make "network neutrality" principles mandatory.
Although initially MEP Catherine Trautmann's report included the original
amendment 138/46 as adopted in the first reading by the European Parliament,
after the opaque negotiations with the EU Council from the past 2 weeks
this amendment had been changed in a weaker version. The initial text
"without a prior ruling of the judicial authorities, notably in accordance
with Article 11 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights" was replaced by "and
the right to a judgement by an independent and impartial tribunal
established by law and acting in respect of due process in accordance with
Article 6 of the ECHR."
Although the new French authority (called Hadopi) that could be established
by the three strikes French draft law can't be considered a "tribunal
established by art 6 of ECHR", the text left room to more fuzzy
interpretations by removing the wording "prior ruling". Thus the compromise
text could be interpreted that such an authority could take a decision of
cutting one's access to Internet, but one would be allowed to go to court to
challenge this decision.
But the EP decided that the initial amendment 138 needed to be supported
once again. The battle was not easy, though. MEP Rebecca Harms insisted in
the plenary for the change in the voting list and for having the original
amendment 138 first . Her position was supported by MEP Alexander Alvaro and
disagreed by the Rapporteur MEP Catherine Trautmann. The Chairwomen Diana
Wallis agreed to go on first with the vote on the Amendment 138. 407 votes
from MEPs supported the amendment, thus saying NO to 3 strikes in Europe.
Also the report of Malcolm Harbour (PPE/ED - UK) changed the initial
amendment 166 adopted in the first reading by the EP that established a
clear principle of the Internet neutrality. Now the main protection left is
customer information through contracts, but consumer and competition law
cannot regulate fundamental rights.
The new compromise with the Council that includes the text "limitations on
access to and/or use of services and applications" is far from the initial
amendment 166 that was clear: "Member States shall ensure that any
restrictions on the rights of users to access content, services and
applications, if such restrictions are necessary, are implemented by
appropriate measures, in accordance with the principles of proportionality,
effectiveness and dissuasiveness"
In fact, Mr. Harbour, in an interview published one day before the final
vote on the European Parliament website, described as "pure fantasy"  the
statement that new rules would allow conditional access. "There is
absolutely nothing in this proposal that says anything about that," he
But Mr Harbour was contradicting himself just a couple of weeks earlier when
he declared publicly that there were service limitations in his own report:
"On the question of network neutrality, so called, which I think has been
vastly over-inflated in all of this debate, the Commission has quite rightly
identified the fact that there is a potential  - a potential - for operators
to use differing quality of service provision in a discriminatory way, for
example,  by giving a higher capacity or better service quality to their own
services as opposed to those of competitors. The commission made a proposal,
the council amended that and we agreed.
But the fact remains that any other service limitations which are
anti-competitive, and they could certainly include restrictions on access to
competitive services like voice over IP, have and can be dealt with by the
regulators under the existing framework of competition and access
regulation. And that is clear. But what is fundamental is that customer
needs to  know if there are service limitations and customers may wish to
buy a package with service limitations if it is cheaper...There is nothing
illegal about service limitations, provided they are not
The initial amendments voted in the first reading by the EP, were back on
the European Parliament agenda under the name of Citizens Rights Amendments
proposed by Eva-Britt Svensson on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group together with
other support from other MEPs.
But besides the amendment that re-instated article 138, all the other
citizen rights amendments were rejected by the plenary of the EP. Thus, the
Harbour report was adopted and the Trautmann report was rejected.
The discussions with the Council will continue and should lead to a third
reading at least for the Trautmann Report. But at the same time, there are
little chances for something to be changed in relation with the articles on
"network neutrality", that would become part of the directive.
"Internet has to be free, but not regulation free" - Harbour on telecoms
package (5.05.2009)
Ask MEPs to adopt Citizens' Rights Amendments on 6 May (5.05.2009)
Citizens rights amendements
EDRi-gram: European Parliament ITRE committee votes against the 3 strikes
Telecoms Package: When rapporteurs betray EU citizens. (30.04.2009)
Agreement on a new version of amendment 46/138 in Brussels. The European
parliament accepted a weaker text. (29.04.2009)
Telecoms Package - a licence to chill (4.05.2009)
Amendment 138/46 adopted again. Internet is a fundamental right in Europe
European Parliament rejects Telecoms Package (6.05.2009)
2. The Pirate Bay asks for retrial claiming conflict of interest
According to Sweden's national radio station, Thomas Norstrvm, the judge in
The Pirate Bay trial was a member of pro-copyright groups just like several
of the main figures in The Pirate Bay case representing the entertaiment
industry or prosecution side.
Apparently, Norstrvm is a member of the Swedish Copyright Association
(Svenska fvreningen fvr upphovsrdtt), together with Henrik Pontin, Peter
Danowsky and Monique Wadsted, three representatives of the entertainment
industry in the case against The Pirate Bay. The judge also belongs to the
board of the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property
(Svenska fvreningen fvr industriellt rdttsskydd), which is lobbying for
tougher copyright laws. Peter Althin, Peter Sunde's lawyer, stated on 23
April that he intended to ask for a retrial. "I will point that out in my
appeal, then the court of appeal will decide if the district court decision
should be set aside and the case revisited."
Judge Norstrvm denied the fact that his involvement with the two
pro-copyright organisations constituted a "conflict of interest" in The
Pirate Bay trial as the verdict against the site was decided by both the
judge and jury.
Former Chief Prosecutor Sven-Erik Alhem considers that the situation will be
harmful for the image of the Swedish courts internationally as well as at
the domestic level casting doubt over the judicial neutrality and safety of
the Swedish judicial system.
Rickard Falkvinge, Pirate Party chairman, has called for the annulment of
the verdict considering it is a case of "corruption and miscarriage of
justice" adding that "the copyright lobby has really managed to bring
corruption to Sweden."
On 18 April, the Pirate Party organized demonstrations against the decision
of the court in The Pirate Bay case, in several cities of Sweden, with more
than 1 000 supporters demonstrating in Stockholm for The Pirate Bay
defendants and file sharing. The decision of the court has also led to a
significant increase of the Pirate Party membership.
Pirate Bay judge and pro-copyright lobbyist accused of bias (23.04.2009)
Pirate Bay lawyer calls for retrial (23.04.2009)
Judge In Pirate Bay Trial Biased (23.04.2009)
Swedes demonstrate in support of Pirate Bay (19.04.2009)
Pirate Bay judge denies 'conflict of interest' (23.04.2009)
EDRI-gram: The Pirate Bay founders considered guilty by the first Swedish
court (22.04.2009)
3. EP passes performers' copyright term extension directive in first reading
Although largely opposed by some EU Member States in the Council, criticized
by the consumers' organizations and strongly opposed by 4 out of the 7 main
political groups (ALDE, GREENS/EFA, NGL, IND/ DEM) in the European
Parliament (EP), the directive on performers copyright term extension was
passed by the MEPs in the first reading on 23 April 2009.
Besides the four groups, there were other national delegations and key MEPs
who joined the fight to reject the directive, but the final vote was 317 in
favour, 178 against, 37 abstentions.
The report by Irish MEP Brian Crowley proposed the extension of the term
from 50 to 70 years for performers and recording companies, while the
initial proposal of the European Commission was to extend the term up to 95
years. The extension by 20 years seems to be a compromise to acknowledge the
disapproval of some of the Member States.
"The current differences in term of protection, particularly between Europe
and the US, cause legal uncertainty and piracy, especially in the digital
environment, where there are no boundaries," said Brian Crowley who added:
"The extended term would also benefit the record producers. It would
generate additional revenue from the sale of records in shops and on the
The new text provides a dedicated fund for session musicians having given up
their rights when signing contracts for their performances. The fund is to
be financed by contributions from producers who would be obliged to put
aside for this at least 20% of the revenues resulted from the extended term,
at least once a year. The collective societies are given the right to manage
the additional remuneration. A key amendment to ensure benefits accrued only
to performers was, unfortunately, rejected.
The initial text has also been modified so as to prevent previous contract
terms to deduct money from the additional revenues for performers. Also, an
approved amendment allows performers to renegotiate contracts concluded
before the entry into force of this legislation. "Use it or lose it" clause
says that in case the producers do not make the recording available to the
public within a year after the 50-year period has ended, their rights expire
and performers can be transferred the rights for the respective recording.
MEPs ask the Commission to launch by January 2010 an impact assessment of
the situation in the European audiovisual sector in order to decide
whether a similar copyright extension would be beneficial for that area as
well. Member States will have two years to transpose the new legislation.
Professor Bernt Hugenholtz, Director of the University of Amsterdam's
Institute for Information Law (IViR) criticized the Commission for not
having taken into consideration the finding of the two commissioned studies
carried out by IViR on the extension of the copyright term. In an open
letter addressed in August 2008, he accused the Commission of "wilfully
ignoring scientific analysis and evidence".
Monique Goyens, director-general of European consumer organisation BEUC, has
also criticised the proposed legislation summarising the present situation
as follows: "The technology is of the 21st century, the legislation is of
the 19th century and the right holder organisations are of the Middle Age."
The directive is now being sent to the EU Council of Ministers for first
reading, where it is currently blocked by several member states.
Parliament buckles: copyright extension goes through to Council of Ministers
European Parliament backs 70-year copyright term for sound recordings
Music copyright still divisive, despite MEPs' backing (29.04.2009)
Music copyright to be extended to 70 years for performers (23.04.2009)
IViR Open Letter to Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European
Commission (28.08.2008)
EDRI-gram: Extended copyright term for sound recordings pushed back
4. Three strikes law in France - Second attempt
The Hadopi (or three strikes) law saga continues with the second reading of
the draft law in the French National Assembly having started on 29 April
After the unexpected rejection of the text in the lower chamber on 9 April
2009, the majority came this time decided to pass the law no matter what.
The pressure was mainly due to the present discussion in the European
Parliament for the adoption of the Telecom Package which would put the
French law in a critical position. The French Government has tried its best
to push the three strikes law to be voted by the National Assembly as fast
as possible.
"We will be careful so that you don't go to sleep as we are going to vote
this very evening" said deputy Jean-Frangois Copi on 29 April. The entire
fight around the draft law seems to have turned into a political debate.
This time, present in a large number, the majority members succeeded in
rejecting the opposition's proposal to send back the text to the mixed joint
commission (commission mixte paritaire).
Frank Riester, rapporteur of the text, asked for the rejection of "any
amendment that puts into question the compromise of the mixed joint
commission" that is the toughest form of the text, thus shown the intention
of the majority to pass the draft law as it was before its rejection on 9
Fears appear to have existed that the government might make use of the
unique (or so called blocked) vote which would have given thepossibility of
voting the entire text as a single item instead of voting every single
amendment. However, this did not happen and the large number of
amendments, especially introduced by the opposition, made it impossible for
the Assembly to finalise the discussions and vote by the evening of 5 May.
That morning, there were still 160 amendments to examine out of the total of
214. The vote was therefore postponed till 12 Ma, a decision which is
definitely disappointing for Nicolas Sarkozy who wanted to get the vote on
the law before a final decision of the EP on the Telecom Package.
According to Jirimie Zimmermann, spokesman for La Quadrature du Net, "The
HADOPI law will be undoubtedly voted by a blocked majority, on order. But it
will remain a political failure for the government and a democratic as well
as technological aberration. HADOPI is a warning signal inviting everybody
to rise against the harmful consequences of a regulation sacrificing the
citizens and the Internet to the out-of-date interests of some".
In the mean time, the opposition movements continue. Sci-fi writer Roland
Wagnerhas has organised a "Sci-fi against HADOPI" group while an anti-Hadopi
march was organised on 1 May 2009 by several organisations at the initiative
of Libre Acchs and the French Data Network in Paris. Also, an important
initiative has been taken by consumers groups including La Quadrature du Net
and UFC Que Choisir who have launched the project Criation Public Internet
(Internet Public Creation), a project meant to find new business models and
solutions for important issues related to cultural creation and artists'
After the vote in the National Assembly, the Hadopi text will go back to the
Senate for a new reading and in the unlikely case the text of the Senate
differs from the one voted by the Assembly, the last word will belong to the
Hadopi: towards a unique vote? (only in French, 4.05.2009)
HADOPI: in the wall, honking (only in French, 30.04.2009)
Hadopi (S2E02): politics first, Hadopi after (only in French, 30.04.2009)
Hadopi (S2E01): the majority shows its muscles to the opposition (only in
French, 29.04.2009)
France reintroduces three-strikes law, clash with EU likely (29.04.2009)
FDN and Libres Acchs Appeal to manifest against Hadopi (only in French,
Hadopi: the vote of the draft law reported till Tuesday 12 May (only in
French, 5.05.2009)
Hadopi: the vote reported by a week (only in French, 5.05.2009)
EDRIgram: Three strikes law rejected by the French deputies (22.04.2009)
5. UK: Google's Street View does not breach the Data Protection Act
In response to a complaint filed by Privacy International, the UK Data
Protection Authority, Information Commissioner's Office, found Google's
Street View service clear of any breach of the Data Protection Act, as
revealed in a public statement on 23 April 2009.
After the service was introduced in UK on 20 March 2009, Privacy
International filed a complaint against Google arguing that the company
needed the consent of the communities it was photographing, before setting
up Street View system. Also, on 3 April the residents of Broughton,
Buckinghamshire, made a barricade to prevent the Google car from entering
their village because they considered that images presented by Street View
could easily be used by burglers, thus facilitating their actions.
Privacy International complained by the fact that Google had not performed
safeguards to the technology to the extent promised and that the service had
created numerous instances of embarrassment and distress for citizens. "We
also believe that the technology has created substantial threat to a number
of individuals and that the extent of intrusion into the homes of some
complainants is unlawful. In such cases, Google should have acquired consent
from individuals before images were captured," said the complaint.
The ICO ruled against Privacy International's action. "It is important to
highlight that putting images of people on Google Street View is very
unlikely to formally breach the Data Protection Act," stated David Evans,
the Senior Data Protection Practice Manager of the ICO adding: "Watch the TV
news any day this week and you will see people walking past reporters in the
street. Some football fans' faces will be captured on Match of the Day and
local news programmes this weekend - without their consent, but perfectly
While acknowledging having received numerous complaints from people who have
found their image on Google Street View, ICO considers however that the
removal of an entire service would be "disproportionate to the relatively
small risk of privacy detriment".
The ICO has expressed satisfaction for Google having put in place adequate
safeguards to minimise the risks to the individuals' privacy and safety and
stated it would be watching closely so that Google should continue to
respond quickly to complaints and deletion requests. "As a regulator we take
a pragmatic and common sense approach. Any images of people's faces or
number plates should be blurred. We emphasised the importance of blurring
these images to protect people's privacy and limit privacy intrusion. Google
must respond quickly to deletion requests and complaints, as it is doing at
the moment. We will be watching closely to make sure this continues to be
achieved in practice," said Evans.
Privacy International had a very strong reaction to ICO's ruling. Its
director Simon Davies declared for The Times that ICO "has entirely
misrepresented Privacy
International's concerns and complaint. We never sought the shutdown of
Google Street View, as this ruling implies. We wanted to get Google to focus
on the technological solutions and to get the commissioner to uphold the
principles behind the law. Instead, he has sacrificed principles for
pragmatism, an approach we believe has already been responsible for many of
the privacy invasions in Britain."
Davis considers there are dysfunctions in the Commission's handling
complaints and technological advice would be necessary. Therefore, Privacy
International is "for the creation of a technological advice office, and for
greater rigour to be applied to the ICO's relations with companies and
Davis also expects a different reaction from Christopher Graham, director
general of the Advertising Standards Authority, who is expected to become
the next UK Information Commissioner after Richard Thomas, the present ICO,
retires on 30 June. "We challenge the incoming commissioner to find the
courage to defend the legal principle of privacy and thus restore public
trust in his office," he said.
Street View ruling angers privacy campaigners (23.04.2009)
Google wins battle with British weather to launch Street View in UK
PI files complaint about Google Street View (23.03.2009)
Privacy International slams ICO ruling on Google Street View (24.04.2009)
PI calls for review of UK privacy regulator following series of failed
judgements (23.04.2009)
EDRIgram: Privacy complaints related to Google's Street View (16.07.2008)
6. Reclaim your DNA from the UK database
A coallition of Human rights groups in UK has launched "Reclaim your DNA"
website that helps innocent people contact the police to seek destruction of
their DNA and database records. Five months after the European Court of
Human Rights decision in the case Marper vs UK, no bill has been introduced
in the Parliament to deal with this situation. However, in a recent
statement, the UK home secretary Jacqui Smith said that the plans for
destruction of the DNA profiles of the innocent people stored by the Police
would be published soon.
The website "Reclaim your DNA" was launched on 27 April 2009 by several
human rights groups in UK: GeneWatch UK, NO2ID, Black Mental Health UK, ARCH
and EDRi-member Open Rights Group.
Dr Helen Wallace, Director of GeneWatch UK, said: "If Scotland can remove
innocent people from the DNA database, why can't this happen everywhere?
It's time for people in the rest of Britain to demand their rights".
GeneWatch has already warned that the health and drug companies will want
access to the samples in order to create profiles to predict who is
genetically susceptible to different illnesses and diseases.
The website explains the procedure of deleting the DNA from the National DNA
Database in case you haven't been convicted. It is estimated that at least
800 000 people are in this situation. The coalition presents the arguments
for such an action: "Your computer record on the
National DNA database can be used to trace you or your relatives. A sample
of your DNA, containing your personal genetic information, will also be
stored by one of the commercial laboratories that do work for the police.
Your DNA sample contains some private information about your health."
"We have human rights: we need to exercise them if we want to successfully
defend them. The digital age means data is constantly easier to collect,
store, and analyse, so when government goes too far, it is vital citizens
act to defend their right to privacy" points Jim Killock, Executive Director
of Open Rights Group making reference also to the European Court of Human
Rights decision that considered it is illegal for the government to keep all
this personal information belonging to innocent people.
The UK government stalled for nearly 5 months and initial plans seamed to
try not to implement directly the judgement. But a statement from the UK
home secretary Jacqui Smith insisted on 3 May 2009 that the plans would be
presented this week and will also include the destruction of all physical
samples, such as mouth swabs, hair and blood. It is estimated that a
consultation paper would be released by the UK government to detail all the
actions to deal with the destruction of the DNA profiles of the innocent
But the civil rights groups remain cautious on the decision. Simon Davies
from Privacy International: "The DNA database is already too big.We would
argue that the samples of anyone convicted of even minor offences should be
Reclaim your DNA !
The UK Police National DNA Database
GeneWatch PR: Innocent urged to reclaim their DNA (27.04.2009)
Step-by-step guide to reclaim your DNA (27.04.2009)
Jacqui Smith says DNA database profiles of 800,000 innocent people will be
axed (3.05.2009)
EDRi-gram:ECHR decided against the UK DNA Database (17.12.2009)
7. WIPO Committee on Development and Intellectual Property: Third meeting
The central issues in the third meeting of the World Intellectual Property
Organization (WIPO) Committee on Development and Intellectual Property
(CDIP) seemed to be the creation of centralized databases to collect
traditional cultural expressions, traditional knowledge, genetic material
and public domain material - and to close the digital divide between
(post-)industrialized nations and economies in transition, developing
countries (DCs) and the least developed countries (LDCs).
Because Public Domain (PD) is decidedly different in different countries, it
was proposed that a study on what does PD entail in different countries be
undertaken by WIPO. From this study, a database should be created for the
use of different actors that need to know what actually belongs to PD.
Another central concern expressed by DCs and LDCs during the meeting was
that PD should not only be mapped and preserved, but also enriched when
possible. On the other hand, DCs and LDCs were worried that traditional
cultural expressions, traditional knowledge and genetic material would be
presumed to automatically belong to PD. Although direct concerns were not
mentioned with all three areas, it was apparent that with the first, the
worry was the westernization of traditional music, texts, behavior patterns
etc. and with the second, that traditional knowledge about herbs and
medicines as well as treatments would be enclosed by western multinational
corporations without benefit to the local tribes and people who actually
found them (CDIP/3/3, Recommendation 20)
A clear tension between (post-) industrialized countries and DCs, LDCs and
economies in transition was appearant. The latter often promoted  to each
other innovative and situational suggestions taking multiple views into
account. The industrialized countries' representatives, more often than not,
attempted to preserve the status quo, although as exceptions to this rule
Japan and the Republic of South Korea  must be mentioned. Japan had
innovative ideas on E-SPEED database from which the member states, their
patent and registering officials and stakeholders could observe various
kinds of cases and how Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) in different
countries are handled (CDIP/3/8). Republic of Korea suggested doing a study
in Fair Trade practices in different market areas - how to strengthen these
and make them more widely used and available (CDIP/3/7). Some industrialized
countries representatives expressed doubt on whether these proposals would
be feasible in this economical environment, but, of course, this was also
met with some skepticism by DCs and LDCs. After all, the kinds of economic
problems western countries suffer from are in no way comparable of the
normal situation DCs and LDCs face.
Most EU and Group B representatives seemed satisfied with the fairly few
comments made by the Czech Republic (in the name of EC and its 27 member
states) and Germany. These representatives mainly commented on certain
technical issues in the proposed projects execution, whereas the US
representative tended to be more vocal and a stronger proponent of the
status quo by more often than not referring to practices which would slow
and hinder the proposed changes to the projects. As an interesting side
topic, the one time the UK representative used an intervention, he mentioned
(freely quoting) that as he was representing the UK population as a whole,
also Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) constituency not just the
government and rights holders, therefore the need for NGO interventions was
not all that necessary. Let us hope that the UK delegate really does
represent all the stakeholders in UK, although it remains unclear when these
stakeholders have the opportunity to be heard by this representative in
relation to WIPO CDIP.
NGOs, DCs and LDCs were all worried specifically about the end of the
projects - would the projects carry on after the funding for them by WIPO
ended? If a project for setting up a center for certain IPR policy lasted 5
years, would it actually be run after this? What would happen to the
hardware bought? It would at that stage be old and in need of replacement,
at least some of the personnel trained would be offered work elsewhere both
during and after the project ended and the state would not necessarily have
the funds to keep the project going on their own.
Worries were also presented on the transparency and wider use of WIPO
prepared material. Even though a large part of it is available, either for
free or at a reasonable price, if there is no infrastructure in place to
facilitate the use, it doesn't mean much.
The meeting was a positive experience compared to previous CDIP meetings
from the point of view of NGOs. The representatives of NGOs were offered far
more possibilities to comment on the items at the agenda than in previous
meetings. Especially The Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL)
did a lot of work for this to happen. The representative for CIEL talked
with various member states representatives, the chair and the secretariat -
with good results. NGOs had their traditional possibility to offer views and
point out specifically important topics during the opening session, but the
chair also attended the NGO meeting Wednesday morning.
After that meeting, he offered the NGOs a possibility to give short
statements both during Thursday and Friday. The first time this possibility
was offered, only Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE) and Electronic
Frontier Foundation (EFF) were able to use this to their advantage.
During Friday, the NGOs were more prepared for this possibility and more of
them, and in more depth towards the topics under handling, were able to use
the possibility and various short comments were heard.
During Monday's opening statements, Library Copyright Alliance (LCA) and
Electronic Information for Libraries (eIFL.net) presented their concerns
about libraries using electronic materials in DCs and LDCs . There are
problems with this even in industrialized nations, thus they were concerned
that in states with less developed practices this would especially cause
lots of problems. As an example, the use of orphan works is troublesome even
in the industrialized countries: how to handle potential payments if the
rights holders are found, how to find out whether the rights holder is known
when concentrated databases of e.g. copyright holders do not exist, etc.
Licensing practices are also unclear in many DCs and LDCs, and often do not
offer any possibilities for libraries to offer electronic materials to be
loaned outside specific contracts (see especially CDIP/3/5 and
During Thursday, FSFE brought to attention the advantages free software and
open standards would offer in many situations. The free software and open
standards advantages (e.g. possibility to translate software instead of
relying on the good will of the software producers) enable more democratic
innovation models than traditional propietary software, thus allowing
developing countries to reap considerable benefits from using free software
and relying on open standards.
CIEL was instrumental in getting the possibility for the NGOs to be active
during the Friday session. The CIEL representative saw it essential that the
databases containing technical information on IPRs (see e.g. CDIP/3/INF/2,
Annex II, Recommendation 5) should include model solutions. If possible,
they should also be updated in real time instead of in batches. All surveys
and studies ought to be based on empirical studies and statistical analysis
performed by independent researchers rather than on rights holder
associations' or purely theoretical ones, which often seems to be the case.
Finally, the results from these studies and surveys should be available to
all, not just WIPO member states.
On top of what was presented in the official meetings, the political play in
the corridors of power were interesting to follow. Who eats lunch with whom,
what was said, but especially what was not said, what kinds of
presuppositions were brought to discussions depending on the member state or
group of the representative. The decision making cannot be considered open,
transparent and democratic, even in good will, but progress towards more
open and enabling discussions can be, none the less, seen.
Committee on Development and Intellectual Property (CDIP) : Third Session
Center for International Environmental Law
Library Copyright Alliance (LCA)
Electronic Information for Libraries
FSF Europe
(contribution by Kai K. Kimppa - Lecturer, Information Systems, University
of Turku - Finland)
8. Recommended Action
The European Commission has launched a new online tool offering practical
advice on the digital rights consumers have under EU law
9. Recommended Reading
European Parliament study: A Review of the increased use of CCTV and
video-surveillance for crime prevention purposes in Europe by Clive Norris
10. Agenda
11 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
GigaNet is organizing the 2nd international academic workshop on Global
Internet Governance: An Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction.
13-14 May 2009 Uppsala, Sweden
Mashing-up Culture: The Rise of User-generated Content
19-20 May 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Personal data - more use, more protection?
22-23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
E-privacy: Towards total control
23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Award Italia 2009
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
Call for papers by 1 July 2009
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-05-20 21:30:03
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.10, 20 May 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.10, 20 May 2009
1. France: Three strikes law voted for good
2. EP limits data breach notification
3. EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers' privacy
4. Goggle's Street View contested in Europe
5. Lucky win for the Swiss biometric passports
6. Another open door for software patents in EU
7. French courts give clear decisions for hosted content
8. UK creative industries want the disconnection of file sharers
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. France: Three strikes law voted for good
After long debates, on 12 May 2009 the French deputies adopted with 296
votes against 233 the three strikes law, with very few modifications. The
following day the Senate also voted the law with 189 against 14 with
socialist senators having decided not to participate in the vote.
During the discussions, most of the amendments introduced by the opposition
were rejected. The Internet users deemed of illegally downloaded content
will have their connection cut off while continuing to pay for the service
(the so called double pain). The amendment by which the users should have
not been sanctioned for downloading music that was unavailable on legal
platforms was also rejected just like the one extending from 30 days to 2
months the period over which a user could make appeal. The law as is now
ignores the presumption of innocence and the allows disclosure of personal
information without any control from a court.
Senator Samia Ghali was the only one from the socialist group who voted
against the article creating Hadopi authority, expressing her opinion that
the project was "inefficient, outdated, too complex, archaic, liberticidal
and old-fashioned".
On 19 May, the socialist deputies filed an appeal to the Constitutional
Council which will have to give its decision by 19 June. The Constitutional
Council already censored the graduate response introduced by the DADVSI law
in 2006, considering it was not in agreement with the equality principle of
the criminal law for making Internet counterfeiting a special case.
MEP Guy Bono, the author of the amendment against graduated response
(amendment 138) in the Telecom Package, said that in case the French
Constitutional Council does dot censure the Hadopi law, he will appeal to
the European Court of Justice. He considers the Frenchlaw is infringing the
amendment already adopted by the European Parliament
at the beginning of May. The amendment says that a user's access to the
Internet can be cut only by court decision. Bono considers the adoption of
the Hadopi law as a "total disrespect to Europe and its citizens three weeks
before the European elections".
Bono is also shocked by the statement of European Commissioner Viviane
Reding who, in an attempt to gain France's favours before the European
elections, said that although Hadopi may face some problems at the national
level, she saw no indication of infringements of the European community
law and "nothing in amendment 138 that might modify this situation".
La Quadrature du Net believes that the Hadopi law is legally dead because
"it opposes to fundamental principles of French and European law, including
the respect of a fair trial, principle of proportionality and separation of
powers." In the group's opinion, it is also technically dead because "it
entirely relies on identifying users through their IP address that can be
altered or high-jacked in many ways As a consequence, innocents will
inevitably be sanctioned. Circumvention techniques are also already largely
available." It is politically dead because "this text is a ball and
chain" that will be dragged "along for a long time." And finally the Hadopi
law is dead for the media "because government's propaganda didn't stand for
long under close scrutiny from citizens over the net" and "60% of the French
reject this text according to an IFOP poll (33% only agree to the scheme)
and a wide opposition includes independent movie theatres, hundreds of
independent labels, science-fiction authors and performing artists."
Hadopi law is adopted according to the Senate (189 votes against 14) (only
in French, 13.05.2009)
Hadopi: the appeal to the Constitutional Council filed on Tuesday (only in
French, 18.05.2009)
Hadopi law adopted, what now? (only in French, 14.05.2009)
Guy Bono "appalled" by Viviane Reding's remarks (only in French, 13.05.2009)
In campaign, Viviane Reding believes Hadopi does not infringe the European
law (only in French, 13.05.2009)
Anti-piracy law: "make your computer Hadopi-compatible" (only in French,
Solemn burial for HADOPI in French National Assembly (13.05.2009)
EDRIgram: Three strikes law in France - Second attempt (6.05.2009)
2. EP limits data breach notification
The modification of the Privacy and Electronic Communication directive voted
by the European Parliament (EP) on 6 May 2009, as part of second reading of
the telecom package, limits the data breach notification only to the
electronic communications service providers.
Initially, in its first reading of the telecom package last year, the
European Parliament insisted to expand the data breach notification beyond
the initial provision, to online services or even public administration.
This idea was supported by privacy experts such as Peter Hustinx, the
European Data Protection Supervisor who insisted to apply the system not
only to "providers of public electronic communication services in
public networks but also to other actors, especially to providers of
information society services which process sensitive personal data (e.g.
online banks and insurers, on-line providers on health services etc.)."
But in the negotiations with the Council and the European Commission on this
point the EP diluted its initial claims. Thus, the adopted text
includes a mandatory obligation only for ISPs and telecoms. For the rest of
the categories the Commission just takes note of the EP will and says that
it will "initiate the appropriate preparatory work, including consultation
with stakeholders, with a view to presenting proposals in this area, as
appropriate, by the end of 2011. In addition, the Commission will consult
with the European Data Protection Supervisor on the potential for the
application, with immediate effect, in other sectors of the principles
embodied in the data breach notification rules in Directive 2002/58/EC,
regardless of the sector or type of data concerned."
The adopted text includes a similar recital that notes the "general interest
for users to be notified is clearly not limited to the electronic
communications sector and therefore explicit, mandatory notification
requirements applicable to all sectors should be introduced at the Community
level as a matter of priority."
According to the text of the Directive approved by the EP in the case of a
personal data breach, the telecom operator or ISP has the obligation to
notify the personal data breach right away to the competent national
authority. The text also says that if the data breach "is likely to
adversely affect the personal data and privacy of a subscriber or an
individual, the provider shall also notify the subscriber or individual of
the breach without undue delay."
The EDPS considered the voted text as "a satisfactory approach". He
also noted that it is good to see the mandatory notification for personal
data breaches in the final text, which is one of the core elements
of the Directive. However, he expressed his regrets that "its application is
limited to ISPs and network operators. One would hope that the Commission,
in consultation with the EDPS, will soon put forward proposals setting up
mandatory notification requirements applicable to all sectors, as the
Commission has undertaken to do in a declaration annexed to the text adopted
by the EP."
The European Parliament rejected on 6 May the telecom package, due to the 3
strikes-related article, that was presented in extenso in the past EDRi-gram
issue. Now the package needs to be negotiated again with the other EU
institutions, but it is hard to believe that the data breach notification
provisions will be modified.
Modification of the E-privacy Directive - adopted text (6.05.2009)
European Parliament abandons plan to extend data breach notification law EDRi-gram: Data breach notification - different opinions in EU bodies ?
EDPS endorses data breach notification provision in ePrivacy Directive
3. EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers' privacy
The European Commission issued on 12 May 2009 a recommendation on the use of
RFID (radio-frequency identification) after a fifteen-month period of
consultations with supplying and using industries, standardisation bodies,
consumers' organisations, civil society groups and trade unions.
Having in view the high continuous development of the smart chips industry,
the Commission drafted the recommendation to help in ensuring the protection
of the citizens' fundamental rights to privacy and data protection as
stipulated in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union
proclaimed on 14 December 2007.
The non biding recommendation will ask retailers using RFID tags to store
and track products to deactivate them at the point of sale thus avoiding
potential privacy and security problems. The wish of the privacy protection
groups for opt-in principle is included in the recommendation thus giving
customers the possibility to agree to keep their tags active if they wish
to. This could be useful to identify a product found to be dangerous and to
retrieve it. Tags are to be deactivated should customers fail to opt-in.
The Commission recommends organisations using RFID systems to assess the
possible impact on privacy and data protection before using them, to act in
order to minimise "any risk of infringing people's rights", to inform
people who may be affected that the systems are in use by means of an
established logo that can be defined by standardisation organisations and to
inform the operators of the RFID systems on their purpose.
According to the recommendation, the national authorities should do their
best to increase the awareness of the public and small businesses on the
matter and to encourage research and development for more secure and privacy
friendly RFID systems.
Retailers are expected to use an established logo indicating the use of a
RFID tag on a product, to deactivate and remove such a tag in case of risks
to customers' privacy or personal data security and even offer to do so even
if there is no such risk.
EDRi's President and member of the EC RFID expert group, Andreas Krisch,
qualified the Recommandation as "a first important step towards the right
direction", but "for the time being it is important that the privacy impact
assessments are carried out properly to determine the risks for individuals
personal data. In the retail sector RFIDs should be deactivated at check-out
since this is the point where they leave the control of the retail company
and they constitute a risk to individuals privacy when being kept active."
He also insisted on the necesary next steps: "The success of this process
will depend on the ability of all stakeholders to continue the dialog that
was started with the RFID Expert Group. Member states now have an important
role to play in implementing the recommendation. They should actively
initiate a dialogue between DPAs, companies and civil society."
The recommendation was also welcomed by BEUC, the European consumers'
organisation which considers it "an important first step towards finally
addressing some of the core consumer concerns linked to RFID".
The opinion of the retailers is however divided. While the European Retail
Round Table representing big chains believes the recommendation
achieves the necessary balance between the benefits brought by RFID and the
provision of the highest standards of privacy and data protection, "allowing
the technology to develop while ensuring that those who use the technology
will use it responsibly and sensibly", EuroCommerce believes the Commission
did not take into consideration " practical consequences. On the contrary,
by adding constraints on operators, it will reduce the attractiveness of the
new technology for them. This will inevitably be reflected in the costs. If
RFID is to develop its full potential, and to contribute to European
competitiveness, it must be made easy, cheap and attractive, both to develop
and to use."
In two years, Member States are to inform the Commission on the measures
they intend to take in order to meet the objectives of the Recommendation
and within two-three years, the Commission will report on the
Recommendation's implementation including an impact analyisis on citizens as
well as companies and public authorities using smart chips.
EU pushes for smart tag revolution (12.05.2009)
Small chips with big potential: New EU recommendations make sure 21st
century bar codes respect privacy (12.05.2009)
Recommendation of the Commission of the European Communities on the
implementation of privacy and data protection principles in applications
supported by radio-frequency identification (12.05.2009)
4. Goggle's Street View contested in Europe
Google continues to face problems with its Street View service. The Greek
data protection agency has banned Street View until it receives
"additional information" from Google. The agency wishes to know the duration
for which the images are kept on Google's database and what measures the
company will take to make people aware of privacy rights.
Google does not appear worried by the action of the Greek authority stating
they do not consider it a banning. "We have received a request for further
information and we are happy to continue discussing these issues with them.
We will discuss with them whether it is appropriate for us to continue
driving in the meantime. Although that dialogue is ongoing, we believe that
launching in Greece will offer enormous benefits to both Greek users and the
people elsewhere who are interested in taking a virtual tour of some of its
many tourist attractions."
At the same time, the company wished to reiterate its commitment to take
measures to protect citizens' privacy: "Google takes privacy very seriously,
and that's why we have put in place a number of features, including the
blurring of faces and licence plates, to ensure that Street View will
respect local norms when it launches in Greece."
Simon Davies, director of Privacy International considers the Greek action
as a very good precedent. "This is fantastic news. The Greek regulators
understand the risks of future technology creep. They have watched what has
happened in the US and UK very carefully and will be familiar with the
arguments on both sides. This highlights the difference between regulators -
some will allow the public space to be exploited, others acknowledge that
people's privacy needs to be protected. Now we wait for the domino effect,
as the Greek decision sets an example that others may follow - we will see
what happens next in Central Europe."
In the meantime, Street View has become active in Prague while the service's
legality in the Czech Republic is still unclear. Filip Pospmsil, a privacy
expert with EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium believes blurring techniques are
not sufficient as there are still concerns related to the angles and
distances of the pictures.
Street View as well as also other new Internet services is bringing up
certain discrepancies between privacy laws and the technological advances.
"As is usual, everyday reality and technical progress is ahead of the
legislator," said Milana Chamberlain, a partner at law firm Norton Rose. In
her opinion, the relevant legislation should be amended to cope with the
progress of the technology.
"In our view the borderline (between personal freedoms and protection of
privacy) is very subjective and depends on when people start to feel
offended by the fact that their face appears on the internet without their
consent or when they suffer harm because somebody saw them where they did
not want to be seen," said Chamberlain.
Facing complaints about privacy invasion with Street View in Japan, Google
stated it would re-shoot all Japanese pictures by using lower camera angles
so that images from private properties might not appear in pictures. And
although Google also said it has blurred car number plates in the pictures
as it has done in Europe, Japanese privacy campaigners are still concerned
about Street View system shooting images unselectively.
Greece puts brakes on Street View (12.05.2009)
Google's snapshots of Prague raise privacy issues (21.04.2009)
Google re-shoots Japan scenes after privacy complaints (13.05.2009)
UK: Google's Street View does not breach the Data Protection Act (6.05.2009)
5. Lucky win for the Swiss biometric passports
A referendum that took place in Switzerland on Sunday, 17 May 2009 was in
favour of the biometric passports law by a very narrow margin. Thus the
official results show that 50.14% of the voters approved the law, with just
5 504 votes separating the two sides.
With one of the closest results in recent Swiss history, the vote on the law
was influenced by the low turnout (38%) and by the number of Swiss citizens
who voted from abroad for such a project. 14 cantons (including Bern, Geneva
or Basel City) voted against the biometric passports. Howevere, the Swiss
living abroad were probably seduced by the rhetoric of the Ministry of
Justice Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf who insisted that the biometric passports
are necessary so that Switzerland may enjoy the EU visa policy and enter US
without a visa.
For example in Geneva, 52.9% people voted against the law, but 55.6% of the
Geneva residents that were abroad supported the project.
The biometric passport law was voted in March 2008 by the Swiss Parliament.
According to the law, the new passport will be equipped with an electronic
chip containing a portrait picture and two fingerprints of the holder. One
of the most controversial provision was to store fingerprints in a central
Some considered that the main reason behind such a fingerprint register is
the access for police investigations, but the justice minister dismissed
these allegations.
Widmer-Schlumpf pledged in a press conference to take opponents' concerns
seriously: "We will do our best to ensure that personal data in the
fingerprint register is secure". She also promised that the ID card would
not contain biometric identifiers.
Most of the Swiss newspapers interpreted the final result as a sign of
scepticism from the population on the new passports and that the final vote
was just lucky.
"It is a slap in the face for the political establishment that includes the
government and long-established parliamentarians. They have to thank lady
luck that they do not belong to the losers," commented the Aargauer Zeitung
A chance majority (only in French, 18.05.2009)
"Lady luck" helps government win vote (18.05.2009)
Federal voting: the biometric passport accepted by a hairbreadth. Eveline
Widmer-Schlumpf relieved (only in French, 17.05.2009)
Passport vote wins majority and puzzles experts (17.05.2009)
Biometric passport scrapes through at ballot box (17.05.2009)
6. Another open door for software patents in EU
A new international treaty United Patent Litigation System (UPLS) that may
create an centralised trusted patent court is the new open door for software
patents in the European Union.
The draft UPLS is inspired from the now defunct European Patent Litigation
Agreement (EPLA) and is estimated to creat a new international patent court.
As FFII (Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure) points out, the
system will by-pass the national courts. This court system would be shielded
against any review by the European Court of Justice (ECJ). Thus, hand-picked
patent judges will have the last word on software patents, meaning that will
have the ultimate power to interpret patent law.
After the Recommendation of 24 March 2009 of the European Commission to
the Council that would provide the Commission with negotiating directives
for the conclusion of an agreement creating the UPLS, the Competitiveness
Council of EU Ministers of 28-29 May will request a legal opinion to the ECJ
about potential conflicts of the UPLS with the EU treaties.
The UPLS will not be a EU institution (the same as for the present European
Patent Office - EPO) and thus will exceed the competence of the European
Court of Justice that will only "rule on preliminary questions asked by the
court structure established in the framework of the Unified Patent
Litigation System, (...) on the interpretation of EC law and on the validity
and interpretation of acts of the institutions of the Community."
Benjamin Henrion, President of the FFII and leader of its litigation working
group, explains: "A central patent court forbidding any petition right for
review to the ECJ means the patent court has the last word over software
patents. The Agreement is drafted in a way to avoid the ECJ intervention on
substantive patent law."
Brian Kahin, senior fellow of the Computer & Communications Industry
Association, underlines that the US experience proves that "it is clear that
the European Court of Justice needs to be able to oversee the evolution of
patent law. Otherwise, there is constant danger that a self-interested
patent community will successfully press to expand the scope, volume, and
power of the patent system."
The UPLS carries the risk that specialized patent courts will have the last
word for important questions such as limits of patentability. This is
what typically happens in Germany where the Senate of the Federal Patent
Court should refer basic questions to the Supreme Court but do not do this.
European Commission pushes for software patents via a trusted court
Patents: Commission sets out next steps for creation of unified patent
litigation system (24.03.2009)
Recommendation from the Commission to the Council to authorise the
Commission to open negotiations for the adoption of an Agreement creating a
Unified Patent Litigation System (20.03.2009)
"Council seeks to legalise software patents with the Community Patent" says
French expert (11.02.2009)
7. French courts give clear decisions for hosted content
Several decisions taken by the French courts lately recognize the principle
of non-liablilty of some web 2.0 sites for the content hosted. The new
interpretation is putting things back on track, after some earlier strange
decisions of the lower courts.
Dailymotion, the French video sharing site, has recently benefited of three
decisions in its favour, in each case the site being considered as a mere
hosting site and thus not liable for copyright infringement. On 30 April
2009, the site was cleared in the case filed by comedian Roland Magdane and
his production company Matex, for illegal video sharing of 31 sketches and
unfair competition. The court decided the site was only a hosting site, the
respective videos having been posted on personal users' accounts.
"Dailymotion offers its users an architecture and the technical means
allowing a classification of contents, availability to these contents,
without a prior intervention of the company on these contents that are
supplied by its users who bear their sole responsibility, independently from
the host which is in no way (...) an editor" was the decision of the court.
In April 2008, Dailymotion was also brought to court by production companies
Davis Films, Davis Films Productions, Nouvelles Editions de Films on the one
side and distributor Metropolitan Filmexport on the other for illegal
sharing of movie Le Parfum. The plaintiffs contested the hosting status of
the site considering Dailymotion had an active role in the treatment of the
contents, the classifications being made on commercial criteria and not on
functional or technical ones. Also, the plaintiffs considered that the
notification stipulated by LCEN for the warning of a site on allegdly
illegal hosted content was not mandatory.
However, the court decided Dailymotion was simply a hosting site as users
are those posting contents and choosing the key words. It also ruled that
the notification of illegal content was definitely mandatory. Dailymotion
was therefore exonerated of any guilt and the plaintiffs are to pay 10 000
euros as legal expenses.
In another case, the site was condemned on 13 July 2007 for counterfeiting
by the High Instance Court of Paris for illegally sharing online the movie
"Joyeux Nokl" and required to pay damages to the producers and the
exploitation company. At that time, the judges, although acknowledging
DailyMotion as a hosting provider and not a publisher, decided however that
the site was liable for copyright infringement, as it was aware of the
presence of illegal contents on its site. But on 6 May 2009, the appeal
court of Paris confirmed the hosting status of Dailymotion cancelling the
previous financial sanctions.
The major online auction site eBay had its share of French trials. Thus, in
september 2007 it was taken to court by l'Oreal cosmetic company in France,
Belgium, Spain and UK under the accusation of allowing counterfeit goods to
be traded and asked for about 3.5 million euro in damages.
In August 2008, eBay was already cleared of accusations in Belgium. In UK a
verdict on the matter is expected soon while in Spain the matter has not yet
been heard. The French court decided that the auction site is only a hosting
site as defined by the French law on implementing the e-commerce directive
(LCEN - loi pour la confiance dans l'iconomie numirique) and not an editor
and therefore it is not liable for the content on its website. The court
also considered that eBay has put into force significant means to fight
against online counterfeiting and thus "fulfilled its obligations of loyalty
to other operators on the market."
The court has also asked both parties to closely collaborate in order to
find adequate measures to fight counterfeiting perfumes and cosmetics and
suggested a mediator between the two, a hearing being scheduled for 25 May
on the issue. L'Orial accepted the decision and welcomed the mediation
solution. In its turn, eBay was pleased with the outcome considering the
fight against counterfeiting should be a shared responsibility and the
various involved parties should work together in this matter.
Dailymotion escapes two convictions in ten days (only in French, 11.05.2009)
Counterfeiting : L'Orial dismissed in its pursue of eBay (only in French,
Judge sides with eBay in L'Oreal fake goods case (13.05.2009)
EDRi-gram: France: Linking can be damaging to your pockets (9.04.2009)
EDRI-gram: France considering new rules for web 2.0 (23.04.2009)
8. UK creative industries want the disconnection of file sharers
An alliance of eight UK creative industries and five trade unions want the
government to force Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to disconnect
persistent alleged illegal file sharers from the Internet and have issued a
set of "urgent recommendations" they want to be included in the government's
Digital Britain manifesto.
The group considers that more than 50% of the net traffic in the UK is
illegal content, situation which puts jobs in the creative industries at
risk. "The growing threat of illegal P2P (peer to peer) file-sharing
threatens (the creative industries), as films go unmade, DVD sales
deteriorate and jobs are lost in production and distribution of content,"
said John Woodward, head of the UK Film Council.
In 2008, the UK Government urged ISPs to take measures to prevent illegal
downloading but refrained from introducing legislation that would force ISPs
to disconnect file sharers. Some of the UK's biggest internet providers
accepted a voluntary scheme and sent warning letters to thousands of users
suspected of illegally sharing music.
The Internet Services Providers' Association (ISPA) considers however that
disconnections could be challenged by users in court and that, for the time
being, the standard of the technology available for monitoring and detecting
illegal sharers was not one to be admissible as evidence in court. In ISPA's
opinion, the rights holders should rewrite their licensing agreements so as
to take into consideration the "new models of online content distribution".
ISPA's secretary general, Nicholas Lansman, said to BBC: "ISPA recognises
that there is a problem with unlawful P2P file sharing, but it is important
to recognise that a major part of the solution lies in licensing reform and
the availability of legal content online."
Woodward agreed the film industry had to introduce radical new business
models and needed to work more closely with ISPs in this digital era. "There
needs to be a better relationship between content providers, ISPS and
consumers." In his opinion, ISPs might consider a graduated response system
if they were "incentivised to tackle piracy" by the content providers paying
distribution fees to ISPs.
UK's Intellectual Property minister David Lammy said earlier this year
that the government would not force ISPs to pursue file sharers. "We can't
have a system where we're talking about arresting teenagers in their
bedrooms," he told The Times newspaper.
Barbara Follett, Minister for the creative industries, also said at a
conference of industry executives in London that the UK government was more
in favour of sending warning letters to offenders threatening with legal
actions rather than taking steps to slow or stop users' connections. "We
propose a requirement for ISPs to notify their customers that are engaging
in unlawful file-sharing and notify them in such a way that any further
action would have consequences," she said adding that the Digital Britain
report in June will include details related to the types of legal action to
be taken.
Call to 'disconnect file-sharers' (12.05.2009)
UK Govt. to hear calls to disconnect file sharers (12.05.2009)
Net firms reject 'policing role' (12.05.2009)
British ISPs warn Internet downloaders on the risk of being prosecuted
9. Recommended Action
End Software Patents launched a wiki to document the case against software
patents. Over 100 articles are being written to give an idea of the scope
and structure of the wiki.
10. Recommended Reading
The world is going Flat-rate
3 Strikes for Print: A Modest Proposal From Ed Felten
11. Agenda
22-23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
E-privacy: Towards total control
23 May 2009, Florence, Italy
Big Brother Award Italia 2009
24-28 May 2009, Venice, Italy
ICIMP 2009, The Fourth International Conference on Internet Monitoring
and Protection
1-4 June 2009, Washington, DC, USA
Computers Freedom and Privacy 2009
5 June 2009, London, UK
The Second Multidisciplinary Workshop on Identity in the Information
Society (IDIS 09): "Identity and the Impact of Technology"
28-30 June 2009, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA Conference 2009: Global Science & Economics of Knowledge-Sharing
2-3 July 2009, Padova, Italy
3rd FLOSS International Workshop on Free/Libre Open Source Software
13-16 August 2009, Vierhouten, The Netherlands
Hacking at Random
23-27 August 2009, Milan, Italy
World Library and Information Congress: 75th IFLA General Conference and
Council: "Libraries create futures: Building on cultural heritage"
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
Call for papers by 1 July 2009
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24-25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 15 July 2009
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-10-07 22:00:05
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.19, 7 October 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.19, 7 October 2009
1. Controversial draft Framework Decision on Child Sexual Exploitation
2. Reding: EU policy for information society for the next years
3. Turkey blocks thousands of foreign websites
4. Deja-vu: France's three-strikes law referred to Constitutional Council
5. The Pirate Bay may be banned in Italy
6. France wants to filter online gambling sites
7. Paris Court of Appeals on a GPL - related case
8. US gives up its unilateral supervision powers over ICANN
9. ENDitorial: Amendment 138-EP asked to choose between democracy and defeat
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Controversial draft Framework Decision on Child Sexual Exploitation
The Civil Liberties Committee of the European Parliament held its first
exchange of views on the controversial Proposal for a Framework Decision on
combatting the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child
pornography. The draft legislation includes an obligation to require ISPs to
"block" access to child pornography sites and attempts to harmonise the
approach of the 27 EU Member States to this issue. This new legislation
repeals and replaces an existing instrument from 2004, which failed to have
a significant impact on harmonisation in some of the key areas covered by
the legislation, such as the definition of "child pornography" and which was
also not fully implemented by all Member States.
In the meeting, the European Commission defended its proposal for mandatory
blocking on the simple basis that it will "prevent crime" because customers
will no longer be able to access commercial child pornography sites
directly. Fundamental issues such as whether this approach, with its various
technical limitations and practical inadequacies, would be proportionate to
the "solution" being offered were not addressed or acknowledged. The fact
that circumvention is possible was, however, mentioned. A Commission
official also made several obscure references to plans to take
"extraterritorial" action to have websites taken offline at source. These
statements appear to echo plans in the Commission Communication of June 2009
on "an area of freedom security and justice serving the citizen"
COM(2009)262 to create "mechanisms to revoke the IP addresses of criminal
ISPs and to facilitate rapid shutdown of websites outside Europe".
The MEP in charge, Roberta Angelilli (EPP, Italy) was also responsible for a
report on the previous Framework Decision adopted by the Parliament earlier
this year. At that time, the Parliament rejected her attempt to propose
blocking as a solution for child pornography websites. In the previous
session of the Parliament, she was an ordinary member of one of the smallest
political groups in the Parliament, but she is now a Parliament
Vice-President and a member of the biggest political group. She was not
present for this first discussion and her substitute Salvatore Iacolino
(EPP, Italy) did not mention blocking.
EDRi distributed its position paper to the political groups before the
meeting. During the debate, issues raised in the EDRi position paper were
highlighted by some MEPs. In particular, Jan-Philipp Albrecht (Germany,
Greens) and Birgit Sippel (S&D, Germany) raised serious concerns regarding
the need to engage in effective international cooperation to remove websites
at source rather than leaving them online to be accessed via technical
circumvention measures or accessed directly in countries where they are not
blocked. On the other side of the argument, certain MEPs did not reflect on
the rights and wrongs of blocking, preferring instead to call for
"everything" to be done to protect children, on the unexplained assumption
that blocking would achieve this goal.
One key issue of controversy in the Impact Assessment is the question of
whether or not a legal basis for blocking is necessary in order for it to
comply with Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights. This is
significant because some countries that have already implemented blocking
have done so without a legal basis and rumours emerging from the Council
suggest that "self-regulation" is being discussed as an alternative to
mandatory blocking. The Commission document explains that Member States
should only consider legislation in the absence of "effective"
self-regulation (i.e. no legislation is needed). It then goes on to explain
that over-blocking is a concern and, in the absence of a blocking being
"prescribed by law", "this measure risks to amount to a non-legitimate
interference with fundamental rights" (i.e. legislation may be needed).
Finally, the Impact Assessment argues that "as interpreted by the European
Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, to respect fundamental rights such
interference needs to be in accordance with the law and constitute a
necessary measure in a democratic society for important interests, such as
the prevention of crime.Such measures must indeed be subject to law, or they
are illegal".
EDRi position paper: Framework Decision on Child Sexual Exploitation
(Angelilli Report) (28.09.2009)
Impact assessment:
(links to all EU languages)
Commission Communication on freedom, security and justice:
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi )
2. Reding: EU policy for information society for the next years
The EU Commissioner for Information Society and Media, Viviane Reding,
participated last week at a breakfast event organised by the European
Digital Media Association (EdiMA) and had a speech that highlighted the main
EU key policy areas for information society for the next commission.
Ms. Reading insisted that the President Barroso has announced his policy
commitment to define, under the next Commission, an ambitious European
Digital Agenda that is scheduled for adoption in March 2010, aimed at
tackling the main obstacles to a genuine digital single market with targeted
legislative measures.
She also pointed out the main five points where pro-active measures are
needed from the Commission:
1.The issue of mass scale digitisation of books and orphan works. Ms.
Reading expressed her frustrations in relation with the development of
Europeana, Europe's digital library and pushed for "a modern set of European
rules that encourage the digitisation of books, including one or several
European Right Registries"
"If we don't act quickly, soon U.S. citizens will not only benefit from the
largest digital content offer, they will also be able to access through a
simple click almost 10 million books, including orphan works which are
largely part of our European cultural heritage. As European citizens,
students, teachers and researchers will not being able to do the same, there
is an actual risk of establishing a new digital divide across the Atlantic"
stressed the Commissioner.
2. A harmonised single European market with clearer rules enabling users
to be free to buy and enjoy anywhere, anytime and on any platform the
content they paid for. On this topic the Commissioner suggested a reflection
paper over a set of possible policy and legislative options aimed at
facilitating multi-territorial or EU-wide licensing for digital content. She
rejected the "Copyright task force" aimed at policy coordination - as
suggested by EDIMA - and argued for a common objective of the key
directorates in the Commission "a modern, pro-competitive and
consumer-friendly single-market framework for digitising, accessing and
licensing digital content online across the 27 EU Member States."
3. The European-wide adoption of the global web accessibility standard,
the new Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
4. Industry and consumers should work together for a European system of
5. Network neutrality. Ms Reding praised the European Parliament for
"strengthening" the provisions concerning net neutrality in the Telecom
package and suggested a broad debate in 2010 about this topic. The
Commissioner also confirmed that she was a strong advocate for Internet
"I have myself indicated that I would be prepared to act on this basis in
case of continued blocking of Voice over IP services by certain mobile
operators. The new Telecom package is in many instances a quite robust
answer to such new threats to net neutrality. However, I also know that
technology and regulation will evolve further in the years to come. And I
plan to be Europe's first line of defence whenever it comes to real threats
to net neutrality."
This seems contradictory with the current text of the Telecom
package, heavily criticized by civil society especially for not providing
enough safeguards for network neutrality. Moreover, the discussions between
the EP Conciliation Committee and the European Council seem to go in the
opposite direction: not to open up again the negotiations on the network
neutrality subjects.
Viviane Reding Member of the European Commission responsible for Information
Society and Media The Digital Single Market: a key to unlock the potential
of the knowledge based economy EDiMA's White Paper on Policy Strategy for
the Development of New Media Services 2009-2014 - Launch Breakfast Event
Brussels (1.10.2009)
Opening the Package "too risky" for EU (28.09.2009)
Concerns About Article 20, 21 and Recital 26 of the Telecoms Package
3. Turkey blocks thousands of foreign websites
Following the entering into force in November 2007 of the Turkish Law No.
5651 entitled Regulation of Publications on the Internet and Suppression of
Crimes Committed by means of Such Publication, a large number of websites
have been blocked in Turkey.
According to Dr. Yaman Akdeniz, Founder and Director of Cyber-Rights &
Cyber-Liberties (UK), there are at present more than 6000 websites blocked
in Turkey including known sites such as YouTube, WordPress, GoogleGroups
and Sites, DailyMotion and others. Some of the sites are blocked by court
orders while most of them are blocked by administrative blocking orders
issued by the Telecommunications Communication Presidency (TIB).
Some websites are blocked because they are considered obscene, others for
involving child abuse and sexual exploitation, gambling, betting,
prostitution and others for being considered as related to crimes committed
against Atat|rk.
Part of the websites has been blocked by courts although the reasons for
blocking them were outside the scope of Law No. 5651. The website blocking
can also occur in relation to intellectual property and websites such as The
Pirate Bay or MegaUpload are constantly blocked in Turkey. Myspace has been
recently blocked and, for a temporary period of time even Farmville, the
game offered by Zynga.com through Facebook was also blocked based on an
administrative decision because Zynga promotes gambling through some of its
social games. Two other sites related to the largest gay community in Turkey
were blocked the same day and it seems the sites intend to challenge the
Since May 2009, TIB has decided not to publish any statistics or details
related to the websites blocked on the basis of Law No. 5651 which as Dr.
Akdeniz says is "a step backwards and in the absence of information,
openness, and transparency".
At least 6000 websites censored from Turkey (22.09.2009)
Unblock The Banned Websites In Turkey Petition (28.09.2009)
EDRi-gram: Turkey: Another blocking order against YouTube (3.12.2008)
4. Deja-vu: France's three-strikes law referred to Constitutional Council
As expected, on 28 September 2009  the socialist group of the French
National Assembly submitted their referral to the Constitutional Council
against the second version of the three strikes law (so-called Hadopi 2)
passed in September through both chambers of the French Parliament.
The text of the referral, obtained exclusively by Liberation, challenges the
law article by article. The main argument supported by the socialist group
against the law is the non-observance by the Assembly of the "procedural
guarantees regarding the sanctions involved", meaning the right to a fair
trial, right to defense, presumption of innocence etc. Other arguments are
some of those which caused the rejection of the first version of the law,
Hadopi 1, by the Constitutional Council in June 2009, such as the
sanctioning of a user for negligence.
Another anti-constitutional provision is related to the simplified procedure
chosen by the government in the application of sanctions. According to the
French Criminal Code, "the public ministry can appeal to the simplified
procedure only when it results from the police enquiry that the deeds the
defendant is investigated for are established". A simple IP address sent by
HADOPI authority to the judge is not enough to prove the facts the user is
accused of. The procedure looks more like an administrative procedure,
putting the judge in the position of just approving an already taken
The Constitutional Council has a month to take its decision on the matter.
Hadopi 2: the appeal to the Constitutional Council submitted on Friday (only
in French, 24.09.2009)
Hadopi-2 goes to Constitutional Council
Hadopi 2: Exclusively, the referral submitted to the Constitutional Council
(only in French, 28.09.2009)
EDRi-gram: The French Constitutional Council censures the 3 strikes law
5. France wants to filter online gambling sites
draft law on opening the competition and regulation of online gambling
sector. The text foresees the creation of a similar authority to that of
HADOPI, called ARJEL that would order the filtering of the gambling sites
considered to operate illegally.
Although in a first version of the draft law ARJEL was referring to a judge
for the blocking of the site, now, in order to expedite the procedure, the
present text gives the authority the direct right to impose filtering of
websites to ISPs.
ARJEL is meant to operate in a similar way to HADOPI. The authority will
address the non-authorised gambling sites asking them to observe the
interdiction and giving them 8 days to present their observations. In case
of non-compliance, the authority may order the banning of the service. The
authority can act upon any claim made by any natural or legal person.
The text says nothing about the filtering methods to be used or the way to
make public or update the list of sites to be blocked and no reference is
made to the costs incurred by blocking the sites. Deputy Lionel Tardy and
the socialist group have submitted an amendment to the text by which they
require the filtering modalities to be specified by the law as well as the
modalities to compensate the costs supported by operators. The group also
asks for the reintroduction of the initial legal procedure, where a judge is
the one who takes the decision regarding blocking the websites.
La Quadrature du Net warns that not only filtering sites is entirely
inefficient but it is also a dangerous measure as it may just be a precedent
allowing for an extention from gambling sites to other types of sites later
on, opening the door to limitations of the freedom of expression and
bringing forth the risk of censoring the Internet. There is also the risk of
blocking other sites than the targeting ones which may happen when access to
a site is blocked especially if this is done based on their IP address.
Another serious issue is that ARJEL as administrative authority is given the
power to direclty filter sites, which is unconstitutional.
As it happened in case of Hadopi, la Quadrature du Net encourages the
citizens to contact their deputies and convince them to stop Internet
Online gambling: The Assembly asked to vote for Net filtering (only in
French, 5.10.2009)
Blocking a site is to limit access to the Internet (only in French,
Online gambling: Filtering the Net on 7 October in the Assembly (only in
French, 5.10.2009)
Draft project: Economy: online gambling- Preliminary works of the National
Assembly - First reading (only in French)
Draft Law N0 1549 - National Assembly - on the openness to competition and
the regulation of online gambling (only in French, 30.03.2009)
6. The Pirate Bay may be banned in Italy
An appeal won on 24 September 2008 against the decision of the Italian court
enforced on 10 August 2008 ordering the seizure of The Pirate Bay (TPB) in
Italy, has been reversed by the Italian Court of Cassation.
The Order of the Justice for preliminary investigation of the Court of
Bergamo issued on in August 2008 was asking for the "seizure" of the
PirateBay website for displaying links to allegedly illegal duplicated
material and was forcing Italian ISPs to block the access to that site.
Following the EDRi-member ALCEI report to the Italian Data Protection
Authority showing violations of the law in the seizure order, the Bergamo
Criminal Court overruled the seizure but only on a procedural basis. Now the
Italian Court of Cassation has addmitted the recourse of the Bergamo
Prosecutors and has decided to send back the case to the first comptent
TPB can once again be blocked in Italy, to the satisfaction of FIMI, the
major representative body of the Italian record labels which, early this
year, together with anti-piracy organisation FPM, filed a 1 million euro
damages lawsuit against the site on behalf of the Italian music industry.
In the meantime in Sweden, in TPB's appeal case against the ruling from
April 2009, judge Fredrik Niemeld has been disqualified by the Appeal
Court from the hearing planned for November 2009 for holding stock options
in Spotify digital music service.
Italian Appeals Court Rules against Pirate Bay (1.10.2009)
Cassation: The un-seizure of TPB is revised (only in Italian, 30.09.2009)
Baia, the judge takes sides. But with whom? (only in Italian, 30.09.2009)
EDRi-gram: An update on the Italian PirateBay case (8.08.2009)
7. Paris Court of Appeals on a GPL - related case
The Paris Court of Appeals published in September 2009 its decision on a
case that involved the distribution of the VNC Software, remote desktop
access software available under GPL GNU licence.
The case was brought forward by AFPA (Association for professional education
of adults) against Edu4, a commercial company. Edu4 won a contract in
2000 that foreseen the delivery of a software solution to AFPA. The
Association discovered that VNC was distributed with this equipment
without providing the source code or keeping the licence notices.
Free Software Foundation France presented the case like a landmark ruling
and stated: "Companies distributing the software have been given a strong
reminder that the license's terms are enforceable under French law. And
users in France can rest assured that, if need be, they can avail themselves
of the legal system to see violations addressed and their rights respected."
Unfortunately, the case is merely a contractual dispute between the two
parties that did not involve the GPL licence as such. Also, the court did
not specifically address the enforceability of the GPL Licence.
As the lawyer Martin von Willebrand explains on his blog "Not a single
claim (by either party), as cited in the court's decision, is based on GPL
license, any interpretation of GPL as a contract or any copyright. The
decision cites GPL license a number of times, mostly to describe
VNC-software and also partly related to the discussion whether it was
allowed or not to include free software into the outcome of the project."
The court decision considered that " Edu4 has failed to fullfil its
contractual obligations delivering in December 2001 (...) a product which,
on the one hand, created privacy risks for EOF users and, on the other hand,
did not satisfy the terms of the GNU GPL licence, as Edu4 had replaced by
its own copyright the original VNC's copyright notices regarding the
ownership of the two files and the text of the licence."
Thus, this case can't be considered a landmark ruling, with the GPL licence
playing a side role in the context of the entire case. However, it is worth
underlining that "the court habitually considers the software licensed under
the terms of GNU GPL and attaches legal significance to the terms" as von
Willebrand concludes.
Paris Court of Appeals condemns Edu4 for violating the GNU General Public
License (22.09.2009)
Recent Court Decision in Paris (referred as Paris GPL case) (1.10.2009)
Court decision - Cour d'Appel de Paris, Ptle 5, Chambre 10, no: 294, (only
in French, 16.09.2009)
8. US gives up its unilateral supervision powers over ICANN
In a movement welcomed by the European Commission, the US have announced
they would become more open in Internet governance and give up their
dominant position in the supervision of the Internet Corporation for
Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), the body created in 1998, responsible
with the global management of the internet domain names and addresses.
A recent statement co-signed by US Communication and Information
Administration and ICANN stated the "commitment to a multi-stakeholder,
private sector-led, bottom-up policy development model for the domain name
and addressing system (DNS)" and that "A private coordinating process, the
outcomes of which reflect the public interest, is best able to flexibly meet
the changing needs of the Internet and of Internet users." According to
Massimiliano Minisci from ICANN this actually means that "the political
responsibility of the Internet moves from the US to the global community"
which includes governments, civil society, companies and experts from all
over the world.
Since 2005, the US have been largely criticised for their dominant position
in ICANN and strongly pressured by the European Commission to be more open
and loose its tight grips on Internet governance. In a speech made on 4 May
2009, Commissioner Viviane Reding made an appeal to president Obama to
reform the US position in Internet governance.
"I trust that President Obama will have the courage, the wisdom and the
respect for the global nature of the Internet to pave the way in September
for a new, more accountable, more transparent, more democratic and more
multilateral form of Internet governance," said Reding at that time when she
proposed a large reform of the Internet governance including "an independent
judicial body" and "a multilateral forum for governments to discuss policy
and security issues" related to the Internet. She proposed the forum to be
structured as a G12, with two representatives from Europe, North America,
South America, Africa and Asia, one from Oceania, and the chairman of ICANN
as a non-voting member.
Starting with 30 September, the "Joint Project Agreement" in the US,
presently ensuring a unilateral supervision of ICANN's decision by the US
Department of Commerce will be replaced by a joint "affirmation of
commitments" of the US Government and of ICANN.
Reding expressed her satisfaction for the US's present decision considering
that ICANN's decisions related to domain names and addresses can now be
"more independent and more accountable, taking into account everyone's
interests". She stated that ICANN's performances would be periodically
evaluated by external review panels. The panels will be appointed jointly by
ICANN and ICANN's Governmental Advisory Committee which is open to
governments and public authorities from all around the world and advises the
ICANN Board on public policy aspects.
The Swedish EU Presidency considers the US announcement as "an important
moment in the process towards the increased internationalisation of ICANN's
coordination and management of the Internet DNS".
EU hails US move to open up Internet governance (2.10.2009)
European Commission welcomes US move to more independent, accountable,
international internet governance (30.09.2009)
Reding attacks US rule over Internet governance (6.05.2009)
9. ENDitorial: Amendment 138-EP asked to choose between democracy and defeat
The opening meeting of the informal conciliation discussions between the
Council and European Parliament (EP) has taken place. This process was
largely brought about by the Parliament's overwhelming rejection of a
"compromise" proposal with regard to the famous "amendment 138" text in May
of this year.
The Council of Ministers' current proposal is for the Parliament to
unconditionally overturn its current position and accept the text that it
previously rejected.
As a result, the debate has become wider than "simply" the wording of one
paragraph of a piece of telecoms legislation. Instead, it is now a question
of the credibility of the Parliament as an institution and as a truly equal
partner in the legislative process. Consequently, the parliamentarians in
the Conciliation Committee are faced with a very stark choice between a
defeat, whose consequences for the Parliament will extend far beyond the
telecom package, or defending the democratic choices it has already made:
Parliamentarians can choose to accept the Council's text. If they do so:
1. This will establish a new benchmark for inter-institutional
negotiations, suggesting that any Parliament vote of any size on any dossier
is vulnerable to being abandoned at a later stage in the decision-making
process. This can only serve to durably weaken the Parliament's negotiating
2. They are laying the Parliament open to the accusation that they were
being pro-consumer before the elections and now betraying the trust of
citizens by taking an opposite position after the elections.
3. They are giving up the mandate that the previous vote gave them to
accept a Council position for which no coherent justification has ever been
On the other hand, the Parliament can demand that the Council (finally)
explain its motives for opposing amendment 138, thereby fulfilling a key
role that a parliament is supposed to play - demanding an adequate level of
coherent and transparent decision-making from other institutions.
For the moment, the arguments being used by the Council vary from the
obviously weak to the simply far-fetched. According to sources in the
negotiations, the Council has suggested, for example, that it cannot allow
consumers an unconditional right to a prior judgement by a judicial body
because of the need to protect networks from attacks.
Telecoms Package - Wikipedia
List of MEPs on the Conciliation Committee:
(contribution from Joe McNamee - EDRi)
10. Recommended Reading
European Association for the Defense of Human Rights: Human Rights must be
the cornerstone, not just a reference, of the Stockholm Programme
Association Europienne pour la difense des Droits de l'Homme: Les droits de
l'Homme doivent jtre le socle du Programme de Stockholm et non une simple
rifirence (7.10.2009)
11. Agenda
10 October 2009, Dublin, Ireland
2019 AC: After Copyright
Keynote discussion with Anna Troberg, Swedish Pirate Party
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24 October 2009, Zurich, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
26-27 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
26 October 2009, Brussels, Belgium
European Commission - Public hearing on orphan works
29 October 2009, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars, the biggest free culture event of all times, 2nd edition
29 October - 1 November 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum: Organization and Action
3 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
Civil Society Conference: "Global Privacy Standards in a Global World"
Organized by "The Public Voice" coalition
4-6 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
31st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
10-11 November 2009, Cambridge, UK
Public Domain Calculators Meeting
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
19-20 November 2009, Malmv, Sweden
First popular European e-government conference
27-30 December 2009, Berlin, Germany
26th Chaos Communication Congress
Deadline for submissions: 9 October 2009
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-10-21 20:12:17
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.20, 21 October 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.20, 21 October 2009
1. EDRI Open Letter to the EP on Amendment 138
2. Romania: Data retention law declared unconstitutional
3. France pushes the introduction of EDVIGE project through the back door
4. Web blocking gets a reality check
5. Buma/Stemra imposes levy for embedding audio and video
6. Copyright in the digital environment
7. The European Commission calls for online privacy protection measures
8. Microsoft tries to comply with EU requirements
9. Finland: Introducing Internet broadband as a universal service
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. EDRI Open Letter to the EP on Amendment 138
EDRi sent the following open letter to all the members of the European
Parliament (EP) on 19 October 2009 asking for a continuos support for the
citizens' rights by not giving up on Amendment 138 in the Telecoms Package.
To the Members of the European Parliament,
European Digital Rights is an association of 29 privacy and civil rights
organisations based in 18 European countries and active across the European
Union. As an association whose focus is on protecting the civil rights of
online citizens, we have serious concerns about the possible abandonment of
the core meaning of the so-called "Amendment 138" in the Telecoms Package.
We believe that this would not just create lasting damage for the rights of
European citizens, but it would also durably damage the credibility and
institutional power of the European Parliament.
Citizens' Rights
The purpose of Amendment 138 is to protect the fundamental rights of
citizens to freedom of expression and communication, to privacy and to due
process of law. It also protects the development of democratic culture on
the Internet. The fact that the Council is aware of current and planned
activities in Member States that will undermine or do already undermine
these principles should further convince Parliamentarians of the need to
defend the principles in Amendment 138. Even if, and it is far from evident
that this is the case, the Council can argue convincingly that there are
certain exceptional circumstances where communications must be limited for
the purposes and urgency required by the European Convention on Human
Rights, such limitations should remain the exception in a democratic
society, while the rights defended in Amendment 138 must constitute the
rule. This must be reflected in the Telecoms Package.
Furthermore, failure to protect EU citizens will not only undermine their
rights, but will be used in less democratic countries to victimise
individuals, justified with the excuse that this is "EU policy".
Parliament Powers
The Parliament now has the chance to protect citizens' rights and fully
perform its institutional function within the European legislative process.
A capitulation faced with the unacceptably inflexible, legally dubious and
democratically deficient approach of the Council would inflict lasting
damage on the Parliament.
What trust can voters have in an institution that will overwhelmingly
support citizens' rights before an election only to abandon them immediately
afterwards? What credibility will the Parliament have in future
inter-institutional negotiations when it is prepared to abandon a position
it supported twice with such an overwhelming majority? What authority will
be left once the Parliament loses this crucial battle with the Council?
Could there be a worse moment to fail so completely on an issue of such
importance, at the historic moment when the institution is being entrusted
with a greatly increased scope of codecision powers under the Lisbon Treaty?
For the sake of the rule of law, for the sake of European citizens and for
the sake of the only democratically elected European Institution, we urge
you to take whatever actions you can to defend the principles in Amendment
138. In particular, we urge you to support the principle that, unless
exceptional circumstances render this impossible, citizens are entitled to a
prior judgment before any measure is taken to limit their fundamental right
to freedom of communication.
EDRi Open letter to EP on the European Parliament (19.10.2009)
French version
See also
BEUC: Open letter from European Consumers to The Conciliation Committee on
Telecom Package - Maintain the Current Amendment 138: Protect consumers'
fundamental rights on the Internet
EuroISPA: European Parliament should maintain its defence of citizens'
Fundamental Rights (16.10.2009)
Greens/EFA call on EU Parliament to stick to its principles (16.10.2009)
 at en.htm
2. Romania: Data retention law declared unconstitutional
The Romanian Constitutional Court (CCR) announced on 7 October 2009 that it
took the decision to consider unconstitutional the Romanian implementation
of the data retention directive.
The Romanian data retention law has been in force since the beginning of
2009, but it received a lot of bad press reviews, as reported by EDRi-gram
at the beginning of the year. Several NGOs declared that they would contest
the law. An initial appeal of the civil society to the Ombudsman was not
successful, since the Ombudsman did not consider the law as unconstitutional
and therefore he declared that he would not ask the opinion of the
Constitutional Court.
The case that was decided by the Constitutional Court in October 2008 was
initiated by a Romanian NGO, Civil Society Commissariat, which sued its
mobile operator for keeping the traffic data according to the new law on
data retention 298/2008. The lawsuit brought to the Bucharest Tribunal was
just a pretext to raise, during the trial, a motion for the law's
unconstitutionality - so that CCR would give its opinion of the data
retention law.
CCR has accepted the motion for law's unconstitutionality through decision
1258/2009, based on the breach of article 28 of the Romanian Constitution,
which stipulates the secrecy of correspondence. Other articles invoked were
articles 25, 26 and 30 which deal with freedom of movement, privacy and
freedom of expression respectively.
Unfortunately, it could take some time to see the motivation of the CCR and
therefore to asses the real potential of this breakthrough decision. It
might take even one month to get the official text published in the Official
Monitor. In any case, the decision of the CCR is final and can't be
The court is the only authority of constitutional jurisdiction in Romania,
independent of any other public authority. It is formed by nine judges,
appointed for a nine-year term. Its members are renewed by one third every
three years. The court is known for its low number of cases admitted as
unconstitutional.  In 2008 there were only 18 cases fully admitted, out of
almost 1400 motions raised in the regular courts.
The Ministry of Communication and Information Society was quick to declare
that it informed the European Commission about the new situation and that
they might re-draft the law in order to avoid the constitutionality issues.
But the problems could be more complicated for the executive if the decision
of the CCR declares unconstitutional the entire law or article 1 which
stipulates the purpose of the law.
The decision also comes in a rather restless political and social period
that might have influenced the CCR outcome and could further on have an
impact on the way in  which the Government will deal with this case. But for
now, there is no stable government in place, with the former one being
repealed by the Parliament on 13 October and a new one under formation these
Romanian constitution
Romania's Constitutional Court Rules Data Storage Law Unconstitutional
Waw: Constitutional Court declared the law on data retention
unconstitutional (only in Romanian, 8.10.2009)
Romanian authorities seek solutions for the data retention law (only in
Romanian, 9.10.2009)
Statistical situation of the Romanian Constitutional Court Acts
The Ombudsman will not address the CCR regarding the data retention law
(only in Romanian, 10.02.2009)
EDRi-gram: Romania: Is really privacy a topic in the public debate?
3. France pushes the introduction of EDVIGE project through the back door
The French Government produced two new decrees published in the Official
Journal on 18 October 2009 which actually resurrect the rejected EDVIGE plan
to create an intelligence database with personal data.
By-passing the French Parliament, the Minister of Interior Brice Hortefeux
introduced the two new decrees by practically splitting the former EDVIGE
decree which was withdrawn by the Government at the end of 2008, thus
creating two clones of the rejected project, as EDRi-member IRIS (Imaginons
un riseau Internet solidaire) explains.
One of the texts is meant as a tool for the police to prevent harm to public
safety, to "collect, store and analyze information concerning persons whose
individual or collective activity indicates that it may jeopardize public
safety." Under the pretext of preventing harms to the
public security, the data collected may include complete personal data
ranging from nationality, profession, address or telephone numbers to
physical signs, travel behaviours or geographic origin. And this is not all
as the database will include also information on people who have come into
contact or relation with persons deemed susceptible of performing a criminal
The file is related to the public security and has nothing to do with
national security or terrorism. IRIS explains this is just a
disproportionate and illegal mean for the government to deal with petty and
medium delinquency. Moreover the data will be stored for everybody starting
with 13 years old. For minors, the retention period is limited to three
years as compared to a 10-year retention period for all the others.
The other text introduces a file of administrative investigations. It
includes personal data of citizens starting with the age of 16 (the official
age at which one person can be employed) in order to check out whether a
person's behaviour is compatible with the tasks he is entrusted with, for
some sensitive jobs, like those in the security field. Data including
political, religious, philosophical and union information with be stored for
a minimum of 5 years.
Despite the obvious concerns related to the gathering of so many sensitive
data, the main subject of opposition is the so called "geographic origin"
which actually is a masked way of gathering information related to the
ethnic origin. "Replacing the ethnical criterion with that of geographic
origin is to take us as morons" stated Samuel Thomas, Vice-president of SOS
CRAN (The council representing the black associations of France) also
expressed its concern related to the geographic origin reference that they
consider only a way to go round the interdiction of making reference to the
ethnical origin and asked Hortefeux to remove any such reference from the
The only guarantee given by the government is that CNIL (The French Data
Protection Authority), which has already approved the two texts, will have
the control over the two databases but, according to the critics, this is
not very reassuring.
The "humour" of the Ministry of Interior of signing the two texts on 16
October, Saint Edwige's day didn't pass unnoticed. The "No to EDVIGE" group
publicly declared its decision to continue its fight against the two split
variants of EDVIGE project, including by starting mobilizing people against
it and to file appeals to the State Council.
No to EDVIGE, no its these two clones! IRIS release (only in French,
Two decrees recreate the EDVIGE Decree (20.10.2009)
"The Police needs files" (only in French, 18.10.2009)
Hortefeux creates two new police files (only in French, 18.10.2009)
Brice Hortefeux Hedwig resuscitated with 2 decrees published in OJ
A new version of Edvige? Clones of the previous text (only in French,
EDRi-gram: France: No to new EDVIGE! (1.07.2009)
4. Web blocking gets a reality check
In the negotiations surrounding the formation of a new conservative-liberal
coalition in Germany following the recent elections, an agreement has been
reached to postpone, for at least a year, the introduction of web blocking.
As the law has already been adopted, the procedure by which the law will be
stopped from entering into force has not yet been decided. Coincidentally,
the UK government decided also not to introduce mandatory blocking to force
the remaining consumer ISPs to follow the "voluntary" blocking already
undertaken by the major ISPs in that country.
In Germany, the plan is to use the existing legislation in order to remove
as much illegal material as possible from the Internet. After an initial
12-month trial, this approach will be reevaluated. It remains very unclear,
however, on what criteria the re-evaluation may take place. The approaches
of the two coalition partners on this issue are very different, with the
liberal FDP steadfastly opposed to blocking during the election campaign,
while the blocking legislation was pushed by the conservative CDU Minister
von der Leyen. By default, therefore, the approaches and interpretations
that will be taken on the "re-evaluation" will also most probably be
The decision to prioritise the removal of child abuse images from the
Internet was criticised by organisations whose purpose is to protect
children, including Unicef. Unicef's press release explains that blocking is
necessary because takedown of illegal sites is "not possible" in "foreign"
countries. However, the organisation does not find it necessary to criticise
or name any of the major countries which leave images of child abuse online
rather than removing them. This is particularly surprising when we consider
that all countries in the world, with the exception of the USA (which has
signed the Optional Protocol on Child Pornography) and Somalia have signed
and ratified the binding UN Child Rights Convention which requires state
parties to take all appropriate national, bilateral and international
measures to prevent the exploitative use of children in pornographic
performances and materials.
No internet censorship in Germany for the next year (18.10.2009)
Home Office backs down on net censorship laws (16.10.2009)
German Internet Blocking Bill Suspended (18.10.2009)
UNICEF: Priority for Child! Access barriers are an important step - Further
action needed (16.10.2009)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
5. Buma/Stemra imposes levy for embedding audio and video
Dutch collecting society Buma/Stemra announced that it will impose a
levy on Internet users for embedding audio- and videomaterial on
their website, starting 1 January 2010. The levy starts at EUR 130 for
the first six embedded links per website per year. The rules could
affect small bloggers and users of social network-sites such as
As the rules were legally questionable and did not sufficiently
take into account the interests of internet users and Dutch musicians,
Buma's announcement immediately led to protests in the blogosphere and
on Twitter. Dutch digital rights organisation Bits of Freedom drafted a
letter to Buma/Stemra, assisted by numerous concerned internet users
through text annotation website co-ment.net, calling for a revision
of the rules. Bits of Freedom then handed its letter over to the CEO of
Buma/Stemra. Meanwhile, Dutch politicians further questioned the rules
in Parliament.
Three days later, on 9 october 2009, Buma/Stemra responded to the
criticism by stating that it would for now not apply its rules to
non-commercial use. Bits of Freedom responded the same day, questioning
the definition of non-commercial use by Buma/Stemra. Indeed, on 14
october Buma/Stemra revealed that even one advertisement on a website
would be considered 'commercial use'. Bits of Freedom continues its
efforts to defend communication freedom in relation to these
controversial measures by Buma/Stemra.
Brochure Buma/Stemra Digital Music Licences (only in Dutch
Letter Bits of Freedom to Buma/Stemra (only in Dutch, 6.10.2009)
NOS eight o'clock news report (only in Dutch, 7.10.2009)
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom - Netherlands)
6. Copyright in the digital environment
During the 1st European Innovation Summit that was held on 12 - 16 October
2009 at the European Parliament in Brussels, a workshop on the future of
Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) in Europe included a panel to debate the
subject of the IPRs in the new digital environment.
In the introduction it was asserted that national copyright laws are no
longer adapted to the digital environment, that old business models have
failed to produce results, that DRMs have been rejected by the consumers and
that the issue now at stake is how to adapt to new business models.
Professor Hugenholtz (IvIR, University of Amsterdam) said that licensing had
been impacted heavily by the territorial nature of copyright. The only
effective way forward is to create truly harmonising copyright regulation,
as has been done for trademarks already. The problem of exceptions and
limitations also needs to be effectively rethought.
Antoine Aubert (Google) repeated the point that the current exceptions and
limitations regime needed to be reviewed. He explained that the current
70-year copyright terms was too long. Google's priorities have been to
ensure that content can find its audience in the digital world and that
rights owners get value for their contents.
Malte Behrmann (European Gaming Developers Federation) described how games
developers had profited from the Internet to reduce the number of
intermediaries in their path to the market. The online games industry has
quickly adapted to the digital challenges and has developed a variety of
business models. As a result, piracy is not an important issue and the games
industry therefore does not support extreme solutions for copyright
enforcement. He encouraged the film and music industry to follow the example
of his industry.
Giancarlo Miglioro (MrGoodIDEA) said that the issue of finance was missing
in the debate on the future of IPR. He said that major companies saw
intellectual property as a major asset and trade in it.
Francisco Mingorance (Business Software Alliance) said that the adoption of
the Hadopi law in France had demonstrated that technology was neutral and
can be used efficiently to enforce copyright without any risk to people's
privacy. There should be a focus on adopting codes of conduct for IPR
enforcement, with ISPs responsible for monitoring and enforcement.
Christian Engstrom, MEP (Greens/EFA (Pirate Party), Sweden) said that his
party was pro-copyright but also pro-reform and pro-adaptation to the
digital age. He argued for a 5-year term of protection and that all
non-commercial uses should be free of copyright.
Professor Hugenholz reminded participants that adjustments to the copyright
term should comply with the international treaties and five years could not
be acceptable. However, the recent proposal of the Commission to nearly
double the term of protection for related rights has failed to provide
evidence as to the need for such a long term.
Margot Froehlinger defended that proposal by pointing out that it had been
accompanied with an impact assessment and that the Commission's aim had been
to help performers. She warned against the criterion of "commercial
infringement" and gave the example of somebody copying a film and putting it
online without wanting to make a profit but doing so simply as a hobby.
1st European Innovation Summit
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
7. The European Commission calls for online privacy protection measures
On 8 October 2009 the European Commission (EC) repeated its call to all EU
member states to increase their efforts in dealing with online privacy
threats to the public, such as spam, spyware and malware, based on findings
from a study required by the Commission.
The study performed by time.lex "Study on activities undertaken to address
threats that undermine the confidence in the Information Society, such as
spam, spyware and malicious software", which includes assessments of
progress in each EU country, shows the need of legislative improvements,
more consistent enforcement rules and sanctions and better cross-border
cooperation in the domain.
"Today's figures show that several EU countries are doing more to enforce
online privacy rules. However, spam is an area where we can and must improve
for the benefit of internet users in the EU ," said Viviane Reding, EU
Commissioner for Information Society and Media who added that "Although
since 2002, European law has prohibited spam and spyware, on average 65% of
EU citizens are still affected by spam on a regular basis. We need to step
up our fight against spammers and make sure that the EU adopts legislation
that provides for strong civil and criminal sanctions against spammers. I
call on EU countries to reinforce their national efforts to fight on-line
privacy threats such as spam, spyware and malicious software."
The study reveals that there are large differences in the way the member
states enforce regulations and apply sanctions for spammers and recommends a
more successful approach in fighting online threats that should involve a
combination of prevention, enforcement and raising public awareness (as
proposed also by Critical Information Infrastructure Protection policy).
"Public authorities (such as telecoms regulators, data protection and
consumer agencies and law enforcement
bodies) must have clear responsibilities and cooperation procedures between
themselves; while public and private sector must also work together." In
order to achieve that, EU countries should provide sufficient resources to
national authorities so that they may gather evidence, carry out
investigations and built prosecution in this field.
The findings also show that the level of cooperation also differs between EU
countries and indicates that as spam is a global problem, there is the need
for a closer cooperation with the EU as well as worldwide.
More action needed to fight spammers and protect online privacy, says
Commission report (8.10.2009)
Study on activities undertaken to address threats that undermine confidence
in the Information Society, such as spam, spyware and malicious software -
Spam and spyware study SMART 2008/0013 Final Report - (2.10.2009)
Critical Information Infrastructure Protection - a new initiative in 2009
8. Microsoft tries to comply with EU requirements
After having long criticised and penalised Microsoft for its
anti-competitive practices, the European Union seems to be now at the point
of trying to close up the battle with the company after Microsoft has made a
new offer to give its customers access to a wider range of web browsers
through its Windows operating system and to share information with its
"The commission will formally market test proposals made by Microsoft to
address concerns regarding the tying of Internet Explorer to the Windows PC
operating system," said the EU's competition commissioner Neelie Kroes who
also expressed the idea that a at a preliminary view it appears that
"Microsoft's commitments would indeed address our concerns."
Microsoft's last proposal in July to give a choice screen that would allow
consumers to pick from several browsers was not considered good enough and
the European Commission (EC) asked for improvements. After intense
discussions with the EC and with feedback from the industry, the present
proposal gives a choice of 12 browsers and also addresses the other topic of
concern, interoperability, by offering an exchange of information with other
software companies.
However, the new proposal is not considered as good by everybody. FSFE (Free
Software Foundation Europe) believes that, being close to the end of her
mandate, Ms Kroes is rushing in closing up a deal with Microsoft that serves
the company and not the EU.
FSFE argues that the solution proposed by Microsoft is tricky as the
browsers offered as alternative are not pre-installed but must be
downloaded. As many time downloading may be slow or even failing, depending
on the connection, many people will prefer to just use Microsoft Internet
Explorer (IE) as it will be much easier. In the foundation's opinion,
Microsoft should pre-install alternative browsers and "any browser that the
user chooses needs to be integrated into the Windows operating system to the
same degree that IE is integrated today." FSFE also believes that the
settlement between the EC and Microsoft should not be limited to Europe, as
the company proposed, but apply globally.
As regarding the interoperability, the foundation argues that what is
Microsoft offering now is only the interoperability information that is
impossible to use in Free Software. What FSFE considers necessary is "a
binding commitment from Microsoft to provide and update interoperability
information on terms that are compatible with Free Software. This has to be
a legally binding document, and needs to include guarantees as well as clear
remedies if Microsoft fails to comply."
The European Committee for Interoperable Systems also consider the
settlement "does not appear to deal with the inadequacies of Microsoft's
standards compliance, unfair pricing practices or other concerns related to
patent abuse or standards manipulation".
Microsoft's present proposal will be marked tested for one month period
during which the industry and consumers may submit suggestions for further
changes. Following the trial month, the Commission may decide to make
Microsoft's commitment legally binding for five years and in that case,
during this period, no action will be brought against Microsoft related to
In the meantime, the company is close to releasing in Europe its new
browser - Windows 7 - that launches on 22 October worldwide. But not without
In a recent press release, FSFE warns that "Microsoft's latest operating
system, Windows 7, is currently shipping with a potentially serious defect.
Ahead of the product's global launch on Thursday, Germany's federal IT
security agency (BSI) has issued a warning about a high-risk vulnerability
in the SMB2 protocol. This can be exploited over the network to shut down a
computer with a Denial of Service (DoS) attack."
EU approves new Microsoft pledges (7.10.2009)
FSFE to EC: Don't waste an opportunity with a hasty deal (28.09.2009)
Antitrust: Commission welcomes new Microsoft proposals on Microsoft Internet
Explorer and Interoperability (24.07.2009)
Microsoft browser battle draws to a close (8.10.2009)
Microsoft and Europe Near Browser Truce (8.10.2009)
Windows 7 to hit consumers with known security problem (19.10.2009)
EDRi-gram: Windows 7 is launched without IE, but the Commission is not
pleased (17.06.2009)
9. Finland: Introducing Internet broadband as a universal service
According to a decree issued by the Finish Ministry of Transport and
Communications, starting with 1 July 2010, a 1 Mbit Internet connection will
be defined as a requirement of the Universal Service. Thus, Finland becomes
the first country in the world to make access to broadband Internet a legal
The decree states that by the end of 2009, the Finnish Communications
Regulatory Authority will establish which of the telecom operators will be
imposed this universal service obligation. The designated universal service
providers will have to be able to provide access for all residential or
business users, at a reasonable price, to a high-quality connection of at
least 1 Mbit/s. The providers may choose themselves the technology used to
provide the service. The average speed of downstream traffic must be at
least 75 per cent of the required speed in a 24 hour period. While in a four
hour measuring period the average speed must be at least 59 per cent of the
required speed.
Ms Suvi Lindin, Finland's Minister of Communications, believes that high
speed access to everybody will improve people's quality of life especially
in the less populated areas, will boost business, enable electronic
communications and encourage online banking.
Finland is already amongst the first countries in the world from the point
of view of access to Internet connection. According to Laura Vilkkonen, the
legislative counselor for the Ministry of Transport and Communications,
about 95 percent of the population have some sort of Internet access. She
also stated that the one-megabit requirement is only an intermediary step as
the target is to reach speeds of up to 100 megabit per second for all by
"We think it's something you cannot live without in modern society. Like
banking services or water or electricity, you need Internet connection,"
Vilkkonen said.
Access to a minimum of 1 Mbit Internet connection available to everyone in
Finland by July 2010 (16.10.2009)
Finland makes broadband access a legal right (14.10.2009)
Fast Internet access becomes a legal right in Finland (15.10.2009)
10. Recommended Reading
Law enforcement access to EURODAC: EDPS expresses serious doubts about the
legitimacy and necessity of proposed measures  (7.10.2009)
Press release
Opinion on Eurodac
Communication on Copyright in the Knowledge Economy (19/10/2009)
Press release
Citizens Summary
11. Agenda
24 October 2009, Zurich, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
26-27 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
26 October 2009, Brussels, Belgium
European Commission - Public hearing on orphan works
29 October 2009, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars, the biggest free culture event of all times, 2nd edition
29 October - 1 November 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum: Organization and Action
3 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
Civil Society Conference: "Global Privacy Standards in a Global World"
Organized by "The Public Voice" coalition
4-6 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
31st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
10-11 November 2009, Cambridge, UK
Public Domain Calculators Meeting
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
19-20 November 2009, Malmv, Sweden
First popular European e-government conference
27-30 December 2009, Berlin, Germany
26th Chaos Communication Congress
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-09-09 20:17:50
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.17, 9 September 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.17, 9 September 2009
1. European Commission hearing on Google Books Settlement
2. Stockholm Programme moves quickly towards adoption
3. A new SWIFT agreement under negotiation between EU and USA
4. Google News investigated for alleged discrimination in Italy
5. Telecom Package - All sides poised for the final battles
6. Consultation on how to operate EU's digital library
7. ICO takes action against personal data losses in UK
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. European Commission hearing on Google Books Settlement
The EU Google Books hearing highlighted some very serious concerns
with the settlement, but mainly from a rights holder point of view.
The hearing itself addressed two quite distinct sets of issues;
firstly concerns of EU rights holders with the USA agreement, and how
they feel their rights are affected by that agreement. The aim for
these speakers was to push the EU to uphold their exclusive rights
under copyright, which they feel have been infringed, particularly by
scanning and also by making works available without prior consent.
Works where EU rights holders are not found may fall into this category.
The second set of issues however should be more important for EU
legislators: how to make books available for search and sale in
Europe. The paths forward on this are less easy, but it appears that
some sort of reform to allow the exploitation of 'orphan works' is
seen as a strong likelihood.
What seems less likely is an exception for scanning, search and
indexing of published copyright content. Yet this may be the best
answer to competition questions, by allowing a clearer path for new
services to use copyright content, perhaps including video, audio and
music in the future.
Similar questions may be raised around collective licensing
agreements. Very little was said about the national nature of
copyright, or about attempting to allow pan-European licensing, which
has been a severe barrier to music services in the EU.
Competition was raised as a concern, but genuine changes that might
allow competitors to develop were not discussed in depth compared with
the many voices from rights holders with varying levels of concern
about loss of control, and violation of international copyright.
On the wider questions of academic use, many questions were not
answered. There was a similar story with privacy issues. These are
social questions, which need the application of social values from
civil society and politicians. Privacy for the data produced by such a
fundamental service may need to be better defined in law. From that
point of view, the number of MEPs attending was disappointing low, as
was the number of consumer groups speaking.
The major civil society voice was that of librarians, who had
important points to make. Worries were raised about preservation of
content in the event of Google's demise and the current ability of
researchers to analyse the data that Google has collected. They argued
that copyright limitations must stand above contracts. Librarians made
strong points about the need for reading habits to be kept private.
They argued for the need of developing countries to be able to access
the information that has been accumulated.
While Google Books is very contentious between those whose rights are
affected, the wider questions of availability and access to knowledge
were only really addressed by librarians and ORG in the hearing. It
was apparent that some changes to copyright law may be sought, but
they are likely to be the minimum needed to allow this particular type
of service to develop, rather than something wide enough to liberate a
fuller range of opportunities for people wanting to use copyright
works and contribute to the EU's economy.
Open Rights Group's speech on to European Commission hearing on Google Books
Settlement (7.09.2009)
"It is time for Europe to turn over a new e-leaf on digital books and
copyright". Joint Statement of EU Commissioners Reding and McCreevy on the
occasion of this week's Google Books meetings in Brussels (7.09.2009)
Bringing the world's lost books back to life (7.09.2009)
(Contribution by Jim Killock - Executive Director EDRi-member ORG)
2. Stockholm Programme moves quickly towards adoption
The timetables for the Stockholm Programme have become a great deal
clearer since the return of the Parliament following the summer break and
the communication between the Swedish Presidency and relevant parliamentary
The Programme aims to set the priorities for a variety of justice issues
(including criminal and civil law enforcement cooperation) for the period
2010-2014 and beyond. This initiative takes over from the 2004-2009 Hague
Programme. Little new information about the potential content of the final
document has been communicated so far, despite the fact that the broad
direction of the document is expected to be finalised by the end of
October. How any subsequent proposals will be scrutinised by the EU
institutions will depend heavily on the outcome of the Irish referendum on
the Lisbon Treaty.
Beatrice Ask, Swedish Minister for Justice, presented the plans of the
Presidency to the European Parliament Civil Liberties Committee on 2
September and focused on the Stockholm Programme. Minister Ask made
great efforts to assuage fears regarding the scope and balance of the
Programme, repeatedly referring to the need to place the rights of the
citizen at the centre of all decision-making on this issue and to ensure
that measures that are proposed are properly justified. MEP Sophie In't Veld
(ALDE, Netherlands) was very sceptical about the assurances given by the
minister. In particular, she said that such an approach would be a break
with tradition and that experience to date on SWIFT, ACTA, CIA renditions
and that the evaluation of current anti-terrorism policies suggested that
little has changed.
At the meeting, Minister Ask said that the incoming Spanish Presidency
would be relied upon to propose concrete projects on the basis of the
priorities in the Programme. Spanish MEP De Mera (EPP, Spain) offered the
full and unequivocal support of the largest political group in the
Parliament. There were various interventions regarding the status of
Europol and whether it should become an EU agency. The Minister was clear
in her answer, stating that Europol was and would remain intergovernmental.
As regards ACTA, she was surprisingly direct, criticising the lack of
transparency of negotiations and stating that border searches of MP3 players
would not take place as a result of this planned agreement. She appeared to
imply that fears concerning ACTA are unfounded and caused by lack of
It is expected that the bulk of discussions in the Council will be
completed in late October, with an informal adoption by Justice Ministers
in November and a formal adoption by the Council in December. The Civil
Liberties Committee, with input from the Constitutional Affairs and Legal
Affairs Committees, will produce an own-initiative report on the
Declaration. It is expected that this will be adopted in Committee in
November and in Plenary in December, although this is highly likely to
change. There will be an inter-parliamentary hearing in the Parliament in
October, involving representatives of the European Parliament and national
Parliaments. The Green Group in the European Parliament will also hold a
hearing, probably in October.
Commission Communication on "An Area of Freedom, Security and Justice
Serving the Citizen" (10.06.2009)
UK written comments on the European Commission's Communication on the
Stockholm Programme (27.08.2009)
EDRi-gram: Stockholm programme - the new EU dangerous surveillance system
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. A new SWIFT agreement under negotiation between EU and USA
On 1 September 2009, the Civil Liberties Committee of the European
Parliament (LIBE) held a hearing on the renewal of the agreement which is
now under negotiations between the EU and the USA on data transfers via the
SWIFT financial data network.
LIBE members have shown concern about the legal basis for the agreement and
about that fact that the European Parliament has been kept out of the
negotiations, and are asking to be involved in the drafting of the
SWIFT case started in 2006 when it came out that US administrative
authorities were accessing data held  on European citizens on the SWIFT
financial network based in Belgium without the knowledge of the European
authorities. Under the pressure of European Parliament and some Member
States, measures were taken to ensure some privacy guarantees and the USA
had to ensure that the collected data was used solely for anti-terrorist
The new agreement under discussion follows a change in the architectural
structure of SWIFT which, according to head of SWIFT Lazaro Campos, "is a
key factor in the security of our clients". The system is to have a storage
centre for the European data in Switzerland.
The change of structure was encouraged by Peter Hustinx, the European Data
Protection Supervisor who believes such a change would mean that the data
would be stored in Europe. However, he expressed his concern regarding the
necessity and proportionality of and interim agreement with the USA and
called for the European data to be placed under the European data
protections regulations.
During the hearing on Monday, Gilles de Kerchove, the European
anti-terrorism coordinator, said that the Terrorist Finance Tracking
Program, which is based on the SWIFT network, "is a very precious instrument
in Europe too. It is of benefit to our Member States". Also, according to
Jonathan Faull, European Commission DG Justice director-general, an
agreement is necessary "so that SWIFT can operate in a legal framework. A
number of negotiating criteria have therefore been proposed to reach a
temporary accord, which will apply until a definitive agreement comes in
under the Lisbon Treaty".
Several MEPs expressed their concerns related to the interim agreement
especially regarding the lack of involvement of the European parliament and
asked for the details on the SWIFT case to be made public. Austrian MEP
Ernst Strasser considers that the European data should be processed
according to European standards. In his opinion companies and citizens must
have legal certainty. "It is important to conclude an agreement quickly,
involving the European Parliament closely, then to renegotiate with a new
mandate after Lisbon" he concluded.
European Parliament agenda (2.09.2009)
SWIFT: European bank data transfers must comply with European standards, say
MEPs (3.09.2009)
European Parliament: MEPs voice concerns over SWIFT payment agreement
between EU and the US (4.09.2009)
EDRi-gram: EU wants to share more bank details with the US authorities
4. Google News investigated for alleged discrimination in Italy
The Italian Competition Authority opened an investigation on 27 August 2009
in relation to Google News after the Italian Editors Association (FIEG)
claimed Google was discriminating those publishers choosing not to appear on
the Italian version of Google News, by automatically excluding them from its
primary search engine as well.
Various Italian newspapers consider they are deprived of attracting users
and advertisers to their own web sites when their stories turn up on Google
News. However, they have no problem in appearing on Google search engine.
The strongest argument of the investigation is the alleged Google "dominant
position" in internet searches, making things difficult for Italian
publishers who decide not to appear in Google News. But, although it is
obvious that Google is largely preferred by Italian users as a search
engine, this is mainly due to its efficiency.
As Andrea Monti from EDRi-member ALCEI points out, "dominant position is a
concept belonging to the Antitrust law and depicts a situation where a
company stays in its market in a fair stronger position then its
competitors, thus setting the rules for competition. Oddly enough, this is
the first time, at least in Italy, where Google is "charged" of not making
contents available, while in the past its management has been accused of not
removing 'disturbing contents' from its indexes".
One characteristic feature of the dominant position is the customer's
so-called "locked-in syndrome" which means that when a user buys a product,
certain technological characteristics make it impossible for the buyer to
switch to another similar competing product as it was in Microsoft's case.
With Google, users can buy advertising services wherever they like, and use
other search-engines if they so want. There is nothing that Google can do
but to continuously improve its services in order to preserve its users.
"We don't display the news stories in their entirety. Rather, our approach
is akin to that of web search: we simply show the headlines, a line or two
of text and a link to the site - just enough information to make the user
want to read the full story. Once a user clicks through to the article, it's
up to the news publisher to decide how to profit from this free traffic" is
Google's statement in this matter.
Also Google stated that it already had a meeting this year with FIEG where
it explained that all its over 25 000 sources from all over the world
are in complete control in relation to whether they want to be found on
Google services. "So if a news publisher doesn't want to be found on
Google.com, Google.it or any other reputable search engines, it can prevent
indexation automatically via a universally accepted Internet standard called
robots.txt. Publishers also have a range of other ways of controlling how
their content appears (or doesn't). One such option is for a publisher to
continue to appear in Google web search, but not in Google News. In that
case, all they need to do is contact us to be removed. In fact, we met with
several Italian publishers and representatives of FIEG just this summer to
explain these options," said Google in the comment published on their blog.
As regarding Google News, Google says there are more requests for inclusion
than for removal because "publishers understand that the traffic generated
by Google News, and services like it, provide valuable traffic: Google News
sends over 1 billion clicks per month to news publishers."
Italian Antitrust to storm on Google News? (28.08.2009)
More on the Italian Antitrust investigation upon Google News (1.09.2009)
Google probed by Italy's anti-trust arm (27.08.2009)
About Google News In Italy (27.08.2009)
Google abuses the news ? (only in Italian, 27.08.2009)
5. Telecom Package - All sides poised for the final battles
Preparations are being made in the EU institutions for the expected third
reading of the Telecom Package. The timescale for the remainder of the
legislative process will be determined by the official communication of the
Council Common Positions to the Parliament. In theory, this can happen as
late as mid-October, meaning that the final agreement could happen as late
as the end of November or early December.
In the absence of official finalised documents from the Council, work on
the dossier is focusing at the moment on procedural aspects of the
negotiations. The negotiation takes place between representatives of the 27
Member States and 27 Members of the European Parliament (with the balance
between political groups in the Parliament overall reflected in the
political allegiances of the 27 MEPs). Representatives of EU Member States
have informally stated that they believe that Amendment 138 is the only
controversial issue and a significant number of Council Members wish to
restrict discussions to this issue.
Without new information from the Council, discussions in the European
Parliament's Industry Committee on 2 September 2009 generated far more heat
than light. Catherine Trautmann (S&D, France) proposed moving the debate
forward by suggesting that the incoming Commissioner be asked to start work
on net neutrality from scratch. Pilar Del Castillo (EPP, Spain) (rapporteur
for the creation of a European Communications Market Authority) lamented the
lack of communication from the Council and the fact that so much effort had
achieved so little for the citizens of Europe.
A hearing organised by the Green Group in the European Parliament produced
a general discussion on issues related to copyright and net neutrality. In
the absence of clarity regarding what specifically will be in the Council
texts and insight into what issues may be subject to renewed debate in
conciliation, no discussion on the detail of the telecom packet was
As regards the procedure that will be followed, while the range of options
for tabling amendments is greatly restricted for the second reading, these
restrictions are eased in the current conciliation phase. In reality
however, it is more a question of what unravels when a particular thread is
pulled. For example, if the famous Amendment 138 is adopted, negotiators
might argue that it is appropriate to fix the related text.
The Member States can be expected to push for as much of the Common
Position as possible to be retained and to push again for the
"compromise" that was agreed with the Parliament negotiators on
Amendment 138 in the first reading (but not adopted).
EDRi-gram: The telecoms ministers rejected the telecom package as adopted by
the EP (17.06.2009)
EDRi-gram: European Parliament votes against the 3 strikes. Again
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
6. Consultation on how to operate EU's digital library
The European Commission launched a consultation on 28 August 2009 on EU's
digital library project Europeana, set up in November 2008, in order to
find the best way to make the project work.
Differently from the controversial Google's Book project having scanned
about 10 million books, many of which are still copyrighted based on
Google's agreement with the US Author's Guild allowing the company to scan
copyrighted material in the US, Europeana has scanned about 4.6 million
works including books, photos, films and maps which are not covered by
copyright and has not yet included orphaned copyrighted works.
The project has met difficulties in developing and in competing with
Google's initiative because of the current legal framework. "Europeana
includes, for legal reasons, neither out-of print works (some 90% of the
books in Europe's national libraries), nor orphan works (estimated at 10 -
20% of in-copyright collections) which are still in copyright but where the
author cannot be identified," says the recent European Commission statement.
Viviane Reding, EU Commissioner for Information Society and Media, who is
very strongly supporting the project, considers alarming the fact that "only
5% of all digitised books in the EU are available on Europeana." She also
observed that "almost half of Europeana's digitised works have come from one
country alone, while all other Member States continue to under-perform
dramatically. To me this shows, above all, that Member States must stop
envying progress made in other continents and finally do their own homework.
It also shows that Europeana alone will not suffice to put Europe on the
digital map of the world. We need to work better together to make Europe's
copyright framework fit for the digital age."
The Commission declared its target to reach 10 million digitised objects by
2010 and wants to get opinions from the industry and the public on how it
should operate the Europeana project which costs 3 million euro per year.
"How can it be ensured that digitised material can be made available to
consumers EU-wide? Should there be better cooperation with publishers with
regard to in-copyright material? Would it be a good idea to create European
registries for orphan and out-of print works? How should Europeana be
financed in the long term?" are some of the questions asked by the
Commission in the statement announcing the consultation.
The consultation runs until 15 November 2009.
EU consults on copyright problems of digitising libraries (1.09.2009)
Commission of the European Communities - Europeana - next steps (28.08.2009)
Questions for the public consultation "Europeana - next steps"
i2010: Digital Libraries Initiative
Europeana - Europe's digital library
Digital libraries initiative of the European Union:
Europe's Digital Library doubles in size but also shows EU's lack of common
web copyright solution (28.08.2009)
7. ICO takes action against personal data losses in UK
After UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) has found Wigan schools in
breach of the Data Protection Act following a theft of a laptop with
personal information on about 43 000 children and young people, the Wigan
council has agreed to sign an Undertaking to take the necessary measures to
comply with the law.
The stolen laptop was stored in a locked office but it was not encrypted and
the data on it was not protected. By signing the Undertaking, the Wigan
Council has agreed to ensure the encryption of all portable and mobile
devices, including laptops used to store and transmit personal data. The
commitment includes the training of the staff regarding the data storing
policy and the obligation of the staff to adhere to that policy. Additional
appropriate data protection measures will also be implemented.
This is just one of the many cases of personal data losses during the last
few years in UK and Ireland. In the case of August 2008 of the loss by PA
Consulting of a memory stick containing personal data on prison population
and offenders, it has come out that the amount of lost data was much higher
than first stated.
Through its Resource Account for 2008-2009, the Home Office has admitted the
lost device was not containing data on 127 000 people as initially believed
but actually it contained data on about 377 000 people, the additional 250
000 being data on users of the Drug Interventions Programme. These users are
recorded only by their initials, rather than their full names, thus the
personal data being limited in nature.
The Information Commissioner Christopher Graham has also expressed his
opinion that the courts and the Parliament are to blame for the leakage of
personal information that was discovered during an investigation carried out
by ICO's Motorman into the activities a private investigator's activities.
The investigation has revealed 17 500 requests from about 400 journalists to
the private investigator for private information on political personalities,
celebrities or security personnel. The information thus obtained was used by
the journalists to publish various articles based on it.
Graham said that to obtain and sell personal data without permission as well
as to publish stories based on the data obtained by deception was in breach
of the Data Protection Act which says that organisations must guard against
unlawful data processing. He reminded the House of Commons Select Committee
on Culture, Media and Sport, that the ICO already revealed the problems of
the trade in personal data in 2006, in a report "What Price Privacy Now?",
but that no action had been taken by the authorities.
"We were let down by the courts, who didn't seem to be interested in levying
even the pathetic fines they had at their disposal; we were rather let down
by parliament in the end, with no legislation; and we were let down by the
newspaper groups, which didn't take it seriously," said Graham.
ICO Press Release - Wigan Council improves security after details on most
school children are stolen (2.09.2009)
Home Office coughs to larger data loss (28.08.2009)
Drug records added to data loss (26.08.2009)
Courts and Parliament 'let us down' on personal data trade, says privacy
watchdog (2.09.2008)
Data Protection Act 1998 - Undertaking by Wigan Council as data controller
Home Office Resource Accounts 2008-09 (21.07.2009)
EDRI-gram: UK Watchdog asks the European Commission to adopt security breach
law (10.09.2008)
8. Recommended Action
It is crucial to save Net Neutrality !
9. Recommended Reading
In Russia, there is nothing that bloggers can't spin (3.09.2009)
State 2.0: a new front end? (7.09.2009)
10. Agenda
10-12 September 2009, Potsdam, Germany
5th ECPR General Conference, Potsdam
Section: Protest Politics
Panel: The Contentious Politics of Intellectual Property
12 September 2009, Worldwide
2nd International Action Day "Freedom not Fear - Stop the Surveillance
Mania" Demonstrations, Events, Privacy Parties etc. in many countries
14-15 September 2009, Grand-Saconnex, Switzerland
EuroDIG 2009
16-18 September 2009, Crete, Greece
World Summit on the Knowledge Society WSKS 2009
17-18 September 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Gikii, A Workshop on Law, Technology and Popular Culture
Institute for Information Law (IViR) - University of Amsterdam
23-24 September 2009, Copenhagen, Denmark
The Net will not forget
European conference on ICT and Privacy
29-30 September 2009, Warsaw, Poland
3rd International Conference "Keeping Children and Young People Safe Online"
1-2 October 2009, Barcelona, Spain
6th Communia Workshop: Memory Institutions and Public Domain
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24 October 2009, Zurich, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
Deadline for nominations: 31 August 2009
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
Deadline for nominations: 21 September 2009
26-27 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
29 October - 1 November 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum: Organization and Action
3 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
Civil Society Conference: "Global Privacy Standards for a Global Economy"
Organized by Electronic Privacy Information Center
4-6 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
31st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2009-09-23 18:27:05
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 7.18, 23 September 2009 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 7.18, 23 September 2009
1. "Freedom not Fear" 2009 - Protests Against the Surveillance Mania
2. Three strikes law version 2 - one step closer to adoption in France
3. MEPs ask for a new agreement on SWIFT bank data transfers to USA
4. Ambitious study published by Swedish EU Presidency
5. UK music industry shows divided opinions on cutting off p2p users
6. Macedonia: Activities for citizen education about their privacy rights
7. A human rights commissioner in the European Commission ?
8. EESC opinion on the impact of social networking sites on citizens
9. Secret IPR measures in EU - South Korea trade agreement
10. Civil society coalition discuss global privacy standards
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. "Freedom not Fear" 2009 - Protests Against the Surveillance Mania
On Saturday, 12 September 2009, civil liberties activists in many countries
again took it to the streets under the motto "Freedom not Fear - Stop the
Surveillance Mania". It was the second time these activities took place
after the first international action day on 11 October 2008.
The biggest event was held in Berlin, where more than 25 000 people
marched through the streets and applauded the speeches and the bands.
Frank Bsirske, chairman of the world's largest trade union ver.di,
called for a comprehensive law for employee and workplace privacy
protection. Patrick Breyer from the working Group against Data Retention
(AK Vorrat), which again had initiated the protests, reminded
participants of the democratic rallies and events of 1847 and 1989 and
called for continuous resistance against the surveillance state. Other
speakers included Franziska Heine from the Working Group against
Censorship (AK Zensur), who had organized the most successful online
petition ever to the German parliament against a recent German law that
permits blocking of web sites by the federal police. The event sent a
strong signal to the political parties and was widely reported in the
context of the upcoming German federal election. At the end of the
demonstration, activists from EDRi member Chaos Computer Club were able
to film a police assault on a peaceful participant. Public pressure as a
result of this has now led to an announcement of the Berlin police that
all officers will get mandatory name badges in early 2010.
Other activities took place in Bulgaria, Finland, Italy, Macedonia, the
Netherlands, Austria, Sweden, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, and the
United Kingdom. Activists had organized a plethora of events, including
a full week of activities in Prague; demonstrations in Amsterdam,
Stockholm and Sofia; public teach-inns in Skopje (co-organized by EDRi
member Metamorphosis), Milano, and Helsinki (co-organized by EDRi member
EFFi); privacy parties and film screenings, and much more. Activists in
Vienna (from EDRi member Vibe.at) reported such big interest from the
population that they had to print 1000 more leaflets on the same day.
Outside of Europe, privacy activists in Guatemala joined the action day
this year with a reading event from a new volume of fiction stories
about surveillance, titled "stop the surveillance mania".
Overview of Freedom not Fear activities
Press center for the Berlin demonstration
Report from activities in Skopje - EDRi-gram: Macedonia: Activities for
citizen education about their privacy rights (23.09.2009)
Report from activities in Vienna (only in German, 12.09.2009)
International Action Day "Freedom not Fear" (11.10.2008)
(contribution by Ralf Bendrath, EDRi member Netzwerk Neue Medien)
2. Three strikes law version 2 - one step closer to adoption in France
On 15 September 2009, the French deputies adopted the amended version of the
three strikes law (also known as Hadopi 2) by only 55% votes. A day after,
the mixed paritary commission made of seven senators and seven deputies
validated in its turn the version voted by the deputies.
Minister of Culture Fridiric Mitterrand announced after the adoption of the
text that both Hadopi 1 and Hadopi 2 will be applied starting with the end
of this year when he would also make his propositions for a third text,
Hadopi 3.
Socialist deputy Patrick Bloche has reaffirmed the opposition's intention to
appeal to the Constitutional Council to stop the text as it happened in June
with the first version of the law, Hadopi 1. "We vigorously contest the
creation of a sanction for negligence which flagrantly violates the
principle according to which someone can be judged only for his (her) acts"
said the deputy.
"The HADOPI is a disturbing step towards the control of information
circulating on the Internet by economic and political actors. All seem to
agree now to stifle this great space of expression and freedom that we, as
citizens, must protect," stated Jeremie Zimmermann, spokesperson for La
Quadrature du Net. In La Quadrature du Net's opinion, "this legal text
severely put into question the Republican values which are the presumption
of innocence and the right to an equitable procedure." "HADOPI is a worrying
stage towards the control of information on the Net by economic and
political actors." commented Jirimie Zimmermann.
Already the law is considered by many as obsolete having in view the
permanent technological progress which allows for several methods to go
round the restrictions of the law. Right after the adoption of the text,
searches of "going around Hadopi" would result in almost 60 000 responses on
the Internet.
The Senate gave its final vote on the draft law on 21 September and it is no
suprise that the lower Chamber of the French Parliament also gave its
positive final vote the next day. The only step that could now stop the law
remains the appeal to the Constitutional Council.
Hadopi 2 law adopted in the Assembly by 55 % of deputies (only in French,
La Quadrature du Net is waiting for the Constitutional Council's advice
(only in French, 15.09.2009)
Hadopi law validated, but already obsolete (only in French, 16.09.2009)
France passes three-strikes bill (15.09.2009)
EDRI-gram: Hadopi 2's final vote is postponed till 15 September (29.07.2009)
3. MEPs ask for a new agreement on SWIFT bank data transfers to USA
The European Parliament issued on 17 September 2009 a resolution reaffirming
the need that for the Council and EU ministers to renegotiate the agreement
to transfer bank data to the United States Treasury Department.
MEPs have previously expressed their concern for not having been involved in
the negotiation of the EU-US interim agreement on banking data transfers as
EU ministers had decided unanimously to give the European Commission a
negotiating mandate without involving the Parliament. MEPs consider this
goes against the opinion of Council's legal service, which recommanded to
include the European Parliament in this process.
The EP resolution sets up guidelines for the new agreement in order to
ensure data protection and privacy, underlining once more that the data
should be transferred to the US authorities only for the purpose of fighting
terrorism and that the transferred data should be used or stored
proportionately to this objective.
The resolution reaffirms the "determination to fight terrorism" but also
expresses the "need to strike the right balance between security measures
and the protection of civil liberties and fundamental rights, while ensuring
the utmost respect for privacy and data protection."
The EP believes that the transfer requests should be "based on specific,
targeted cases, limited in time and subject to judicial authorisation, and
that any subsequent processing is limited to data which disclose a link with
persons or organisations under examination in the US" and that "EU citizens
and enterprises are granted the same defence rights and procedural
guarantees and the same right of access to justice as exist in the EU and
that the legality and proportionality of the transfer requests are open to
judicial review in the US". In order to prevent any abuse, the transferred
data should be "subject to the same judicial redress mechanisms as would
apply to data held within the EU, including compensation in the event of
unlawful processing of personal data."
The resolution also asks for a reciprocity mechanism that would oblige the
US authorities to equally transfer relevant financial data to the competent
EU authorities, upon request.
The EP resolution did not reach consensus amoung different parliamentary
groups. The adopted resolution was rejected by the Greens (who had their own
resolution) and the left groups. The opposition to this resolution
considered the present text is not strong enough after the compromises
between different political groups. It also highlighted the fact that the
current format does not call for a stop of the current negociations.
Beatrice Ask, the Swedish Justice Minister, also stated that the new text
under negotiation with the United States will be in force for no more than
12 months.
"If we don't get real assurances concerning the protection of (personal)
data there won't be a deal," said EU Justice Commissioner Jacques Barrot who
also stated that "an immediate renegotiation will take place under the
Treaty of Lisbon", thus giving EP the final word on the text.
SWIFT: new EU-US agreement will be renegotiated next year (17.09.2009)
European Parliament resolution of 17 September 2009 on the envisaged
international agreement to make available to the United States Treasury
Department financial payment messaging data to prevent and combat terrorism
and terrorist financing (updated 21.09.2009)
Motion on a resolution on the envisaged international agreement to make
available to the United States Treasury Department financial payment
messaging data to prevent and combat terrorism and terrorist financing -
Ra|l Romeva i Rueda, Jan Philipp Albrecht on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group
EU poses conditions on US access to bank account info (17.09.2009)
EDRI-gram: A new SWIFT agreement under negotiation between EU and USA
4. Ambitious study published by Swedish EU Presidency
The Swedish Presidency of the EU has produced a study entitled "A Green
Knowledge Society" that was made public in September 2009. The study aims to
set the scene for the "tipping point in the transition to the knowledge
economy" and to help prepare policy making for the "enormous consequences"
that this will have for society and interaction between governments and
citizens. The report also looks at the ways in which ICT can be used for
environmental protection. Key issues for the digital civil rights domain
include creativity and infrastructure.
As regards creativity the report underlines the changes in today's
situation: "Some interviewees pointed to the need for Europe to move away
from a 'permission to innovate' culture. For instance, one of the few
examples of European innovation is the file sharing service Pirate Bay,
which challenges current intellectual property rules. Rather than attempt to
stymie this innovation, we need a more thoughtful response and to rethink
rules around protection of intellectual property rights so that they are fit
for a digital economy. Member State governments currently retain orthodox
views about protection of intellectual property but we may need to embrace
radical solutions if innovation and creativity is being held back (Boldrin
and Levine, 2008)."
Policy goals for infrastructure development are "a new regulatory regime
based on more effective ex ante regulation across all ICT layers", open
source software and open standards for ICT infrastructure and public
procurement, strong Internet governance participation and ensuring that next
generation infrastructure can be built in a competitive market. Policy
actions include common enforceable regulation with service legal agreements
for ISPs and portal providers, harmonised spectrum policy and "vigorously"
deploying competition law with accelerated processes.
Full report - A Green Knowledge Society - An ICT policy agenda to 2015 for
Europe's future knowledge society - A study for the Ministry of Enterprise,
Energy and Communications, -Government Offices of Sweden (09.2009)
Executive summary
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
5. UK music industry shows divided opinions on cutting off p2p users
UK Secretary of State Lord Mandelson's proposal to use technical measures to
cut off connections of illegal file-sharers met different reactions within
UK music industry.
A coalition including the Featured Artists Coalition (FAC), the British
Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA) and the Music
Producers Guild (MPG) has recently expressed its opinion that the
suspension of connections of allegedly illegal file-sharers was a "grossly
disproportionate" measure. Besides the fact that the costs necessary for the
implementing of technical measures to cut off online connections are much
too high as compared to the supposed benefits, the members of the coalition
also stated they did not want to punish their fans.
While believing that copyright is essential for the protection of songs
writers and artists, the members of the coalition "have serious reservations
about the content and scope of the proposed legislation outlined in the
consultation on P2P file-sharing.  Processes of monitoring, notification and
sanction are not conducive to achieving a vibrant, functional, fair and
competitive market for music."
FAC brings as argument that, as a recent research made by MusicAlly shows,
the decreasing in the CD sales should not be solely blamed on illegal online
filesharing and that "it is dangerous to view the downloading of music as
the direct online equivalent of CD sales". The coalition believes that what
the proposals lack is a differenciation between downloading and online
sharing music by fans on a non-commercial basis and those who do it for
financial gains or advantages. "This second group of 'commercial' P2P
users and facilitators should be pursued with the full force of the law as
is the case with illegal CD plants in the offline world. Ordinary music fans
and consumers should not be criminalised because of the failings of a legacy
sector of business to adapt sufficiently fast to new technological
FAC expressed the opinion that the music industry should adapt to the
digital age and create new business models. "As creators' representatives we
are willing to be partners with government in exploring and navigating the
opportunities and challenges brought by digital technologies.  What we will
not be a party to is any system that alienates our members' existing
audience and potential new audiences."
Actually, on 25 August 2009, Mandelson's Department for Business said that
following the responses to the consultation on Digital Britain proposals,
the introducing of the threat of disconnection from the Internet should be
reconsidered. "Since the issue of the consultation some stakeholders have
argued strongly that none of those technical measures (short of suspension)
is powerful enough to have a significant deterrent effect on infringing
behaviour," it said.
UK Music, the body representing a large part of the music industry
made a statement on 16 September clarifying its position on file-sharing in
which it was forced to drop any mention of cutting off Internet connections
in order to ensure unity across the industry. Although FAC is not a member
of UK Music, BASCA, which made common front with FAC, is.
"UK Music would like to clarify that all our members remain committed to
supporting proposals that will benefit the future growth and sustainability
of our commercial music industry. We believe that Government intervention is
extremely welcome and that, subject to assessment, Ofcom should be granted
appropriate and proportionate powers as directed by the Secretary of State.
The purpose of these powers is to encourage users of unlicensed P2P networks
towards existing and future digital music services," says the statement
making no mention to any specific enforcement measures.
A final view of the industry will probably be submitted after the
consultation process closes on 28 September.
Cracks show in music industry over P2P enforcement (16.09.2009)
UK Music statement on Government's proposed P2P file-sharing legislation
UK.gov revives net cut-off threat for illegal downloaders (25.08.2009)
Don't punish our fans, say UK musicians (16.09.2009)
Joint Statement on P2P Legislation (10.09.1009)
Music industry ready for climbdown on internet piracy demands (16.09.2009)
EDRI-gram: UK: p2p three strikes clamp down despite civil liberties concerns
6. Macedonia: Activities for citizen education about their privacy rights
Due to the low level of public awareness on privacy issues, the activities
of the international action "Freedom Not Fear" in Macedonia included efforts
for educating the citizens on 12 September 2009.
In order to provide opportunities for the citizens to get to know their
rights and ways to solve their privacy related problems, about fifty
volunteers from nine NGOs and the Directorate for Personal Data Protection
organized several knowledge sharing activities.
Around 3000 flyers in Macedonian and Albanian languages were disseminated
throughout the capital of Macedonia. They contain info about the basic
rights and links to websites which provide resources and tutorials about the
legal and technical tools available to the citizens who need to protect
their privacy from infringements from the state, companies and individuals.
The volonteers also disseminated the printed version of the Call to Action
from Berlin, translated into Macedonian.
On 12 September 2009, legal experts who work on the implementation of the
law on private data protection and the law on free access to public
information answered to citizens questions face to face, offering practical
advice and guidelines.
Several NGOs contributed for the organization of this event, including the
EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation.
Macedonia: Freedom Not Fear 2009 - Activities for Citizen Education about
Their Rights (12.09.2009)
(Thanks to EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation)
7. A human rights commissioner in the European Commission ?
On 16 September 2009 the European Parliament re-elected Jose Manuel Barroso
for a second five-year term as president of the European Commission by a
clear majority.
During his campaign, Barroso presented his proposals for commissioner posts.
At a meeting on 9 September with political groups in the Parliament, the
commissioner promised a human rights commissioner post thus creating a
separate portfolio for fundamental rights and civil liberties.
The European Commission has now a justice, freedom and security
commissioner, but critics have argued that the domain was too broad and
issues such as data
protection, immigration and the rights of migrants in the Member States
should be given more attention.
Barroso also committed to create a second post to focus on interior security
and to a third one for a single financial supervisor. He also promised a
review of the economic crisis situation in three years time.
Mr Barroso intended to travel to Ireland to campaign for a Yes vote in
Ireland's second referendum on the Lisbon Treaty that is to take place on 2
October. After the poll, he will start forming a new Commission.
However, according to Swedish Europe minister Cecilia Malmstrom, even if the
Irish vote is in favour, the fate of the Lisbon Treaty will still be unclear
as the Czech Republic is taking its time in ratifying the document. "If
everything goes well, if there's a yes in Dublin and all the states have
ratified in October, our ambitious, optimistic goal is to get the whole
package for the October summit (29-30 October)," said the minister.
If Ireland says no to the Lisbon Treaty, the commission will be appointed on
Nice treaty which foresees a reduction in the number of commissioners
without specifying a number however. A solution in this case according to
the Swedish prime minister would be to give the member state that does not
get a commissioner the post of EU foreign policy chief.
Next commission set for human rights post (10.09.2009)
EU to appoint human rights commissioner (14.09.2009)
Josi Manuel Barroso reelected European Commission president (16.09.2009)
8. EESC opinion on the impact of social networking sites on citizens
The European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) debated in a meeting
organized on 17 September 2009 a new approach in regulating social networing
websites, with the appointment of an EU Ombudsman to be responsible for the
protection of human dignity, privacy and data protection in the audiovisual
sector, that should include specific responsibility for social networking
websites. The final opinion would be made public in the beginning of
November 2009.
But this new approach by the EESC needs to be in line with other EU
developments in the field of regulating social networks. In July 2008, the
European Commission held an extensive public consultation on "Online Social
Networking", the data and conclusions of which form an essential study base
for future developments under the Safer Internet Programme (2009-2013) and
on 26 September 2008, the European Commissioner Viviane Reding, pointed out
the issue during a speech in Luxembourg at the Safer Internet Forum, setting
out the main guidelines for the Commission's future action in this field.
The 30th international conference of data protection and privacy authorities
on 17 October 2008 resulted in a detailed resolution with recommendations
related to the protection of privacy in social networking services. The
"Safer Social Networking principles for the EU document" was adopted on 10
February 2009 having at the basis an agreement concluded by the 17 largest
operators of the main social networking sites in Europe. By this document
the operators recognise their responsibility and identify the potential
risks to which young people under the age of 18 using these sites are
The EESC's preliminary draft opinion, prepared by rapporteur Pegada Liz and
issued on 11 August 2009 recognised the positive aspects of social networks,
but expressed concerns related to the risks of the illegal and abusive use
of social networks drawing a special attention to the risks related "to the
use of social networking sites by minors and other vulnerable members of the
public, specifically people with poor digital literacy, who frequently fall
victim to others who take advantage of them to engage in illegal activities
that affront their personal dignity and endanger their physical and mental
wellbeing and even their lives."
The documents also suggests the appointment of an European Community
Ombudsman similar to the Canadian Privacy Commissioner. The Canadian
commissioner already performed an investigation on Facebook following which,
the operator agreed to add new privacy safeguards to the website.
EESC draft opinion considers that a single regulator at the level of the
Community could have regulatory or co-regulatory powers on social networks,
including the power to impose penalties.
Other proposals of the draft opinion include a call on the European
Commission to adopt a green paper on Social Network Services (SNS), the
development of self-regulation and co-regulation schemes for the SNS
industry, especially on the protection of minors. Launching initiatives such
as Safer Internet Programme 2009-2013 is also a proposal as well as
increasing efforts to raise awareness at the EU and national levels and
setting up principles and rules of conduct for SNS sites at the
international level.
The draft opinion was discussed within a meeting on 17 September where a
short questionnaire was distributed to participants including questions on
freedom of speech, censorship, anonymity on SNS sites, sanctions, self- and
co-regulation and the creation of a Community ombudsman. The answers will be
used as input for the final opinion that will be discussed in November 2009.
Preliminary Draft Opinion of the Section for Transport, Energy,
Infrastructure and the Information Society on The impact of social
networking sites on citizens/consumers (11.08.2009)
Questionnaire for Participants in the EESC Hearing for the own-initiative
opinion TEN/390 on the impact of social networking sites on
citizens/consumers (14.09.2009)
EDRI-gram: Social Networks - on the European Commission's Agenda
9. Secret IPR measures in EU - South Korea trade agreement
The European Union and South Korea plan to initiate a Free Trade Agreement
in October 2009. The trade agreement includes civil, border and criminal
measures for the enforcement of copyright, trademark rights, patents and
other exclusive rights. The text of the agreement is secret.
In the Netherlands, EDRi-member Vrijschrift.org last week asked the
parliamentary Commission on Subsidiarity to investigate the EU - South Korea
trade agreement. In 2006, this commission gained fame with its negative
advice on the EU Criminal measures intellectual property directive proposal
Subsequently, both chambers of the Dutch Parliament unanimously agreed with
the Commission's advice and sent a letter to then EU Commissioner Frattini,
with translated copies to the other national parliaments of the EU. IPRED 2
is now permanently stuck in the EU Council.
FFII analyst Ante Wessels comments: "Decisions on substantive and formal
criminal law have always been deemed especially sensitive for the ability of
a constitutional state to democratically shape itself. Hence the opposition
against EU criminal law. It is rather shocking that criminal measures are
now secretly put in trade agreements. And the secretiveness of the EU -
South Korea trade agreement makes it impossible to assess its effects on
access to the Internet, software and medicine, too."
The EU member states have the righ to veto on criminal measures. The
articles related to trade services fall within the shared competence of the
Community and its member states. The agreement has to be concluded jointly
by the Community and the member states.
Ante Wessels adds: "The governments keep the national parliaments
uninformed. To gain influence, parliaments have to first force transparency.
They can do so by making parliamentary scrutiny reservations. Then the
government can't go ahead before the parliament is informed and makes a
South Korea and the European Union (EU) will initial their bilateral free
trade agreement (FTA) in October (10.09.2009)
EU Council documents
Vrijschrift letter (only in Dutch, 16.09.2009)
FFII information page on EU - South Korea trade agreement with more
information on vetoes
TransAtlantic Consumer Dialogue (TACD), Resolution on the enforcement of
copyright, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights
NGO Letter to USTR on transparency (22.07.2009)
Secret criminal measures in EU - South Korea trade agreement (21.09.2009)
(Thanks to Ante Wessels - FFII - Fvrderverein f|r eine Freie 10. Civil society coalition discuss global privacy standards
The Public Voice, the largest worldwide civil society coalition where EDRi
is a an active member, will discuss "Global Privacy Standards in a Global
World" during its conference on 3 November 2009 in Madrid, Spain, to be held
in conjunction with the 31st Annual International Conference of Data
Protection and Privacy Commissioners.
Prominent advocates and experts from the academic, consumer, digital
rights and labor communities will discuss with public officials and
the business sector how to raise privacy awareness in the global
community and how to promote civil society participation in decision
making processes towards the adoption of better privacy and data
protection standards globally.
The Conference will first review recent privacy and human rights
developments and major privacy activism campaigns around the world. It will
also include the release of the current edition of the Privacy and Human
Rights report. Stavros Lambrinidis, Vice-President of the European
Parliament, is invited to comment on the most recent developments.
The Conference will also address current challenges raised by emerging
technologies and business practices: representatives from the civil society
and business sector will discuss privacy implications of issues such as
cloud computing or Internet search. It will further address transborder data
flows in the public and private sector, from passenger name records and
financial transactions to the outsourcing of personal data.
The final Conference panel will launch the "Madrid Civil Society
Declaration on Global Privacy Standards" that will be discussed by
invited public data protection officials from OECD, the EU Article 29
Working Party, USA and Canada. Peter Hustinx, European Data
Protection Supervisor, will provide closing remarks.
The Conference is sponsored by the Spanish Data Protection Agency and is
free to all participants. Registration is compulsory.
Detailed program, registration and practical information
11. Recommended Action
Reclaim your data from the European police authorities!
Net Neutrality petition
We Must Protect Net Neutrality in Europe! - Open letter to the European
12. Recommended Reading
Opinion of the Advocate General in the ECJ case of Google France, Google
Inc. vs Louis Vuitton Malletier
Creative Commons study of Non-commercial
Direct link to the (18mb) full PDF
13. Agenda
23-24 September 2009, Copenhagen, Denmark
The Net will not forget
European conference on ICT and Privacy
29-30 September 2009, Warsaw, Poland
3rd International Conference "Keeping Children and Young People Safe Online"
1-2 October 2009, Barcelona, Spain
6th Communia Workshop: Memory Institutions and Public Domain
16 October 2009, Bielefeld, Germany
10th German Big Brother Awards
21-23 October 2009, Istanbul, Turkey
eChallenges 2009
24 October 2009, Zurich, Switzerland
Big Brother Awards Switzerland
25 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
Austrian Big Brother Awards
26-27 October 2009, Vienna, Austria
3rd European Privacy Open Space
29 October 2009, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars, the biggest free culture event of all times, 2nd edition
29 October - 1 November 2009, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum: Organization and Action
3 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
Civil Society Conference: "Global Privacy Standards in a Global World"
Organized by "The Public Voice" coalition
4-6 November 2009, Madrid, Spain
31st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
13-15 November 2009, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
15-18 November 2009, Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt
UN Internet Governance Forum
27-30 December 2009, Berlin, Germany
26th Chaos Communication Congress
Deadline for submissions: 9 October 2009
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-12-01 19:41:33
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.23, 1 December 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
  Number 8.23, 1 December 2010
1. Internet blocking - key decisions to be made by 3 February 2011
2. Data protection authorities call for a strict EU-US privacy agreement
3. The Pirate Bay founders lost their appeal in the Swedish Appeals Court
4. ICO started applying fines for Data Protection Act breaches
5. Azeri bloggers released from prison
6. Ireland: reshaping the law for the digital economy
7. Lack of net neutrality and open standards threaten the web
8. ENDItorial: EC Internal Security Strategy - My dog is a cat
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Internet blocking - key decisions to be made by 3 February 2011
The legislative process on Internet blocking is about to move from almost
standstill to almost completed between now and the beginning of February. In
the Council of Ministers, an informal agreement is planned for the Justice
Council in December, while the MEP in charge in the Parliament will present
her draft report on 10 January 2011 with an informal orientation vote just
three weeks later.
Every civil society organisation that wants to stop web blocking and the
damage that this will do for child protection must focus all available
resources on the Civil Liberties Committee of the European Parliament
between now and early February. Afterwards, it will be too late. The risk of
damage to child protection is abundantly clear from the Working Document
prepared by the MEP in charge of the dossier, Roberta Angelilli (Italy). She
says: "We have to bear in mind that our priority is to eliminate these
images for public access as quick as possible." The priority is not to
identify the children, not to investigate the criminals, but to avoid public
access via blocking, which does not even serve the purpose of stopping
deliberate access.
Bizarrely, Ms Angelilli also suggests that "the providers would be promptly
informed about their rights to appeal against the decision". This assumes
that there would be no immediate investigation - having been accused of
having a website containing images of gross violations of children, the
suggestion is a polite notice to the alleged criminal that he may wish to
In the Parliament, MEPs remain divided but the argument that blocking is a
"complementary" measure, to be implemented with other measures (such as
deletion and prosecution), rather than instead of them, is successful with
many parliamentarians. The argument is working, despite the fact that there
is no evidence of this being the case in countries that already have
In the Council, Germany and Romania are fighting hard for blocking to remain
optional for Member States. However France and Italy (coincidentally,
countries that also have blocking for gambling and intellectual property)
are campaigning for obligatory blocking with what one negotiator described
as "missionary fervour". Most countries are remaining silent on the issue,
meaning that they are passively having blocking imposed on them by the
larger countries. The only large country to remain silent is Poland, and
this silence will be crucial for the success of mandatory blocking, if it is
In the Council, the current negotiating text reads as follows:
"2. Where the removal of webpages containing or disseminating child
pornography is not possible within a reasonable time, Member States shall
take the necessary measures, including through non-legislative measures, to
ensure that the blocking of access to webpages containing or disseminating
child pornography is possible towards the Internet users in their territory.
The blocking of access shall be subject to adequate safeguards, in
particular to ensure that the blocking, taking into account technical
characteristics, is limited to what is necessary, that users are informed of
the reasons for the blocking and that content providers, as far as possible,
are informed of the possibility of challenging it."
This text raises three interesting points. Firstly, blocking through
non-legislative measures has already been described as illegal by the
European Commission in the impact assessment it prepared to accompany the
proposals. In that text, the Commission assessed extra-judicial blocking as
follows: "More problematic may be the compliance with the requirement that
the interference in this fundamental right must be "prescribed by law",
which implies that a valid legal basis in domestic law must exist" (page 30)
before coming to the conclusion that "such measures must indeed be subject
to law, or they are illegal" (page 37). The illegality of this approach is
quite clear from the European Convention on Human Rights, which states that
"the exercise of these freedoms, since it carries with it duties and
responsibilities, may be subject to such formalities, conditions,
restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary."
The second interesting point refers to the last lines of the draft text. It
suggests that a legal obligation is necessary for Member States to take the
step of contacting the alleged criminals, accused of publishing pictures of
children being abused on the Internet, and politely informing them that
their page has been blocked and giving them the opportunity to complain, if
they so wish.
The final point is that Member States should do what they consider
necessary, which means that, strictly speaking, this text places no
obligations on anyone. Its only real purpose is to give Member States an
excuse to introduce blocking, even via "self-regulatory" measures that are
in breach of the European Convention on Human Rights and the Commission's
own assessment of the legality of the measure.
The civil society in Poland is pushing hard to demand that the government
have the courage to take a position. EDRi-member the Panoptykon Foundation,
along with representatives of the Kidprotect Foundation, the Modern Poland
Foundation, the Foundation for Free and Open Source Software and the
Interactive Advertising Bureau Poland appealed to the Prime Minister to
ensure that Polish representation to the European Council takes a critical
stance on the Child Exploitation Directive.
In their appeal, the groups demanded proper action against the abuse, rather
than the childish act of placing its hands before its eyes in the hope that
the monsters would disappear. Illegal content must be removed and not hidden
by the creation of a censorship infrastructure.
Working document - Roberta Angelilli, Rapporteur - Proposal for a Directive
of the European Parliament and of the Council on combating the sexual abuse,
sexual exploitation of children and child pornography
Proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on
combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child
pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
"Impact assessment": Accompanying document to the Proposal for a Council
Framework Decision on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
Commission official explains the Commission's research (7.09.2010)
Cybercriminals thank Commissioner Malmstrvm
We are writing to the Prime Minister: Do not to block the Internet! (only in
Polish, 30.11.2010)
Civil Society Appeal (only in Polish, 29.11.2010)
Council draft negotiating text (26.11.2010)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Data protection authorities call for a strict EU-US privacy agreement
As the European Commission prepares to conclude a deal with the US on the
protection of personal data exchanged in police and criminal justice
cooperation matters, the European privacy watchdogs call for a strict and
clear privacy agreement.
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party (WP) sent a letter on 18 November
2010 to the three European main institutions (Council, Commission and
Parliament) expressing its concerns for not having been consulted on the
development of the discussion within the Council and European Parliament
over the draft negotiation mandate presented by the European Commission on
25 May 2010, voicing certain concerns and giving its recommendations.
Referring to the agreement as "an umbrella agreement" that should cover all
existing and future deals between the EU and the US and any other state as
well as between EU member states, the WP emphasizes the fact that it should
comply with the EU data protection framework including the Charter of Human
WP recommends that the agreement be widely applicable for a
"coherent and high level of data protection" and a clear purpose limitation
be imposed. "This means the agreement should be applicable to all
transfers of personal data to prevent, detect, investigate and prosecute
serious transnational crime and terrorist acts. This purpose should be
clearly defined by the agreement, preferably including a definition of 'law
enforcement purposes'".
In the WP's opinion, a national security exception for the transfer of data
concerning "essential national security interests and specific intelligence
activities in the field of national security" should not be considered.
Furthermore, the WP urges the Commission to obtain the retroactive
application of the future agreement to cover "all existing multilateral and
bilateral agreements between the EU and/or its Member States and the US,
unless the current level of data protection is higher than the level of
protection offered by the EU-US general agreement." A maximum 3-year
transition period could be acceptable.
Having in view the privacy issues raised by the TFTP II Agreement (so called
SWIFT) allowing the US to obtain access to information on international bank
transfers, the WP stresses the need for data protection safeguards in
the future agreement, including "full, effective and enforceable rights for
all individuals, including both administrative and judicial redress, and
limitations to bulk transfers."
On 24 November, LIBE (Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs) Committee
of the European Parliament Chairman also sent a letter to the EU Council on
the future EU-US agreement regarding the protection of personal data that
are transferred and processed in the framework of police and judicial
cooperation in criminal matters.
The letter reiterates the support of the European Parliament for the data
protection agreement draft mandate and reminds the urgent need of such an
agreement between the EU and US that should cover personal data exchanges as
well as an "early start to negotiations on enforceable data protection
rights" in compliance with the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights and EU Data
Protection Directive.
LIBE held on 25 October 2010 a public hearing on Data Protection in a
Transatlantic Perspective - Future EU-US data protection agreement in the
framework of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters - with MEP
Sophia In't Veld as chairperson.
While the US Ambassador to the EU assured that the US believed both parties
had to "safeguard their citizens' security to the same degree to which they
protect their liberties" and there was "no need to sacrifice privacy for
security", he showed concern that the proposed mandate might "jeopardize the
several hundred treaties, agreements, conventions, and arrangements
underpinning every facet of Europe's and the United States' robust
cooperation in justice and law enforcement" and believed that a
retrospective application of the mandate would create "confusion among the
law enforcement and legal authorities."
One of the most important interventions was that of Mr Rotenberg's from EPIC
(Electronic Privacy Information Center) who pointed out that in the US,
personal data is often "used for inappropriate purposes, there is no
transparency and rights are violated". In his opinion, the US data
protection laws should be amended. The Privacy Act of 1974, which refers
to the collection of personal data by the US federal agencies, does not
include non-US citizens or non lawful permanent residents. Also the Patriot
Act "has reduced the privacy standards for US and non-US citizens limiting
at the same time the power of the courts' authority in the matter."
Rotenberg considers that the data protection agreement could bring global
benefits influencing other countries in adopting stronger privacy acts to
protect the transfer of personal data.
Dr. Patrick Breyer from the German Working Group on Data Retention was very
firm in stating that the transfer of personal data to the US created the
risk of a violation of human rights and that no agreement could eliminate
that risk. However, an international agreement with the US could improve the
present situation if applied "exclusively to the information sharing that is
taking place under existing agreements, thus reducing the amount of
information shared and providing for more safeguards".
The negotiating mandate for the beginning of the talks between the European
Commission and the US is expected to be adopted at the Justice and Home
Affairs Council on 3 December 2010.
Article 29 Data protection working party - Data protection
authorities call for strict general privacy agreement with United States
Article 29 Data protection working party Letter to Vice-President Viviane
Reding Commissioner for Justice, Fundamental
Rights and Citizenship European Commission on EU-US General Agreement
EP LIBE - Future EU-US data protection agreement in the framework of police
and judicial cooperation in criminal matters (25/10/2010)
Letter of the Committee of Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs
Chairman on the future EU-US agreement on the protection of personal data to
Stefaan De Clerck of the EU Council (24.11.2010)
3. The Pirate Bay founders lost their appeal in the Swedish Appeals Court
Peter Sunde, Carl Lundstrvm and Fredrik Neij, who, in April 2009, were found
guilty of copyright infringement through their file-sharing website, The
Pirate Bay (TPB), have recently lost their appeal in Svea Court of Appeal.
Although the court has decided to reduce their imprisonment sentence of one
year to 8, 4 and 10 months respectively, it has however increased their
individual fines from about 3,45 million Euro to about 5 million Euro each.
A separate hearing will take place later for the forth TPB founder, Gottfrid
Svartholm Warg who was ill and could not take part in the proceedings with
the other three men.
Rick Falkvinge, leader of the Swedish Pirate Party, considers the trial was
politically-motivated and believes that: "The copyright laws have strayed so
far from the public's perception of justice that copyright cannot survive
without drastic reform. In such a reform, there is no place for today's
copyright industry."
La Quadrature du Net called the decision "both absurd and unfair. It
illustrates how an obsolete copyright law and its indiscriminate application
are harmful to society as a whole."
Christian Engstrom, member of the European Parliament for the Pirate Party
has told Deutsche Welle that the ruling only proved that the influence
corporations have on the Swedish coursts is too large.. "The lawyers for the
record companies are friends with the judges, both in the lower court and in
the appeals court. They belong to the same societies for copyright, which is
a lobby organization for copyright lawyers. This corruption unfortunately
leads to the fact that you can't get a fair trial in copyright-related
issues in Sweden today," he said. He also expressed his concern as to the
damage this kind of ruling might do to the Internet. "It's potentially very
damaging to the Internet as a whole that the providers of infrastructure
can't know if they will be held liable for what other people do."
Obviously, the music industry welcomed the ruling. "Today's judgement
confirms the illegality of The Pirate Bay and the seriousness of the crimes
of those involved." was the statement of the International Federation of the
Phonographic Industry's CEO Fances Moore.
The court had found that TPB "has facilitated illegal file sharing in a way
that results in criminal liability for those who run the service." However,
Pirate Bay facilitates the exchange of so-called Bit Torrent data but only
provides the links to content that is already available online. "This
decision amounts to condemning a library catalogue instead of the author of
some infringing content or activity" underlined La Quadrature du Net.
The defendants had claimed they could not be liable for the material
exchanged via their site, because the copyrighted material was not stored on
its servers and there was no actual exchange of files. But the prosecution
argued that, through TPB, the four men encouraged the infringement of
Sunde said on Twitter that the case would now go to the Swedish Supreme
Pirate Bay verdict: Three operators lose appeal- Prison sentences reduced
but fines jacked up (26.11.2010)
Swedish court turns down Pirate Bay appeal (26.11.2010)
The Pirate Bay Decision, or the Political Persecution of Sharing
Pirate Bay appeal failure spawns more DoS attacks - Revenge of Anonymous
EDRi-gram: The Pirate Bay founders considered guilty by the first Swedish
court (22.04.2009)
4. ICO started applying fines for Data Protection Act breaches
After having received increased powers in April 2010, the UK Data protection
authority (Information Commissioner Office - ICO) has recently used these
powers to fine an organisation and a local authority for having breached the
Data Protection Act.
Hertfordshire County Council has been fined with about 120 000 Euro for the
fact that its employees sent highly sensitive information by fax to the
wrong recipients twice, once in June to a member of the public instead of a
barrister and the second time, 13 days later, to the office of an
unconnected barrister instead of the Watford County Court.
"The Commissioner ruled that a monetary penalty of 100,000 pounds was
appropriate, given that the Council's procedures failed to stop two serious
breaches taking place where access to the data could have caused substantial
damage and distress," was the ICO's statement. The Commissioner considered
that the council did not take the necessary measures to reduce the risk of
another incident, after the first one.
Employment services company A4e was also fined with about 72 000 Euro for
having given a laptop with the unencrypted personal information of 24 000
people to an employee to take home. The laptop was stolen from the
employee's home and there was an unsuccessful attempt to access the
information. The information included individuals' names, dates of birth,
postcodes, employment status, income level, information about alleged
criminal activity and whether an individual had been a victim of violence.
ICO is also concerned about Google's collection of personal data with its
Street View vehicles. Initially, ICO considered it was unlikely that Google
had gathered too much information through its service but after it was
revealed that the company had gathered entire emails, user names and
passwords by mistake, ICO decided to make an audit of "Google's internal
privacy structure, privacy training programs and its system of privacy
reviews for new products."
"It is a significant achievement to have an undertaking from a major
multinational corporation like Google Inc. that extends to its global
policies and not just its UK activities. We will be keeping a close watch on
the progress Google makes and will follow up with an extensive audit,"
stated The Information Commissioner Christopher Graham.
Others are sceptic regarding ICO's influence on Google. "The Information
Commissioner is ineffective and is widely held in contempt," said Ross
Anderson, a professor of computer science at Cambridge University who
believes that the Information Commissioner is not feared by the companies he
is supposed to regulate." Mr. Anderson places more hope in the German
authorities which, in his opinion, " will have much more influence, and
indeed Google now does its privacy research in Munich. (...) They know that
if they can sell their privacy policies there, they will work everywhere
ICO issues first ever data protection fines (24.11.2010)
Google allows ICO to check privacy practices (22.11.2010)
Google's agreement to delete British WiFi data does not impress experts
EDRi-gram: Google admits it was gathering passwords and emails via
StreetView (3.11.2010)
5. Azeri bloggers released from prison
After a long and continuous pressure from several civil society groups and
European international organisations such as the European Parliament, the
Presidency of the European Union, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council
of Europe (PACE), the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
(OSCE), Human Rights Watch and Reporters Without Borders, the US President
Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hilary Clinton, the two Azeri bloggers
arrested in 2009 on false pretences of hooliganism, have been finally
released from prison.
A Baku court released Emin Milli on 18 November 2010, one day after his
friend Adnan Hajizade's release. The court however did not release them on
account of their innocence; it just suspended the rest of their sentence (14
months out of the entire 30 and 24 months sentence respectively).
The decision was welcomed by Reporters Without Borders which, however,
expressed its disappointment for the fact that the bloggers had not been
cleared. "We nonetheless regret that his conviction has not been quashed as
we have always insisted that he was arrested for exercising the right to
free expression and was jailed on grotesque charges after a sham trial. The
vigilance must not let up and the campaigning must continue in order to
protect him from any kind of harassment or intimidation by the authorities
and to obtain the release of Milli and Fatullayev," stated the organisation.
After his release, Hajizade reaffirmed his innocence and said he would
remain in Azerbaijan and continue his blogging. "I am not guilty and will
demand full rehabilitation. Freedom is my right," he said. Adnan Hajizade
and Emin Milli's lawyers have submitted their case to the European Court of
Human Rights hoping to overturn their conviction and be declared innocent.
On this occasion, pressure for all sides continues for the release of
newspaper editor Eynulla Fatullayev who has been imprisoned since April
2007 for his political convictions, on false pretences as well. On 22 April
2010, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that the journalist had been
illegally detained and asked for his immediate release. The Azeri
supreme court partially complied with the European Court ruling by rejecting
his conviction on charges of terrorism and inciting hatred. Yet, the court
still retained the earlier conviction on charges of tax fraud and possession
of heroin.
Blogger Emin Milli freed in his turn (only in French, 19.11.2010)
Azerbaijan: 'Donkey bloggers' released (19.11.2010)
Second blogger freed, one day after his colleague (19.11.2010)
Supreme court partially accepts European court ruling but refuses to free
journalist (12.11.2010)
EDRi-gram: Azeri bloggers appeal rejected by the Supreme Court (25.08.2010)
6. Ireland: reshaping the law for the digital economy
EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland, Google and the Institute of
International and European Affairs co-sponsored an event in Dublin on 19
November 2010 which presented suggestions for the reform of Irish law to
promote digital innovation.
Speakers were Niall O'Riordan (Google) who called for developing
fair use at the Irish and European level, Kate O'Sullivan (UPC) who spoke on
the topic of the difficulties faced by ISPs due to the music industry
demands that they act as copyright police, Johnny Ryan (IIEA) who placed the
growth of interactive media in a historical context, Nick Kelly (musician
and author) who spoke about the challenges he has faced in selling music
online since moving from a major label, and Darragh Doyle (Boards.ie) who
discussed the problems online forums face under Irish law.
Chairing the event was TJ McIntyre from Digital Rights Ireland who concluded
with a presentation which called for reform of defamation law and for
greater immunities to be given to intermediaries under the Irish law.
Copyright and defamation law is repelling investors (26.11.2010)
Reshaping the Law for the Digital Economy - I (23.11.2010)
Reshaping the Law for the Digital Economy - II - the liability of
intermediaries (24.11.2010)
(contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
7. Lack of net neutrality and open standards threaten the web
"The Web is critical not merely to the digital revolution but to our
continued prosperity-and even our liberty. Like democracy itself, it needs
This is the subtitle of a recent article of Tim Berners-Lee published in
the Scientific American Magazine on 22 November 2010 where he focuses on the
new threats of the current developments of the world wide web: lack of
Internet neutrality, social networking, closed standards and attempts from
governments to snoop on web communications.
The articles titled "Long Live the Web: A Call for Continued Open Standards
and Neutrality" gives the opportunity to the inventor of the WWW in 1990 to
focus on the core design principles of the web and how they are endangered
today by new policies from private and public actors on the Internet.
Sir Tim Berners-Lee points to Internet neutrality as one of the core
issues that needs to be preserved in order to allow the unhindered
development of the WWW, based on its principles of universality and
The author is clear in emphasizing why legislation is needed to protect
these principles: "A neutral communications medium is the basis of a fair,
competitive market economy, of democracy, and of science. Debate has risen
again in the past year about whether government legislation is needed to
protect net neutrality. It is. Although the Internet and Web generally
thrive on lack of regulation, some basic values have to be legally
preserved. "
The father of the WWW also explains what the open standards are key to keep
innovation at maximum in the Internet:
"By 'open standards' I mean standards that can have any committed expert
involved in the design, that have been widely reviewed as acceptable, that
are available for free on the Web, and that are royalty-free (no need to
pay) for developers and users. Open, royalty-free standards that are easy to
use create the diverse richness of Web sites, from the big names such as
Amazon, Craigslist and Wikipedia to obscure blogs written by adult hobbyists
and to homegrown videos posted by teenagers."
Sir Tim Berners-Lee also points to stupid EU legislation, such as the Hadopi
law in France or the Digital Economy Bill in the UK to prove that the
normative processalso needs to be under scrutiny to ensure the respect of
human rights in the online environment as well:
"In these cases, no due process of law protects people before they are
disconnected or their sites are blocked. Given the many ways the Web is
crucial to our lives and our work, disconnection is a form of deprivation of
liberty. "
Long Live the Web: A Call for Continued Open Standards and Neutrality
Social networking is undermining the web, says web inventor (22.11.2010)
8. ENDItorial: EC Internal Security Strategy - My dog is a cat
The European Commission (EC) recently published its "Internal Security
Strategy" - a wide-ranging security programme covering international crime
networks, radicalisation, cybersecurity, border management and
crisis/disaster management.
One almost amusing element is how it included "piracy" (meaning unauthorised
downloads) as a security issue. The logic is very reminiscent of the 1980s
British comedy "Yes Prime Minister" where a senior civil servant explains to
a colleague how to argue to stop power being put in the hands of citizens.
"All cats have four legs, so does my dog. So my dog is a cat".
Counterfeiting is sometimes carried out by criminal gangs, who are a
security threat. Counterfeiting is an intellectual property infringement.
"Piracy" is an intellectual property infringement, so "piracy" is a security
Meanwhile, some elements that are missing are also interesting. For example,
the Strategy argues that "security should be integrated in relevant
strategic partnerships" but, having accused major trading partners like the
USA of failing to take action against online child abuse and international
trade in abuse images, the strategy prioritises "trafficking in human
beings, drugs trafficking and terrorism" for this action. Indeed, while the
strategy covers, in the Commission's own words "seemingly petty crimes", the
child abuse that was such a priority when tackling the symptoms via
blocking, fails to get a single mention in the document.
With regard to cybercrime, the Strategy suggests the creation of a
"cybercrime centre" to build operational and technical capacity, working
with national Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs) and the European
Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA). The proposal to have a
centralized hub for reporting of all forms of illegal material (useful for
creating multiple blocking lists for Internet access providers), which was
first made under the French Presidency of the EU, is made again. However,
this still does not have adequate political support, so the Strategy says
that this will be introduced "if appropriate".
Even though no progress has been made on the Commission's proposals for an
industry agreement for extra-judicial deletion of websites accused of child
abuse, xenophobia or terrorism since the summer, the Strategy suggests that
this will be achieved by 2011. The Commission has organised a meeting on 15
December 2010 with the industry to push its draft agreement, with a separate
informal meeting the week before to discuss "outstanding issues".
Communication: The EU Internal Security Strategy in Action: Five steps
towards a more secure Europe (22.11.2010)
Draft Agreement on Notice and Takedown
Joint EDRI/EuroISPA response to Commission proposal (9.07.2010)
Yes Minister
EDRI-gram: EDRi and EuroISPA attack EC's demands for notice and takedown
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Action
Consultation on a future EU Culture programme
Deadline: 15 December 2010
10. Recommended Reading
IViR: Moving Towards Balance - A study into duties of care on the Internet
OSCE FOM Preliminary report: Study of legal provisions and practices related
to freedom of expression, the free flow of information and media pluralism
on the Internet in the OSCE participating States. (26.11.2010)
EU Counter-Terrorism policy: EDPS calls for a systematic and consistent
approach to avoid unnecessary restrictions to privacy (24.11.2010)
Antitrust: Commission probes allegations of antitrust violations by Google
The Kids Are Alright* - A survey of the privacy habits and preferences of
teens and their parents on social networks
11. Agenda
3 December 2010, Brussels, Belgium
Taking on the data retention directive
15-16 December 2010, Brussels, Belgium.
"Lift-off Towards Open Government"
27-30 December 2010, Berlin, Germany
27th Chaos Communication Congress (27C3)
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
23-28 February 2011, Gosier, Guadeloupe, France
ICDS 2011- 5th International Conference on Digital Society
11-12 March 2011, Ankara, Turkey
ICEGEG-2011- 3rd International Conference on E-Government and E-Governance
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
Nominations open until 31 Dec 2010
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-12-15 21:24:36
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.24, 15 December 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
  Number 8.24, 15 December 2010
Bonus EDRi-gram
1. Rule of law in the hands of private companies.Wikileaks is just the start
2. Data Retention Directive evaluation: expect the unexpected?
3. Commission finds solution on notice and takedown and it seeks the problem
4. ECJ to discuss the case of eBay & trademark infringement
5. Council text on web blocking - breaking the law to fight crime
6. French law Loppsi 2 under debate again
7. Privacy Platform Meeting
8. Sweden's high court sends IP-data protection conflict to the ECJ
9. ENDitorial: WIPO SCCR 21 session
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
Bonus EDRi-gram
This is the last regular issue of EDRi-gram for 2010. For the good boys and
girls a special BONUS EDRi-gram will be sent just a few days before
Christmas. :-)
The next regular issue of EDRi-gram, number 9.1, will be published on 12
January 2011.
1. Rule of law in the hands of private companies.Wikileaks is just the start
Private-sector attempts to undermine and attack the ability of WikiLeaks to
function on the Internet have attracted much attention.  Their domain name
(wikileaks.org) was was taken out of service by EveryDNS, their ability to
collect funds was restricted by Paypal, Visa and Mastercard while Amazon
deleted their website. When did we abandon the rule of law and replace it
with summary justice meted out by private companies? How does it happen that
private companies can punish a website that has never been convicted of a
crime? Why would they do this?
The truth is that there have been years of "behind-the-scenes" efforts by
(mostly western) governments to persuade, reward or coerce Internet
companies into developing censorship structures. Under the harmless-sounding
flag of "self-regulation," and demands that Internet providers take more
responsibility for illegal online activity, a comprehensive infrastructure
is being put in place. The purpose of this infrastructure is to hand over
quasi-judicial responsibilities to private companies, which, less bound by
the obligations imposed on courts, impose summary justice on those accused
of illegal activity online. This action can be to have payments being
blocked by payment providers, websites deleted and Internet traffic filtered
by Internet providers,  slowly and imperceptibly eroding the rule of law.
While western governments must respect their constitutions, life becomes
much simpler when private companies can take extra-judicial action against
uncomfortable online information.
Even before WikiLeaks had been heard of by anyone in Europe except geeks,
the European Commission had launched proposals for European web hosting
companies to take extra-judicial action to delete websites without judicial
authority (helpfully suggesting that they give themselves licence to do so
in their terms of service), online trading platforms to ban people accused
of counterfeiting from online trade, Internet access providers to filter
peer to peer traffic in order to delete anything that might not be
authorised by copyright owners and mobile phone companies to block alleged
illegal content from their networks.
This is not just a European phenomenon. The EU negotiated the
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement with countries around the world. This
agreement suggests extra-judicial "cooperation" between Internet providers
and copyright owners to police and punish alleged infringements. The
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development has launched a major
project on the role of Internet intermediaries in "achieving public policy
objectives". The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe
actively welcomes an approach where the only punishment for the publication
of racist material online is the extra-judicial deletion of the websites
containing the material. The list goes on.
Unfortunately, this trend for governments to outsource regulation of the
Internet is happening at a moment when Internet companies are increasingly
open to such requests. Companies like Virgin and Deutsche Telekom/T-Mobile
are campaigning for the right to interfere in Internet traffic for their own
commercial purposes. Virgin has announced plans to implement technology to
open every packet of data sent to or received from its consumers in order to
police possible copyright infringements, which would undermine its music
business. Deutsche Telekom has also signaled its intention to restrict
access of its customers to high-bandwidth sites. Earlier this year, its CEO
reportedly demanded that Google be required to pay for the bandwidth used to
access its services.
The increasing willingness of the largest Internet providers to interfere
with their customers' traffic for business purposes obviously creates
dangers for competition, innovation and free speech - dangers that would
normally inspire government intervention for the good of society. Instead
there appears to be a silent agreement - Internet companies will gradually
undertake extra policing activities and, in return, they will be left free
to slowly dismantle the openness that is at the heart of its value for
democratic society.
Deutsche Telekom moves against Apple, Google and net neutrality  (7.04.2010)
Virgin Media to trial filesharing monitoring system (26.11.2010)
EDRi-gram: E-Commerce directive: ensure freedom of expression and due
process of law (17.11.2010)
EDRi-gram: EDRi and EuroISPA attack EC's demands for notice and takedown
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Data Retention Directive evaluation: expect the unexpected?
The evaluation of the controversial Data Retention Directive takes an
unexpected turn, for the worse. At a crucial one-day conference in Brussels
on 3 December 2010, aimed at gathering input for the evaluation, long-term
critic of the Directive Commissioner Malmstrvm (DG Home Affairs)
surprisingly announced that "data retention is here to stay".
The statement not only disregards legal developments since 2005, the
damage done by telecommunications data retention to 500 million
Europeans and the lack of evidence that such a measure is necessary and
proportionate. On top of that, the Commissioner undermines the entire
evaluation process and the evidence-based decision making itself. To great
risk, because our fundamental freedoms and the very nature of our free
and open societies is at stake.
Nevertheless, the unexpected statements of the Commissioner could turn out
to be momentary. Each member of the Commission swore, for the first time in
history, a legally binding oath before the European Court of Justice to
respect the Fundamental Rights Charter on 3 May of this year. In 2011, the
same European Court of Justice will rule on the constitutionality of the
principle of data retention, after a referral of this question by the Irish
High Court. The Commission might realize in time that it will lose its
credibility, once the Court - taking note of the ECJ Schecke ('86) and ECtHR
Marper ('119-125) judgements - rules data retention in breach of our
fundamental rights to privacy. Better stand up for the rights of 500 million
citizens now, than feeling sorry afterwards.
"We shouldn't put the privacy of all citizens at risk", Commissioner Reding
(Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship) told Dutch newspaper NRC
Handelsblad recently. So the Commission is divided on this controversial
issue. In the evaluation report, to be published in the first quarter of
2011, the entire Commission will have its say. Is data retention here to
stay? We might as well expect the unexpected.
Entire report of the conference "Taking on the Data Retention Directive"
EDRi's keynote lecture  at the conference "What does the European
Commission owe 500 million Europeans?" (3.12.2010)
Cecilia Malmstrvm Member of the European Commission responsible for Home
Affairs Taking on the Data Retention Directive European Commission
conference in Brussels (3.12.2010)
(Contribution by Axel Arnbak - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom - Netherlands)
3. Commission finds solution on notice and takedown and it seeks the problem
On 15 December 2009, the European Commission held its third meeting on
"public  private cooperation to counter the dissemination of illegal content
in the European Union. The first meeting took place in November 2009 and the
second in May 2010.
After the previous meeting, the European Commission received written
comments jointly from EDRi and EuroISPA as well as a variety of industry
players. Six months later, the Commission finally reacted to that feedback,
sending participants revised recommendations on the evening before the
The Commission tried to open discussions on its recommendations for
extra-judicial takedown of material that has been accused of being illegal,
on grounds of containing child abuse, racism/xenophobia or terrorist
content. However, both industry and EDRi demanded repeatedly that the
Commission finally should define the problems that it believes it is
addressing by this initiative. Unfortunately, the Commission steadfastly
refused to do this. The Commission also choose not to answer a direct
question as to how this initiative complies with either Article 10 of the
European Convention on Human Rights (which requires a legal basis for
interferences with communication) and the 2003 Interinstitutional Agreement,
which obliges the Commission not to promote co- or self-regulatory measures
in relation to matters of significance to fundamental rights.
In the afternoon session, DG Information Society of the European Commission
explicitly stated that some Member States do not devote adequate resources
to addressing online child abuse and that it is "at the bottom of the
(priority) list" in some European countries. As a result, the Commission is
focusing on takedown of the criminal websites and is developing statistical
tools to assess the speed with which sites are deleted.
Contradicting repeated statements about the "need" to block websites in the
USA, Russia and Ukraine, the Commission explained that significant progress
was being made in those countries. This may not necessarily be such good
news - exporting a system where criminals are "punished" by having their
websites deleted rather than facing a judicial procedure in full respect of
the rule of law does little to respect the EU's obligation to support
democracy and the rule of law internationally.
The Commission then invited an anti-spam initiative in order to allegedly
demonstrate how Internet intermediaries can regulate the online environment.
The meeting closed with industry stressing the lack of clarity about where
the process was meant to go, the relevance of the "recommendations"
published by the Commission and the fact that lack of resources in law
enforcement agencies cannot be solved by industry actions.
The Commission may or may not provide more guidance on whatever problem that
this process is supposed to solve, but asks for industry input on this.
Comments are requested by the end of January, with a working group meeting
planned for February and another "plenary" meeting in April.
Draft Recommendations
EDRi-gram: Joint EDRi/EuroISPA response to previous round of consultations
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
4. ECJ to discuss the case of eBay & trademark infringement
In the case introduced by L'Oreal against auction site eBay and referred by
the High Court of Justice (England and Wales) to the European Court of
Justice (ECJ) the Advocate General, Niilo Jaaskinen, published on 9
December 2010 its opinion that the site could not be considered liable for
trademark infringement committed by its users in case it was not expressly
notified regarding such infringements.
However, in case electronic marketplaces, such as eBay, do not take measures
to stop a trademark infringement when notified of it, they will no longer be
except from liability:
"Regarding the same user and the same trade mark an operator of an
electronic marketplace has actual knowledge in a case where the same
activity continues in the form of subsequent listings and can also be
required to disable access to the information the user uploads in the
future. In other words, exemption from liability does not apply in cases
where the electronic marketplace operator has been notified of infringing
use of a trade mark, and the same user continues or repeats the same
infringement," says the Advocate General.
In 2007, L'Orial notified eBay of its concerns about the sale of its goods
on eBay's European websites and, dissatisfied with the site's answer,
brought a legal action against eBay in Belgium, Britain, France, Germany and
Spain. L'Oreal claimed eBay was equally liable, together with its users, for
potential brand infringements which included eBay users selling L'Orial
perfumes and cosmetics samples meant for free distribution, removing package
boxes from perfumes and cosmetics before selling them via eBay or selling
their products intended for markets outside of Europe. eBay argued the were
just hosting the auctions and therefore not directly liable, according to
the EU E-commerce directive.
In an earlier case this year dealing with the conflict between trademark
infringement and contextual adevertising brought by a group of luxury goods
companies in March 2010, the ECJ ruled that Google could continue selling
advertisements linked to searches for brand names. Similarly, the Advocate
General now believes eBay can continue to purchase keywords-based
advertising in order to direct users of Internet search engines to its site
(including L'Orial trademarks) stating that "the use of the disputed
trademarks as keywords by eBay does not necessarily result in misleading the
consumers as to the origin of the goods offered." Yet, he also expressed
himself in favour of L'Orial, stating the company can prohibit the selling
of goods with the outer packaging removed if this is damaging for the
company's reputation or the function or quality of its products. Also, trade
mark protection can be invoked where goods for sale on eBay haven't been put
on the market within the EU.
It seems both eBay and L'Oreal have received Jaaskinen's opinion positively:
"Despite the complexity of the issues and the preliminary nature of the
advocate general's opinion, we are encouraged that the ECJ's final judgment
will reinforce European consumers' freedom to buy and sell authentic goods
online," stated Steve Milton, Director of Corporate Communications at eBay
L'Orial believes that the opinion is a balanced one and "is overall
consistent with the stance that L'Orial has held for several years," and
that it also supports "effective combating of internet-based counterfeit
product sales."
The Advocate general's opinion is not binding for the ECJ but, in most of
the cases the Court follows his recommendations. Usually,
the ECJ rules between three and six months after the advocate general's
Also, in the US, the Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal in a similar
case, thus supporting the ruling made by the Appeal Court on 1 April 2010 in
the case brought by jeweller Tiffany against eBay in 2004 and consequently
making the ruling definitive. The Court of Appeal's decision was that eBay
did not infringe trademarks when allowing counterfeit sales in its auction
sales. The court considered that eBay had fulfilled its duty by removing
certain items when so asked by Tiffany, and that its obligations went no
further than that. However, the Court of Appeal asked the lower court in the
case to rule on whether eBay adverts for Tiffany goods were infringing false
advertising regulations.
Opinion of Advocate Genral Jaaskinen in L'Oreal vs eBay case C 324/09
ECJ could increase online sellers' liability for trade mark infringements
US ruling relieving eBay of trade mark liability over fakes will stand
5. Council text on web blocking - breaking the law to fight crime
The Council of Justice Ministers adopted a text on web blocking at its
recent meeting in Brussels on 2-3 December 2010. The Belgian Presidency, for
domestic reasons, felt obliged to adopt a text during its term of office. As
a result, the outcome is a hastily cobbled together text that makes little
legal sense and whose main value is to finally betray the real meaning
behind the proposal.
The adopted text can be divided into two main parts:
1. "Member States shall take the necessary measures, including through
non-legislative measures, to ensure that the blocking of access to webpages
containing or disseminating child pornography is possible towards the
Internet users in their territory."
Under the UN Child Rights Convention, Member States are already under a
binding legal obligation to take all appropriate measures to prevent the
"exploitative use of children in pornographic performances and materials".
If Member States do not feel that blocking is "necessary" to achieve this,
the Council's wording would not create an obligation for them to suddenly
make a different analysis that would make blocking obligatory.
However, the text is very clear about the obligation to create an
infrastructure which is capable of implementing the blocking of web pages
(Member States shall (...) ensure that the blocking of access to webpages
(...) is possible (...) in their territory.)
The reference to "non-legislative" measures is particularly interesting
because blocking via "self-regulatory" mechanisms by Internet providers is
unquestionably illegal. It is illegal under:
a. The European Convention on Human Rights - Article 10 "The exercise of
these freedoms (...) may be subject to such formalities, conditions,
restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law"
b. The European Commission's own impact assessment - "Such measures must
indeed be subject to law, or they are illegal."
c. The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Article 19.3
"The exercise of the rights provided for in paragraph 2 of this article
carries with it special duties and responsibilities. It may therefore be
subject to certain restrictions, but these shall only be such as are
provided by law and are necessary."
d. The 2003 Interinstitutional Agreement on Better Lawmaking - Article 17:
"The Commission will ensure that any use of co-regulation or self-regulation
is always consistent with Community law (...) These mechanisms will not be
applicable where fundamental rights or important political options are at
stake or in situations where the rules must be applied in a uniform fashion
in all Member States."
2. The second element of the agreement is also noteworthy. It requires that
the individuals accused of uploading depictions of serious crimes against
children are informed that their site is blocked and "as far as possible,
are informed of the possibility of challenging it." Such an obligation would
only be necessary if it is assumed that there would be no investigation or
prosecution of the individuals that uploaded the site. In Belgium, this is
done by providing a fax number on the blocking page that will not be
available to the person who, by definition, will be not be in Belgium and
therefore not able to see the page.
Council text (26.11.2010)
Interinstitutional agreement on better law making (31.12.2003)
Impact assessment - Accompanying document to the Proposal for a Council
Framework Decision on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
Convention on the Rights of the Child (20.11.1989)
European Convention on Human Rights
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
6. French law Loppsi 2 under debate again
The so-called Loppsi 2 draft law (loi d'orientation et de programmation pour
la performance de la sicuriti intirieure - law on guidelines and programming
for the performance of internal security) is being discussed these days in
the French General Assembly in second reading, after having been approved by
the Senate in September 2010.
The National Assembly is continuing the long and controversial debate on the
draft text which might allow the blocking, at the level of ISPs, of websites
considered by the authorities as undesirable, without judiciary control and
which may give the police authority to install spyware on PCs, without the
users' knowledge and without having to justify their actions.
Article 4 of the text referring to the blocking of child pornography sites
is considered as a Trojan horse. The concerns are that the filtering may be
extended to other types of sites out of political reasons as it happened
with FNAEG (Fichier National Automatisi des Empreintes Ginitiques -
Automated National File of Genetic Prints) which started initially by
gathering the DNA data of sexual criminals and ended up in containing the
DNAs of more than 1,5 million people.
Many organizations (even child protection ones) have expressed several times
the idea that, while supporting the fight against child pornography sites,
they also believed that the measures proposed by the French government were
disproportionate and most of all inefficient.
La Quadrature du Net has brought as example the attempts to forbid the
hosting of Wikileaks in France. "This shocking maneuver is a new
demonstration of the government's will to by-pass the legal authority in
order to play the Internet police in contempt of the fundamental rights. The
child protection pretext is only a means for the political power to
establish a filtering infrastructure for the information on the net" stated
the organization.
The organisations belonging to CLEJ (Collectif Liberti Egaliti Justice -
Collective for Freedom, Equality and Justice), warn over the fact that the
draft text "reveals a political line that is particularly worrying:
databases, surveillance, control, detention!"
The group is worried by the increased surveillance and believes that "in
France the goal is to increase the spying of public space to the maximum:
the authorities will be able to place video-surveillance devices practically
everywhere in public spaces."
After going through the National Assembly, the text will go back to the
Senate at the beginning of 2011. According to Girard Larcher, President of
French Senate the debate next year will be difficult and "fierce".
LOPPSI 2: not in our name ! Statement by CLEJ which is open for signatures
(only in French, 2.12.2010)
Loppsi 2, custody, Immigration: Larcher predicted "difficulties" in the
Senate (only in French, 9.12.2010)
LOPPSI examan delayed, probably towards late December (only in French,
Wikileaks, possible target of Loppsi ? (only in French, 9.12.2010)
EDRi-gram: Blocking websites approved by the French Senate (22.09.2010)
7. Privacy Platform Meeting
On 1 December 2010, the Privacy Platform held a meeting on the Commission's
recent Communication on updating the Data Protection Directive. Hosted by
Sophie in't Veld MEP, the panel consisted of: Martin Selmayr, Head of
Commissioner Reding's cabinet (who spoke in her absence as the Commissioner
was ill), Jacob Kohnstamm, Chairman of the Article 29 WP, and Peter Hustinx,
the European Data Protection Supervisor.
The meeting was well attended and overall, it followed standard storyline.
In regard to the Communication and future steps for the revised Data
Protection Directive, Mr. Kohnstamm urged that more ambition was needed, and
listed five general principles that should be kept in mind. First that class
action is a necessity, the patchwork of data protection rules should be a
thing of the past (particularly in the post-Lisbon EU), the duty of
controllers should be strengthened, privacy by design should be addressed
more thoroughly and that there should be better enforcement powers for data
protection authorities (DPA).
Peter Hustinx, echoing many statements in support of the Article 29 WP
Chairman, emphasized the need to take a bold approach, particularly in terms
of enforcement, accountability, harmonisation and including privacy by
design into the beginning of the development process rather than tackling it
at the end. This approach is outlined in more detail in his recently
published policy paper which outlines a more robust approach to data
The issue of real consent was discussed throughout the meeting, where Marc
Rotenberg from the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), commented
that "consent" is often anti-privacy, as its terms are dictated by the firm
in question. Mr. Hustinx agreed, saying that transparency does not equal
consent. Sophie in't Veld made the point that consent implies choice, but in
reality, "choice" does not really exist.
In regard to public authorities taking more responsibility and
accountability, Ms. In't Veld pointed to the irony that they are usually the
greatest violators of privacy, illustrating another dilemma with regards to
attaining adequate data protection in the information society.
There was discussion of sanctions and better enforcement measures for the
Data Protection Directive and for DPAs. Mr. Kohnstamm agreed that more
sanctions are needed, but that the measures also need to expand power and
scope in order to logistically take on the added load (adding that currently
there are only 80 employees in his DPA).
The public consultation on the Communication is open until 15 January 2011.
The Commission plans to release the final review of the Data Protection
Directive sometime "around" the summer of 2011.
Videoclips from the Privacy Platform meeting:
Sophie In't Veld:
Peter Hustinx, EDPS
Commission Communication on "a comprehensive strategy on data protection in
the European Union"
EDPS Policy Paper on Monitoring and Ensuring Compliance with Regulation (EC)
45/2001 (13.12.2010)
(contribution by Raegan MacDonald - EDRi)
8. Sweden's high court sends IP-data protection conflict to the ECJ
The Swedish ISP TeliaSonera has recently received a decision at the Swedish
Supreme Court that questions a 2009 court decision forcing it to hand over
the identity of SweTorrents BitTorrent site operator.
In 2009, four movie studios represented by anti-piracy group Antipiratbyran
took TeliaSonera to Svdertvrn District Court which forced the ISP to reveal
the identity of the respective file-sharer.
The anti-piracy group as well as the court considered that, based on
Sweden's IPRED (Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive)
legislation, ISPs had the obligation to reveal to rightholders the identity
of customers involved in copyright infringement cases. The provider refused
to comply arguing that ISPs had the fundamental right to protect their
customers' privacy and pointing out the conflicts between IPRED and the
European Data Protection Directive.
TeliaSonera appealed, but in May 2010, the Court of Appeal upheld the
District Court's decision, ruling that the ISP would face a fine amounting
to about 80 000 euro in case of non-compliance. TeliaSonera appealed again
taking the case to the Supreme Court which has now ruled to postpone the
decision and send the case to the European Court of Justice (ECJ) in
Luxembourg in order to clarfy the conflict between data protection and IP
enforcement provisions.
"It is good that the Supreme Court shares our view that there must be a
balance between the interests in matters of principle and that court has now
therefore decided that TeliaSonera's case should await the ECJ ruling, "said
Patrick Hiselius, TeliaSonera's lawyer.
This means that a final decision in the matter might take a few years. And,
as there is nothing in the Swedish Electronic Communications Law that
obliges ISPs to store information about the IP addresses of their customers,
Telia, as well as the other ISPs, will be free to stop storing data or
delete data in order to protect the privacy of their customers. At least
until the data retention directive is implemented in Sweden.
ISPs Free To Continue Deleting Evidence Against File-Sharers (7.12.2010)
Supreme Court decision on IPRED  (only in Swedish, updated 6.12.2010)
EDRi-gram: The new Swedish anti-piracy law stirs things for file sharers
9. ENDitorial: WIPO SCCR 21 session
The present text is a report from the Standing Committee on Copyright and
Related Rights 21st meeting in Geneva, Switzerland (SCCR 21).
In this report, the debate on the Broadcasting Organizations' protection
(except for the NGO statements) is not included due to the fact that the
author was not present during these negotiations.
The discussions on the matter started during the afternoon of the second day
of the meeting. A handy comparison chart of the four previously introduced
proposals from 2009 and 2010 was available, from which it was fairly easy to
catch up with the current discussion. Brazil, Ecuador and Paraguay (later
joined by Mexico - thus the BEMP Treaty proposal) and the African Group made
fairly similar proposals, based on a World Blind Union recommendation
for the visually impaired (various terminologies were used in various
documents, e.g. blind and other reading disabilities or persons with print
and other reading disabilities - for the purpose of this document, they mean
the same). In their proposals, other disabled people were also mentioned,
unlike the US or EU proposals, which were in this and other respects much
more restrictive in the exceptions proposed. The exceptions for other
disabled were, in the final document, moved to a different meeting, together
with the limitations and exceptions for educational and research
institutions, libraries and archives.
During the meeting, KEI made a statement supporting the BEMP Treaty
proposal for extending the exceptions to include other disabled in need than
only visually impaired, which I signed on EDRi's behalf.
Most of the discussion in the meeting, from Wednesday on, revolved around
the issue of limitations and exceptions for the visually impaired.
Unfortunately, that left little time for the multitude of other topics that
should have been handled. This was recognized, and thus, what the meeting
actually ended up in doing on the topics left unhandled was to divide them
up between additional working days and the coming SCCR meetings in the
following manner:
May/June 2011, SCCR 22: three additional working days for limitations and
exceptions for persons with print and other reading disabilities, to be
presented to the WIPO General Assembly (GA) during September 2011, where a
decision is to be taken on the topic.
November 2011, SCCR 23: three additional working days for limitations and
exceptions for libraries and archives. This was an especially hot topic
amongst the NGOs, as it originally seemed that educational and research
institutions would have been handled before libraries and archives and all
were predicting that to be a much tougher negotiation, possibly having
repercussions on the negotiations for libraries and archives.
It seems that the limitations and exceptions for archives is going to be a
lot easier topic to handle than for libraries. There is little point in
limiting the usage of archive material, especially (but not only)
in the case of orphan works, by the archives. It is, after all, fairly
unlikely that these would be profitable usages nor that they would be
"misused", in the sense of the current copyright law or its related rights.
The question for libraries is arguably tougher, although, access to
information through libraries should be a clear goal to educate the people.
May/June 2012, SCCR 24: again, three additional working days to the regular
session, now for the limitations and exceptions for education, teaching and
research institutions, and, rather surprisingly, persons with other
disabilities (than print or reading impaired).
There seemed to be no representatives for education, teaching and research
NGOs and institutions at the meeting. Maybe they were there, but the NGOs
representing visually impaired, libraries, archives and general purpose NGOs
such as EDRi, EFF and KEI (although, no FSF, even though they had a seat -
unfortunate), and of course the associations representing copyright holders
and 'casters were at least much more visible.
Both SCCR 23 and SCCR 24 results are to be presented in the following WIPO
GA meeting in September 2012.
Basically, the exceptions for various disabled are not going to switch the
field of copyright much to any direction - nor will the exceptions to
archives. And these exceptions are easily justifiable by the mere access to
information argument - access to extremely limited amount of information
compared to non-disabled, in any case.
The exceptions for libraries, schools, higher education and research, on the
other hand, might be more meaningful from a copyright perspective. But in a
good sense, as in getting access to information for those who, at
the moment, are lacking it, especially for education but also for cultural
purposes (as is of course true for disabled as well!).
As it seems to be becoming more and more common, the meeting stretched until
(and past) midnight on the last evening. The final version of the timetable
for further negotiations was accepted 7 minutes to midnight - after midnight
it would have been too late, and it would have gone to SCCR 22. After that,
the paper was still discussed, thanks were given etc., but basically, the
result of SCCR 21 was achieved at that point.
Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights : Twenty-First Session
Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights : Twentieth Session
Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights : Eighteenth Session
Communication to SCCR delegates regarding the beneficiaries of a new WIPO
treaty for copyright exceptions for disabilities (12.11.2010)
(Contribution by Kai K. Kimppa - EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Foundation
10. Recommended Action
Join EFF in Standing up Against Internet Censorship (12.2010)
11. Recommended Reading
Data protection compliance in the EU administration:
EDPS adopts comprehensive policy on supervision and enforcement (13.12.2010)
The Downside of Data Sharing (10.12.2010)
Video Oxcars 2010
12. Agenda
15-16 December 2010, Brussels, Belgium.
"Lift-off Towards Open Government"
27-30 December 2010, Berlin, Germany
27th Chaos Communication Congress (27C3)
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
26 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
Cultural Diversity and Europe 2020: Nuisance or necessity?
23-28 February 2011, Gosier, Guadeloupe, France
ICDS 2011- 5th International Conference on Digital Society
24-25 February 2011, Berlin, Germany
The First OAPEN Conference
11-12 March 2011, Ankara, Turkey
ICEGEG-2011- 3rd International Conference on E-Government and E-Governance
28 March 2011, Paris, France
5th European eAccessbility Forum: Benefits and costs of e-accessibility
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
Nominations open until 31 Dec 2010
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-02-24 22:01:21
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.4, 24 February 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.4, 24 February 2010
1. Leaked ACTA text confirms suspicions
2. First decision in the Italian criminal case against Google executives
3. France's Parliament pursues its goal to censor the Internet
4. Germany's President signs an Internet bill against his own government
5. Spanish Fiscal Council criticizes the new draft law on IPR enforcement
6. EP: Draft reports on IPR enforcement published
7. French Court says an IP address is not enough for a user's identification
8. Chip and PIN system proven to be flawed
9. New Google's service raises privacy concerns
10. Romania: Moral damages for publishing personal data online
11. Germany DPAs to discuss the EU-US Safe Harbour Agreement
12. ENDitorial: Richard Stallman on "Copyright versus Public" in Berne
13. Recommended Action
14. Recommended Reading
15. Agenda
16. About
1. Leaked ACTA text confirms suspicions
The text of the digital chapter of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
was published on 21 February 2010, following news articles from IDG News
Service issued a few days before.
The text of the draft digital chapter confirms that there are several
problems with the draft agreement and many of the assurances given on the
topic were somewhat "economical with the truth".
These "economies" were on display again during a discussion between the
Commission Head of Unit responsible for the dossier, Luc Devigne and the
International Trade Committee of the Parliament. Mr Devigne explained that:
- there is no ACTA text, so there is nothing that the Commission could share
with the Parliament
- ACTA is about enforcement and not about changing substantive law
Mr Devigne was also quite economical with answers. He failed to answer
questions on:
- the failure to implement the relevant provisions of the Lisbon Treaty with
regard to transparency
- the fact that US lobbyists had access to the ACTA documents but not the
European Parliament
- if ACTA would require ordinary citizens to be excluded from the scope of
certain border measures or would simply allow for this to be the case
- if ACTA would lead to criminal sanctions, including prison, for people
that recorded films in cinemas
- if ACTA would criminalise an individual who, for example, created an open
source programme to open all documents on all formats, thereby (without
commercial interest) circumventing technical protection measures.
He also repeated the meaningless statement that "ACTA is not meant to
undermine civil liberties", which simply means that this was not the
original intent of the negotiations and does not, quiet obviously, exclude
this possibility.
Unsurprisingly, the unclear, ambiguous and "economical" answers lead to an
angry reaction from Parliamentarians. The little information that MEP Carl
Schlyter (Greens, Sweden) was able to glean from Mr Devigne's answers was,
he said, contrary to information that had previously been provided by
Commissioner De Gucht. Consequently, he requested that the Commissioner
attend future discussions instead of Devigne.
EDRi has prepared a public FAQ on ACTA in order to better explain why the
agreement is endangering human rights in Information Society.
EDRi explains that the treaty is not just about counterfeiting, because it
also covers a far greater range of issues, including mandated penalties for
non-commercial copyright infringement, worldwide Internet regulation and
world trade in generic medicines.
The leaked document talks mostly about copyright infringement. Although
the document is vague on whether non-commercial infringements are included,
provisions from the Border Measures section previously made public indicate
that the definition of counterfeiting will change current international
norms and expand the scope beyond catching organised criminal networks
smuggling goods that this agreement is purported to target.
The leaked ACTA chapter includes a "three-strikes" Internet disconnection
approach for alleged repeating copyright infringers. The document makes
clear that the US negotiators intend that ISPs would be required to adopt
threes strikes Internet disconnection policies in order to get the benefit
of "safe harbours" or limitations on lSPs' liability for copyright
The proposal would require countries to adopt criminal measures, which are
outside the body of the harmonised EU legislation. When read alongside the
criminal measures provisions made public earlier in the ACTA negotiations,
many concerns arise about the increased criminalisation of activities
online. Without robust proportionality principles and with insufficient
consideration of civil liberties and human rights protections, ACTA is a
threat to ordinary behaviour on the Internet. The ineffective strategy of
deterrence without balance undermines the legitimacy of the law.
After the new chapter of ACTA has leaked, an Opinion from the European Data
Protection Supervisor (EDPS) explained that the current three strikes
proposals may be incompatible with the current data protection requirements.
The EDPS complained that he was not involved by the European Commission in
the debates on this treaty and declared: "Whereas intellectual property is
important to society and must be protected, it should not be placed above
individuals' fundamental rights to privacy and data protection. A right
balance between protection of intellectual property rights and the right to
privacy and data protection should be ensured. It is also particularly
crucial that data protection requirements are taken into account from the
very beginning of the negotiations so as not later on having to find
alternative privacy compliant solutions."
The next round of negotiations will take place in New Zealand on 12-16 April
2010. Parties agreed tentatively to a 5 day round, covering a detailed
discussion on Internet, civil, customs and penal measures.
Leaked ACTA draft reveals plans for internet clampdown (19.02.2010)
Leaked ACTA chapter on Internet
EDRi FAQ on ACTA (22.02.2010)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the current
negotiations by the European Union of an Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
(ACTA) (22.02.2010)
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement: EDPS warns about its potential
incompatibility with EU data protection regime (22.02.2010)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. First decision in the Italian criminal case against Google executives
Today, 24 February 2010, the Court of Milan made public the decision in the
criminal trial against four Google executives, charged of defamation and
illegal personal data handling in relationship to the publication on the
video sharing platform  of a video containing act of bullyism against a
person affected by the Down Syndrome.
The legal basis for the charges, following the prosecutor's theory of the
case, was that those executives failed to exercise a pre-emptive control
over the contents published by Google final users', thus allowing the
infringement of the reputation of the concerned person and of an NGO
representing Down-Syndrome-affected persons.
The Court acquitted all the defendant from the charges of defamation, while
found them liable of the illegal personal data handling charge. The whole
sentence (including the legal technicalities that support the decision) will
be public within the next 30 days.
The legal oddity of the prosecutor strategy is this:
1 - there is a rule of law that says: to not stop a fact means to cause it,
2 - data protection law requires a prior authorization to be obtained before
handling personal data,
3 - a video to be posted online is personal data,
4 - therefore Google executives had to check whether the user who posted the
video got the preemptive authorisation from the people of the video, and
5 - by failing to do so, they infringed the data protection law
6 - furthermore, by not controlling in advance they let the video to libel
the victim of the violence (this charge has been dismissed.)
The consequence is that under this (odd) interpretation of data protection
law, every Internet Service Provider is requested to infringe its user
privacy, to do a prior check on the legitimacy of the action performed by
the users themselves.
A nice Catch 22, and a goodbye to network neutrality and online privacy !
Google execs convicted for Italy autism video (24.02.2010)
Case Vividown, the intermediary is responsible (only in Italian, 24.02.2010)
Intermediaries or controllers ? (only in Italian, 24.02.2010)
Serious threat to the web in Italy (24.02.2010)
(contribution by Andrea Monti - EDRi-member ALCEI Italy)
3. France's Parliament pursues its goal to censor the Internet
On 16 February, the National Assembly, the lower house of the French
Parliament, passed the first draft of the so-called Loppsi 2 bill allowing
the authorities to control the Internet under the pretext of improving the
citizens' security.
The new legislation deals not only with child pornography sites, but has in
view a long blacklist of other types of websites that ISPs will have to
block. The list of banned Web sites would be provided by the Interior
Ministry and it would be "the responsibility of each Internet service
provider to ensure that users don't have access to unsuitable content."
According to article 4 of the draft law, the ISPs contacted by the
authorities must block without delay the designated sites under the threat
of being fined up to 75 000 euro and one year of imprisonment for their
administrators in case of non-compliance.
The new legislation also allows the French police and security forces to
enter a suspect's house and clandestinely install software to spy on private
computers, following a judge decision.
Loppsi 2 contains other provisions as well, including improved
interoperability between police files and personal data kept by institutions
such as banks and a tripling of surveillance cameras in France under the
pretext of "video protection."
MEP Sandrine Billier believes the bill represents "a serious threat" to the
neutrality of the Internet. "The filtering and blocking of the Web has
become a standard weapon in the legislative arsenal of a government which
has been shameless in its handling of personal freedoms," she said in an
"Protection of childhood is shamelessly exploited by Nicolas Sarkozy to
implement a measure that will lead to collateral censorship and very
dangerous drifts. After the HADOPI comes the LOPPSI: the securitarian
machinery of the government is being deployed in an attempt to control the
Internet at the expense of freedoms", stated Jirimie Zimmermann from La
Quadrature du Net.
The draft law will go for a second reading in the Senate and, if approved,
it could come into force this summer.
The French Senate also started on 23 February 2010 the discussions on the
draft legislation for the opening of the online gambling market that would
require the ISPs to block any unauthorised gambling websites.
France Moves Closer to Unprecedented Internet Regulation (17.02.2010)
French Parliament approves Net censorship (11.02.2010)
Loppsi was adopted by the National Assembly (only in French, 16.02.2010)
Loppsi: the installation of software spies to suspects is adopted (only in
French, 11.02.2010)
Filtering of web sites: ISPs simple executants (only in French, 9.02.2010)
Online gambling filtering examined this Tuesday in the Senate (only in
French, 23.02.2010)
EDRi-gram: LOPPSI 2 French law - to block or not to block websites
4. Germany's President signs an Internet bill against his own government
Despite the fact that the German Government had decided not to apply the
internet censorship law (Zugangserschwerungsgesetz) proposed by the former
Government in April 2009, the new bill was signed on 17 February 2010 by
German President Horst Kvhler.
The president decided that the Access Impediment Law did not raise
any significant concerns related to the compatibility with the German
Constitution and that it was meant to fight online child pornography
allowing the blocking of offensive web sites.
This is a delicate situation for the government which will need the
opposition's support to repeal the legislation. Following the strong and
massive opposition to the bill by Internet users and civil rights groups,
the government coalition elected in September 2009 decided to put the law on
hold, focusing rather on removing Internet offensive content, based on
existing laws.
The government was hoping to have more time to draw up another anti-child
pornography law that would repeal the Access Impediment Law. "New
regulations will quickly be introduced that correspond to the principle of
deleting rather than blocking access," said Justice Minister Sabine
Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger on 17 February, adding that the government was
decided not to apply the law. Her statement was backed up by the Interior
The Working Group on Internet blocking and censorship (Censorship AK) asked
for the repeal of the bill in a press release and called for a spontaneous
demonstration of the Internet activists for the same goal. The demonstration
took place on 17 February in front of the Bellevue Palace.
The Bitkom association, which represents the German IT industry, called on
the government to clarify the situation and to quickly repeal the new law. A
spokesman from the German Pirate Party said it was "unbelievable" that
President Kvhler had signed the law into force.
The opposition parties will introduce a bill on 25 February before the
Bundestag, the lower house of the German Parliament, repealing the new law.
New Internet Legislation Embarrasses German Government (18.02.2010)
The Working Group on Internet blocking and censorship calls for immediate
lifting of Internet blocking law (only in German, 17.02.2010)
Spontaneous demonstration in front of Schloss Bellevue (only in German,
New law to censor internet child pornography (17.02.2010)
No internet censorship in Germany for the next year (18.10.2009)
ZugErschwG signed (only in German, 18.02.2010)
EDRi-gram: Web blocking gets a reality check (21.10.2010)
5. Spanish Fiscal Council criticizes the new draft law on IPR enforcement
In a non-binding report issued on 12 February 2010, the Spanish Fiscal
Council criticised the draft law proposed by the Government known as the
Sustainable Economy Law (la Ley de Economma Sostenible - LES) that foresees
new Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) enforcement measures on the Internet.
The Council shows concern related to the LES draft text which places the
intellectual property rights at the same level with the fundamental rights
such the freedom of expression, public security, national defence, public
health or non-discrimination on grounds of race, sex or religion. In the
Council's opinion, the intellectual property rights should be treated as
property rights and not as fundamental rights.
The report also raises concerns over the fact that the draft law gives the
Intellectual Property Commission (Comisisn de Propiedad Intelectual - CPI)
the power to propose the closing down of web sites offering download links
to alleged unauthorized copyright content. According to the Fiscal Council
this "has an enormous potential to invade the sphere of fundamental rights."
The report also emphasizes the fact that the proposed law "is limited to
cases where the service provider is established in Spain or in a State of
the European Union," which makes it inefficient. If sites with a Spanish
domain are closed, other identical sites may occur in countries that are
outside the EU.
Peaople's Party (PP) culture spokesman Josi Marma Lassalle stated that the
Fiscal Council's report supports PP's position in the matter and there are
many other voices that have expressed opposition to the proposed
legislation. "This is not a law against violations of intellectual property,
it is a law against civil rights," said Fernando Berlin, one of the
promoters of RedSOStenible.net, consisting of bloggers, businessmen, and
Internet user activist groups.
The Public Ministry also warned over the fact that the new draft allows CPI
to ask ISPs data that would help in identifying alleged copyright infringers
that sometimes will not be limited to information on the owner of a web
page, but other data as well that would need previous court authorisation.
Therefore, the Fiscal Council proposes a modification of the draft text so
that judicial authorisation should not refer only to data that are protected
by the secret of communications fundamental right but also for data covered
by the right to privacy. "Anyway, what in no case can CPI claim and cannot
be provided by ISPs are data regarding private communications that may
affect the fundamental right of the communication secret that mandatorily
require judicial authorisation" says the report.
On 16 February 2010, the Ministry of Justice Francisco Caamaqo defended the
LES and the modification introducing a regulation that would be to the
benefit of the right to freedom of expression and access to information and
not so much to the benefit of intellectual property. He stated that the new
law stipulated a judicial guarantee that would prevent an Administration
institution to block access to a web page without court order.
In the meantime, the Spain EU presidency is pushing its Declaration of
Granada for more IP enforcement actions. The present text suggest to the
European Commission "to analyse the possibility to present a modified
proposition of the Directive on the penal measures meant to guarantee the
respect of the intellectual property rights, in order to complete EU
legislative framework for the application of IPR" and invites "the member
states and the Commission to act for the promotion of a high level of
protection of the intellectual property in the bilateral and international
The Fiscal Council criticises the draft law allowing the Culture to close
down web sites, (only in Spanish, updated 16.02.2010)
Fiscal Council's Report - Draft project of the Sustainable Economy Law -
Draft project of the organic law complementary to the Sustainable Economy
Law (only in Spanish, 12.02.2010)
The Spanish Presidency proposes more repression on the Internet in its
Declaration of Granada (only in Spanish, 12.02.2010)
The Minister of Justice defends the Sustainable Economy Law (only in
Spanish, updated 16.02.2010)
The Fiscal Council's non-binding report on Feb. 16 said the proposal
Spanish Societies Reject Concerns Over Anti-Piracy Law (17.02.2010)
PP says the Fiscal Council supports its thesis on the downloading and
criticises that the Government "continues without doing its homework" (only
in Spanish, 16.02.2010)
EDRi-gram: Spanish Government proposes new legislation against file-sharing
6. EP: Draft reports on IPR enforcement published
The European Parliament (EP) is working on a position in regards with the
European Commission's Green Paper on enhancing the enforcement of
intellectual property rights on the internal market.
Three EP committees are involved in this process: the Legal Affairs
Committee (MEP Mareille Gallo, EPP, France) in charge of this report,
"Opinions" provided by the Industry, Research and Energy Committee (MEP Paul
R|big, EPP, Austria) and the Internal Market and Consumer Protection
Committee (MEP Zusana Roithova, EPP, Czech Republic).
MEP R|big's report calls for EU-wide licensing, interoperability and
supports the "mere conduit" status of ISPs. However, he also calls for
"effective" sanctions against copyright infringement.
MEP Roithova's report is quite balanced and avoids confusing copyright and
piracy. It calls for transparency on ACTA and "calls for proportionate
measures to be proposed for effectively and successfully combating the
negative impact of infringement of intellectual property rights in the
digital environment ("piracy") on the internal market and calls on the
Observatory to analyse the impact of alternative systems of equitable
compensation (for example, flat-rate licences)"
Unfortunately, MEP Gallo's report still confuses piracy and counterfeiting
and paints a doom-laden picture of what piracy and counterfeiting mean for
the EU ("threatens our economies and societies"). The report also demands
reports on the implementation of existing IPR legislation, but notes already
that it is inadequate. The draft document also calls for "cooperation" with
and "warning messages" from ISPs.
The next steps planned for this IPR report are the discussion on amendments
and the vote on 17 March 2010, with the final vote in the plenary estimated
for April 2010.
EU Green Paper on enhancing the enforcement of intellectual property rights
in the internal market (11.09.2009)
Draft Report on enhancing the enforcement of intellectual property rights in
the internal market - MEP Mareille Gallo (15.02.2010)
Draft Opinion of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy for the
Committee on Legal Affairs on enforcement of intellectual property rights in
the internal market - MEP Paul R|big (29.01.2010)
Draft Opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer
Protection for the Committee on Legal Affairs on enhancing the enforcement
of intellectual property rights in the internal market - MEP Zusana Roithova
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
7. French Court says an IP address is not enough for a user's identification
The Paris Appeal Court has recently ruled that an IP address does not allow
the identification of an Internet user and therefore needs no prior
authorization from CNIL (National Commission for Information Technologies
and Civil Liberties) to be collected.
The decision comes to support the ruling of the Cassation Court of 13
January 2009 stating that the collection of an IP address by the collective
society SACEM agents was not to be considered as automatic treatment of
personal data, thus reversing a previous decision of the Rennes Appeal Court
of May 2009 which had considered the IP address as nominal data for the
collection of which the prior authorization of the CNIL was needed.
According to the French Data Protection Act, sworn agents may process
data related to offences, convictions, and safety measures on behalf of
rights holders of victims of copyright infringements in order to ensure the
defense of these rights but such processing, automatic or not, has to be
previously authorized by the CNIL.
However, the Court of Cassation considered that such a sworn agent does not
need a prior CNIL authorization if he accesses manually a person's list of
files uploaded onto a peer-to-peer network in violation of copyrights. In
the court's opinion, the collection of an IP address in order to find the
user's identity through his ISP does not constitute data processing.
While the Court of Cassation did not express a view as to whether an IP
address qualifies as personal data, the Appeal Court considers the IP
address as the material evidence of the infringement and cannot be
considered personal data because it does not identify the user.
The court also rejected the private copy exception by considering it "is not
applicable to downloading, the purpose of using p2p software being exactly
that of sharing and exchanging files between users (...)."
Justice: the IP address is not enough to identify a pirate (only in French,
French Court of Cassation Rules on Data Protection and Online Copyright
Infringement (11.02.2010)
8. Chip and PIN system proven to be flawed
According to a research performed by a group of experts from the Computer
Laboratory, of Cambridge University, the Chip and PIN system is flawed,
allowing criminals to use stolen credit and debit cards, without knowing the
correct PIN.
The thieves can easily create a device to modify and intercept
communications between a card and a point-of-sale terminal, and making the
terminal believe the PIN was correctly verified when actually any PIN could
be introduced and the transaction would be accepted.
"The flaw is that when you put a card into a terminal, a negotiation takes
place about how the cardholder should be authenticated: using a PIN, using a
signature or not at all. This particular subprotocol is not authenticated,
so you can trick the card into thinking it's doing a chip-and-signature
transaction while the terminal thinks it's chip-and-PIN. The upshot is that
you can buy stuff using a stolen card and a PIN of 0000 (or anything you
want). We did so, on camera, using various journalists' cards. The
transactions went through fine and the receipts say "Verified by PIN," said
Professor Ross Anderson, one of the researchers.
The attacks can be successful for cards used online (a merchant POS
contacting the bank) and offline, for any amounts of money and to bank
schemes based on EMV (Europay, MasterCard, Visa). They would not work on
ATMs and with cards that have already been cancelled by the bank.
The research conclusion is that the attacks are possible due to "a lack of
authentication on the PIN verification response, coupled with an ambiguity
in the encoding of the result of cardholder verification as included in the
TVR (Terminal Verification Results)".
The main problem is that banks refuse to refund victims of this type of
attacks because they state that a card cannot be used without the correct
PIN which, as the paper shows is not true.
"This is not just a failure of bank technology. It's a failure of bank
regulation. The ombudsman supported the banks and the regulators have
refused to do anything. They were just too eager to believe the banks,"
stated Anderson.
Chip and PIN is broken (11.02.2010)
Chip and PIN is Broken (draft for the 2010 IEEE Symposium on Security and
Privacy (draft)
Cambridge researchers show that the Chip and PIN system is vulnerable to
fraud (11.02.2010)
Chip and pin card readers fundamentally flawed (11.02.2010)
Chip and PIN is broken, say researchers (11.02.2010)
9. New Google's service raises privacy concerns
The new networking service issued by Google company called Google Buzz has
met criticism and confusion from its users who complained that a list of
people they frequently email or chat with has appeared on their profile.
The problem occurred due to the default options when creating one's profile
which automatically post the respective list from Gmail and Google chat. In
order to avoid posting the respective list on the profile, the user has to
use the opt-out variant or edit the list himself.
"Google attempted to jump start Buzz with lists drawn from its successful
Gmail and Gchat services. While this may help Buzz grow and save users the
time to type in all their contacts, it also has an inherent danger of
inadvertent disclosure of private information," has commented EFF lawyer
Kurt Opsah.
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt reacted to the users' criticism by
stating that the issue had been caused by confusion and miscommunication.
"I would say that we did not understand how to communicate Google Buzz and
its privacy. There was a lot of confusion when it came out on Tuesday, and
people thought that somehow we were publishing their email addresses and
private information, which was not true (...) I think it was our fault that
we did not communicate that fact very well, but the important thing is that
no really bad stuff happens in the sense that nobody's personal information
was disclosed."
This statement is contradicted not only by users but even by Buzz product
manager Todd Jackson's statement on 16 February who told BBC that the
company was "very, very sorry" and that users were "rightfully upset".
Schmidt admitted however that the company made some changes in order to cope
with the situation. "Since Tuesday we have made a series of changes to the
product which make some very fundamental changes in the way that you
initially experience it, in particular instead of automatically following
everybody it now gives you a list of who you want to follow and it makes it
incredibly explicit that it has not been giving them information without you
giving it to them."
Protect Your Privacy on Google Buzz (12.02.2010)
What's the Buzz about? Studying user reactions (12.02.2010)
Google boss says 'nobody was harmed' by Buzz debacle (17.02.2010)
10. Romania: Moral damages for publishing personal data online
A Romanian local court has decided to award 10 000 Euro as moral damages to
a private person, after his full details were published on the website of
the City Hall, including his HIV-related problems.
In June 2008, Bucharest District 1 City Hall published on its website
some decisions of the Local Council on the beneficiaries of free public
transport by subway for persons with severe handicap. The decisions were
published together with the annexes that contain all the personal data of
the respective persons (name and surname, address, ID card number, Unique
Personal Code Number and description of its respective disability).
The citizen who was on that list and initiated the action claimed moral
damages, considering that the data should not have been made public, but
just sent to the subway administration. He also claimed that he and his
parents suffered several moral prejudices after this event by the
deterioration of his relations with friends and neighbours. He actually was
forced to move from that respective location due to this disclosure.
The City Hall argued that they did not intend to discriminate anyone and the
publication of the Annexes was "a technical mistake".
The Bucharest District 1 Local Court of considered that the conditions
required by the Romanian law on tort had been met , and the City Hall had
breached the complainant's right to privacy as expressed in Article 8 of the
European Convention of Human Rights, law 677/2001 (Romanian transposition of
the data protection directive) and other specific legislation in the medical
field that oblige the public servants to keep the confidentiality on
patients with HIV positive or having AIDS. Therefore the Court has awarded
damages of 10 000 Euro to the complainant.
The court's decision was appealed by the City Hall to the Bucharest Tribunal
that rejected the appeal in February 2010. Thus, the initial decision of the
Bucharest District 1 Local Court remains definitive and applicable.
It is probably the first case publicly known in Romania when a person
receives moral damages from a national court on grounds of privacy breach,
after a series of cases at the European Court of Human Rights where Romania
was condemned for breaching Article 8. The decision of the court is also
surprising in regards with the amount awarded, the Romanian courts being
generally very defensive in awarding any moral damages.
Romania: record damages for publishing personal data on a website - contains
also the full court decision (only in Romanian, 18.02.2010)
ECHR case: Rotaru vs. Romania (4.05.2000)
11. Germany DPAs to discuss the EU-US Safe Harbour Agreement
The German data protection authorities want to have a meeting on the EU-US
data protection Safe Harbour agreement and to agree on a resolution on this
Heise reports that some of the German Lander Data Protection Authorities
(DPAs) that will meet in D|sseldorf in April are unhappy about the practical
application of the Safe Harbour agreement, especially when a high number of
servers from companies such as Google and Facebook is located there,
including EU citizens personal data.
The concern of the German DPAs is motivated by report published by Galexia,
a US consulting company, which found that more than 200 companies claimed
to have joined the Safe Harbour Agreement without having done so. It also
showed that only about 350 companies complied with the minimal requirements
and that, by December 2008, in 10 years of application of the agreement,
there has been only a court case for not fulfilling the requirements,
without any sanctions for the infringing company.
The first case when a US company was charged by the US Federal Trade
Commission on falsely claiming compliance with the Safe Harbour Privacy
Principles took place only in 2009. The charged company - the Californian
Internet retailer Balls of Kryptonite - had led consumers to believe it was
located in the UK and had falsely claimed that they had self-certified their
compliance with the Safe Harbour.
Safe Harbor Agreements: wild card for American privacy infringers? (only in
German, 17.02.2010)
The US Safe Harbor - Fact or Fiction? (12.2008)
US Prosecution for false web claim of Safe Harbor status (11.09.2009)
Court Halts U.S. Internet Seller Deceptively Posing as U.K. Home Electronics
Site (8.06.2009)
12. ENDitorial: Richard Stallman on "Copyright versus Public" in Berne
On 11 February 2010 the auditorium at the University of Berne was packed for
a talk by Richard Stallman on copyright issues. Stallman is better known
as the founder of the GNU free software system which, together with the
operating system kernel named Linux, is very popular as GNU/Linux.
His talk was to be on software patents, but then he decided that when in
Berne, he wanted to protest against aspects of the Berne Convention which
constitutes the primary instrument of international law with regard to
copyright. So, he adjusted the topic of his talk accordingly.
Stallman explained how copyright had been introduced as a way of protecting
investments in printing. He described this as a win-win situation
originally, as consumers didn't lose anything by not being allowed to
reproduce paper books, but gained something, as without the printing
industry there wouldn't be any cheap books at all. However, modern
digital methods have changed this, as the reproduction costs of digital
files are very low, whether for one or for many copies. Like the music
and video industries, the book industry would like to maximize its
economic power by controlling its customers with DRM, digital
restrictions management. In extreme cases, the license to read a digital
book might even be only temporary.
Stallman described the worst practices, from video-content-scrambling, the
Sony rootkit, music on defective non-standard CDs, the "Amazon Swindle",
right up to Apple's "iBad", all designed to move control from the customer
to the seller.
He went on to refute the industry's claims of protecting the authors and
artists, explaining that the existing system is in fact very unfair to
everyone except a small number of best-sellers and stars.
Stallman also criticised the role of governments which serve not public but
rather industrial interests, e.g. by continuousely lengthening the terms of
copyright and criminalising people even for private copying. In effect, the
content industry is stealing works which legitimately belong to the public
after an initial period. The main problem is the length of this period
extending long after the death of the authors or artists.
Stallman proposed that the duration of copyright should be about ten
years from the date of publication, and that the copyright law should
distinguish three categories of creative works, as follows:
"Functional works" which have a practical use for getting a job done,
such as computer software, must be free in the sense of users having
the freedom to modify the work and redistribute them in an original or
modified form. Then, there are essays of opinion and scientific
papers. For these, noncommercial sharing must be allowed. Finally,
there are works of arts and entertainment. According to Stallman, with
regard to this latter category, there are legitimate arguments on both
sides with regard to whether non-commercial sharing should be allowed
while they're in copyright. He insists that in any case, making a
"remix" must be legal. Borderline cases should fall into the category
which allows the public more freedom; this rule would be necessary to
prevent abuse by intentional creation of borderline cases.
After the talk, Stallman auctioned a stuffed toy GNU with proceeds going to
the Free Software Foundation, of which he is president. Bidding was brisk
and went up to 500 CHF. Then it was question time, but most of the
questioners didn't get the answers they wanted or were expecting!
After a brief lunch break, it was time for the demonstration with three
- Copyright lasts far too long;
- Works should only be covered by copyright if published with copyright
- The "three step test" for exceptions to copyright places the copyright
holders above the public, and interferes with liberties that the
Internet-using public must have.
There were far fewer people, in fact only a couple dozen people at the
demonstration being one of Berne's smallest ones. Although members of most
political parties were present, it was visually completely taken over by the
Pirate Party waving large orange flags. (Demands for freedoms in the context
of the digital revolution belong to party's main agenda.) Led by Richard
Stallman, the demonstrators marched from the University to the
Waisenhausplatz, handing out leaflets and chanting "Sharing is good!" Here
the demo officially ended under the watchful eye of the police, but
reassembled briefly in front of the Federal House of Parliament for a couple
of photos. In spite of the many cameras, none of the pictures, nor any
mention of the event made it into the mainstream media.
It was a strange feeling to have a VIP like Stallman attract so many
with words and so few with action, and then be so totally ignored by
the mainstream media. It appears that while western democracies guarantee
freedom of speech, the hurdle for getting the public's attention for ideas
which are not yet in the mainstream is unreasonably high.
Free Software Foundation
Audio recording of Richard Stallman's talk (11.02.2010)
Online reactions and pictures from the event (12.02.2010)
(Contribution by Theo Schmidt and Norbert Bollow - Switzerland)
13. Recommended Action
Fundamental Rights Agency (FRA) International Video Competition
Topic: EU fundamental rights
Deadline for submission: 2.04.2010
Participants: EU citizens 18-30 years old
14. Recommended Reading
Measuring the Perpetrators and Funders of Typosquatting
At least 938,000 typosquatting domains target the top 3,264 .com sites.
European Parliament - Culture Committee - Draft Report on "Europeana - next
Amendments to the draft report
EU online library needs 'more and better' content (23.02.2010)
15. Agenda
5 March 2010, Brussels, Belgium
Colloquium 2010: What's left of your privacy in 2010.
Protecting privacy against government and employer
12-13 April 2010, Oxford, UK
4th PrivacyOS Conference
14-16 April 2010, Berlin, Germany
re:publica'10 - Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
24 April 2010, London, United Kingdom
Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2010
29-30 April 2010, Madrid, Spain
EuroDIG 2010
6-7 May 2010, Krems, Austria
4th International Conference on eDemocracy 2010
Submission of papers: 1 March 2010
26-28 May 2010, Amsterdam, Netherlands
World Congress on Information Technology
30-31 May 2010, Montreal, Canada
Third International Workshop on Global Internet Governance: An
Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction
Submissions for thematic presentations: 20 March 2010
8-9 June 2010 - Funchal, Portugal
4th International Workshop on RFID Technology - Concepts, Applications,
Challenges - IWRT 2010
Paper Submission: 8 March 2010
25-27 June 2010, Cluj, Romania
Networking Democracy?
New Media Innovations in Participatory Politics
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
29-31 July 2010, Freiburg, Germany
IADIS - International Conference ICT, Society and Human Beings 2010
Paper submissions: 15 March 2010
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
16. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-01-13 22:05:26
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.1, 13 January 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.1, 13 January 2010
1. Last nominations call for European Civil Society Data Protection Award
2. EDRi position on data protection
3. EU considers full body screening in airports
4. Protests in Bulgaria against eavesdropping and data retention law
5. Spanish Government proposes new legislation against file-sharing
6. An Irish law for a DNA database
7. France wants to tax search engines and ISPs for online advertising
8. Spain: NGO fined by the Supreme Court for hosting offensive contents
9. Hungary introduces mandatory open standards for public institutions
10. IP Chapter in the EU-Korea free trade agreement essentially flawed
11. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Last nominations call for European Civil Society Data Protection Award
AEDH (European Association for the Defence of Human rights) and EDRi
(European Digital Rights) have launched the first edition of the European
Civil Society Data Protection Award (ECSDPA). The prize aims at rewarding
positive initiatives contributing to the visibility and effectiveness of the
right to privacy and to the protection of personal data in Europe. The
ECSDPA prize will be awarded each year on 28 January, as a European Civil
Society contribution to the Data Protection Day.
The deadline for submitting nominations is 15 January 2010. Nominations
should be sent to: nominations at ecsdpa dot org.
The award is open to all non-governmental organisations, trade unions,
non-profit institutions and any other civil society actors from the 47
member States of the Council of Europe. The ECSDPA winner will benefit from
a one week lobbying training in Brussels, travel expenses and lodging being
fully covered.
The ECSDPA initiative, the first of its kind, has been made possible thanks
to the support of The Law Science Technology & Society Research Group of the
Vrije Universiteit Brussel (LSTS/VUB) and The Flemish-Dutch House deBuren.
Operational details about the prize, including application and selection
2. EDRi position on data protection
EDRi submitted a response to the consultation on the legal framework for
the fundamental right to protection of personal data. The response,
which was sent on 23 December, sets out the challenges to the existing
data protection framework and offers recommendations to address these
Among the challenges identified are the increasing amount of personal
data being collected and processed, advanced profiling technologies
becoming available and the shortcomings in terms of enforcement and
independent oversight of the existing legal framework.
EDRi recommends that the following measures are taken:
- stronger principles ensuring data minimisation should be introduced;
- the interpretation of the term "personal data" should be clarified;
- administrative oversight and enforcement should be strengthened;
- civil enforcement should be strengthened.
EDRi's Response to the consultation of the European Commission on the legal
framework for the fundamental right to protection of personal data
(contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom)
3. EU considers full body screening in airports
On 7 January 2010, a discussion tool place in Brussels on the necessity of
introducing full-body scanners in European airports. Some of the European
countries such as Italy, UK and The Netherlands had already announced their
intention to install such technology in their airports.
The US is pressing Europe on taking such additional security measures
following the reported attempt of a Nigerian man to blow up a U.S. airliner
flying from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day.
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced on 2 January that full-body
screening would be introduced in British airports along with other
additional security measures. BAA, Britain's main airport operator has
already ordered them for Heathrow airport . Heathrow and Manchester airports
have had trials using such equipment.
The introduction of full-body scanners might be in breach of child
protection laws and privacy campaigners and civil liberties groups also
argued the images created by the scanners were too graphic and called for
safeguards to protect the privacy of passengers and to ensure that the
images obtained would not end up on the Internet.
On 2 January as well, the Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni said in
an interview to Corriere della Sera newspaper that he was in favour of a
rapid introduction of the body scanners. "We have the resources ready to
acquire them but we must overcome the opposition of European privacy
agencies," said the minister.
Wolfgang Bosbach, the head of the German parliament's Committee on Interior
Affairs, also announced on 2 January that he expected the body-scanners to
be introduced in the current year adding that the tests would probably start
in the next 6 months.
However, Klaus Jansen of professional police association Bundes Deutscher
Kriminalbeamter warned against over-confidence related to the scanners and
Petra Pau of the Left party also called the scanners a "security mirage"
which bring forth health, practical, and ethical issues. "A minimum wage for
security services would be a lot more effective than state-ordained
peep-shows," she said in a statement.
The Dutch government also stated it would immediately begin using full body
scanners on flights to the United States in order to avoid such incidents as
the one on Christmas Day.
During the meeting on 7 January in Brussels, not all European countries were
in favour of introducing the technology. Spain expressed scepticism about
the need for body scanners, and the German and French governments still
preserve some reservations.
Etiennne Schouppe, the Belgium Secretary of State for transport considered
that such measures were excessive and that the present security measures
were strict enough. She also agreed on the necessity of having a united
approach of the European countries in the matter as expressed by Antonio
Tajani, European Commission Vice President: "We have to reach agreement
together with the (European) parliament and member states. It's best to have
a European solution than having individual member states deciding on their
Privacy advocates and experts have shown concern related to the technical
effectiveness of body scanners. "Any security expert knows this is a red
herring, a diversion from the real issue," said Simon Davies, director of
Privacy International who added: "The biggest failure in this case was a
failure of intelligence. That's the Achilles heel of an effective
counterterrorism strategy."
Privacy International (PI), while not against security measures that would
really enhance passengers' protection, is concerned by the introduction of
unproven or intrusive technology and measures. The body scanners tested at
Heathrow airport over four years have resulted in a decision to interrupt
the scanner use.
In PI opinion, there are several concerning issues related to the body
scanners. They produce too graphic images of the passengers' bodies
revealing intimate medical details. The organization is also sceptical
regarding the privacy safeguards applied by the US Transportation Safety
Administration (TSA) in relation to the scanned images.
The main issue is the effectiveness of the technology. "Our impression is
that a very high percentage of the passengers who opt for a scan will still
wind up being physically searched because officials will have trouble
distinguishing threatening objects from ordinary ones such as a wallet" says
PI. The scanners have not yet proven effective in case of liquid explosives
and cannot detect explosives hidden in body cavities.
Full-body scanners being ordered for airports, says Gordon Brown (3.01.2010)
New scanners break child porn laws (4.01.2010)
Italy aims to introduce body scanners: minister (2.01.2010)
Body scanners to come sooner than expected (3.01.2010)
Dutch to use full body scanners for US flights (30.12.2009)
Europe anxious about body scanner privacy (5.01.2010)
Europe Divided on Use of Body Scanners in Airports (7.01.2010)
PI statement on proposed deployments of body scanners in airports
EDRI- gram: The European Parliament says no to airport body scanners
4. Protests in Bulgaria against eavesdropping and data retention law
A protest will take place in Bulgaria on 14 January 2010 in front of the
Parliament against the data retention law that the Bulgarian Interior
Ministry keeps on pushing ahead with obstinacy.
On 10 December 2009, the Parliamentary Committee on internal security and
public order approved, behind closed doors, the amendments proposed by the
Interior Ministry to the Electronic Communications Act (ECA) and on 22
December 2009 the amendments were passed in first reading in an emergency
meeting by the Parliament despite the large public and media opposition.
The proposed amendments contain provisions that allow the Ministry of
Interior and other agencies to permanently monitor, without control, the
behaviour, movement and other information on any Bulgarian citizen, whether
guilty of a crime or not. These provisions breach the innocence presumption
principle stipulated by the Constitution as well as human rights European
Thus, the Ministry of Interior will have access to the data for the calls
and the mobile devices of every citizen through a direct interface. Although
a court order is required in order to obtain access, there is no obligation
to provide a reason for the access. Through the interface, the agencies have
direct and untraceable access to the general national database of all
telecom records.
One of the main provisions is that traffic data should be retained for
crimes sanctioned with more than 2 years of imprisonment. These traffic
data can be used also in relation to computer crimes, which might, in the
near future, include the still vague notion of computer piracy.
Even the Ministry of Interior Tsvetan Tsvetanov accepted that: "There is no
other European Union member state that provides such access to its police
force, it violates article 8 of the European Convention for Human Rights, as
well as the Bulgarian constitution" andalso admitted: " under the current
proposal, citizens have no right to request information about whether or not
their communication data has been subject to investigation."
EDRi-member Bulgarian Internet Society head Veni Markovski criticized the
amendments, warning about the lack of control over the bodies that will have
access to the retained data. "Interior Minister Tsvetan Tsvetanov said they
are looking to use court approval before using retained data, but the
problem is the police will have constant access, without the knowledge of
the service provider, to the data that goes through their system. In other
words, if they want to use this in court they will get permission from the
court. But if they want to use it for something else, be it control,
blackmailing, economic interests, they don't need the court's permission,"
said Veni.
An official protest letter was publicly drafted and discussed online and
posted to the Facebook group "We do not want the Interior Ministry to
eavesdrop on us online without control."
The eyes have it (18.12.2009)
Bulgaria is not Big Brother, 2010 is not 1984 (7.01.2010)
Electronic Communication Act amendments for first reading in Parliament
I would not mind others reading my email - Speaker of Parliament (6.01.2010)
5. Spanish Government proposes new legislation against file-sharing
The Spanish Government passed on 8 January 2010 the Law for Sustainable
Economy which includes the creation of an Intellectual Property Commission
(IPC) that will be in charge with filing complaints with a judge in cases of
alleged illegal downloading.
The legislation will give the authorities the possibility to shut down
file-sharing sites within a few days from the complained filed by IPC. The
court is to decide within four days from the complaint whether a certain
site is infringing the law or not. Until now the procedure to shut down
sites considered in breach of copyright law lasted for more than a year.
The legislation has met serious criticism and opposition lately from the
public and freedom activists. In a Manifesto on the rights of Internet users
at the beginning of December 2009, a group of journalists, bloggers,
professionals and creators stated that: "Copyright should not be placed
above citizens' fundamental rights to privacy, security, presumption of
innocence, effective judicial protection and freedom of expression."
Many of the opponents believe the legislation was forced by a strong lobby
from the entertainment industry and the pressure from the US, without real
consideration of the implications and impact on the Internet users.
The only good change in the new legislation is that the sites cannot be shut
down without a judicial decision as it was initially proposed.
On 9 January a group of activists, experts and bloggers met in Madrid to
discuss the action to be taken in order to defend civil rights on the
Internet. It has been decided that organisation of a larger campaign under a
new alliance to defenet Internet liberties called Red Sostenible that was
launched on 13 January 2010.
The new plan of the Government against P2P "doesn't wash" (only in Spanish,
Spain Fast Tracks P2P Site Shutdowns (8.01.2010)
Spain passes anti-piracy law (8.01.2010)
Campaign Red Sostenible (13.01.2010)
Government rectification does not please the Red activists (only in Spanish,
6. An Irish law for a DNA database
The Irish Government has announced that it will publish legislation this
week to set up a national DNA database. The Bill follows a 2005 Report of
the Law Reform Commission on Establishment of a DNA Database but was delayed
by the European Court of Human Rights action in S and Marper vs. the United
Kingdom and has since been revised in light of that case.
The legislation proposes to allow Gardam (Police) to forcibly take samples
(such as hair, saliva, nail clippings or blood) from those suspected of
committing a criminal offence carrying a possible sentence of five years
imprisonment or more. Samples will be stored indefinitely where suspects are
convicted; where persons are acquitted or released without charge they will
still be retained for a three year period. 4.1 million euros has been
allocated for the start-up costs associated with the database in 2010.
In 2007, the Irish Human Rights Commission was critical of a previous draft
of the legislation. Until the full Bill is published it is unclear to what
extent it will address these concerns.
In a separate development, it has emerged that a Dublin children's hospital
has been holding DNA records of almost every person born in Ireland since
1984 without consent. The Temple Street Children's Hospital has acted as a
national centre for "heel prick tests" which involve the taking of a blood
sample from each newborn child and using that sample to screen for disease.
However, the hospital does not destroy those samples when screening is
complete but instead retains those samples indefinitely, linked to the
individual. There are approximately 1.54 million samples held on this
database, which would include the overwhelming majority of Irish people aged
25 or younger. The hospital is currently under investigation by the Data
Protection Commissioner who may order the destruction of these samples.
Law Reform Commission, Report on the Establishment of a DNA Database
Irish Human Rights Commission, Safeguards in DNA Database Scheme of Bill
'Inadequate' (8.08.2007)
Connolly, Suspects forced to give DNA samples under new legislation
Connolly, New DNA Bill faces opposition (20.12.2009)
Dail debates (10.12.2009)
Tighe, Hospital keeps secret DNA file (27.12.2009)
Tighe, Records stolen from hospital that held secret DNA database
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
7. France wants to tax search engines and ISPs for online advertising
A report commissioned by the French culture ministry issued on 6 January
2010 proposes a tax on online advertising in order to support the production
of music, films and journalism in the digital age.
France is not at the first attempt to tax online advertising. In 2009, after
banning advertising on public TV channels, the government proposed a tax on
ISPs, mobile operators and commercial TV broadcasters to help fund public
The new document, called the Zelnik report (after the its author's name),
includes 22 measures intended to improve the sale of online content. Among
these measures, the report proposes the introduction of a so-called "Google
tax" of 1% to 2% applied on the revenues obtained by search engines and
portals from online advertising. The search engines would be taxed every
time an ad or sponsored link is clicked in France, irrespective of the
origin of that advertisement, and the ISPs would be taxed based on their
Another proposal of the report is the introduction of a music voucher system
for young people between 15 and 24 with cards allowing them to buy tracks
and albums at a 50% discount, covered 20% by the government and 30% by the
record companies. Similar systems could be developed for films by means of
subsidised subscriptions for videos and digital books as well.
According to another recommendation of the Zelnik report, a licence should
be bought by music and video streaming sites such as YouTube and Daily
Motion in order to allow unlimited access to their content.
While the entertainment industry welcomed the document, Google France has
tried to underline that the cultural producers should make efforts to
develop new business models that might be more efficient than depending on
taxation for support.
"There is an opportunity here to promote innovative solutions, rather than
extending the attitude of opposition between the internet world and the
cultural world, for example through the approach of taxation," said Google
France spokesman Olivier Esper.
The report is now under consideration by the Culture Ministry.
Google and "music card", Sarkozy validates most of the propositions of
mission (only in French, 7.01.2010)
France considers tax on search engines (8.01.2010)
Sacre Bleu! France Mulls Tax On Web Ads To Bail Out Old Media (7.01.2010)
8. Spain: NGO fined by the Supreme Court for hosting offensive contents
At the end of December 2009, the Spanish Supreme Court confirmed its ruling
in making Asociacisn de Internautas (Internet Users Association - AI) pay a
18 000 Euro fine to SGAE (the General Society of Authors and Editors) for
having hosted sites such as putasgae.org and antisgae.internaturas.org which
included offences to SGAE.
The case was introduced by SGAE in March 2004 which stated that the website
of AI was hosting webpages with the addresses mentioned above, which
contained expressions like "hired gun", "mob gang", "fucking pickpockets".
On 6 February 2006, the National High Court in Madrid sentenced AI to pay
18 000 euros to the authors society and ordered the removal of the websites
and the offensive contents. The association was also to publish the content
of the ruling on its website.
AI appealed to the Supreme Court and denied any responsibility related to
the offensive contents of the respective websites and used the freedom of
expression as argument. The association stated that it had nothing to do
with the creation of the respective contents and that it was unaware of the
offences brought to SAGE through them.
The court considered that AI was guilty as owners of the sub-domain
antisgae.internautas.org. However, the usage was ceded to third parties
which were managing autonomously and technically controlling the sub-domain.
Therefore AI was only acting as a hosting service provider fact which was
accepted by the court. According to the Spanish law the AI as a hosting
provider should have not been considered responsible for the hosted content
as long as they were unaware of any offensive content. The High Court
however rejected the appeal considering the argument was irrelevant as the
names of the pages were considered relevant enough by themselves and ruled
that AI had breached the right of honour of SGAE.
The Association must actually pay another 18 000 euro to the president of
SAGE Teddy Bautista.
We have lost PUTASGAE case (in Spanish, 22.12.2009)
"PUTASGAE": One more door towards the legal insecurity and the culpability
presumption on the Internet (only in Spanish, 27.12.2009)
The Supreme Court ratifies the fine of 36,000 euros to AI for hosting
putasgae.org (only in Spanish, 22.12.2009)
9. Hungary introduces mandatory open standards for public institutions
The Hungarian Parliament decided at the end of 2009 to make open standards
mandatory for communications between public institutions, utility companies
and citizens through the central governmental system.
The Parliament amended Act LX of 2009 on electronic public services. The
amendment was initiated by Hungarian NGO The Open Standards Alliance with
the purpose to promote monopoly-free markets and the development of
interchangeable and interoperable products generated by open standards.
The standards used need to be publicly accessible, free of charge, royalty
free without restrictions, and neutral from the competition point of view
thus allowing for real interoperability.
The Open Standards Alliance intends to further cooperate with the government
and, in this sense, it will initiate the collaboration between governmental
representatives, public utility companies and consumer protection
The alliance also intends to promote interoperability based on publicly
defined open standards to become a EU norm during the Hungarian EU
presidency in 2011 and, to this purpose, it will initiate public
collaboration between all civil and public interested parties within the EU.
Mandatory Use of Open Standards In Hungary (18.12.2009)
10 points on the mandatory use of open standards in Hungary (17.12.2009)
10. IP Chapter in the EU-Korea free trade agreement essentially flawed
The Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure (FFII) calls upon the
EU Parliament and member states to remove the intellectual property rights
chapter from the EU - Korea Free Trade Agreement. According to the FFII
analysis, the free trade agreement is a threat to software companies,
companies that use software, and free software projects; this undermines
innovation, competitiveness and legal certainty.
In October 2009, after more than two years of secret negotiations, the EU
and the Republic of Korea initialled their free trade agreement. The
agreement awaits ratification by the EU Parliament and member states.
The free trade agreement contains strong measures against patent
infringements. It provides injunctions, high damages, seizures, destruction
of production materials and removal of online software repositories. A
suspicion may be enough for seizures and injunctions. An allegation may be
enough to freeze assets.
FFII analyst Ante Wessels comments: "These strong measures may be justified
against hard core counterfeiters. They are not justified against software
developers. Software patents are so broad in scope, doubtful in validity,
and so numerous that unintentional infringement is unavoidable in the normal
course of business. Therefore, competitors and patent trolls can always find
a stick to hit software companies, companies that use software and free
software projects. The whole sector is at risk."
The free trade agreement also contains border measures against patent
infringements. Ante Wessels: "With the numerous software patents out there,
all software products and all products containing software may infringe
patents. An allegation is enough to have them seized at the border. Then
they stay seized until a civil court case made clear whether a patent was
infringed or not. This gives competitors and patent trolls enormous power -
how many small and medium enterprises, and free software projects, have the
money to defend against this? It is the contrary of stimulating free trade."
The free trade agreement is based on existing EU legislation. "Exporting EU-
style enforcement legislation to foreign trading partners is an (un)official
goal of EU policy", professor Annette Kur, Max Planck Institute Munich,
remarked in a presentation in December. She added: "If and where legislation
is (partly) flawed, export is no recommendable option."
The severe consequences of flawed enforcement legislation were on display in
the recent EU seizures of life saving medicine meant for developing
countries. After these seizures have became known, the Dutch Minister for
Developmental Aid, Bert Koenders, said that he wanted to change the EU rules
on the enforcement of intellectual property rights, and that he would even
like to violate these rules.
Ante Wessels commented: "The seizures of life saving medicine and the
treatment of software developers as hard core counterfeiters are two
consequences of flawed EU legislation. Europe should be well aware that if
we export this flawed legislation, the agreement will be binding. We will
not be able to repair our own legislation anymore."
EU - Korea Free Trade Agreement (15.10.2009)
FFII analysis (7.01.2010)
Presentation professor Annette Kur, Max Planck Institute Munich (18.12.2009)
EU seizures of life saving medicine meant for developing countries
Dutch Minister for Developmental Aid, Bert Koenders (25.06.2009)
EDRi-gram: Secret IPR measures in EU - South Korea trade agreement
(Thanks to Ante Wessels - FFII)
11. Recommended Action
Stop Digital Strip Search in airports
JOIN - Facebook Group: Stop Airport Strip Searches
ENDORSE - Privacy Coalition: Sign the Petition to the US Congress
ENDORSE: Madrid Privacy Declaration
SIGN - International Boycott of Body Scanners (IBBS)
SIGN - UK Petition to abandon the proposed rollout of airport body
12. Recommended Reading
Public Domain Day - 1 January
Creative Commons and Related Rights in Sound Recordings: Are the Two Systems
Europe's dysfunctional private copying levy to remain
13. Agenda
20-22 January 2010, Namur, Belgium
The Conference for the 30th Anniversary of the CRID - An Information Society
for All : A Legal Challenge
29-30 January 2009, Turin, Italy
"Cultural Commons" - First International Workshop
29-30 January 2009, Brussels, Belgium
Third edition of the Computers, Privacy and Data Protection -
CPDP 2010 - An Element of Choice
5 February 2009, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Big Brother Awards Netherlands 2010
6-7 February 2010, Brussels, Belgium
FOSDEM 2010
14-16 April 2010, Berlin, Germany
re:publica'10 - Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
Call for Proposals deadline: 31 January 2010.
24 April 2010, London, United Kingdom
Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2010
Call for Proposals deadline: 31 January 2010.
29-30 April 2010
EuroDIG 2010
26-28 May 2010, Amsterdam, Netherlands
World Congress on Information Technology
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
25-27 June 2010, Cluj, Romania
Networking Democracy?
New Media Innovations in Participatory Politics
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-07-14 19:22:08
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.14, 14 July 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.14, 14 July 2010
1. SWIFT agreement adopted by the European Parliament
2. European Parliament invents Google Nanny
3. Increased Internet censorship in Belarus
4. The Digital Economy Act brought to court by two UK ISPs
5. Belgium ISPs are not obliged to block The Pirate Bay
6. Blocking of innocent websites by O2 Ireland
7. Facebook faces serious fines in Germany
8. Yahoo is not bound to give personal data to Belgian authorities
9. ENDitorial: French biometric passport: case still pending after 2 years
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. SWIFT agreement adopted by the European Parliament
The European Parliament has adopted the so-called SWIFT agreement on 8 July
2010 allowing sharing EU citizens' bank data with the US authorities, but
failing to stick to its initial position on privacy safeguards from February
The text was adopted with 484 votes in favour and 109 against. The
supporters of the current version claim that the new text was significantly
improved by gaining a number of important concessions from the US. These
include the limitation of bulk data being transfer to the US or the role of
Europol in overseeing the transfer process.
However, even the data protection European bodies - EDPS and the Article 29
Working Party - have underlined that the current agreement does not meet the
European privacy standards.
As EDRi has explained in a FAQ made public shortly before the vote, there
is no prior judicial ruling required for transfer of data, the definition of
"terrorism" is very broad and there is still no legal redress available for
EU citizens in the US against data transfers or the possibly serious
consequences thereof.
Also, in practice, SWIFT can't currently limit data searches to specific
individuals or single transactions. Actually, it will have to (and has in
the past) transfer data about all transactions from a certain country or a
certain bank on a certain date. There have been reports that the US Treasury
has received up to 25% of all SWIFT transactions, which number in the
billions each year.
As regards the Europol's position, the EU body is far from a judicial
authority and it is now authorized to request information from the US
searches in the transferred data, which drastically reduces any incentive to
limit the transferred amount of data in the first place.
This agreement will enter into force on 1 August 2010. The current text will
be valid for 5 years and then automatically extends for one year at a time.
In order to terminate the agreement, one of the parties has to take an
initiative. Even if it is terminated, all transferred data will remain at
the disposal of US authorities. The data provided to the American
authorities will be subject to a retention period of 5 years.
Agreement between the EU and the USA on the processing and transfer of
financial messaging data from the EU to the USA for purposes of the
Terrorist Finance Tracking Program (8.07.2010)
The Parliament shows the green light for the SWIFT II agreement (only in
French, 8.07.2010)
US to access Europeans' bank data in new deal (8.07.2010)
Frequently Asked Questions on the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program /
"SWIFT" Agreement (7.07.2010)
EDRi-gram: Same privacy concerns for the new SWIFT treaty (30.06.2010)
2. European Parliament invents Google Nanny
The Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection of the European
Parliament has found another use for Google. From now on, Google should read
what we are searching for and, if the search implies any risky behaviour,
Google should tell us to be careful. Of course, it would not be just Google
but any "search engine" and nobody felt to that it was necessary define what
exactly a "search engine" would be in this context.
The first such "risky" behaviour would be looking for information about
medication. In a report about falsified medicine, the Committee agreed to a
proposal to insert warnings in search engines in the event of a search for
medicinal products on the internet. Whether or not people exist who would
both be foolish enough to search for (and buy?) dangerous medicines from
uncertified sources online, but yet clever enough to accept Google's wise
counsel, is not yet clear. A further question is how one could implement
such a policy without scaring people away from using entirely legitimate and
verified online pharmacies.
One can, however, see lots of useful ways in which this measure can be
spread into other areas where people may be searching for things which
could, in some circumstances, be dangerous. There are vast numbers of things
which are at least as dangerous as searching for information about
medication online, although the biggest danger of all seems to be the
creation of a society whose common sense has atrophied through living in a
nanny state where people are no longer expected to think for themselves.
Undemocratic countries will also be looking with interest on what can be
done using such a system. Belarus claims that its new laws restricting the
Internet are based on legislation introduced in France and the United
Kingdom. The prospect of search engines giving a warning of the consequences
of accessing certain online resources would be an interesting new addition
to an armoury of internet restrictions.
The Committee report (adopted by 46 votes to zero, with two abstentions)
will be probably voted in a plenary session of the European Parliament in
September. It is unclear if alternative proposals will be tabled or whether
the European Commission will support the measure.
Draft report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council amending Directive 2001/83/EC as regards the prevention of
the entry into the legal supply chain of medicinal products which are
falsified in relation to their identity, history or source (7.05.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. Increased Internet censorship in Belarus
The Belarus government has adopted new measures increasing the control of
the Internet and restrictions on online freedom of expression.
Following Decree no.60 (On measures for improving use of the national
Internet network) issued on 1 February 2010 by President Alyaksandr
Lukashenka, Belarus Council of Ministers adopted five resolutions with new
Internet regulations introducing the compulsory registration of all web
sites and the collection of personal data of Internet cafe users.
The decree will enter fully into force on 1 September but the police has
already started interrogations and equipment seizures in a campaign meant to
intimidate Internet users and online journalists. According to the new
regulations, all ISPs on the territory of Belarus, irrespective of their
commercial or non-commercial nature, must register with the Communication
and Information Ministry and provide technical details about online
information resources, networks and systems used to connect to the Internet,
including computers and mobile phones.
The Council of Ministers issued on 29 April 2010 a decree "On some questions
of improving usage of the national segment of global Internet computer
network" according to which the information on registered Internet resources
gathered by a registering organisation is to be further on passed to the
Operative-Analytical Center. The body created by the same Decree no.60
will be subordinated to the President's office and will have the task to
monitor the content before it is put online, meaning it will actually be a
censorship organism. At the request of the Center, ISPs are to close down
any website within 24 hours.
The Belarusian State Telecommunication Inspection will make a list of
forbidden websites on the ground of proposals of appropriate governmental
bodies. If a Belarusian site is included on the blacklist, the owner will
receive a notice about that. The blacklist will further on be published on
the Telecommunication Inspection website, but the national ISPs may extend
that if they want.
Also any person accessing the Internet in an Internet cafi or using a shared
connection with one, must provide an identification document and a record of
all his (her) online connections will be kept for a year.
Based on the new legislation, Beltelecom, the state-own ISP has recently
blocked access to kurier.vitebsk.by, Vitebsky Kuryer's newspaper's
website which had not registered with the authorities for ideological
reasons. The reasons are actually political ones as the site criticized
local and national policies. The decree appears to be in fact aimed at
blocking opposition's Internet resources in view of the upcoming
presidential elections.
The decree has been strongly opposed and criticized by the media community
and international human rights organizations, including OSCE. Nine members
of the National Bolshevik Party who made an unauthorised demonstration on
the Freedom Square in Minsk on 23 June 2010, waving placards and wearing
T-shirts with the words "Internet Freedom", were arrested, convicted and
fined for the infringement of the procedures for holding demonstrations.
Authorities step up Internet restrictions, harassment of online journalists
All legal sites placed in .by domain will be obliged to move to Belarusian
hosting (27.05.2010)
Full text of Internet censorship regulation released in Belarus (6.07.2010)
No Entry to Belarusian Internet Cafes without Passport (2.07.2010)
EDRi-gram: New Belarus Internet regulations require compulsory web
registration (19.05.2010)
4. The Digital Economy Act brought to court by two UK ISPs
The two big UK ISPs, BT and TalkTalk, have asked the High Court to carry out
a judicial review of the most controversial aspects of the Digital Economy
Act, in order to establish whether it is in contradiction with existing
privacy and electronic communication laws.
The law will force ISPs to disconnect their customers deemed by intellectual
property rights holders to have allegedly infringed copyrights.
"The companies share a concern that obligations imposed by the Act may not
be compatible with important European rules that are designed to ensure that
national laws are proportionate, protect users' privacy, restrict the role
of ISPs in policing the Internet and maintain a single market," says a
statement of the two ISPs.
Regulator Ofcom, which is in charge of drawing up detailed plans on how the
legislation will work, has recently publicly presented the draft policy to
deal with illegal file-sharers, requiring ISPs to send warning letters to
customers who allegdly illegally download films, music and TV programs. A
provision was added at the last moment stipulating that several rounds of
consultation would be required before the implementation of such measures.
The two ISPs believe they are also disadvantaged by the Digital Economy Act
as, presently, the code of practice applies only to ISPs with more than  400
000 subscribers and therefore they may see all lot of their customers move
to smaller ISPs which are not subject to the legislation.
Technology lawyer Struan Robertson of Pinsent Masons stated that the court
could not do much about a law that has already been approved by the
Parliament: "All the court can do is make a declaration that a law is in
breach of other obligations. That declaration would put pressure on
Parliament to revisit the act."
Although, according to BBC, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said that the
Digital Economy Act "badly needs to be repealed" the new coalition
government has no plans to change it.
"The Digital Economy Act sets out to protect our creative economy from the
continued threat of online copyright infringement, which industry estimates
costs the creative industries, including creators,  per year," read a
statement from the Department of Business, Innovation and Skills which also
said: "We believe measures are consistent with EU legislation and that there
are enough safeguards in place to protect the rights of consumers and ISPs
and will continue to work on implementing them."
ISPs take Digital Economy Act to the courts (8.07.2010)
BT and TalkTalk challenge Digital Economy Act (8.07.2010)
EDRi-gram: UK Digital Economy Bill voted by the Parliament (21.04.2010)
5. Belgium ISPs are not obliged to block The Pirate Bay
Two Belgian ISPs have won their court battle against an anti-piracy group
which had demanded that they block the access to The Pirate Bay.
On 9 July 2010, the Antwerp Commercial Court rejected the blocking demands
made by the Belgium Anti-Piracy Federation against the two ISPs, considering
that the measure would be "disproportionate".
The entertainment industry has exerted pressures recently on ISPs to block
the Pirate Bay but most of them are refusing to comply. The negotiations the
Anti-Piracy Federation had with Belgacom and Telenet ended up in court but
the court ruled in favour of the ISPs.
The ISPs argued they were merely technical operators and did not have the
capacity to judge which sites were illegal and should be blocked. "It is not
the role of Telenet to decide which sites should be available or not to our
users. As a service provider, this is not within our competence," said a
spokesperson for one of the ISPs.
Also in Norway, the main ISP has refused to block access to The Pirate Bay
considering that "asking from an ISP to control and establish what its users
can or not download is as bad as asking from a post office to open and read
any letter and to decide which should or not be delivered" as explained
Ragnar Kerus, Telenor Director who added that it was not a question of being
for or against copyright but of knowing whether it was "reasonable for ISPs
to have the role of Internet censor in order to make certain rights
Another action follows the OpenBitTorrent that moved to the Spanish hosting
company SoloGigabit. Spain is one of the countries where BitTorrent search
trackers are not considered to infringe the law. Even so, IFPI has decided
to go after the OpenBitTorrent's new Spanish host and has sent a letter to
SoloGigabit stating that the hosting company could be "liable for aiding and
abetting criminal copyright infringements and receiving payments from
criminal activity."
According to the Spanish legislation, BitTorrent search trackers are
considered legal although some of their users may use it to download
copyright infringing content. The OpenBitTorrent tracker is just a
communication facilitator between torrent users. "According to all Spanish
legal resolutions, a link does not communicate nor reproduces the work under
intellectual property. So, linking is not a violation, hosting without the
rights holders permission is," told copyright expert and lawyer Javier de la
Cueva to TorrentFreak.
It is not yet certain what position will SoloGigabit take, having in view
that the company is a rather small one and might not be able to face a long
and costly trial even if it does not infringe the Spanish law.
ISPs Don't Have To Block The Pirate Bay, Court Rules (10.07.2010)
The Belgium justice refuses to impose the blocking of The Pirate Bay (only
in French, 10.07.2010)
IFPI threatens OpenBitTorrent's host, despite the Spanish jurisprudence
(only in French, 12.07.2010)
Music Industry Threatens OpenBitTorrent's New Hosting Provider (11.07.2010)
6. Blocking of innocent websites by O2 Ireland
The Irish mobile operator O2 has acknowledged accidentally blocking the
image hosting website IMGUR through its system for blocking alleged child
abuse material. There appears to have been no indication that there was, in
fact, any illegal material hosted on that site. Furthermore, it is not
obvious on what basis O2 could have made the decision to undertake the
In a statement provided to the Irish hotline, which was not published but
simply made available to people who enquired about the problem, O2 explained
that "the technology behind the service (to block child abuse images) is
more far reaching than anticipated and on occasion a site which should not
be blocked may be." It is impossible to tell how many other innocent, but
smaller and therefore less noticeable, websites are similarly blocked by
accident, due to this "far reaching technology."
O2 undertakes its blocking system on a voluntary basis, despite the fact
that, according to the European Commission, "such measures must indeed be
subject to law, or they are illegal"(according to the Commission's impact
assessment on the draft Directive on child exploitation). Nonetheless, the
European Commission is also now supporting such extra-judicial measures and
it is now also proposing to use taxpayers' money to fund them.
A six million euro call for proposals launched in June 2010 refers to
funding for "blocking access to child pornography OR blocking the access to
illegal Internet content through public-private cooperation". This call, by
the Commission, for "self-regulatory" blocking of allegedly illegal content
in general was made just a few weeks after Commissioner Malmstrvm explained
at a conference that "the Commission has absolutely no plans to propose
blocking of other types of content - and I would personally very strongly
oppose any such idea".
It is likely that further deliberate and accidental blocking of websites
will now spread in Ireland, due to the fact that the Irish former monopoly
Eircom agreed to block sites accused of containing unauthorised material,
while mobile operator Vodafone has reportedly also indicated that it will
introduce extra-judicial measures against any of its customers repeatedly
accused of infringements.
Many blogs and online message boards accused the Irish Internet hotline of
having prepared a faulty blocking list and this was what led to IMGUR being
blocked. As the Irish internet hotline does not prepare a blocking list, but
simply acts in its capacity as a hotline, these allegations were incorrect.
Commission impact assessment - Accompanying document to the Proposal for a
Council Framework Decision on combating the sexual abuse, sexual
exploitation of children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision
2004/68/JHA - Impact assessment {COM(2009) 135} {SEC(2009) 356 (25.03.2010)
Irish Internet hotline
Vodafone in line to join file-sharing clampdown (16.06.2010)
European Commission call for proposals: "Prevention of and fight against
Commissioner Malmstrvm speech: "Combating sexual abuse, sexual exploitation
of children and child pornography: the Commission's proposed Directive"
FOI shows Department of Justice planning internet blocking for Ireland
Internet Filtering in Ireland: More Information from the Seanad (1.06.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
7. Facebook faces serious fines in Germany
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information John
Caspar has launched legal proceedings against the operator of the social
network Facebook for illegally accessing and saving personal data of people
who don't use the respective social networking site.
"We consider the saving of data from third parties, in this context, to be
against personal data laws," said Caspar. Germany benefits of one of the
strictest privacy laws in the world that includes precise limits to the
access to personal data and has already launched an investigation on Google,
as well as in relation to its Street View mapping system.
Facebook was given until 11 August 2010 to give a formal response to the
legal complaint which may lead to its being fined tens of thousands of euro,
if the response is not acceptable.
Although Facebook has changed its privacy settings in order to allow its
users to block access to their e-mail address contacts, the Commissioner
argues that the already saved contacts have not been erased and are
used for marketing purposes. Facebook collects data also on non-members, by
using, for instance, the Facebook application for iPhones which allows the
transfer of all the contacts from the mobile phone to the social network.
This offers the option to transfer all available contacts in the mobile
phone on Facebook. Also, when somebody creates a new account on Facebook,
the system offers to search into the new member's e-mail accounts to find
friends on the network.
Caspar stated that many citizens had recently "complained about the use of
third party data" meaning that they had been contacted by Facebook after it
had obtained their e-mail addresses from contacts of network members.
The Consumer Protection Minister Ilse Aigner announced in June that she was
planning to give up her Facebook account considering the social network was
not doing enough to protect users' data.
Germany takes legal steps against Facebook (6.07.2010)
Hamburg data protection commissioner initiated penalty proceedings against
Facebook (7.07.2010)
Penalty proceedings against Facebook for storing the data of others (only in
German, 7.07.2010)
8. Yahoo is not bound to give personal data to Belgian authorities
The Belgian Court of Appeal of Gand ruled on 30 June 2010 that Yahoo was not
obliged to hand over personal data of its users to the Belgian authorities,
in a case where the first instance had issued a contrary ruling.
In 2009, following a cybercrime investigation by the Belgian police, it was
discovered that a group was using Yahoo e-mail addresses to commit online
fraud. The members of the group stole data from various companies and used
the data to order goods without paying. Yahoo was requested by the Belgian
Public Prosecutor to hand over the IDs related to the e-mail addresses used
by the group but the company refused to comply and, on 2 March 2009,
received a 55 000 euro fine from a Termonde judge who also imposed a daily
penalty fee of 10 000 euro in case of non-compliance with the judgment. The
court did not consider Yahoo's argument that it was not subject to the
Belgian law as it had no legal entity in Belgium and did not store any
customer data in Belgium.
The appeal court has now decided that there was no legal basis for the 2009
ruling against the company. "There is not enough evidence that the providers
of free of charge e-mail addresses are also electronic communication
services. In other words, there is no proof that Yahoo deals directly with
sending the signals. It has no control over the network as an e-mail
provider" said the decision of the Appeal Court.
It is reported that, throughout the whole process, no attempt was ever made
by the Belgian authorities to use existing Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty to
obtain the requested data via recognised legal channels.
Gand: Yahoo! acquitted in appeal for not having transmitted data to justice
(only in French, 30.06.2010)
A Win for Yahoo! And for Privacy in Belgium (6.07.2010)
EDRi-gram: Yahoo penalised in Belgium for not disclosing personal data
9. ENDitorial: French biometric passport: case still pending after 2 years
It took more than two years after the complaint against the French biometric
passport was filed to have the conclusions of the "public rapporteur"
publicly presented at the Conseil d'Etat (French highest administrative
Court), on 30 June 2010. While the final court decision was expected some
weeks later as it usually occurs, the plaintiffs received instead an
official note that the conclusions presented on 30 June were dismissed, and
that some more analysis was needed: the case will now be heard on October
The French biometric passport entered into force after a decree was
published on 4 May 2008. On 4 July 2008, a case was jointly filed before the
Conseil d'Etat by two NGOs: French EDRI member IRIS and the French Human
Rights League, to obtain the annulment of this decree. Other complaints were
filed by a group of 10 citizens from Toulouse, and by photographers
associations and companies, the latter complaint highlighting economic
issues with the decree.
The main provisions targeted by the two NGOs are: the establishment of a
centralized national biometric database; the collection and storage in the
database of 8 fingerprints (only 2 of them being also stored in the passport
chip), instead of the 2 required by the European regulation on biometric
passports; the collection of fingerprints of children starting from age 6.
Legal substantive and procedural arguments against these provisions are
provided in the complaint.
In the French Conseil d'Etat judicial system, the "public rapporteur" is a
member of the Council in charge of presenting to the court the claim put
forward in the complaint, of analyzing the circumstances and the applicable
law, and of proposing independent and impartial conclusions and
recommendations regarding the final decision. Usually, the court follows
these conclusions, or simply makes slight modifications before delivering
its judgement.
Two years after the complaint was filed, the "public rapporteur" recommended
the annulment of the provision requiring to collect and store in the
centralized database the 6 additional fingerprints, on the basis that this
was disproportionate with respect to the European regulation. While he
didn't recommend the annulment of the provision creating a centralized
database, the "public rapporteur" pointed out that this was not required by
European regulation, and that French and European data protection
institutions, as well as the European Parliament, voiced strong concerns
against this provision. However, the "public rapporteur" considered,
following the opinions of the French Ministry of Interior, that this
centralized database is necessary to avoid identity fraud and passport
trafficking, including in the case of children starting from age of 6.
Apparently, these timid conclusions were still too provocative for the
Conseil d'Etat or were they, on the contrary, indeed too timid in the
Court's view as well? No one knows yet why the Conseil d'Etat considered
that they needed to be dismissed, and that four additional months of
investigations and discussions were still needed to reach a decision. In the
mean time, the deployment of the French biometric passport has been going on
since the publication of the decree, given that such complaints do not have
any suspensive effect.
EDRi-gram: Complaint Against The French Govt To Annul The Biometric Passport
Decree. The French Government goes against CNIL in biometric passports
French biometric passport dossier (all available documents, only in French)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki - EDRi-member IRIS - France)
10. Recommended Action
Over 300 MEPs have signed the Written Declaration on ACTA.
Please continue to contact your MEPs and ask them to sign the Written
Declaration at the next Strasbourg plenary session on 6-9 September.
Less than 70 signatures needed by 9 September 2010 !
11. Recommended Reading
Joint Comments EDRi and EuroISPA to the Dialogue on Notice and Take Down of
illegal content (07.2010)
New Challenges to Data Protection study for DG Justice, Freedom and Security
Executive summary
Final report
In French
In German
Country-specific reports
Report on the implementation of open content licenses in developing and
transition countries
12. Agenda
24 July 2010, London, UK
ORGCon, first ever conference dedicated to digital rights in the UK.
25-31 July 2010, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance
29-31 July 2010, Freiburg, Germany
IADIS - International Conference ICT, Society and Human Beings 2010
2-6 August 2010, Helsingborg, Sweden
Privacy and Identity Management for Life (PrimeLife/IFIP Summer School 2010)
31 August - 3 September 2010, Budapest, Hungary
OpenOffice 2010 Conference
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
14-16 September 2010, Vilnius, Lithuania
Internet Governance Forum 2010
20-21 September 2010, Helsinki Finland
Finnish Internet Forum
8-9 October 2010, Berlin, Germany
The 3rd Free Culture Research Conference
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law. Call for papers deadline: 10 September 2010
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2010-06-16 19:41:51
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.12, 16 June 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.12, 16 June 2010
1. New SWIFT agreement as bad as the rejected one
2. Digital Agenda Commissioner Kroes publicly supporting open standards
3. Turkey extends the censorship of YouTube
4. Possible solutions for remunerating content creators in the digital era
5. Macedonia: Civil society calls for the respect of privacy
6. Copyright and cultural diversity
7. MEPs debating Human Rights for Internet users
8. French journalist facing jail for online releasing of a clip on Sarkozy
9. ENDitorial: New coalition's U-turn on privacy in UK
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. New SWIFT Agreement as Bad as the Rejected One
The EU Commission adopted on 15 June 2010 the new agreement with the US
Department of Treasury (DoT) on the transfer of data to the DoT's
Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme (TFTP), informally called "SWIFT
agreement" because it relies on data from the Society for Worldwide
Interbank Financial Telecommunication. It had been negotiated since 11
May, after the Council of Ministers adopted a new mandate. The text
of the agreement was made public by Statewatch and several MEPs. It is
significantly longer than the previous one which had been rejected in
February by a large majority of the European Parliament because of
privacy concerns. A lot of the new text contains non-binding wording on
data protection principles and legal safeguards, obviously written to
persuade the reader to think there are real improvements.
On substance though, there are not many changes. The agreement is still
based on the transfer of "bulk data", i.e. millions of data-sets of all
transactions of banks of specific countries for a given time period.
These are received by the DoT and stored for five years, just as before.
The data can later be searched for specific individuals, account numbers or
related information. The transfers now have to be authorized by EU
police authority Europol which, according to the text, has to check if
the requests are to "be tailored as narrowly as possible". Article 10 of
the agreement, on the other hand, gives Europol the right to request
data searches in the transferred data from DoT, which will in practice
seriously conflict with any incentive the police agency might have in
the first place to limit data transfers. While the agreement speaks of
legal safeguards and redress options for EU citizens when their data is
transferred and processed in the U.S., there are no binding obligations
for the U.S. side to introduce the needed changes in their laws, such as
in the Privacy Act. The agreement does not contain a sunset clause.
The Commission will now send the Agreement to the Council of Home
Affairs Ministers, who, after adopting it, will ask the European
Parliament for consent. In the Council, there are rumours that some
member states are questioning the extension of the mandate of Europol.
UK, Denmark and Ireland have opt-out clauses here, so the agreement may
actually not apply to them. Many Parliament Members have already
voiced criticism, especially over the bulk transfers, the retention
periods and the function of Europol, as the EP had asked for a
judicial authority to authorize data transfers, not a police agency. A
majority for a rejection is not at all clear yet, though. Commissioner
Malmstrvm is currently doing heavy lobbying in the Parliament and is
talking to individual political groups and members.
There also seem to be some legal issues around the Europol function,
because a consent of the Council and Parliament would imply that Europol
then operates under the provisions of the Lisbon Treaty. This is
normally done under co-decision procedures, where both institutions have
options to change the legislative proposal. In an international
agreement such as this, they can only say "yes" or "no". The bulk data
transfers and retention periods may also be in conflict with the March
ruling of the German Constitutional Court on data retention.
TFTP / SWIFT Agreement (14.06.2010)
Statewatch: Comparative Chart of the draft agreement (6 June) and the
text agreed by the European Commission - with Commentary (15.06.2010)
EU Commission: MEMO/10/258. Terrorist Finance Tracking Programme -
Comparison of Council Mandate with draft EU-US Agreement (15.06.2010)
European Parliament: Resolution on SWIFT/TFTP Negotiations (5.06.2010)
EDRi-Gram: European Parliament needs to reject the SWIFT deal (10.02.2010)
(Contribution from Ralf Bendrath, EDRi-member NNM- Germany)
2. Digital Agenda Commissioner Kroes publicly supporting open standards
On 10 June 2010, European Commission Vice-President for the Digital Agenda
Neelie Kroes addressed the Open Forum Europe 2010 Summit on interoperability
and open standards, stating she was planning to overhaul the European
Interoperability Framework to make ICT standard-setting more transparent and
make sure public administrations use open source formats to prevent the
development of monopolies in the sector.
Kroes has been supporting interoperability and open standards for some time
now and she emphasized again her belief that choosing open standards is a
very smart business decision.
She reminded she had proposed five actions in the Digital Agenda for Europe
in order to "have more and better standards recognised and created in
Europe, to make better use of these standards and to improve
interoperability in the absence of standards."
The new framework that will be developed would include a requirement for
standard-setting bodies, such as World Wide Web Consortium and Oasis, to
have disclosure rules in order to make it easier for others to use and adapt
the technology.
The Commissioner believes appropriate rules for ex-ante disclosures of
essential Intellectual Property Rights and licensing conditions in
standard-setting contexts must be promoted. Transparency of the process is
absolutely necessary. "In some cases, the choice of a technology in a
standard might be obvious in the absence of technical alternatives. Costs
and licensing conditions are less relevant in such cases. But in most cases
there are competing options and it makes clear sense to also consider this
She criticised the authorities that get stuck into proprietary technology
for a long time. "This is a waste of public money that most public bodies
can no longer afford."
Moreover, she also warned that anti-trust litigation was not how she planned
to increase interoperability in the market. She expressed her intention to
explore "all options to ensure that significant market players cannot just
choose to deny interoperability with their product. You no doubt remember
that I have some experience with reticent high-tech companies: I had to
fight hard and for several years until Microsoft began to license missing
interoperability information. Complex anti-trust investigations followed by
court proceedings are perhaps not the only way to increase
This position comes in line with the EU telecoms ministers April declaration
to support the freely-available Open Document Format in eGovernment
Neelie Kroes Address at Open Forum Europe 2010 Summit: 'Openness at the
heart of the EU Digital Agenda' Brussels (10.06.2010)
Kroes presses ahead with open IT standards (11.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: Two Digital Agendas, but one European Union (19.05.2010)
EDRi-gram: (D') Evolution Summit 2010 and the Granada Declaration
3. Turkey extends the censorship of YouTube
So far, Turkey does not seem to be impressed by the criticism against its
censorship policy regarding Internet content and blocking of websites.
On 4 June 2010, the High Council for Telecommunications reported having
asked ISPs to block additional YouTube-linked IP addresses and since then,
Turkish Internet users have had problems accessing Google services such as
Google Analytics, Google Translate, Google AdWords or Google Docs.
The Turkish authorities have been blocking access to YouTube since May 2008
because of videos considered to be insulting for Mustafa Kemal Atat|rk, the
Turkish republic's founder.
Reporters Without Borders added Turkey to the list of "countries under
surveillance" in its report on "Enemies of the Internet," issued in March
"It is time the Turkish authorities demonstrated their commitment to free
expression by putting an end to the censorship that affects thousands of
websites in Turkey and by overhauling Law 5651 on the Internet, which allows
this sort of mass blocking of sites," stated the group.
The Turkish president expressed his disapproval to the measures taken by his
country: "I do not want Turkey to be included among the countries that ban
YouTube and prevent access to Google. (....) If there are problems due to
our legislation, there should be ways to overcome that," he said.
Google, in its turn, told The Register that it believed its services were
banned accidentally and that it would work with the Turkish authorities to
solve the issue. "The difficulty accessing some Google services in Turkey
appears to be linked to the ongoing ban on YouTube. We are working to get
our services back up as soon as possible," says a company statement.
Reporters Without Borders also signalled a worrying situation created by the
existence of the Turkish law on Internet. Based on the law, Yvrsan, a
privately-owned dairy products company, is threatening to sue the news
website EmekDunyasi.net if it does not withdraw some old articles that
presented the company in a bad light.
According to the present law, the site could be closed if it refuses to take
down the respective reports and the owners of the site may even go to
prison. Article 9 of Law 5651 says: "Anyone who believes their rights are
being violated may ask the content provider to withdraw the offending
content (...) The content provider or access provider must carry out this
request within two days. If the request is refused, the matter can be
referred to a police court within 15 days (...) If the court so rules, the
penalty for offenders is from six months to two years in prison."
EmekDunyasi.net netly refused to comply with Yvrsan's request: "If this
company is so attached to its brand value, it should respect the union
rights that are guaranteed by the constitution."
"This kind of judicial blackmail is a real problem. (...) Few journalists
dare to criticise private sector companies or financial groups for fear of
reprisals. We urge the Turkish courts not to tolerate Yvrsan's censorship
attempt, which could set a dangerous precedent for the online media," stated
Reporters Without Borders.
Blockage of YouTube spreads to Google services (7.06.2010)
Turkish prez tw*ts YouTube ban - Executive Tweet frowns on Google snuff
Food company tries to censor news website's old reports about union dispute
Turkey bans Google Books, Google Docs, Google Translate... - Collateral
damage from YouTube snuff? (8.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: OSCE asks Turkey to change the laws allowing Internet blocking
4. Possible solutions for remunerating content creators in the digital era
On 8 June 2010, Green Party Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) hosted
the conference Financing Culture in the Digital Era on how to balance easy
public access to culture with guaranteed remuneration for content providers.
The purpose of the meeting was to try and find "mutually beneficial
solutions" to ensure access to culture while ensuring a decent living to
the creators of online content at the same time. An idea that seems to be
gaining more traction as a way of addressing copyright infringement is that
of a flat rate or mandated monthly sum paid by Internet users for
file-sharing and remixing.
Volker Grassmuck, a sociologist, believes a "cultural flat rate" would be
needed, that is, a "collectively managed legal permission" for the private
and non-promotional sharing of published works in order to end "copyright
extremism". He cited two UK studies demonstrating that a large majority of
file-sharers are willing to pay for the use of copyrighted items.
Philippe Aigrain, co-founder of la Quadrature du net and CEO of the Society
for Public Information Spaces, a free software developing company, backs the
idea of a flat rate system arguing that the fundamental premise of any
approach to charging for listening to music or watching films online should
be that sharing files is a basic right. He recommended a new system by which
an Internet subscriber would pay a monthly fee of 5 - 7 euro that would
generate a fund for paying artists whose work is shared on the Internet.
Peter Sunde, from the Pirate Bay and founder of Flattr, a micro-payment
network with an open implementing system, presented that type
of voluntary financing scheme, by means of which an Internet user would give
between 2 and 100 euro per month being able to nominate works that he wished
to reward or "flattr". Mr. Sunde thinks that this system responds to the
desire of the majority who are "interested in treating people the way they
want to be treated". "Givers" and "receivers" are both designated "users".
In his opinion, the comments published on a blog might be considered more
valuable than the blog's principal text, thus the notion of "creation is
something we have to redefine due to the low threshold for creation".
Maja Bogataj Jancic, legal counsel with the Institute of Intellectual
Property of Slovenia, spoke of how "copyright is at war with technology" and
tried to emphasize the notion that there were a whole range of incentives
for creating, including grants and state subsidies. Dr. Jancic described the
reasons for the success of Creative Commons (today there are 350 million
items licensed) and explained how the licensing procedure worked in
practice. "Creative Commons licenses are built on top of copyright law," she
explained. "They do not exist without copyright law."
Ofelia Tejerina from the Spanish group Asociacisn de Internautas, involved
in promoting access to public domain material, insisted on a political
solution for the transference of "public domain" material across borders.
Cay Wesnigk, member of VG Bild-Kunst, considers that the key to a workable
solution is transparency since there is a lack of confidence in the
distribution system that accounts for infringement. Young people, he
believes, are "aware of their moral obligations and realize they are
participating in illegal activities but don't care", in other words, there
has been an erosion of trust in the legal system. He proposed a "new
social contract" between artists and audiences.
But Cicile Despringre, director of the Society of Audiovisual Authors, a
group representing the film industry, defended the role of collecting
societies. The "collective management" of copyright is "still the best
system for rewarding creation," she claimed.
"There is a need for improvement," she added. "And it is important that we
have a direct analysis of how this can be done. Film-making shouldn't
directly apply the system used in music. But there is no point in
expecting right-holders to give up on their rights."
MEP Karima Delli noted that 1.6 billion people worldwide have the means to
copy files. "This is the very basis for a shared culture; the internet
should be the means by which we democratise culture," she said. "There is no
magic solution. We are going to have to try out new economic
models to fight against the concentration of powers in many commercial
systems applying to cinema and books, etc."
The experts at the meeting seemed to have reached a consensus over the fact
that the consumers feel that authors should be remunerated and that they
don't want to give their money to multinational entities. A societal debate
including users and not only representatives of the industry and
rights-holders is also needed. Relying on market forces would be a mistake;
publishers already exert too much force in the realm of culture.
Video recording of the conference
New Business Models Proposed In Debate On EU Culture And Copyright
5. Macedonia: Civil society calls for the respect of privacy
On 11 June 2010, fifteen Macedonian civil society organizations reacted to
the threats to privacy and democracy contained in the Draft Law amending
the Law on Electronic Communications, calling for the withdrawal of the text
from parliamentary procedure.
The call has been supported by more than 365 citizens so far,
including prominent solicitors and other intellectuals, and was prepared
based on expert analyses, taking into account the views of relevant
stakeholders, especially NGOs dealing with human rights protection,
expressed in public and at the round table "Privacy in Macedonia" held on 4
June 2010 in Skopje.
The reason for this reaction to the proposed amendments is that those
amendments are creating legal opportunities for arbitrary and unlimited use
of eavesdropping and other forms of interception of electronic
communications that violate the basic postulates of the Constitution of the
Republic of Macedonia (Article 17 and 25) that guarantee the inviolability
of all forms of communication and protection of privacy and dignity.
The proposed amendments contravene directly the European Convention on Human
Rights and other international agreements ratified by the Macedonian
Assembly and the new EU Directive 2009/136/EC, part of the
Telecom Package. The amendments circumvent the norms established by the Law
on Personal Data Protection, the Law on Interception of Communications and
the Law on Criminal Procedure, and grant the Ministry of Interior with a
"constant and direct access" to telecommunication networks' traffic data.
The initiative launched by the EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation,
Transparency Macedonia, FOSIM and the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights
is supported by the Macedonian Centre for European Training, FORUM - CSID,
Kontrapunkt, the Council for Global Cooperation, Reactor, YEF, Children's
Theatre Centre, CA Common Values, the Centre for Media Development, Freedom
Square, Free Software Macedonia and Civil.
The full text of the call is available on the website of the Metamorphosis
Foundation, and was also submitted to all MPs in Parliament,
the Prime Minister, the Minister for Transport and Communications, and to
the Delegation of the EU to Macedonia along with relevant supporting
Bardhyl Jashari, the director of the EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation
says that the proposed law, apart from dangerously limiting citizens privacy
and eroding a fundamental human right, was proposed in a non-transparent and
non-inclusive manner, without involving relevant stakeholders.
Call for protection of citizens' privacy in the Republic of Macedonia
EDRi-gram: Macedonia: New Law on Electronic Communications Proposed
(Contribution by EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation - Macedonia)
6. Copyright and cultural diversity
The conclusions of a study commissioned by the Culture and Education
Committee (CULT), summarising the state of implementation of the UNESCO
Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural
Expressions (ratified by the European Community in 2007) has been publicly
The study focused on fields where the EU would be expected to provide
leadership. A good deal of attention was paid to the regulatory implications
of digital media and the research team adopted an emphatically critical
approach to the idea of enhancing copyright.
The head of the study, Christophe Germann said that while some copyright was
necessary, the research team had come to the conclusion that too much
copyright "is detrimental to diversity of cultural expression" and that
policy-makers in the EU are generally overly exposed to lobbyists that
"repeat the prevailing dogma about the need for better copyright law".
According to the assessment, policy-makers who only listen to the loudest
and strongest voice fail to implement the parts of the Convention they
consider most valuable; diversity of cultural expression is particularly
threatened by Intellectual Property Rights "in markets that are dominated by
big corporations exercising collective power as oligopolies".
The study considered selective state aid mechanisms in the audiovisual
field to be risky insofar as they represent an incentive to clientelism and
a bad model for authoritarian regimes with regard to the possibility of
covert censorship and inhibiting cultural entrepreneurship.
The study was also highly critical of the fact that, so far, there had not
been any formal discussions between the EU and WTO on questions of trade and
culture, and pointed out that during recent international trade negotiations
the issue of "cultural exceptions" was not even raised by the EU. Dr.
Germann noted that culture-related aspects of intellectual property rights
might have translated into increasingly well-articulated norms of law. The
need to distinguish between patents and public health was also mentioned,
and the EU was admonished for negotiating TRIPS-plus, which would "export
regulations to jurisdictions that don't have proper competition law to
balance protection with IPR".
Mira Burri (World Trade Institute) presented an assessment of implementation
of the Convention in EU internal policies, and reminded the Commission that
mainstreaming a culture obligation into all relevant policy decisions is one
of the obligations under the Convention. Ms. Burri said the Commission
should be particularly cautious when pushing for extending copyrights "which
could also reduce creativity" and "have an important impact on freedom" -
especially with respect to the implementation of rules such as 3-strikes and
the enforcement of copyright through intermediaries. Overall, she declared,
the interests and rights of users are not duly protected in negotiations.
Implementing the UNESCO Convention of 2005 in the European Union
Implementing the UNESCO Convention in EU's Internal Policies (14.05.2010)
The Implementation of the UNESCO Convention on the Diversity of Cultural
Expressions in the EU's External Policies (14.05.2010)
A summary of the UNESCO Study
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
7. MEPs debating Human Rights for Internet users
On 2 June 2010, the Subcommittee on Human Rights of the European
Parliament (DROI) hosted a parliamentary hearing on the human rights
implications of new information technologies and communications networks.
Finnish Green MEP Heidi Hautala, the Chair of the Human Rights
sub-committee, said that European companies should be encouraged to join the
"Global network initiative" and promised to identify possible problems.
Andrew Puddephatt from Global Partners and Associates who presented a study
on human rights and the new technologies at the request of the MEPs, said
the Internet was an "evolving transnational ecosystem shaped by governments,
businesses, technologies" which presented "users themselves with tremendous
opportunities to strengthen human rights protection and significant
He spoke about the dangers of information and communication technologies,
flagging four major areas of concern for policy-making in the transnational
environment: new threats to freedom of expression with peer-to-peer, privacy
and the growing practice of data mining, the aggregation of intellectual
property rights and equality, and the "digital divide". He also added that
while the Internet had led to the "democratisation of freedom of expression,
taken out of hands of elites to populations as a whole, (...) sophisticated
and sometimes hidden censorships tools" were being used by enemies of human
rights. He advised that EU could pressure countries in international forums,
develop experts on IT issues and offer financial support to NGOs for human
rights issues.
China's and Iran's policy of Internet censorship were the two cases
discussed at the hearing.
Lucie Morillon (Reporters Sans Frontiers) presented the increasing levels of
Internet censorship and state dissemination of misinformation through the
Internet (the list of countries with internet censorship has risen to 60).
She called Google's move in China a "courageous stand" which had launched a
real debate, though in recent months, she said, through their campaign
against "pornography", the Chinese have been shutting down websites that
have nothing to do with pornography. She also criticized ACTA for provisions
on suspension of access to information and for trying to make "copyright
police" out of intermediaries. She would like to see EU-level legislation to
ensure net neutrality and future trade agreements with provisions to protect
online freedom of expression.
As regarding the situation in Iran, Barry French from Nokia Siemens admitted
that the company had made an error in providing Iran active surveillance
technology for monitoring centres. The European Parliament criticised the
company over this and the way the technology had been used by Teheran to
intercept mobile telephone calls. In 2009 Nokia stopped all work connected
to monitoring centres and started reviewing policies. "We have a
responsibility to help ensure that the communications technologies we
provide are used to support, and not infringe, human rights" said Barry
French at the hearing.
Simon Hampton of Google explained that after sophisticated attacks on Gmail,
(notably what he called increasing censorship and accusations of being in
pornography), in March 2010 Google decided to stop censoring search results
in China and redirected traffic from "google.cn" to "google.hk".
Shiyu Zhou of the Global Internet Freedom Consortium said China was the best
example of cyberpolicing, blocking and filtering calling it a "21st
century Berlin wall". He said that "today the internet and satellite TV are
probably the biggest hope for global information freedom".
Lithuanian MEP Laima Andrikiene ,Vice-chair of the sub-committee, supported
an initiative for the Council and Commission to bring China to the WTO and
said that the "internet became an important engine for protest and
mobilisation". She urged the EU to use the United Nations Human Rights
Council to guard against abuses.
Friends & foes of the internet & human rights (9.06.2010)
Presentations from the event (2.06.2010)
Subcommittee on Human Rights (2.06.2010)
8. French journalist facing jail for online releasing of a clip on Sarkozy
A French journalist may go to jail for having leaked on the Internet an
embarrassing off-air video with the French President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Augustin Scalbert of Rue89, brought to court by the National TV company
France 3, was charged with receiving stolen goods. If found guilty, he may
get 5 years of prison and an up to 375 000 euro fine.
Reporters sans Frontihres have condemned prosecutor Anne-Julie Paschal's
decision to place under investigation the journalist who published an
article on 30 June 2008 accompanied by a video showing the French President
irritated by a technician who had not greeted him before an interview. "We
are not in the public service, we are with the demonstrators" said Sarkozy
ironically and when journalist Vironique Auger answered "This is France",
the president replied "This is going to change".
Augustin Scalbert was accused of concealing the video clip considered to be
stolen from France 3. It was considered that Augustin Scalbert had
"concealed" because he had protected the identity of his source. "The
increase of the actions against journalists meant to oblige them to reveal
their sources places in danger the investigation journalism in France," said
Reporters sans frontiers.
A technician from France 3 was also place under investigation for theft in
the same case, where a hearing with the prosecutor took place on 11 June
Several French Journalist Associatons have expressed their public support to
the two persons under investigation, calling it as a new attack against the
protection of the information sources.
The French Green Party has asked France 3 to withdraw the action describing
the legal move as "an attack on the freedom of the press."
A journalist from Rue 89 placed under investigation for "concealment", a
threat to journalistic sources (only in French, 11.06.2010)
Concealer, the other name of the journalist who protects his sources (only
in French, update 11.06.2010)
Journalist facing jail for leaking embarrassing off-air video clip of
Nicolas Sarkozy TV interview (14.06.2010)
9. ENDitorial: New coalition's U-turn on privacy in UK
The coalition Government plans to keep the Summary Care Record, despite
pre-election pledges by both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats to
rip up the system - which is not compliant with the I v Finland judgement of
the European Court of Human Rights.
Last year colleagues and I wrote Database State, a report for the Joseph
Rowntree Reform Trust, which studied 46 systems that keep information on all
of us, or at least a significant minority of us. We concluded that eleven of
them were almost certainly illegal under human-rights law, and most of the
rest had problems. Our report was well received by both Conservatives and
Lib Dems; many of its recommendations were adopted as policy.
Old-timers may recall that back in 1996-7, many of us geeks supported New
Labour enthusiastically, as Blair promised not to introduce key escrow. It
took him almost a year to renege on that promise; it has taken the coalition
less than a month.
Blair's U-turn on key escrow in 1998 led to the establishment of FIPR, and a
two-year fight against what became the RIP Act (where at least we limited
escrow to the powers in part 3). What's the appropriate response now to
Cameron and Clegg?
It's inconceivable that assurances given to farmers, or to soldiers, or to
teachers would be tossed aside so casually. Yet half a million of us earn
our living in IT in Britain - there's a lot more of us than of any of them!
And many people in other jobs care about privacy, copyright, and other
digital issues. So do those of us who care about digital policy have to
become more militant? Or do we have to raise money and bribe the ruling
parties? Or, now that all three major parties are compromised, should we
downgrade our hopes for parliament and operate through the courts and
through Europe instead?
Coalition Government to retain Summary Care Record (4.06.2010)
Tories would 'dismantle' NPfIT infrastructure (10.08.2009)
Liberal Democrats' health policy (26.01.2010)
Finland privacy judgment (23.07.2008)
Database State (23.03.2009)
(contribution by Ross Anderson - EDRi-member FIPR - UK)
10. Recommended Action
Only two weeks of plenary in Strasbourg are left for Members of the European
Parliament (MEPs) to have a chance to sign Written Declaration 12 (WD12) on
ACTA. 150 signatures are still missing, mostly from Germany, United Kingdom,
Italy, and Poland. Every EU citizen is encouraged to call Strasbourg offices
of non-signatories MEPs until thursday, 12:00, to urge them to sign WD12.
Privacy International launches new technology site: "Cracking the Black
Box", a site devoted to discovering the answers to key technical mysteries
behind some of the world's most controversial IT systems. The site
encourages experts and whistleblowers to help resolve crucial questions
about how technology is designed and deployed. The first two issues being
addressed are the Google Wi-Fi controversy and the EU proposal to retain
search data.
11. Recommended Reading
Rapport on Internet of Things - European Parliament's Committee on Industry,
Research and Energy (10.05.2010)
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights - 2010 Annual Report
Study on Online Copyright Enforcement and Data Protection in Selected Member
States - Netherlands, Poland, UK (04.2010)
WIPO: Scoping Study on Copyright and Related Rights and the Public Domain
(by Siverine Dusollier, Professor, University of Namur, Belgium)
12. Agenda
25-27 June 2010, Cluj, Romania
Networking Democracy?
New Media Innovations in Participatory Politics
28-30 June 2010, Torino, Italy
COMMUNIA 2010 Conference: University and Cyberspace
Reshaping Knowledge Institutions for the Networked Age
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
25-31 July 2010, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance
29-31 July 2010, Freiburg, Germany
IADIS - International Conference ICT, Society and Human Beings 2010
2-6 August 2010, Helsingborg, Sweden
Privacy and Identity Management for Life (PrimeLife/IFIP Summer School 2010)
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
14-16 September 2010, Vilnius, Lithuania
Internet Governance Forum 2010
8-9 October 2010, Berlin, Germany
The 3rd Free Culture Research Conference
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law. Call for papers deadline: 10 September 2010
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-06-30 17:55:45
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.13, 30 June 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.13, 30 June 2010
1. Data retention - time for evidence-based decision making
2. Same privacy concerns for the new SWIFT treaty
3. ACTA - new criminal sanctions for non-commercial copyright uses?
4. EP calls for a clear legal framework for the Internet of Things
5. Article 29 WP issues opinion on cookies in the new ePrivacy Directive
6. Increased pressure on Turkey to stop Internet blocking
7. Iceland - first steps for a new media haven
8. ENDitorial: Council of Europe draft Recommendation on Profiling
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Data retention - time for evidence-based decision making
In June 2010 the European Parliament adopted a farcical "written
declaration" ostensibly on the creation of an "early warning system" to
fight pedophiles. Funded by unknown sources, the MEPs in charge (Zaborska
from the Czech Republic and Motti from Italy) put together the Declaration
in order to promote the retention of communications data and the extension
of this practice to "search engines".
After tabling the declaration, a highly polished, American-style lobby
campaign went into operation. The lobbying neatly avoided mentioning data
retention in any of the associated printed materials, in any of the e-mails
sent to MEPs and on the campaign's website.
The MEPs involved and their staff harangued and harassed parliamentarians,
even to the point of putting lobbying material on their desks in the
Parliament's hemicycle itself - with the simple message of "sign to fight
sexual harassment" using a picture of a vulnerable-looking child. Mainly as
a result of the large number of parliamentarians that signed due to
mistakenly trusting what they were told about the content of the
declaration, it was adopted.
The Declaration has now been sent to the European Commission, where Cecillia
Malmstrvm, who vehemently opposed the Data Retention Directive in her
previous job as a Member of the European Parliament, needs to decide how to
respond. Having indicated in the Swedish press that such an approach would
be disproportionate, there are reasons to be hopeful that her position will
be firm and favourable to citizens' rights. To make Commissioner Malmstrom's
task even easier, she took an oath in May of this year to respect the
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
Unequivocal opposition to such extreme proposals is important, particularly
at the moment. By the end of this week, the relevant Directorate-General of
the Commission will have completed its first draft assessment of the Data
Retention Directive, which will then be reviewed by the Commissioner. This
will then be followed by a second round of drafting, consultation with the
other parts of the Commission and adoption of the final report, probably in
the second half of September. In the absence of evidence to suggest that
data retention has served any useful purpose, it is to be hoped that the
Commissioner will maintain her opposition to the Directive and propose
appropriate and ambitious amendments, removing obligations on all Member
States to impose long-term blanket data retention on all citizens.
This process is all the more important as a result of developments in the
Council of Europe, which will soon adopt its Recommendation on Profiling.
The current and almost final version of that text lends credibility to
Member States that wish to exploit retained data to assign "profiles" to
innocent citizens. The Recommendation exempts Member States from having to
apply three important chapters: on lawfulness, data quality and sensitive
data. In 2008, a report prepared for the Council of Europe pointed out that
registration of internet users is "likely to have a chilling effect not just
on journalists but on any users that wish to access public or legal, but
controversial materials." The implementation of profiling would make this
serious chilling effect seem minor in comparison.
Campaigning against the Data Retention Directive is already in full swing.
More than 100 organisations (including EDRi) from 23 European countries
asked last week EU Commissioners Malmstrvm, Reding and Kroes in a joint
letter to "propose the repeal of the EU requirements regarding data
retention in favour of a system of expedited preservation and targeted
collection of traffic data". Among the signatories are civil liberties, data
protection and human rights associations as well as crisis line and
emergency call operators, professional associations of journalists, jurists
and doctors, trade unions, consumer organisations and industry associations.
Study undertaken for the Council of Europe on the effects of anti-terror
legislation (11.2008)
Written declaration 29 website
Oath sworn by Commissioners (3.05.2010)
Draft Council of Europe Recommendation on profiling (3.06.2010)
Data retention Directive
Malmstrom says no to Google Storage (only in Swedish, 28.06.2010)
Letter to Commissioner (22.06.2010)
Civil society calls for an end to compulsory telecommunications data
retention (28.06.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Same privacy concerns for the new SWIFT treaty
The agreement between the EU and USA on the transfer of bank data through
SWIFT was signed on 28 June 2010 after the Spanish Presidency of the Council
of Ministers has accepted some of the changes on the text proposed by MEPs,
but with no significant improvements from the Agreement rejected by the
European Parliament in February 2010.
The text of the new SWIFT Agreement will now probably be rushed through the
next European Parliament plenary session in Strasbourg (5-8 July).
After the draft agreement was initiated by Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrvm on
10 June, MEPs asked for changes to the text concerning the bulk transfer of
data, the creation of an EU counterpart to the US Terrorist Finance Tracking
Programme (TFTP), and EU oversight of TFTP data-processing in the US.
Unfortunately, the new adopted text still allows for bulk data transfers.
The Parliament would have liked to replace bulk data with targeted searches
carried out by an EU-based authority but according to MEP Birgit Sippel, "We
cannot reduce the problem of bulk data for the moment as we do not have the
technical capability."
The retention period is still 5 years and there is no real system in
place from the US on a binding legal redress. The US Privacy Act court
clauses only apply to US citizens and legal residents. Therefore there is
currently no right of judicial review for foreign citizens and residents
(including EU) under the US law.
Another key critique to the current text is the role of Europol that should
authorize the data transfer requests from the US. Besides the fact that
Europol is not a judicial authority, as requested by the European Parliament
in May 2010 Resolution, the incentive from this agency to limit the amount
of data being transferred is extremely reduced due to the fact that they can
actually request data searches from the US.
On 25 June, EDPS Peter Hustinx expressed his concerns related to the
transfer of bulk amounts of bank data to the U.S. authorities and pointed
out the key elements to be improved for data protection, especially as
regarding data retention periods, enforceability of the citizens' data
protection rights, judicial oversight and independent supervision. "I am
fully aware that the fight against terrorism and terrorism financing may
require restrictions to the right to the protection of personal data.
However, in view of the intrusive nature of the draft agreement, which
allows transfers of data in bulk to the US, the necessity of such scheme
should first be unambiguously established, especially in relation to already
existing instruments. Would this be the case, other key elements should
however be improved in order to meet the conditions of the EU legal
framework for data protection."
As MEP Alexander Alvaro told EurActiv, in terms of the agreement, the
European Commission will write a framework for the extraction of data on US
soil in order to set up an EU equivalent to TFTP and in case after five
years this is not in place, the Commission will have to renegotiate or
terminate the present agreement. But the present text automatically extends
for one more year if nothing happens. It does not have to be renewed, it
just has to be actively terminated.
EU, US sign SWIFT agreement (28.06.2010)
EU wins concessions on US bank data-sharing deal (25.06.2010)
EU-US new draft agreement on financial data transfers: EDPS calls for
further data protection improvements (22.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: New SWIFT agreement as bad as the rejected one (16.06.2010)
3. ACTA - new criminal sanctions for non-commercial copyright uses?
A new round of negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
(ACTA) is in progress until 1 July 2010 at Luzern, Switzerland between 11
parties including the EU.
A document leaked from the EU Presidency dated 7 April 2010 shows that EU
member states intended to introduce under ACTA more criminal sanctions for
copyright infringements even for non-commercial reasons.
The EU Presidency document stated that the position of the EU Member States
is still under examination with regard to article 2.14.1 covering copyright
or related rights infringements. Some proposals of this article explicitly
plan to apply criminal sanctions to "infringements that have no direct or
indirect motivation of financial gain".
"The ACTA agreement, by its opacity and undemocratic nature, allows criminal
sanctions to be simply negotiated. The leaked document shows that the EU
Member States are willing to impose prison sanctions for non-commercial
usages of copyrighted works on the Internet as well as for 'inciting and
aiding', a notion so broad that it could cover any Internet service or
speech questioning copyright policies. EU citizens should interrogate their
governments about their support to policies that obviously attack freedom of
speech, privacy and innovation" says Jirimie Zimmermann, spokesperson for
La Quadrature du Net.
ACTA will also hinder access to medicine by preventing the production and
the exportation of generic molecules. "ACTA would affect the access to
treatments worldwide, because it will hinder the access to cheap generic
drugs. Without generic drugs, it would have never been possible for 4
millions people to have access to antiretroviral drugs. If concluded, ACTA
would be a terrible stepback for millions of people living with HIV
worldwide," stated Pauline Londeix, spokesperson for Act Up-Paris.
Some countries, such as India, threatened to establish a coalition of
countries against the treaty as they believe ACTA is in conflict with
international trade law, and it undermines the balance of rights,
obligations and flexibilities that already exists within international law.
The Swiss Pirate Party together with their Pirate colleagues from Germany
and Switzerland organised a rally at the Lucerne train station. The Pirate
parties and a group of 12 non-governmental organisations are also having
short meetings with the Swiss and other delegations.
The Berne Declaration, Midecins Sans Frontihres , ACT UP Paris, Knowledge
Ecology International, Oxfam, La Quadrature du Net, Third World Network, and
representatives of the Washington College of Law issued on 23 June an urgent
ACTA Communique, which attracted a huge number of signatories from MEPs,
academics and NGOs. The document states that the new treaty will encourage
internet service providers to police the activities of internet users by
holding internet providers responsible for the actions of subscribers,
conditioning safe harbours on adopting policing policies, and by requiring
parties to encourage cooperation between service providers and rights
holders. It will also encourage this surveillance, and the potential for
punitive disconnections by private actors, without adequate court oversight
or due process.
In a joint statement of the European associations of fixed and mobile
telecoms operators, European internet service providers, cable companies and
digital media organisations have also warned that the "proposed obligation
on online providers to reveal the identity of their subscribers directly to
right holders violates the existing EU data protection obligations."
Also, the International Trademark Association and the International Chamber
of Commerce's Business Action to Stop Counterfeiting and Piracy submitted
joint recommendations and comments on the ACTA text and recommended
maintaining the "original, narrow scope of ACTA to trademark counterfeiting
and copyright piracy for ACTA's effective implementation in different
countries." According to them, "the scope of draft text of the agreement
includes a wide range of intellectual property rights, which risks diluting
the focus and overall strength of the trade agreement."
International Experts Find that Pending Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
Threatens Public Interests (23.06.2010)
Leak: EU pushes for criminalizing non-commercial usages in ACTA (24.06.2010)
ACTA: International 'three strikes', surveillance and worse (23.06.2010)
The ACTA casino must be closed (28.06.2010)
Geist: Developing world opposition mounts to anti-counterfeiting agreement
Scope Of Anti-Counterfeiting Agreement Again A Big Issue In Round Nine
EDRi-gram: ACTA: European Commission transparently ignores European
Parliament (21.04.2010)
4. EP calls for a clear legal framework for the Internet of Things
In a resolution on the Internet of Things, adopted on 15 June 2010, the
European Parliament (EP) welcomes the communication of the Commission on
the topic and in principle endorses the broad outlines of the action plan to
promote the Internet of Things.
The Parliament however takes the view that the development of new
applications and the actual functioning and business potential of the
Internet of Things will be intrinsically linked to the trust European
consumers have in the system, and points out that trust exists when doubts
about potential threats to privacy and health are clarified. It stresses
that this trust must be based on a clear legal framework, including rules
governing the control, collection, processing and use of the data collected
and transmitted by the Internet of Things and the types of consent needed
from consumers.
The Parliament further notes that the Internet of Things will lead to the
collection of truly massive amounts of data and calls on the Commission, in
this connection, to submit a proposal for the adaptation of the European
Data Protection Directive with a view to address the data collected and
transmitted by the Internet of Things.
In the view of the Parliament, respect for privacy and the protection of
personal data together with openness and interoperability are the only ways
the Internet of Things will gain wider social acceptance. The EP firmly
believes that all users should have control over their personal data and
stresses that a precondition for promoting technology is the introduction of
legal provisions to reinforce respect for the fundamental values and for the
protection of personal data and privacy.
In the context of privacy by design, the European Parliament also notes the
opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) on this topic, who
stressed the importance of Privacy by Design as the guiding
principle and highlighted that in the context of RFID, the existing data
protection rules need to be complemented with additional rules imposing
specific safeguards, particularly making it mandatory to embed technical
solutions (Privacy by Design) in RFID technology. He furthermore expressed
his concern that RFID operators in the retail sector may overlook the
possibility for RFID tags to be monitored by unwanted third parties and
thinks it is conceivable that self-regulation will not deliver the expected
results. He therefore called upon the Commission to be ready to propose
legislative instruments regulating the main issues of RFID usage in case the
effective implementation of the existing legal framework fails.
This call for a regulation of the main issues of RFID usage now obviously
gained support from the European Parliament which, in addition, underlines
that RFID applications must be operated in accordance with the rules on
privacy and data protection enshrined in Articles 7 and 8 of the Charter of
Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
The resolution of the Parliament not only addresses the European Commission
but also calls on manufacturers to secure the right to "chip silence" and
calls for RFID application operators to take all reasonable steps to ensure
that data does not relate to an identified or identifiable natural person
unless such data is processed in compliance with the applicable principles
and legal rules on data protection.
It is the believe of the Parliament that a general principle should be
adopted whereby Internet of Things technologies should be designed to
collect and use only the absolute minimum amount of data needed to perform
their function, and should prevent from collecting any supplementary data.
It calls for a significant amount of the data shared by the Internet of
Things to be made anonymous before being transmitted, in order to secure
The European Parliament believes in the importance of ensuring that all
fundamental rights - not only privacy - are protected in the process of
developing the Internet of Things and calls on the Commission to monitor
closely the implementation of the European regulations already adopted in
this area and to present, by the end of the year, a timetable for the
guidelines it intends to propose at the EU level for improving the safety of
the Internet of Things and of RFID applications.
As EDRi-gram reported earlier this year the resolution was drafted by MEP
Maria Badia i Cutchet, rapporteur to the European Parliament's Committee on
Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) including opinions of the Committees on
International Trade, Internal Market and Consumer Protection and Legal
The EP Resolution has to be seen not only in the context of the European
Commission's communication on the Internet of Things and the EDPS opinion on
Privacy by Design, but also of the European Commission's RFID recommendation
and the Industry proposal for an RFID Privacy Impact Assessment, which
unfortunately fails to identify a single specific risk.
In this context, the resolution of the European Parliament can be seen as
another strong signal towards the European Commission to act without undue
delay to effectively protect the fundamental rights of individuals affected
by RFID and other technologies related to the Internet of Things and towards
manufacturers and RFID application operators to take their obligations
serious and effectively secure privacy and data protection rights of all
persons affected by their products and applications.
European Parliament resolution of 15 June 2010 on the Internet of Things
(2009/2224(INI)) (15.06.2010)
Communication to the European Parliament, the Council, the EESC and the
committee of the Regions: Internet of Things - An action plan for Europe
EDRi-gram: EP, EDPS and EDRi on RFID and the Internet of Things (24.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: Industry proposed RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework
Commission Recommendation on the implementation of privacy and data
protection principles in applications supported by radio-frequency
identification (12.05.2009)
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
5. Article 29 WP issues opinion on cookies in the new ePrivacy Directive
The Article 29 Data Protection Working Party (WP) representing the European
data protection authorities published on 24 June an opinion clarifying the
application of the data protection rules in online behavioural advertising,
with a focus on the new text of the ePrivacy Directive.
Article 29 Working Party believes that while online behavioural advertising
may be beneficial for businesses and users alike, it still raises personal
data protection and privacy issues. The opinion states that the advertising
providers using tracking cookies are bound, through the revised ePrivacy
Directive, to obtain the informed consent of their users before the
installation of tracking devices such as cookies. According to the
Directive, storing and accessing information on users' computers is lawful
only "on condition that the subscriber or user concerned has given his or
her consent, having been provided with clear and comprehensive information
about the purposes of the processing". The only except is in the case a
cookie is absolutely necessary for the provision of a certain service
required explicitly by a user.
In its Opinion, the Working Party asks for simple and effective mechanisms
by means of which users can give their consent for online behavioural
advertising but also simple and effective mechanisms by means of which they
can withdraw their consent. Presently, allowing cookies is a default setting
with three out of the four major used browsers and Article 29 WP believes
that the users not changing a default setting does not necessarily means
consent. The users should be clearly informed, in an understandable manner,
on the purposes of tracking and given the choice of having their behaviour
browsed or not.
"Average data subjects are not aware of the tracking of their online
behaviour, the purposes of the tracking, etc. They are not always aware of
how to use browser settings to reject cookies, even if this is included in
privacy policies," says the opinion.
However, the Working Party considered the consent may be given to an
advertising network and not to every single website. "....the consent
obtained to place the cookie and use the information to send targeting
advertising would cover subsequent 'readings' of the cookie that take place
every time the user visits a website partner of the ad network provider
which initially placed the cookie." Article 29 WP also said that this
consent should expire after a year, and that each advertising network should
request consent again after that period. It also said that the consent could
be withdrawn at any time.
The Internet Advertising Bureau Europe, the European Publishers Council and
other advertising and publishers' trade bodies reacted to this opinion by
issuing a statement saying: "The industry believes this is a gross
misinterpretation of the intention of the Directive and a misrepresentation
of the type of data typically collected and processed for the purposes of
serving interest-based advertising to consumers on our websites."
The Article 29 WG's opinion is based on the opinion presented on 23 June
2010 during EP Privacy Platform Meeting by Belgian Data Protection
Supervisor Mr. Debeuckelaere which focused on "Transparency, Information,
Consent". During  the meeting, aspects of behavioural advertising were
discussed by more than 100 representatives from industry, privacy activists,
EU institutions, governments and European data protection supervisors.
The representatives of Privacy International and the Electronic Frontier
Foundation argued that the user control tools do not allow for the complete
erasure of profiles, and some data collection, for example by flash cookies,
remains invisible and outside the control of the user.
During the meeting, Mrs Sophia In 't Veld, rapporteur for competition issues
in the Economic Affairs committee, suggested that besides consent and
transparency, a key word should be "choice". "Often internet users are more
or less obliged to give their consent, as there is no alternative. Users
must have a real choice, otherwise it is just token consent", said In 't
Veld who also pointed out the necessity of having a single set of data
protection rules that would apply to the private as well as the public
sectors. "We must regulate the use of personal data for commercial purposes,
but the same standards of data protection should apply to the use of those
same data by public authorities for law enforcement purposes. We often do
not realise how government agencies are using data collected by companies
for commercial purposes. But different rules apply to the private and public
sectors. That must be corrected".
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party Opt-out is not sufficient
Opt-out is not sufficient - European Data Protection Authorities clarify EU
rules on online behavioural Advertising (22.06.2010)
Cookie consent can't be implied from browser settings, say privacy watchdogs
Transparency, Choice and Consent key words for cookies (24.06.2010)
6. Increased pressure on Turkey to stop Internet blocking
As Turkey continues its ban on Google's YouTube and other services, it
attracts more and more criticism. After Turkey's President Abdullah Gul
himself has taken position against its own government in this matter, it is
now OSCE turn to react.
On 22 June 2010, Dunja Mijatovic, the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the
Media, asked the Turkish authorities to restore access to Google's YouTube
and other services and change the much-criticized Law No. 5651 (so-called
Internet Law) in order to be in line with international standards on free
expression. "I ask the Turkish authorities to revoke the blocking provisions
that prevent citizens from being part of today's global information society.
I also ask them to carry out a very much needed reform of Law No. 5651,"
said Mijatovic.
OSCE representative has sent a letter to Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet
Davutoglu, showing concern about the new blocking decisions taken at the
beginning of June when the ban was extended to other Google services such as
Google Translate or Google Docs.
The Turkish Communication Minister Binali Yildirim has lately argued that
the reason of banning Google services is related to tax disputes and has
accused Google of infringing the Turkish law and of failing to cooperate
with the Turkish authorities. "This site is waging a battle against the
Turkish." But not even the flawed Internet Law includes tax disputes among
the reasons for blocking websites, as was pointed out by Mijatovic who
added: "My office has been promoting the urgent reform of Law No. 5651,
because it considerably limits freedom of expression and severely restricts
citizens' right to access information."
Google, in its turn, is confident it complies with tax laws in every country
where it operates. "We are currently in discussion with the Turkish
authorities about this, and are confident we comply with Turkish law. We
report profits in Turkey which are appropriate for the activities of our
Turkish operations," was Google's statement.
A petition has been signed by hundreds of Internet users denouncing the ban
as an affront to "free speech and rights to access information" and calling
for Binali Yildirim's resignation. Three information technology groups are
challenging the ban in courts.
Richard Howitt, a British member of the European Parliament and advocate of
Turkey's European Union membership, has warned Turkey that the ban puts "the
country alongside Iran, North Korea and Vietnam as one of the world's worst
offenders for cyber censorship" and the country cannot expect to be
considered as a serious candidate for the EU as long as it continues to
censor the Internet.
On 18 June 2010, as a protest against the decision taken by the Turkish
Government, a group of hackers co-ordinated a DoS attack that
lasted 10 hours against the websites of the Ministry of Transportation,
Information and Communication Technologies Authority and the
Telecommunications Communication Presidency, the authorities that have been
directly involved in the banning.
OSCE media freedom representative asks Turkey to withdraw recent Internet
blocking provisions, calls for urgent reform of law (22.06.2010)
Turkey tightens Internet control in YouTube feud (26.06.2010)
OSCE calls on Turkey to stop blocking YouTube (22.06.2010)
Access Denied to Turkish Censorship Authorities' websites (18.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: Turkey extends the censorship of YouTube (16.06.2010)
7. Iceland - first steps for a new media haven
Iceland's Parliament has recently accepted a proposal by Icelandic Modern
Media Initiative (IMMI) asking the Icelandic Government to find "ways to
strengthen freedoms of expression and information freedom in Iceland, (and
provide) strong protections for sources and whistleblowers."
The proposal from IMMI came after secret dealings by a few banks in Iceland
in 2009 leading to enormous debts and the lack of regulation and control,
almost bankrupted the entire country. The initiative comes also in relation
to website Wikileaks, who made those Icelandese dealings public and which
has a policy to make public secretly-submitted documents and materials.
Its approval by the Parliament may turn Iceland into a haven for media, with
one of the strongest freedom of expression and whistleblowing protection
laws. "We can create a comprehensive policy and legal framework to protect
the free expression needed for investigative journalism and other
politically important publishing," says IMMI.
The IMMI has proposed several legal reforms including the limitation of the
scope of an exception to existing source protection laws, the increase of
protections for whistleblowers employed by the state and the creation of a
law similar to the free speech-protecting anti-SLAPP (Strategic Litigation
against Public Participation) law of California.
The plan intends to take advantage of protections in Iceland for material
published from web servers based there. "Iceland could become an ideal
environment for Internet-based international media and publishers to
register their services, start-ups, data centers and human rights
organizations. It could be a lever for the economy and create new work
employment opportunities," says the initiative.
Speaking at a meeting of the European Parliament on 21 June, MP Birgitta
Jsnsdsttir said the Icelandic initiative "pulls together the best
legislation from around the world to promote transparency" and suggested
that such measures for the protection of sources may also be brought in
Europe. "The right and ability to communicate knowledge is above most other
rights. We must take care when regulating freedom of speech, because that
speech is what all other rights are founded upon," said Jsnsdsttir.
For those who suffer from breaches of confidence, according to Struan
Robertson, a technology lawyer with Pinsent Masons, there will be some
safeguards. "If Iceland is granting immunity to websites that host leaked
documents, and if it's prepared to reject take-down orders from foreign
courts, that gives the overseas content owner a real problem when the threat
of domestic sanctions fails to deter a leak. The proposal does not affect
copyright law, though. So it may be that take-down demands based on
copyright infringement will be more effective than those based on breach of
Icelandic parliament backs 'free speech haven' plan (21.06.2010)
Videos of proposal's vote (only in Icelandic)
Icelandic Modern Media Initiative (IMMI)
A Vision of Iceland as a Haven for Journalists (21.02.2010)
EU 'must act as role model' in promoting free speech (23.06.2010)
8. ENDitorial: Council of Europe draft Recommendation on Profiling
Approximately in parallel to the work of the EU's Article 29 Committee on
cookies, the Council of Europe has been preparing a wider Recommendation on
profiling. The document has been discussed for over a year, with a
consultation on an earlier draft having been organised at the end of 2009.
While obviously responding to the increasing options offered by the digital
environment with regard to public and private sector profiling, the text
attempts to cover the online and offline environments. The document makes
some pertinent statements - in addition to acknowledging the positive
benefits of more targeted services, it points out that "the lack of
transparency or even "invisibility" of profiling and the lack of accuracy
that may derive from the automatic application of pre-established rules of
inference can pose significant risks for the individual's rights and
freedoms," that "violate the principle of non-discrimination" and that
profiling could expose individuals to particularly high risks of
discrimination and attacks on their personal rights and dignity. However, it
then does little to mitigate these risk and, worse still, appears to
increase the chances of such risks being taken with personal data by public
The text copies and pastes definitions from the Convention on Data
Protection which seem rather incongruous in this context in the absence of
more detailed analysis and practical analysis. From the profiling
organisation's perspective, it seems obvious that data should and will be
"adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which
they are collected or for which they will be processed". Generally, however,
a lot of questions are left open, such as what could be understood by
"informed consent", procedures for providing access to and correction of
data which is indirectly personally identifiable.
Overall, the current draft text does little to clarify the core issues of
effective communication to consumers, informed consent, access to and
correction of data and the "right to be forgotten". Earlier drafts of the
proposal were neutral on the use of profiling by states, indicating that the
Recommendation was aimed at the private sector, leaving the choice to
Member States to extend it to the public sector if they so wished. This was
replaced in the most recent version, which seems to assume the use of
profiling by state authorities and implicitly accepts that, when
Member States can both use profiling and avoid implementation of a large
swathe of the Recommendation covering lawfulness, information
and the rights of data subjects. Bearing in mind the dangers to fundamental
rights identified and enumerated in the text and previous positions taken by
the Council of Europe, it appears unlikely that implicit and uncritical
support for profiling is the intention of the Recommendation.
Draft Recommendation on the Protection of Individuals with regard to
automatic processing of personal data in the framework of profiling June
2010 (3.06.2010)
Draft Recommendation on the Protection of Individuals with regard to
automatic processing of personal data in the framework of profiling
EDRi Consultation Response (3.11.2009)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Action
Public consultation on the open internet and net neutrality. DG Information
Society and Media has launched a public consultation on key questions
arising from the issue of net neutrality.
The consultation covers such issues as whether internet providers should be
allowed to adopt certain traffic management practices, prioritising one kind
of internet traffic over another; whether such traffic management practices
may create problems and have unfair effects for users; whether the level of
competition between different internet service providers and the
transparency requirements of the new telecom framework may be sufficient to
avoid potential problems by allowing consumers' choice; and whether the EU
needs to act further to ensure fairness in the internet market, or whether
industry should take the lead.
European Commissions4 public consultation on the future direction of EU
trade policy
Call open until 28 July 2010
10. Recommended Reading
The European Court of Justice defines the scope of the protection of
personal data in the context of access to documents of the Union
institutions. Judgment of the Court of Justice in Case C-28/08: Commission v
Bavarian Lager
OFCOM: No need for net neutrality
11. Agenda
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
25-31 July 2010, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance
29-31 July 2010, Freiburg, Germany
IADIS - International Conference ICT, Society and Human Beings 2010
2-6 August 2010, Helsingborg, Sweden
Privacy and Identity Management for Life (PrimeLife/IFIP Summer School 2010)
31 August - 3 September 2010, Budapest, Hungary
OpenOffice 2010 Conference
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
14-16 September 2010, Vilnius, Lithuania
Internet Governance Forum 2010
8-9 October 2010, Berlin, Germany
The 3rd Free Culture Research Conference
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law. Call for papers deadline: 10 September 2010
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2010-03-10 20:50:54
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.4, 24 February 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.5, 10 March 2010
1. German Federal Constitutional Court rejects data retention law
2. EDRi sends open letter to EU Commissioners to oppose Internet blocking
3. ECJ: The Data Protection Authorities need to be completely independent
4. UK Government to decide on the Internet disconnections and web blocking
5. PNR agreements with US and Australia on the European Parliament's Agenda
6. French Constitutional Court: No to police access to private space CCTV
7. Article 29: Reduce the storing period of Google Street View's images
8. Survey on Chip implants in Germany
9. Declaration on Safer Internet proposed in the Macedonian Parliament
10. ENDitorial: ACTA, the Euro Parliament resolution and political clarity
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. German Federal Constitutional Court rejects data retention law
The German Federal Constitutional Court rejected on 2 March 2010 the
legislation requiring electronic communications traffic data retention for a
period of 6 months.
The legislation on data retention, implementing the similar EU Directive,
was passed by the Bundestag on 9 November 2007 and entered into force on 1
January 2008. On 31 December 2007, a constitutional complaint was brought to
the Federal Constitutional Court by 35 000 citizens (the largest number of
plaintiffs ever involved in a case) at the initiative of the German privacy
group AK Vorrat (Working group on data retention), one the plaintiffs being
the present Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger.
The court judges considered that the data storage was not secure enough,
that it was not clear what it would be used for and that it could "cause a
diffusely threatening feeling of being under observation that can diminish
an unprejudiced perception of one's basic rights in many areas," as stated
the president of the court, Hans-J|rgen Papier. They considered that "such
retention represents an especially grave intrusion" into citizens' privacy.
The court did not annul the legislation entirely but suspended it, asking
for the immediate deletion of the data already collected and for the massive
modification of the law in order to provide stricter conditions for to the
use and storage of the data. According to the decision, the data should be
encoded and there should be "transparent control" of the information usage.
The ruling also stated that the data usage control process should involve
the government's Commissioner for data protection and freedom of information
and that the secret use of data should be possible only in individual cases
and ordered by the court.
Following the court's ruling, the German Working group on Data Retention
made a list of five demands that basically ask from the Federal Government
to cooperate with other states and bodies to repeal the EU data retention
directive, to never re-enact the German data retention law and to refuse
data collection on innocent citizens such as air travellers data.
The group believes that "European citizens should be given the right to file
constitutional complaints directly with the European Court of Justice" and
that all existing "security" measures should be reviewed by an independent
body in order to "systematically examine their compatibility with our
fundamental rights, their effectiveness, their cost, their harmful
side-effects and alternatives."
After Germany's and Romania's unconstitutionality decisions and after other
EU members countries have not succeed in implementing the directive, the
Working Group publicly announced it would continue the efforts to persuade
the EU "to repeal its data retention directive".
Class-action law suit against data retention (5.03.2010)
Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung Press Conference - Constitutional
complaint filed against German Telecomms Data Retention Act (31.12.2007)
German High Court Limits Phone and E-Mail Data Storage (2.03.2010)
German court strikes blow against EU data-retention regime (3.03.2010)
Decision of the Federal Constitutional Court (only in German, 2.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: German Constitutional Court held hearing on data retention
2. EDRi sends open letter to EU Commissioners to oppose Internet blocking
EDRi's letter was sent to Commissioners Cecilia Malmstrvm (Home Affairs),
Viviane Reding (Justice and Fundamental Rights) and Neelie Kroes (Digital
The letter congratulates the Commissioners for their nominations and
approval in their new portfolios. It welcomes the positive statements made
by all three Commissioners on the need to respect fundamental rights and to
insist that legislation is "evidence based". EDRi warns in the letter that
the nature of the arguments surrounding Internet blocking is such that this
positive approach will be under pressure right from the start, due to the
pending re-launch of the "Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on
combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child
pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA". That proposal, when
originally launched in 2009, contained the populist, but profoundly flawed
suggestion that Internet access providers be required to "block" access to
illegal websites.
The issue at stake - child exploitation and child abuse images published
online - is too serious to have policy based on headlines rather than
effectiveness. As a result, EDRi's letter stated that, in order to develop
an effective strategy, a thorough and diligent analysis needs to be done.
Such an analysis would consider:
-         The nature of the problem being tackled;
The proposal seeks to address illegal websites. These sites are almost all
based in the territories of the EU's major trading partners. As a result, it
is clearly inappropriate to adopt a strategy of blocking, which leaves the
material online, criminals uninvestigated and victims unidentified.
-         The legality of the measure being proposed;
Research undertaken by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in
Europe (OSCE) and a team of experts funded by the Open Society Institute in
the last twelve months have highlighted major legal questions about the
legality of imposing blocking obligations on Internet access providers or
coercing them into this activity.
-         The scope, scale and nature of possible unintended consequences;
Internet blocking creates several dangers simultaneously. On the one hand,
by creating the illusion of activity in the area of online child abuse
websites, political pressure will be reduced and real international action
to deal with the problem properly will become even less likely than it
currently is. Secondly, as is obvious from the recent plague of orders in
the EU to block (sometimes perfectly legal) gambling websites, once blocking
is introduced, it will be used for more and more purposes. Thirdly, as
current blocking technologies work very badly, there will be more and more
calls for increasingly intrusive technologies to be employed to provide more
effective blocking. Finally, more efficient blocking technologies will also
be more effective at permitting Internet access providers to discriminate
between the amount of access offered to different online resources, creating
a non-neutral Internet, to the detriment of European consumers and to
European innovation.
-         The availability of less intrusive measures.
The EU's strategy of hotlines and "notice and takedown" needs to be rolled
out internationally. This approach has been proven to work for the type of
material being addressed in this context. Furthermore, it is time, at last,
to fully respect the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, particularly
with regard to the obligation on states party to take "all appropriate
national, bilateral and multilateral measures to prevent the exploitative
use of children in pornographic performances and materials." Finally, the
European Financial Coalition on Child Pornography must be rescued from its
inertia and paralysis, restrict itself to undertaking the same activities as
its US counterparts (and not, for example "developing a framework to
circumvent data protection regulations, bank secrecy codes, criminal
legislation and contract law across the EU" as reported in one newspaper).
EDRi stressed, however, that
"industry "self-regulation" should never be used in a way which circumvents
legal protections, democratic decision-making or places private business
priorities ahead of those established by democratically-elected
The European Commission plans to re-launch the legislative proposal at the
end of March.
Banks urged to expose child porn money trails (9.11.2008)
EDRi's letter to the European Commission:
Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on combating the sexual abuse,
sexual exploitation of children and child pornography, repealing Framework
Decision 2004/68/JHA
Impact assessment to a Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on
combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child
pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA (25.03.2009)
Report of the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media on Turkey and
Internet Censorship
OSI-funded research: Internet blocking balancing cybercrime responses in
democratic societies - Executive summary (10.2009)
OSI-funded research: Internet blocking balancing cybercrime responses in
democratic societies - Full report (10.2009)
3. ECJ: The Data Protection Authorities need to be completely independent
A European Court of Justice (ECJ) decision made public on 9 March 2010 in
the case of the European Commission vs. Germany rules that the Data
Protection Authorities (DPAs) established in accordance with the Data
Protection Directive 95/46 needs to be completely independent.
In this case the German regional DPAs were considered as not independent,
since they are part of the regional administration and subject to State
The ECJ decision explained that "the supervisory authorities provided for in
Article 28 of Directive 95/46 are therefore the guardians of those
fundamental rights and freedoms, and their existence in the Member States is
considered, as is stated in the 62nd recital in the preamble to Directive
95/46, as an essential component of the protection of individuals with
regard to the processing of personal data."
On the scope of the requirements of independence of the supervisory
authorities the court concluded that these authorities "must enjoy an
independence allowing them to perform their duties free from external
influence. That independence precludes not only any influence exercised by
the supervised bodies, but also any directions or any other external
influence, whether direct or indirect, which could call into question the
performance by those authorities of their task consisting of establishing a
fair balance between the protection of the right to private life and the
free movement of personal data."
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) who supported the
European Commission's case in front of the ECJ was pleased with the
"The judgement of the Court is of great importance. It strengthens and
clarifies the position of data protection authorities as part of the
fundamental right to data protection. This judgement is relevant for all
supervisory authorities in all EU Member States" said the EDPS.
The European Commission started in 2005 an infringement procedure against
Germany and Austria for not having created an adequate independence of the
Data Protection Authorities.
ECJ Decision in Case 518/07 - European Commission vs. Germany (9.03.2010)
EDPS welcomes Court of Justice's ruling strengthening independent position
of data protection authorities (9.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: EC: data protection inadequate in Austria and Germany
4. UK Government to decide on the Internet disconnections and web blocking
Discussions continue in the House of Lords over the controversial Digital
Economy Bill especially over Internet disconnections (or account suspension,
as the UK Government is calling it now) and web blocking.
The draft law would give the power to the secretary of state at the
Government Department of Business, Innovation and Skills (DBIS) and not to
the Parliament to decide upon the maximum period of account suspension
for people found guilty of illegal file sharing.
Following the strong opposition against the disconnection of alleged illegal
file sharers, the Government stated that it would apply only a "temporary
suspension" of the Internet accounts. "We will not terminate the accounts of
infringers ... (but) ... We added account suspension to the list of possible
technical measures which might be considered." DBIS argues that "temporary
suspension can't effectively mean termination of an internet connection".
However, there is no clear definition in the bill to what "temporary" means.
As a response to an e-petition posted on Number 10 website and closed on 23
February 2010 asking for the abandonment of the plans to " ban individuals
from the internet based on their use of peer to peer file sharing", the
government says: "We will not terminate the accounts of infringers - it is
very hard to see how this could be deemed proportionate except in the most
extreme - and therefore probably criminal - cases."
"It is still the case that on the say-so of record labels and film studios
people will have their internet connections suspended (i.e. disconnected).
All that the Government seems to be saying is that permanent disconnection
will be reserved for the very worst offenders. But they have been saying
that since day one. There is no change," commented ISP TalkTalk.
A worrying situation occurred following the submission by the Liberal
Democrats and Tories of an amendment against Clause 17 pushed by the
Labourists as a means to "future proof" copyright against infringement. In
spite of the warnings of the EDRi-member Open Rights Group, Consumer Focus
and others, the amendment introduced by Liberal Democrats and Tories, which
is even worse and more threatening, was passed by the House of Lords on 4
March on second reading.
Answering to the appeal made by the Open Rights Group, Lord Tim
Clement-Jones, one of the peers having introduced the amendment, argued that
the amendment (called amendment 120A) would enable the High Court to grant
an injunction requiring ISPs to block access to websites accused of hosting
a "substantial" amount of copyright infringing material. He stated that the
intention was to apply the injunction only to sites "where there is a
substantial proportion of infringing material that is either hosted by that
particular site or is accessed through the particular site in question."
The amendment faced opposition even from within the Liberal Democrat Party.
ISPA, the association of UK ISPs, considers the amendment "misjudged and
disproportionate" and Jim Killock, executive director of the Open Rights
Group believes that "this would open the door to a massive imbalance of
power in favour of large copyright holding companies. (...) Individuals and
small businesses would be open to massive 'copyright attacks' that could
shut them down, just by the threat of action."
The Bill is still to go through a third reading in the House of Lords and
then two readings, a committee stage, a report stage and a final reading in
the House of Commons.
Mandelson could decide length of internet suspensions for filesharers
Plans to cut off internet connections of illegal filesharers dumped
Confirmed: Lib Dems and Conservatives force web blocking into the Digital
Economy Bill (3.03.2010)
Lord Clement-Jones on the Digital Economy Bill: web blocking amendment
New amendment gives copyright owners a blank cheque for web censorship
ISPA Outraged by Amendment on Network Level Blocking to Digital Economy Bill
Lords copyright change 'could block YouTube' (4.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: Three strikes plans in UK (4.11.2009)
5. PNR agreements with US and Australia on the European Parliament's Agenda
The European Parliament (EP) has discussed last week the PNR (Passenger Name
Records) agreements with the US and Australia.
MEP Sophie In't Veld (ALDE, Netherlands) explained that the Parliament
has traditionally been more opposed to PNR agreements than to SWIFT. She
said that it would be inappropriate to give the Parliament an
option only to say "yes" or "no" to the proposal. As the EP previously took
the identical EU-US PNR agreement to the European Court of Justice, it would
be illogical to say "yes" while saying "no" would cause problems for air
carriers and would negate whatever purposes the system might be used
"The PNR case is more complicated", she said, since "the consequences will
be much more serious": the flow of data will have to stop if there is a no
vote. In addition, "the provision of PNR data is part of the conditions the
United States have imposed in exchange for a derogation from the visa
The Civil Liberties Committee has suggested postponing their vote on the
matter so that a board PNR agreement may be constructed that should meet the
Parliament's demands regarding data protection.
The Commission could develop a new mandate and, possibly in April this
year, the Parliament could establish its minimum requirements for such an
agreement. This approach could cover deals with the US, Australia and other
third countries and establish the basis for an internal EU PNR. Minimum
requirements which the Parliament should consider include purpose
limitation, legal status of agreements, adequate data protection and storage
The Council representative said it was up to the Commission to draft a
proposal. The Commission doubted the time frame suggested by In't Veld,
saying that it could take until Autumn for such a draft to be ready and
approved by the European Parliament.
The US is very unhappy with the proposal of the LIBE committee and sent Mary
Ellen Callahan, Chief Privacy Officer at the US Homeland Security Department
to have discussions in the European Parliament. She pointed out that the PNR
was very effective in fighting terror, making reference to a report from
February 2010 claiming that the US Customs and Border Protection Department
complied with the US-EU Data Sharing Deal.
She also added that the "PNR was useful in detecting one third of the
potential terrorists the US identified last year."
The European Parliament has the possibility to reject the PNR agreement,
as it happened in the SWIFT case. In fact some MEPs also warned the EU
Council: "If you act as if there had been no SWIFT, this would not be proper
cooperation. But I am glad to see the Commission is negotiating a shift of
position and I hope the Council will move in the same direction", said
Jan-Philipp Albrecht (Greens-EFA, Germany).
MEPs want rules on PNR data transfers to non-EU states (5.03.2010)
Meeting Agenda - LIBE Committee
US seeks to persuade EU deputies to back terror data deal (8.03.2010)
Counter-terrorism agreements: MEPs up pressure on passenger data (5.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: DHS Report shows lack of compliance with the EU-US PNR agreement
6. French Constitutional Court: No to police access to private space CCTV
On 25 February 2010, the French Constitutional Council gave its decision on
the appeal made by a group of more than 60 senators and 60 deputies against
the law reinforcing the fight against gang violence and the protection of
people under public service missions.
The appeal was referring to three articles of the law. The council decided
that two of the articles under question, art 1 and art.13 respectively, were
constitutional and therefore ruled against the appeal in their case.
Article 1 introduces in the French Penal Code a new crime which is the
participation in a gang with the intention to commit violent acts.
Article 13 introduces in the Penal Code provisions related to repressing the
intrusion of non-authorised people and the introduction of weapons into an
educational establishment.
The Council decided that article 5 which was allowing the transmission to
the police of images obtained by video-surveillance systems in non-public
spaces of a building in case of "events and situations susceptible of
needing police intervention" was not constitutional and therefore ruled
against it.
The Council considered that the text did not provide for an appropriate
protection of residents' privacy and that the legislator did not succeed in
creating a proper balance between the respect of private life and other
constitutional requirements such as the search of criminals and the
prevention of attacks to public order.
Also, the Constitutional Council pointed out that it falls upon the
legislator to decide on the conciliation between constitutional demands
related to the respect to privacy and demands related to the prevention of
attacks to public order.
This decision is in agreement with CNIL's position which reminds that the
installation of video-surveillance devices in private places contravenes
with the freedom of information legislation of 1978, as a person's image is
considered personal data and the transmission by video-camera of this image
is considered as automatic data processing. The commission believes the
legal status of video-surveillance should be revised and harmonised so that
there is a proper independent control of the systems, under its monitoring.
The French Government stated it took note of the Council's opinion and that
article 5 would "make the object of re-writing allowing it to take into
consideration the Constitutional Council's observations and to be
re-discussed by the Parliament during the examination in the Senate of the
draft law on orientation and programming of the performance of internal
security (LOPPSI)".
Constitutional Council Press Release 2010-604 DC (25.02.2010)
Constitutional Council Decision no. 2010-604 DC (only in French, 25.02.2010)
Video-surveillance : insufficient private life protection guaranties made
the Constitutional Council censor the transmission of residence images (only
in French, 25.02.2010)
The Constitutional Council validates the law on gang violence, except for an
article on video-surveillance (only in French, 25.02.2010)
Validation by the Constitutional Council of the 14 articles of the law
reinforcing the fight against gang violence and the protection of persons
under public service missions (only in French, 26.02.2010)
7. Article 29: Reduce the storing period of Google Street View's images
Alex Turk, the head of EU Article 29 Working Party (WP) sent a letter on 11
February 2010 asking Google company to warn people about the arrival of its
Street View vehicles and to reduce the retention period of unblurred
material from one year to six months.
Google has met a series of problems during the last period with its Street
View system in Europe being under fire from several EU member states such as
Germany, Finland, France as well as non-member states such as Switzerland.
According to a Dow Jones report, the letter sent by WP Article 29 asked
Google to notify cities and towns about the arrival of its Street View cars
and tricycles by "appropriate announcements in the national, regional and or
local press," while Google said it already does this by posting the details
on its web site.
Regarding the data storage period, Michael Jones, Google's chief technology
advocate and founder of Google Earth, stated the company had negotiated with
EU authorities and agreed to one year storage of images from the day they
were published on Street View. Therefore, the company believed "the
retention of the unblurred images is legitimate and justified".
The company tried to explain why it needed to keep unblurred images
(including elements such as faces, licence plates etc.) for a year. "The
need to retain the unblurred images is legitimate and justified - to ensure
the quality and accuracy of our maps, to improve our ability to rectify
mistakes in blurring, as well as to use the data we have collected to build
better maps products for our users," said Peter Fleischer, the Google lawyer
in charge of privacy issues.
In the meantime, in Germany, Consumer Affairs Minister Ilse Aigner had
threatened to take legal action in order to prevent Google Street View from
offering photos on German cities and streets. But Chancellor Angela Merkel
announced that Street View application would not be hampered despite the
privacy concerns raised by the consumer affairs minister. "Those that
consider (Street View) to be an invasion of their private sphere can make
use of the right to object," she said in her weekly podcast on 27 February.
In order to address privacy concerns, the German version of Street View will
offer residents the possibility to remove pictures before they are published
and it will include a tool allowing the quick removal once the images are
published. Lena Wagner, a Google Deutschland spokeswoman also stated that
the company would announce when its cars would be driving by to take
Yet, although in February the company stated it would not drop Street View
in Europe, in an interview at CeBIT Technology Fair in Hanover that took
place between 2-6 March 2010, Jones stated: "I think we would consider
whether we want to drive through Europe again, because it would make the
expense so draining", which sounded rather like a threat.
EU rattles sabre at Street View - Warn people you're coming, Google told
Google May Review EU Drives, Won't Drop Street View (Update1) (3.03.2010)
Germany's Merkel gives blessing to Google Street View (28.02.2010)
EU Wants Google Street View Curbed (26.02.2010)
Google warned by EU over Street View map photos (26.02.2010)
Google Street View May Breach EU Law, Officials Say (Update1) (26.02.2010)
EDRi-gram: Google's Street View faces trial in Switzerland (18.11.2010)
8. Survey on Chip implants in Germany
According to a survey carried out by German IT industry lobby group BITKOM,
23% out of 1000 German respondents would accept to have a microchip
implanted in their body if that would bring concrete benefits from it.
The survey was meant to show the increase of the division between real life
and the virtual world, as one of the themes of the CeBIT technology fair
having taken place in Hanover between 2 and 6 March 2010.
However, the study findings are debatable as the respondent sample was not
only small but also taken from a special pool (CeBIT visitors who are
probably IT inclined anyway). And one must not overlook the fact that 77% of
the study respondents were, in fact, against the respective technology. In
fact 72% stated they wouldn't "under any circumstances" allow electronics in
their body.
About 16% of the respondents said they would wear an implanted chip in order
to be saved faster by emergency services in case of a fire or accident and
5% would be willing to have an implant to make their shopping easier.
"This is of course an extreme example of how far people can imagine networks
going," said BITKOM chief Professor August-Wilhelm Scheer during CeBIT who
added that implanting chips into humans was going to become commonplace.
"Some developments can already be seen. CDs and DVDs are going to disappear
as material sources of information. Wallpaper will be replaced by flat
screens and many of us will have chips implanted beneath our skin by the end
of next decade."
The professor did not say anything about the privacy and security concerns
related to the issue. Almost all implantable microchips already in use (as
those for medical purposes) are not encrypted and therefore vulnerable to
third-party scanning. Implanted microchips would be in the same situation as
the microchip passports which have been proven unreliable and easily
scanable by a possible hacker.
One quarter of Germans fine with microchip skin implant (1.03.2010)
CeBIT: Quarter Of Germans Happy To Have Chip Implants (2.03.2010)
9. Declaration on Safer Internet proposed in the Macedonian Parliament
On 24 February 2010, a group of MPs submitted a Draft-Declaration on Safer
Internet during the 39th session of the Commission for Transport,
Communications and Environment of the Macedonian Parliament.
MP Aleksandar Spasenovski is the initiator of the Declaration and the
proposal was submitted by both members of the government and the opposition:
Jani Makraduli, Silvana Boneva, Tahir Hani, Flora Kadriu, Andrej Zhernovski
and Slavica Grkovska-Loshkova. The draft declaration is a follow up of the
celebration of the European Safer Internet Day and consultations with the
NGO sector, primarily with the Metamorphosis Foundation.
According to the proposer, "the Declaration on Safer Internet is a step that
Macedonia takes in the process of approximation to the standards and
policies of the European Union, and for raising the safety standard and
quality of life of its citizens."
The declaration indicates the necessity for a further improvement of the
constitutional principles of freedom of speech and creativity, while noting
the positive impact of information technology and the Internet on the
development of a knowledge-based society to incite various social factors in
their areas "in accordance with the standards and practices of the EU Member
States and the EU itself, to pay more attention to the establishing of a
safer online environment for children, inter alia by establishing
appropriate institutions in this field, such as the Center for Safer
In addition, the draft declaration also stipulates:
"Having in mind the fact that knowledge and education are the most effective
means to protect children from risks on the internet, we urge the Ministry
of Education and Science to introduce contents in the curriculums for the
primary and secondary education that would enable children to learn how to
behave online and how to protect themselves from the security threats
present on the internet."
The document also urges the Directorate for Personal Data Protection to
continue and improve its work related to personal data protection.
The draft declaration recommends that during the setup of public wireless
hotspots "assumptions should be made, that will allow children to be
protected from access to online content harmful to their moral and health."
It also recommends that the appropriate institutions should implement or
adopt "some of the European rating systems for multimedia content according
to the age for which they are intended."
Draft-Declaration on Safer Internet (only in Macedonian, 25.02.2010)
Position of the Metamorphosis Foundation regarding the limitation of access
to digital content for protecting children (5.02.2010)
(Contribution by EDRi-member Metamorphosis Foundation - Macedonia)
10. ENDitorial: ACTA, the Euro Parliament resolution and political clarity
The European Parliament adopted a widely-reported Resolution on ACTA on 10
March. It contained several positive elements. For example, it insists that
the Agreement not go beyond the requirements of existing EU law and demands
an impact assessment of ACTA's implementation on fundamental rights and data
protection. This latter provision is particularly important with regard to
countries outside the EU, which do not always have legal protections for
fundamental rights.
In addition, however, and widely unnoticed, a last-minute oral amendment
from the conservative EPP group was also adopted. This amendment calls for
"the Commission to continue the negotiations on ACTA and limit them to the
existing European IPR enforcement system against counterfeiting". That text
was adopted by a huge majority. So, if the European Commission persists in
pushing non-counterfeiting issues such as ISP liability in ACTA, it will
only have itself to blame if and when the Parliament is pushed into
rejecting the agreement by the Commission's actions.
This clarity from the Parliament is a remarkable contribution to clarity and
openness in this dossier, following weeks and months of half-truths and
misleading statements, particularly with regard to "three-strikes" measures.
We have recently heard several positive statements from politicians about
"three strikes" and ACTA. The assistant US Trade Representative Stanford
McCoy said "the U.S. Government is not seeking these or any other
obligations that would go beyond U.S. law in the ACTA", the European
Commissioner Karel de Gucht's spokesman said the EU is "not supporting and
will not accept that an eventual ACTA agreement creates an obligation to
disconnect people" and the German minister said "the Federal Government will
accept no agreement that contains blocking of Internet access".
The only problem is that it was never anybody's intention to place an
obligation on ISPs via ACTA to introduce a "three-strikes" rule or similar.
As the recent leak of the draft digital chapter clearly and definitively
proved, the plan was to remove ISPs' limitations of liability for IPR
infringements unless they chose to implement "measures" to prevent these
infringements from happening. The intention was, therefore, to coerce ISPs
into far-reaching policing activities in order to give themselves adequate
legal certainty. The point is therefore not to use ACTA to mandate the
precise nature of these activities - so the assurances on this point were
devoid of all real meaning.
It is interesting to note that, despite the German Minister's and European
Commission's protestations that they would not accept the cutting of
Internet access being in ACTA, the leak indicating the different negotiating
partners' positions shows no hint of any EU opposition to the measures
explicitly aimed at coercing ISPs into cutting subscribers' connections.
Now there is no room for doubt. The European Parliament has said that "the
proposed agreement should not make it possible for any so-called
'three-strikes' procedures to be imposed" and, in any event "any agreement
must include the stipulation that the closing-off of an individual's
Internet access shall be subject to prior examination by a court.
While the Parliament's resolution is not legally binding, it would be
foolhardy for the Commission to believe that a majority of 633 to 13 (with
16 abstentions) from the only directly elected EU institution can be safely
Leaked digital chapter (17.02.2010)
Negotiating positions (12.02.2010)
USTR: No mandatory 'three strikes' or filtering in ACTA (10.02.2010)
German minister's position (only in German, 3.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: Leaked ACTA text confirms suspicions (24.02.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
11. Recommended Action
Document Freedom Day 2010 - 31.03.2010
Free your documents, save your information!
Reporters Without Borders will celebrate World Day Against Cyber Censorship
on 12 March 2010
12. Recommended Reading
The safe use of new technologies
Pupils in schools that use 'managed' online systems have a better knowledge
and understanding of how to stay safe when using new technologies, according
to a report published by Ofsted, the Office for Standards in Education,
Children's Services and Skills.
'Managed' systems are systems that have fewer inaccessible sites than
'locked' systems and so require pupils to take more responsibility for their
own safety. 'Locked' systems make many websites inaccessible and although
this ensures pupils' safety in school it does not encourage the pupils to
take responsibility for their actions or prepare them for dealing with
systems that are not locked.
Full report (02.2010)
M at rsouin, CREM et Universiti de Rennes 1:A first evaluation of the HADOPI
law effects on the practicies on the French Internet Users (09.03.2010)
13. Agenda
29-31 March 2010, Barcelona, Spain
(D') Evolution Summit, the benefit of Culture
Citizen's Summit in response to the "Economy of the Culture" Congress of the
Ministers of Culture meeting of the EU during the Spanish Presidency
12-13 April 2010, Oxford, UK
4th PrivacyOS Conference
14-16 April 2010, Berlin, Germany
re:publica'10 - Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
14-18 April 2010, Madrid, Spain
Campus Party Europe - Technology, creativity and digital culture online
19-20 April 2010, Istanbul, Turkey
8th Communia Workshop - Education and the Public Domain: The Emergence of a
Shared Educational Commons
24 April 2010, London, United Kingdom
Open Knowledge Conference (OKCon) 2010
29-30 April 2010, Madrid, Spain
EuroDIG 2010
6-7 May 2010, Krems, Austria
4th International Conference on eDemocracy 2010
26-28 May 2010, Amsterdam, Netherlands
World Congress on Information Technology
30-31 May 2010, Montreal, Canada
Third International Workshop on Global Internet Governance: An
Interdisciplinary Research Field in Construction
Submissions for thematic presentations: 20 March 2010
8-9 June 2010 - Funchal, Portugal
4th International Workshop on RFID Technology - Concepts, Applications,
Challenges - IWRT 2010
25-27 June 2010, Cluj, Romania
Networking Democracy?
New Media Innovations in Participatory Politics
9-11 July 2010, Gdansk, Poland
Wikimedia 2010 - the 6th annual Wikimedia Conference
25-31 July 2010, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance
Call open until 15 May 2010.
29-31 July 2010, Freiburg, Germany
IADIS - International Conference ICT, Society and Human Beings 2010
Paper submissions: 15 March 2010
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-11-03 20:42:28
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.21, 3 November 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.21, 3 November 2010
New EDRi members
1. Google admits it was gathering passwords and emails via StreetView
2. ECJ decides private copying levies are not allowed for business use
3. EC refers Austria to ECJ for lack of independence of DPA
4. Is YouTube back online in Turkey?
5. Free Culture 2010 in Barcelona
6. Continuing the battle against data retention
7. Belgian court upholds Creative Commons licence
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
New EDRi members
At the EDRi General Assembly of 30 October 2010 in Barcelona, Spain, EDRi
welcomed two new members.
The Panoptykon Foundation is a Polish organisation focusing on human rights,
in particular the right to privacy, in the clash with modern technology used
for surveillance purposes. The NGO wants to analyse the risks associated
with the operation of modern surveillance systems, monitor the actions of
both public and private entities and intervene when human rights or
democratic values are threatened.
The Liga voor Mensenrechten (Human Rights League) has a focus on human
rights in Belgium and a campaigner of privacy, including the organisation of
the Big Brother Awards.
EDRi now has 29 members that are based or have offices in 18 different
European countries, all within the territory of the Council of Europe.
Panoptykon Foundation
Liga voor Mensenrechten
EDRI members and observers
1. Google admits it was gathering passwords and emails via StreetView
Google faces further investigation in the UK and Italy, after it has
publicly admitted in a blog post on 22 October 2010 that its StreetView
service has gathered more data than intended, "in some instances entire
emails and URLs were captured, as well as passwords."
The UK Data Protection Authority - Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
has decided to reopen its investigation on Google over the personal data
gathering by its StreetView system. Initially, in July 2010, ICO declared it
would not take measures against Google, considering that the company could
not have gathered much personal data with its StreetView vehicles while
mapping Wi-Fi networks in the areas they covered.
However, according to an investigation carried out by Canada's Privacy
Commissioner Jennifer Stoddart, it appears that Google has gathered, in this
way, entire emails, highly sensitive personal information and even
passwords. As Google admitted Stoddard's allegations, ICO is now
reconsidering its position.
"Now that these findings are starting to emerge, we understand that Google
has accepted that in some instances entire URLs and emails have been
captured. We will be making enquires to see whether this information relates
to the data inadvertently captured in the UK, before deciding on the
necessary course of action, including a consideration of the need to use our
enforcement powers," was ICO's statement.
While Google stated that the data was collected by error because of a code
being included in the Street View software by mistake, during a two-hour UK
parliamentary debate on privacy on 28 October 2010, MPs discussed the issue
and accused of Google of having deliberately collected WiFi data for
commercial gain.
Ed Vaizey, the UK communications minister said that although Google could
still be fined for collecting the WiFi data without people's knowledge, as
the offence had occurred before the entering into force of the legislation
giving ICO the power to levy punishments of up to 575 000 euro, the fine
would probably be much lower. He also added that for any future services
such as StreetView, Internet companies would be asked to establish "ground
rules" together with the ICO, before starting projects that might endanger
Italy also started an investigation against Google for potential invasions
of privacy in its Street View online mapping service. "Italian citizens will
be informed of the presence of Google cars taking pictures of places and
individuals to be posted online via the StreetView service," stated the
Italian Data protection authority on 25 October 2010, adding that Google
StreetView vehicles would have to be "clearly marked by means of visible
stickers or signs to unambiguously signify that pictures are being taken for
the purposes of StreetView."
The Italian privacy authority also imposed Google to previously list, to the
public media, the neighbourhoods its cars would photograph. The
non-compliance would bring the company a fine of up to 1 800 euro.
In the meantime, in Germany, over 244 000 residents have specifically
requested that the images of their households be removed from
StreetView. While Google seemed to be happy that just 3% of the population
used the opt-out system, the number shows the huge interest in privacy of
German citizens.
"Going to a website, and entering all this information it takes a hell of a
lot of time and effort, and I am just staggered by this 200 000 plus
(number)," explained Viktor Mayer-Schoenberger, a professor of Internet
Governance and Regulation at Oxford University, to Deustche Welle.
ICO considers action amidst further Street View data collection revelations
UK MPs question Google over Street View data breaches (29.10.2010)
More than 244 000 opt out of Google Street View in Germany (21.10.2010)
Google escapes prosecution over Streetview data (29.10.2010)
The Internet and Privacy - UK Parliament debate (28.10.2010)
EDRi-gram: Google's Street View will not resume its activities in the Czech
Republic (22.09.2010)
2. ECJ decides private copying levies are not allowed for business use
On 21 October 2010, the European Court of Justice (ECJ) decided that private
copying levies on blank CDs, MP3 players and other digital media are allowed
under EU copyright law only when charged on goods sold to individuals but
not to companies.
ECJ ruled that "the application of the 'private copying levy' to
reproduction media acquired by undertakings and professionals for purposes
other than private copying is not compatible with European Union law. Such a
levy may be applied to such media when they are liable to be used by natural
persons for their private use".
In some European countries the unauthorised copying of works that a person
legitimately owns is allowed, on the condition that it is for private use.
The European Copyright Directive permits this, provided there is fair
compensation to the copyright holders. The compensation can be ensured by
charging a levy on the media (such as discs or media players used for
copying material) which is then distributed to rights holders through
collection societies.
ECJ thus ruled against the Spanish collective rights management agency SGAE
(Sociedad General de Autores y Editores) which had won a case filed against
Padawan, a store distributing discs and other devices, for unpaid copyright
levies. Padawan had claimed that the indiscriminate application of the levy
was not compatible with EU law and appealed the decision. The appeals court
asked the ECJ to rule on this case in relation to European law.
"The purpose of fair compensation is to compensate authors adequately for
the use made of their protected works without their authorisation. In order
to determine the level of that compensation, account must be taken as a
'valuable criterion' - of the 'possible harm' suffered by the author as a
result of the act of reproduction concerned, although prejudice which is
'minimal' does not give rise to a payment obligation. The private copying
exception must therefore include a system 'to compensate for the prejudice
to rightholders'," said the ruling.
ECJ considered the level of fair compensation was linked to "the harm
resulting for the author from the reproduction for private use of his
protected work without his authorisation." And therefore "fair compensation
must be regarded as recompense for the harm suffered by the author."
A levy was a reasonable mechanism for private individuals who were likely to
use material to copy and who should pay for the harm caused to authors, but
this should not be applied to other sales because the levy could not be
applied indiscriminately.
"The indiscriminate application of the private copying levy to all types of
digital reproduction equipment, devices and media, including cases in which
such equipment is acquired by persons other than natural persons for
purposes clearly unrelated to private copying, is incompatible with the
Press Release no.106/10 of the EU Court of Justice (21.10.2010)
Judgment of the Court - case 467/08 Padawan SL vs SGAE (Third Chamber)
ECJ outlaws private copying levy on sales to businesses (21.10.2010)
Brussels smackdown for Spanish media'n'kit copy levy (22.10.2010)
3. EC refers Austria to ECJ for lack of independence of DPA
Since a complaint was filed by the data protection association Arge Daten
back in October 2003, the lack of adequate independence of the Austrian Data
Protection Authority (DSK - Datenschutzkommission) has been on the European
Commission's (EC) agenda.
Years later, in 2009, the Commission asked Austria, in a reasoned opinion
under EU infringement procedures, to revise the way the authority is
organised. However, as the Austrian authorities failed to comply with the
reasoned opinion and the Commission has decided to refer Austria to the
European Court of Justice (ECJ). This decision was officially published on
28 October 2010.
The Commission considers that provisions setting up the Austrian data
protection authority do not conform to EU rules, which require Member States
to establish a completely independent supervisory body to monitor the
application of the 1995 Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC).
Although the Austrian data protection legislation (Datenschutzgesetz 2000)
spells out that the authority exercises its functions independently and
takes no instruction in its performance, the Commission considers that
"complete independence," as required under EU data protection rules, is not
guaranteed because:
- the authority remains under the supervision of the Federal Chancellery
as integrated into the Chancellery in terms of organisation and
staff: it controls neither its own staffing nor its equipment and it does
not have its own budget;
- since its creation in 1980, the authority has been run by a senior
official of the Chancellery as executive member ("geschdftsf|hrendes
Mitglied"), subject to the supervision of the Chancellery;
- the right of the Chancellor to be informed at all times by the chair
and the executive member on all subjects concerning the daily management of
the authority potentially hinders the members of the supervisory authority
in the independent performance of their tasks.
The Commission's approach to the independence of data protection authorities
reflects the case law of the European Court of Justice. In its ruling of 3
March 2010 (C-518/07), in which Germany was declared in breach of EU rules
on the independence of the data protection supervisory authority, the Court
confirmed that authorities responsible for the supervision of the processing
of personal data must remain free from any external influence, including
the direct or indirect influence of the state. According to the Court, the
mere risk of political influence through state scrutiny is sufficient to
hinder the independent performance of the supervisory authority's tasks.
Earlier this year, the European Fundamental Rights Agency (FRA) has
also seriously criticised the status of Austria's data protection authority.
The FRA study 'Data Protection in the European Union: the role
of National Data Protection Authorities', published in May 2010, casted a
damning light on the Austrian DSK. The study detected both a lack of
independence from the government and a lack of financial resources and staff
of the DSK. The Austrian DSK is not equipped with full powers of
investigation and intervention. As a consequence, the supervisory body
"cannot enforce its decisions in warning the data processor/controller as to
its unlawful conduct" - a serious deficit which occurs only in three of the
27 EU Member States, i.e. Poland, Hungary and Austria.
No official statement has been published by the Austrian government since
the EC announced it would refer Austria to the Court of Justice in this
matter. It remains to be seen whether the Austrian government will stick
to its former plans to close down the DSK. According to a draft law promoted
in 2007 and reconditioned in 2010, which is aiming at changing various
regulations of the Austrian Constitution, the government intends to assign
some of the duties of the DSK to nine administrative courts of the "Ldnder"
instead. By which organisation(s) the remaining duties of the DSK should be
fulfilled, remains unclear till today. In its recently published bi-annual
report of the years 2007-2009, the DSK criticised these plans and argued
that only 10 % of its tasks were suitable to be carried out by
administrative courts.
In light of its ruling of 3 March 2010, in which Germany was declared in
breach of EU rules on the independence of the data protection supervisory
authority, it is more than likely that the ECJ will come to a similar
conclusion in the Austrian case. It's also more than likely that neither the
EC nor the European Court of Justice will appreciate the further demolition
of the Austrian data protection authority by closing down the existing
insufficient body and scattering its competencies to regional
Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24
October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing
of personal data and on the free movement of such data
Data Protection: Commission to refer Austria to Court for lack of
independence of data protection authority:  (28.10.2010)
Publications Office Judgment of the Court (Grand Chamber) of 9 March 2010 -
European Commission v Federal Republic of Germany (1.5.2010)
Data Protection in the European Union: the role of National Data Protection
Authorities (Strengthening the fundamental rights architecture in the EU
II) (Fundamental Rights Agency, 7.5.2010)
EDRi-gram 5.19 - The days of the Austrian DPA are numbered (10.8.2007)
EDRi-gram 3.17 - EC: data protection inadequate in Austria and Germany
Austrian Data Protection Act 2000 (only in German)
Datenschutzbericht 2009 - 1. Juli 2007 - 31. Dezember 2009, Vsterreichische
Datenschutzkommission (only in German)
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch, EDRi-member VIBE!AT, Austria)
4. Is YouTube back online in Turkey?
After almost three years of blocking, Turkey has finally lifted its ban on
YouTube. Google's site was blocked in 2007 for videos considered insulting
to Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the country's founder.
In 2007, Turkey's parliament adopted a law allowing a court to block any
website in case there was "sufficient suspicion" that a crime had occurred.
The Appeal Court of Ankara has recently decided to lift the ban on Google's
site but the decision is not considered entirely a victory as it came along
with the removal of the videos in question.
Transport Minister Binali Yildirim said there was no longer any reason to
ban the website because the offending videos had been removed. "I hope that
they have also learned from this experience and the same thing will not
happen again. YouTube will hopefully carry out its operations in Turkey
within the limits of law in the future," he added thus implying that the
site could always be in danger of suspension in the future in case similar
content is posted on it.
YouTube wanted to emphasize the fact that the videos had been removed by a
third party: "We want to be clear that a third party, not YouTube, have
apparently removed some of the videos that have caused the blocking of
YouTube in Turkey using our automated copyright complaint process. We are
investigating whether this action is valid in accordance with our copyright
But the victory may be short-lived, as the Dr. Yaman Akdeniz has pointed out
that the videos are back online:
"Despite the earlier news that Turkey has lifted its ban on YouTube after
almost 2.5 years, YouTube reinstated the four videos that were removed by a
licensing agency in Germany. YouTube, in a statement circulated in Turkish
late Monday night stated that the four videos did not violate its copyright
violation policy and therefore they were put back into the system (...)
It remains to be seen how the Turkish authorities will react to this
action by YouTube but I strongly suspect that they will issue a new
injunction to block access to YouTube."
OSCE (the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe) which, in
June 2010, expressed the opinion that Internet censorship in Turkey was one
of the heaviest in the world by the the law allowing the access blocking to
more than 5 000 sites, welcomed the present decision but urged Turkey to
continue in this direction "by reforming its Internet law and lift the
remaining website bans."
Thousands of other websites, especially those related to sensitive topics
such as Ataturk, the army and minorities, remain blocked.
Turkey lifts two-year ban on YouTube (30.10.2010)
YouTube accessible soon in Turkey after three years of blocking (only in
French, 30.10.2010)
YouTube Ban is Imminent (again) in Turkey (1.11.2010)
Turkey: Authorities urged to ensure YouTube stays unblocked (3.11.2010)
EDRI-gram: Turkey extends the censorship of YouTube (16.06.2010)
5. Free Culture 2010 in Barcelona
Barcelona was the capital of free culture at the end of October 2010, with
two events - Oxcars and then the Free Culture Forum (FCF) - organized by
Exgae for awarding and promoting free culture concepts across Europe and
The third edition of the Oxcars ceremony took place on 28 October 2010, with
1000 people joining the event on the spot and many more watching it live on
the Internet. The event awarded prizes for the Spanish free culture
supporters (such as the academic Josi Luis Sampedro) and users (Txaber
Allui - an e-cook blogger).
Following the ECJ ruling on private copying levies just a few days
earlier, the stars of the event were the lawyer Jover Josep and Ana Marma
Mindez - the owner of the computer store that started the proceedings
against Spanish collective society SGAE. Javier characterized the
current situation of the copyright levies by a powerful metaphor:
"We are in a country where blind men pay for what they don't see and the
deaf for what they can't hear."
British filmmaker Kate Madison was another star of the night, following her
implication in the minimal budget fan-made film "Born of Hope", which
recreated the world from the Tolkien trilogy. The film, available free on
the Internet, had over 2 million views in less than one year.
The first round of discussions at FCF were related to the political and
economic copyright framework. MEP Eva Lichtenberger made an appeal to
civil society action in the debate saying that "We have lost the battle on
the Gallo resolution, but this is just a resolution - so we will need to
continue the battle on the future legislative framework and we need the
civil society input." She also underlined that the discussion was more
balanced now, a group of MEPs already exist that are not indoctrinated
only by the lobby copyright approaches.
But the FCF focused this year on a very sensitive topic related to free
culture: sustainability. The "flat rate" was the main topic of the
discussions, with opinions pro and against a solution that might require
users to pay a fixed monthly amount to be distributed to creators, as
compensation for the free circulation of works on the Internet. The solution
that might be adopted in Brazil has triggered a lot of attention and
references from presenters or participants in the debate.
But other solutions for sustainability were publicly presented, from
individual solutions, such as the crowd funded movie El Cosmonauta, to
overall approaches, such as flattr presented by Peter Sunde or the Kick
Starter, that had 500 projects funded and over 20 million USD pledged in the
first 18 months of the project.
Alice Wiegand from Wikimedia Germany correctly underlined that it was not
just financial sustainability that needed to be better researched, but also
the technical and social sustainability, without which a project like
Wikipedia can't last.
The debate on FCF was also broadcasted online and now videos of both
events are publicly available on the Internet.
Six candles for six years to combat digital canon (only in Spanish,
The Free Culture Forum in Barcelona explores the way financial
sustainability of free culture and shared (only in Spanish, 2.11.2010)
The free culture antiOscar reward Josi Luis Sampedro (only in Spanish,
Oxcars 2010 - video recordings
Free Culture Forum 2010 - Pictures, videos and press
6. Continuing the battle against data retention
During the 32nd Annual Conference of the Data Protection and Privacy
Commissioners "Privacy: Generations" that took place on 27 and 28 October
2010, EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) called for the
abolition of the European Union's Data Retention Directive.
"The Data Retention Directive is highly controversial, if not wildly
unpopular throughout the European Union. The directive was strongly opposed
by European privacy activists ... as each country in the EU has implemented
the Data Retention Directive in their own law, they have faced challenges in
state courts," explained Eva Galperin of EFF, in a blog post.
"The experience in Europe makes clear that mandatory data retention regimes
are disproportionate and unnecessary. We continue to believe that the
legitimate needs of law enforcement can be met by a more targeted data
preservation regime, without the collateral damage inflicted by the 2006
directive. Rather than fighting the privacy battle across Europe one state
at a time, EFF urges European Privacy Authorities to call upon the European
Commission to stand up for Internet users' fundamental rights, and repeal
the 2006 Data Retention Directive outright", stated the EFF.
Indeed, the EU Data Protection Directive has been facing a strong and large
opposition for several years now. Even the Roadmap published by the EU is
indicating that the national implementation has been more complicated than
initially thought. Thus most Member States were late in transposing, and 6
have not yet introduced transposing legislation, whereas in 2 Member States
the Constitutional Court annulled the national law transposing the
Directive. (Germany and Romania, plus a pending case in Hungary). Also there
is already a referral to the ECJ for a preliminary ruling at the behest of
the Irish High Court .
Also the expert group on data retention that should "unite in a single
platform all European stakteholders" seems to be missing the civil society
representation or the human rights experts.
According to a Commission source, the review report of the directive,
which was due on 15 September 2010, has recently been postponed to March
2011. The Commission seems to have difficulties to get data from the
member states that proves that data retention is necessary and
proportionate in a democratic society.
EFF Urges EU Data Protection Authorities to Call for the Repeal of the EU
Data Retention Directive (25.10.2010)
EFF calls for repeal of Data Retention Directive (29.10.2010)
Roadmap - Proposal for a review of the Directive 2006/24/EC (Data Retention)
Civil society calls for an end to compulsory telecommunications data
retention (28.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: WP29 criticizes the implementation of the EU data retention
directive (28.07.2010)
7. Belgian Court upholds Creative Commons licence
A local court in Nivelles, Belgium upheld in a case decided 26 October
2010 on the validity of the Creative Commons licence in a copyright
infringement case when a music group published its music under CC BY-NC-SA.
In this case reported by Professor Siverine Dussollier of the University of
Namur, a theatre adapted the music published by the band to make an
advertisement for their theatrical season. The ad was broadcast on the
national radio several times (with no attribution). The band refused the
damages of 1500 euro that the theatre proposed and decided to sue for
copyright infringement.
In its decision, the court recognized the CC licence as a valid permissive
copyright licence that has already been accepted by Dutch, Spanish and
US courts.
The decision also noted that the conditions of the decisions were breached
by not attributing the song to its creators and using it for commercial
purposes, which was prohibited by the CC licence used.
The court decided to award damages of 4500 euro to the complainants.
Decision Tribunal Nivelles - Lichtdmapwa (only in French, 26.10.2010)
Belgian Court recognises CC licences (2.11.2010)
EDRi-gram: Creative Commons license upheld in Dutch and Spanish courts  8. Recommended Action
Public consultation on the future of electronic commerce in the internal
market and the implementation of the Directive on electronic commerce
(2000/31/EC). Deadline: 5 November 2010
Defend Councillor Kitcat from suspension for posting YouTube videos
9. Recommended Reading
UK: Minister proposes privacy mediation service and good-privacy kitemark
10. Agenda
5-7 November 2010, Cologne, Germany
Transparency, Work, Surveillance
Joint Annual Meeting of FIfF and DVD
5-7 November 2010, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
12-13 November 2010, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Economies of the Commons 2 - Paying the costs of making things free
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
18-19 November 2010, London, UK
Open Government Data Camp
27-30 December 2010, Berlin, Germany
27th Chaos Communication Congress (27C3)
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
Submission deadline for Full Papers and Position Papers: 16 November 2010
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-11-17 20:58:42
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.22, 17 November 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.22, 17 November 2010
1. E-Commerce directive: ensure freedom of expression and due process of law
2. Panoptykon looks for the rationale behind the blanket data retention
3. Data retention regime in discussion all over Europe
4. European Commission takes next step towards data protection review
5. Kroes wants copyright as a building block, not a stumbling block
6. Dutch government cancels plans for national database on bank data
7. EP and Article 29 WP opinions on PNR transfers to third countries
8. Czech 2010 Big Brother Awards
9. Macedonia: New copyright law
10. ENDitorial: Net neutrality - wait and see the end of the open Internet
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. E-Commerce directive: ensure freedom of expression and due process of law
EDRi has responded to the public consultation of the European Commission on
Electronic Commerce Directive (2000/31/EC) asking for the revision of the
European regime of intermediaries liability, in view of better guaranteeing
the respect for fundamental rights and the due process of law application on
the Internet.
This consultation, closed on 5 November 2010, aimed at assessing the
implementation of the Directive in Member States, and at identifying
limitations with the current text.
EDRi focuses its answer on the liability regime of the technical
intermediaries set by Articles 12 to 15 of the Directive. This scheme
applies to intermediaries providing access to the Internet as well as
content distribution and hosting. From the users' perspective, this regime
has a major impact on the level of freedom of expression, freedom of
information, right to privacy and personal data protection on the Internet,
as well as on the due process of law. From the technical intermediaries'
perspective, it must ensure the needed legal certainty to run their
EDRi's response stresses that the lack of clarity and precision of this
regime does not currently allow adequate protection of human rights and the
rule of law, nor does it ensure legal certainty for intermediaries. In
support of this assertion, EDRi provides examples of concrete situations
having occurred in different countries following the transposition of the
Directive into national laws.
In order for the EU to respect its current obligations with regard to its
own Charter of Fundamental Rights and its upcoming obligations under the
European Convention on Human Rights, EDRi underlines the need to revise the
current intermediaries liability regime as follows:
- Where an intermediary is not hosting the content (acting as a mere
conduit, an access provider or a search engine), it should have no liability
for this content, nor should it have any obligations with regards to the
removal or filtering of this content;
- Where an intermediary acts as a hosting provider, its liability with
respect to the content hosted should be restricted to its lack of compliance
with a court order to take down this content;
- Intermediaries should have no obligation to monitor content;
- Services and activities currently not addressed by the Directive (search
engines, web2.0 services, hypertext links) should also benefit from the same
limited liability regime.
Details on all these issues are provided in the EDRi response.
EDRI response to the consultation on the E-Commerce Directive (5.11.2010)
European Commission public consultation on the E-Commerce Directive
Article 19 response to the consultation on the E-Commerce Directive
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRi-member IRIS - France)
2. Panoptykon looks for the rationale behind the blanket data retention
On 9 and 10 November 2010 the representatives of the EDRi-member Panoptykon
Foundation met with the representatives of the European Commission in
order to discuss the evaluation of the Data Retention Directive (DRD)
and the rationale behind the regime of blanket data retention . The
meetings were held with representatives from Reding Cabinet first and
secondly with members of the Directorate General for Home Affairs - DG
Home. The following is a summary of the main issues that were
discussed according to Panoptykon's point of view.
It seems that the Commissioner Reding remains very critical about the
current data protection regime. The following might be identified as the
main problems with the Directive: (i) there is too much room for
interpretation for Member States as to what "serious crime" means; (ii)
retention periods are too long; (iii) the scope of data to be retained
remains undefined  (especially with regard to the Internet); (iv) there
should be an obligatory  judicial control mechanism provided in the DRD
On the next day with DG Home there were discussed three main problems:
(i) the evaluation process and their plans for the near future; (ii)
the implementation of DRD and its planned revision; (iii) the
proportionality of the data retention regime in principle.
Regarding the evaluation process, DG Home admitted that they were
still working on the report and 3 March 2011 remains their internal
deadline for publishing it. The delay in the process is due to the
lack of response from the Member States - only 13 responded, sending
rather low quality data (e.g. no statistical information on how the
retained data was used and with what effect for law enforcement). Only
the UK made an effort to give more insight into how the retained data
was used in investigations.
There might be nine key issues in the evaluation report: purpose,
period, scope, modalities, authorities, operators, costs, crime and
data security. Later on, DG Home will probably move on to make an
impact assessment, which is officially treated as a second stage of
the whole process. This will include public consultation and the
invitation to voice concerns. The third stage will be the drafting of
a proposal for DRD revision. The important thing is that there will be
a proposal for review and not just re-casting of the DRD.
As far as the implementation and considered revision of DRD is
concerned, from the discussion with  DG Home it appears that not a
single Member State has implemented the directive as it was intended
by the Commission. However, it seems that the evaluation report will
not mention particular states.
While discussing the shortening of the retention period, DG Home
quoted a survey saying that while the retained data is requested
within the first 3-6 months in investigating minor crimes or offences,
in the case of most serious crimes (like terrorism) data is requested
even 2 years after the crime occurred. So the argument is that if
someone wants to fulfill the original goal of the DRD, a long retention
period might be a necessity.
It was our understanding that DG Home seems convinced that the amount of
data stored byoperators under DRD remains the same as it was under the
e-Privacy Directive (Art.15). Also that DRD remains an alternative legal
basis for implementing the data retention regime to Art.15 of the e-Privacy
Directive . That would mean that DRD was not seen as lege specialis  (!).
Finally, on the point of the adaptation of the data retention regime
to "technological change", there were possibilities of increasing the
scope of DRD to cover Information Society Service providers like
Google or Facebook. This is because the data retention in the current
shape might be seen as not efficient and easy to circumvent.
A long discussion related with the proportionality issue. One opinion was
that the reasoning applied by the European Court of Justice in the Marper
case can be used to legitimise the blanket data retention regime. This might
be understand as the Court criticised "indiscriminate and blanket" retention
of data only on the grounds of the time factor (i.e. that DNA profiles were
supposed to be stored forever) and not to the scope of the data collected
(i.e. that UK wanted to collect and store data of everyone who has ever been
suspected of committing an offence). Therefore blanket data retention might
remain, in some views, legitimate and proportional as long as it is limited
in time (e.g. the maximum period of 2 years).
EDRi-gram: Continuing the battle against data retention (3.11.2010)
(contribution by Katarzyna Szymielewicz - EDRi-member Panoptykon
Foundation - Poland)
3. Data retention regime in discussion all over Europe
While in Germany the Minister of Justice rejects the current data retention
regime, Sweden is preparing to implement it. In the meantime, the European
Commission is organizing a public debate on the review of the directive, but
has delayed its final report on the revision.
The Swedish Government has proposed a draft law to implement the data
retention directive, asking for a six month period of keeping the
trafficdata of electronic communications. Justice Minister Beatrice Ask
considers that it is "important for us to create adequate protection for
personal integrity" and this is why Sweden has opted for the minimum period
allowed by the EU directive.
The European Commission (EC) has already started the review of the data
retention directive, but decided to postpone the report after it failed to
obtain from member countries enough evidence to show why the directive is
needed. "The data retention directive is a totally failed initiative,"
EDRi's Joe McNamee told Deutsche Welle. Now the EC has invited all relevant
stakeholders to a conference in Brussels on 3 December 2010 in order to
"finalise the evaluation of the Directive and to start the process of its
In Germany, the head of the Federal Criminal Police considers that its
country should re-enact the data retention law. But the German Minister of
Justice Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger has supported the position of the
civil society which is against such a measure. Moreover, she has informed
the German Working Group on Data Retention (AK Vorrat) that she supports
their position that if the EU Commission wants to uphold the data retention
policy entirely, the EU must at least leave it to national parliaments and
constitutional courts to decide whether they wish to implement this policy
or not. "I am permanently in touch with the EU Commission and will take your
arguments into account in our upcoming discussions",
Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger assured the Working Group.
The AK Vorrat press info also points to the recent ruling of the European
Court of Justice  that considered "limitations in relation to the protection
of personal data must apply only in so far as is strictly necessary". It
ruled as "invalid" EU requirements to publish every recipient of
agricultural subsidies in the EU, deciding that this indiscriminate policy
"exceeded the limits which compliance with the principle of proportionality
imposes". "(I)t is possible to envisage measures which affect less adversely
that fundamental right of natural persons and which still contribute
effectively to the objectives of the European Union rules in question", the
Court held.
"The EU must now also abandon the disproportionate practise of
indiscriminate retention of records on any communication, lest the
EU Court of Justice rule the EU data retention directive invalid,
too", comments Patrick Breyer of the Working Group on Data
Retention. "The targeted preservation of suspect data is much less
invasive and still contributes effectively to the prosecution of
crime. The practise of most states world-wide demonstrates that EU
rules stipulating the indiscriminate retention of records on any
phone call, mobile phone location and Internet connection in the EU
is not 'strictly necessary', but violates our right to respect for
our private lives as guaranteed in the EU Charter of Fundamental
Rights. It is not only the EU Court of Justice but also national
constitutional courts and the European Court of Human Rights
that have in the past ruled invalid indiscriminate intrusions into
the personal lives of innocent citizens."
Six EU member states have refused to transpose the controversial 2006 EU
data retention directive; in two more EU Member States constitutional courts
have annulled data retention laws, finding them incompatible with
fundamental rights.
The Canadian Government also distanced itself from the
controversial EU data retention policy. It announced plans to
"create a preservation order that would require a telecommunication
service provider to safeguard and not delete its data related to a
specific communication or a subscriber when police believe the data
will assist in an investigation." "This is not data retention", the
Department of Justice pointed out. Preservation orders would be
"restricted to the data that would assist in a specific
German Minister wants to end EU-wide communications data retention
Conference "Taking on Data retention" - 3 December 2010
Sweden falls in line with controversial EU data retention rules (12.11.2010)
European Court of Justice cases C-92/09 and C-93/09 (9.11.2010)
Canada Backgrounder : Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act
4. European Commission takes next step towards data protection review
The European Commission has published a Communication on "a comprehensive
approach to personal data protection in the European Union", as the final
stage in the consultation process leading to a review of the 1995 Data
Protection Directive.
Based on its work on this dossier to date, the Commission has identified the
need to address several key priorities, the first of these being to adapt to
the impact of new technologies. Three further priorities (enhancing the
single market, providing stronger institutional arrangements and improving
coherence) address a core problem that unites pretty much everybody
concerned with the current framework - the lack of consistency and
predictability in the implementation of the Directive. This consistency will
be tested by the broader applicability of the Directive as a result of the
Lisbon Treaty. A further priority will be to strengthen international
measures, to ensure protection of personal data on a global level,
particularly as a result of developments such as outsourcing.
These priorities are honed down it the Commission's Communication into
several specific objectives.
The first objective is the strengthening of individuals' rights. The
Commission raises the issue of the definition of personally identifiable
data in this context and says that additional measures are needed. The aim
is to ensure a coherent application of data protection rules, taking into
account the impact of new technologies on individuals' rights and freedoms
and the objective of ensuring the free circulation of personal data within
the internal market.
The second objective is more difficult still - to increase transparency for
data subjects. The Commission proposes three different strands of action on
this point. It suggests a general principle of transparent processing,
bolstered by specific obligations on what information to provide and how to
provide it and with standard EU forms for data controllers. Finally, as it
was almost unavoidable after the introduction of a sector-specific breach
notification obligation in the e-privacy Directive, the Commission suggests
a general breach notification obligation.
The third objective is a clearer power of citizens to have control over
their own data, where theoretical rights granted by the existing Directive
are currently very difficult to enforce in practice. The aim of the
Commission is to improve the procedures for exercising the rights of access,
rectification, erasure and blocking of data - including the "right to be
forgotten" - and "data portability"  ("as far as technically feasible" -
which will obviously need to be carefully worded to avoid businesses
devising systems to make this technically unfeasible).
The fourth objective is to increase the level of awareness of data
protection rights in Europe, including funding for this via the EU budget
and through an obligation on Member States to raise awareness.
Fifth, the Commission sets an objective of ensuring free and informed
consent but, unsurprisingly, as this is a particularly difficult issue, it
makes few proposals at the moment, beyond suggesting that self-regulatory
initiatives designed to develop solutions consistent with EU law may be a
way of making progress.
The sixth objective is updating the protection for sensitive data, in
particular with regard to the extension of the definition of sensitive data
and harmonizing the conditions for processing such data.
Finally, and importantly, the Commission wishes to prioritise the issue of
making remedies and sanctions more effective. It suggests that this could be
done via group actions and strengthening existing provisions on sanctions.
With regard to the single market, the Commission recognizes the failures of
the existing framework and undertakes to "examine the means to achieve
further harmonisation of data protection rules at EU level." The Commission
aims to achieve this in part through a simplification of the current
notification system. Following from this, it will seek to solve the issue of
applicable law, which is causing problems for companies established in
several EU Member States. The Commission undertakes to examine how to revise
and clarify the existing provisions on applicable law.
The Commission is keen to ensure that simplification of procedures will not
lead to a weakening of rights and therefore aims to create specific
obligations including data protection impact assessments and the use of
privacy enhancing technologies. This approach would be bolstered by
self-regulatory initiatives such as codes of conduct.
The Commission ambitiously aims to address the problems of data protection
in the field of police and judicial cooperation. While there is a Framework
Decision on this subject, it does not cover domestic processing of data and
also is too weak with regard to purpose limitation. To overcome these and
other problems, the Commission suggests considering the extension of the
application of the general data protection rules to the areas of police and
judicial cooperation in criminal matters and considers the possibility of
specific and harmonised provisions in the new general Data Protection
Framework, for example on data protection regarding the processing of
genetic data for criminal law purposes or distinguishing the various
categories of data subjects (witnesses, suspects etc.) in the area of police
cooperation and judicial cooperation in criminal matters. In addition, it is
contemplating a specific consultation on the revision of current supervision
systems in this area and the alignment of existing sector-specific rules to
the general data protection framework.
With regard to the many and varied problems related to international data
transfer, the Commission says that it intends to examine how to improve and
streamline the current procedures for international data transfers, to
clarify the Commission's adequacy procedure and better specify the criteria
and requirements for assessing the level of data protection in a third
country or an international organisation. It will also look at defining core
EU data protection elements, which could be used for all types of
international agreements.
Consultation - A comprehensive approach on personal data protection in the
European Union (4.11.2010)
Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data processed in
the framework of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
5. Kroes wants copyright as a building block, not a stumbling block
During the Avignon Forum for the international meetings of culture, economy
and media that took place on 5 November 2010, Neelie Kroes, European
Commission Vice-President for the Digital Agenda, expressed her very
strong conviction that copyright regulations had to change.
The Commissioner believes the existing copyright rules are not adapted to
the development brought by the Internet and that any big technological
revolution brings forth the necessity for adaptation. In her opinion, the
intermediaries between the artists and the public are those that must
understand the change and adapt. The "content industry has failed to
capitalise on the changing market." The present copyright laws have become a
burden. "Despite the fact that thanks to the Internet the world has gotten
smaller than ever before, making it extremely easy for artists to get their
creations to as many people as possible, copyright law and the content
industry stand in their way."
Kroes drew the attention that culture intermediaries might not be spared by
the "Internet revolution, which is unveiling the unsustainable position of
certain content gatekeepers and intermediaries. No historically entrenched
position guarantees the survival of any cultural intermediary. Like it or
not, content gatekeepers risk being sidelined if they do not adapt to the
needs of both creators and consumers of cultural goods."
In other words, change or face the consequences! "I believe that those who
will prosper in the digital age are those who understand that convergence is
one of the keys," because "convergence means creative freedom and more
inspirational content ready to meet the expectations of a public that
evolves with art and content."
The Commissioner believes the development of the Internet will not kill
other type of media just as "cinema did not kill theatre, nor did television
kill radio." She used as argument the statistics that show that actually the
Internet increases the interest in art and creation. "...people who spend
more time on the Internet tend to read more, and to go to cinema and to
concerts more often than the population as a whole. Studies show that
nowadays, people increasingly watch TV and browse the Internet at the same
time - simply to get more information about something that intrigued them."
Kroes expressed her goal of promoting cultural diversity and content adapted
to the digital age and her hope that "Europe is and must remain a global
cultural force." She reminded the fact that copyright was not an end in
itself and that although it had been useful for 200 years to artists and the
creative industries, it was nowadays outdated. "We must ensure that
copyright serves as a building block, not a stumbling block."
And she gave the example of Europeana project, the online portal of
libraries, museums and archives in Europe which is endangered by copyright.
"...when it comes to 20th century materials, even to digitise and publish
orphan works and out-of-distribution works, we have a large problem indeed.
Europeana could be condemned to be a niche player rather than a world leader
if it cannot be granted licenses and share the full catalogue of written and
audio-visual material held in our cultural institutions."
The Commissioner criticised the fragmented copyright system which is not
adapted to the reality of today and which has reached a point where it gives
a more important role to intermediaries than to artists. "It irritates the
public who often cannot access what artists want to offer and leaves a
vacuum which is served by illegal content, depriving the artists of their
well deserved remuneration. And copyright enforcement is often entangled in
sensitive questions about privacy, data protection or even net neutrality."
As Kroes thinks an immediate debate on the topic is necessary, she announced
that the Commission would soon make some legislative proposals after
examining the issue of divergent national private copy levies and
multi-territorial and pan-European licensing.
The Commissioner made an appeal to go back to sense rather than having "a
dysfunctional system based on a series of cultural Berlin walls," and to
create a "system where there is scope to create new opportunities for
artists and creators, and new business models that better fit the digital
For the time being, we face situations like that of a young man accused, in
a P2P case in US, of illegally downloading and distributing 24 tunes
on the net, who was found in breach of copyright and fined with 1,1 million
Euro (about 46 000 Euro/song).
A similar case in Germany brought about a 15 Euro fine/song. Although the
cases are not identical in their details, they illustrate the very
different approaches to copyright infringement in different jurisdictions.
Press release - Speech of Neelie Kroes European Commission Vice-President
for the Digital Agenda A digital world of opportunities at Avignon Forum
Kroes: EU copyright rules need major overhaul (5.11.2010)
$42 German P2P fine stark contrast to seven-figure US judgments (5.11.2010)
EDRI-gram: EDRi and partners launch Copyright for Creativity declaration
6. Dutch government cancels plans for national database on bank data
After facing enormous pressure from the media, civil society and several
MPs, The Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice announced that it will
not develop a national database or search engine containing bank data of
all Dutch citizens. The Dutch digital rights organization Bits of
Freedom discovered plans to this end in one of 27 internal documents,
that were made public after a Freedom of Information Act requests by
independent researcher Rejo Zenger. As the response of the Government
followed only one day after these plans hit the news, the campaign
illustrates the crucial role civil society can and must play to protect
digital civil rights.
The ambitions are a part of the much larger 'Project verkeerstoren'
(Traffic Tower), that seeks to centralize the retention of and access to
several categories of personal data, in order to ease the procedure for
data requests by law enforcement agencies (LAEs). As telecommunications
subscriber data are already stored in the national database CIOT
(Centraal Informatiepunt Onderzoek Telecommunicatie) - accessed approx.
3 million times a year by Dutch LAEs - the Government had been
investigating in 'Project dataretentie' the extension the CIOT-model to
historical telecommunications subscriber data, traffic- and location
data following the enactment of the Data retention directive. In one
document however, the Government discusses the Traffic Tower project and
writes that bank data could follow, after the successful implementation
of the Data retention project. After the confirmation of these ambitions
by the Ministry to several journalists, the plans received considerable
media attention and critique from MPs. Two days later, the Ministry
cancelled the national database on bank data.
The implications of the CIOT-database function creep were put in context
by a second finding: at least 78.000 requests of traffic- and location
data by Dutch LAEs in the last year. Until now, the Ministry had kept
secret this information for the general public. Consequently, the news
that Dutch LAEs are a European frontrunner when it comes to
telecommunications data - subscriber-, traffic and locations data -
requests was mentioned along the plans for the centralization of bank
data. These revelations follow up a Bits of Freedom analysis of last
summer, that concluded that  the  LAEs have been neglecting the data
protection rules surrounding the database for at least three years in a
row, even though internal audit reports had strongly called upon the
LAEs to respect the privacy and data protection rights since the errors
where 'undermining the legitimacy of the Law Enforcement effort'. Bits
of Freedoms disclosure that authorized police officers had been giving
their PIN-codes away to their colleagues and that the entire request
procedure had not been subject to either independent oversight or prior
check of legitimate access, were two of the more striking examples that
reached the headlines in mainstream media back then. If that weren't
enough, ISP and telecoms incumbent KPN stated in a letter - amongst the
27 released documents - that the operator rather keeps the data for
itself, than handing it over to the CIOT-database.
Hence, the cancellation of the database on bank data is of important
symbolic value. It casts light on the Traffic Tower project, the impact
of mandatory centralized personal data storage and shows that civil
society can stop such ambitions as it has the facts on its side. It also
shows that civil society is needed in the future: the Ministry is still
working out the centralization of telecommunications traffic- and
location data of all Dutch citizens, to the effect that every single
communication and movement of all Dutch citizens can be requested with
one mouse click. Bits of Freedom will continue to put any ambitions to
this end under close scrutiny.
Rejo Zenger website, 27 released documents on 'Project dataretentie' (only
in Dutch)
NOS Journaal, 'Justitie wil bankgegevens sneller' (only in Dutch, 9.11.2010)
Bits of Freedom, 'Nederland Europees koploper opvragen telecomgegevens'
(only in Dutch, 10.11.2010)
Bits of Freedom, 'Meteen succes: landelijke zoekmachine bankgegevens van
de baan (only in Dutch, 11.11.2010)
Bits of Freedom, 'Opsporingsdiensten negeren privacyregels stelselmatig'
(only in Dutch, 26.07.2010)
(Contribution by Axel Arnbak - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom)
7. EP and Article 29 WP opinions on PNR transfers to third countries
As negotiations continue between EU and USA on the issue of air passenger
data (PNR) transfer, so is the debate on the issue between the European
Commission and the other EU bodies.
The European Parliament (EP) issued on 11 November 2010 a resolution on the
matter. While reaffirming its determination to fight terrorism and organised
crime, and welcoming the Commission's recent communication on the global
approach to transfers of PNR data to third countries, the EP re-emphasizes
the firm belief that that civil liberties and fundamental rights must be
protected, "including the rights to privacy, informational
self-determination and data protection".
As proportionality remains a key issue for the EP, the resolution asks from
the Commission to give "factual evidence that the collection, storage, and
processing of PNR data is necessary for each of the stated purposes".
As it has a veto right, the EP requires to be fully informed on any PNR
developments related to "bilateral agreements and memorandums of
understanding between Member States and the USA concerning the exchange of
law-enforcement data and participation in the US Visa Waiver Programme, as
well as the One-Stop Security programme". On this occasion, it reminds us
that "bilateral memorandums of understanding between Member States and the
USA, alongside negotiations between the EU and the USA, are contrary to the
principle of loyal cooperation between the EU institutions".
In October, European Data Protection Supervisor Peter Hustinx also
expressed his concerns regarding the necessity and legitimacy of PNR
collection schemes and called for better safeguards in international PNR
agreements. "The conditions for collection and processing of PNR data should
be considerably restricted. I am particularly concerned about the use of PNR
schemes for risk assessment or profiling," he said.
He also criticised the Commission for doing its work in reverse order,
dealing with international PNR agreements before having any kind of system
within the EU. An intra-EU equivalent scheme is not scheduled until 2012.
"We have PNR (agreements) with the US and the EU. It is a lack of logic that
we are not sharing (PNR) in the EU," said Home Affairs Commissioner Cecilia
Malmstrvm who added that all the state members had required such an
On 15 November, Article 29 Data Protection Working Party (WP) issued an
opinion stating that the European data protection authorities belonging to
the WP remained critical on the exchange of PNR data with countries outside
the EU.
In its opinion, issued as a reaction to the European Commission
communication on the global approach to PNR transfers of 21 September 2010,
Article 29 WP questions "the necessity of large-scale profiling for law
enforcement purposes on the basis of passengers' data."
Article 29 WP believes there still is no objective proof or statistics
showing that PNR data are valuable in combating transnational crime and
The data protection authorities consider that although the Commission has
made some movements in the right direction there is still room for
improvement such as the standards referring to onward transfer of collected
data where "the principle of purpose limitation should apply, which means
that the collected data may not be used by other government authorities in
the receiving country for purposes not related to the combating of
transnational serious crime and terrorism."
European Parliament resolution of 11 November 2010 on the global approach to
transfers of passenger name record (PNR) data to third countries, and on the
recommendations from the Commission to the Council to authorise the opening
of negotiations between the European Union and Australia, Canada and the
United States (11.11.2010)
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party - PRESS RELEASE - 'Data Protection
Authorities Critical on sharing passengers' data' (15.11.2010)
EU to revive debate over air passenger data (12.11.2010)
EC Communication -  On the global approach to transfers of Passenger Name
Record (PNR) data to third countries (21.09.2010)
Opinion 7/2010 on European Commission's Communication on the global approach
to transfers of Passenger Name Record (PNR) data to third countries
8. Czech 2010 Big Brother Awards
The sixth edition of the Czech Big Brother Awards has recently been
organised by EDRi member Iuridicum Remedium in Prague BIO eye where an
expert jury selected the winners for 2010 from more than 140 nominations.
The Czech police received the Big Brother award in the long-term
spying category, for having violated people's privacy by "their serious and
long-term interference in people's privacy, mainly for archiving photographs
of cars and its drivers from camera-monitoring systems," as the organiser
explained. The police was also criticised for its overuse of applications
for access to sensitive data from mobile phones.
For the second year in a row, Facebook received the mock award as
the largest corporate spy, for pushing users to enable anybody to
have access to private data by its deceptive strategy and technical
parameters. Facebook gets the maximum information from personal profiles,
increasing their commercial potential.
The Interior Ministry was given the award in the category of the biggest
official spying, for having hindered the preparation of the legislation for
the improvement of personal data protection from camera monitoring systems,
wiretapping and DNA databases.
Even the European Union received an award, at spying among nations category,
for the negotiations in the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) and
for funding the INDECT project aimed at developing computer programmes to
detect "abnormal behaviour". The project will research the use of CCTV
systems in combination with audio recordings in urban areas. For the
surveillance of citizens on the Internet, the system focuses on monitoring
forums, blogs and social networks. The end users of the system will be a
European police force.
The winner in the category of "The Big Brother's statement" was "Facebook
father" Mark Zuckerberg for his statement that the right to privacy is
simply a social norm developing over time and that people are now satisfied
with eliminating privacy. In his opinion, "the age of privacy is over."
ACTA got the award at the legal standard category for disregarding human
rights in favour of the industry.
The positive award for privacy protection was obtained by the citizens in
Vir nad Svratkou, South Moravia, for having stood up against the
installation of a camera monitoring system in their village.
Police receive mock award for violating privacy (11.11.2010)
Big Brother Awards, Award for long-term  spying gained Police (only in
Czech, 10.11.2010)
9. Macedonia: New copyright law
Prison sentences of up to five years for copyright infringement are
projected in the new Law on Copyright and Related Rights adopted in
September 2010 in Macedonia.
With this law, which in addition to authors' and artists' rights also
regulates the rights of film and stage producers, radio and television
organizations, as well as the rights of publishers and database developers,
copyright infringement is actually becoming a crime.
With these changes to the law that was being prepared for four years,
Macedonia now formally has the same copyright protection standards as the EU
member states. However, the general impression is that the formal progress
is far from significant, as copies of film and music works are being sold on
the side walks of the busiest intersections in the capital, and some of the
film festivals are still screening films using DVDs.
Representatives of agencies working in the IP field and fighting infringers
of the Law on Copyright and Related Rights say that major violations of this
Law are taking place in Macedonia, and no sphere is an exception; from the
textile, pharmaceutical, to the tobacco and automotive industry.
We're seeing counterfeited material, copies of registered trademarks in
every area - says Mite Kostov, chairman of the Coordination Body for
Intellectual Property. He added that a great number of DVD stores across the
country were closed as part of a copyright protection campaign. In Strumica,
for example, out of 22 DVD stores, only a few remained in business, and only
seven out of thirty in Tetovo, i.e. the ones that legally exist - Kostov
The common impression of experts in this sphere is that the biggest problem
regarding the sanctioning of offenders is in the courts. This was also noted
in the latest EU 2010 Progress Report on Macedonia, stating that only 23 out
of 98 court procedures on copyright have been completed - Pepeljugovski
New Macedonian Copyright law (only in Macedonian)
Macedonia: Up to five years in prison for piracy (only in Macedonian,
(Contribution by EDRi-member Metamorphosis - Macedonia)
10. ENDitorial: Net neutrality - wait and see the end of the open Internet
At the joint European Parliament and European Commission net neutrality
summit in Brussels on 11 November there was a clear political message - that
interference with Internet traffic is permissible as long as companies tell
their consumers that it is happening.
The Commission will "wait and see" if such interferences cause problems for
the market and will consider taking action if this is the case.  In a whole
day of discussions, the fundamental rights aspects of the interference by
private companies with citizens' communications were only questioned by
Jeremie Zimmermann from La Quadrature du Net and Jan Albrecht MEP
(Greens/EFA, Germany).
Anyone who has been active in telecoms regulation in Brussels for the past
decade would have been forgiven for suffering from a severe bout of "dij`
vu". The large operators were out in force explaining that the market is
very competitive and they could not afford any regulatory interventions. No
regulatory intervention is needed, they explained, because the market will
take care of all problems. Catherine Trautmann MEP (S+D, France) demanded a
Commission Recommendation which, while not binding, would at least create a
methodological framework adaptable for binding legislation after it fails.
Her arguments were insightful, forceful and apparently ignored by the
The European Commission has heard the large operators' arguments before and
was convinced to delay urgent regulatory interventions. In 1999/2000, there
was an urgent need to open the "last mile" of telecoms infrastructure to
competition, in order to boost Internet access in Europe. The Commission
decided against the legislation and opted to "wait and see". When nothing
happened, they proposed a Recommendation on opening the market. When this
also failed, they proposed a Regulation which was implemented well in some
countries and badly in others, partly due to the rushed nature of the
legislative intervention. "Wait and see" had failed European citizens.
The European Commission heard those arguments again when it started asking
questions about the huge cost of mobile phone roaming. After initially
waiting to see the scale of the issue, it started investigating the problem
at the end of 2004 and a Regulation entered into force in June 2007. It
took a further three years to deal with data roaming. The cost of this "wait
and see" delay was the loss of millions of Euro for European businesses and
European citizens. "Wait and see" had failed European citizens again.
And now, when developing policy to address interferences with private
communications, when developing a policy which deals with a core element of
modern democracy, the Commission has decided to "wait and see". This time,
however, the Commission will not be able to intervene once all other options
have failed.
Once Internet intermediaries start interfering more overtly with
communications, they will find it more and more difficult to argue that they
should be entitled to do this for their own benefit, but not for other
vested interests. Already, access providers are being asked to block peer to
peer communications (see the Scarlet/Sabam case) and to block certain
websites for the vested interests of the copyright industry, to block
gambling websites for the benefit of vested interests of national gambling
monopolies (in France, Italy and elsewhere) and to block websites accused of
containing child abuse material, to hide the inadequacy of national
administrations that are unwilling to make the effort to have the crime
scenes taken offline and to prosecute the criminals behind them.
When the Commission finally decided to act in relation to unbundling and
roaming, it just had to face the lobbying power of the telecoms companies.
With the non-neutral Internet, however, things will be very different.  It
will face the opposition not just of the large telecom providers, but also
every company and organisation with a vested interest in restricting access
to communication. It will also face the opposition of organisations arguing
for policing of the net by access providers. The OECD is currently
discussing how Internet intermediaries can police the Internet to achieve
public policy objectives, the Council of Europe has asked for "reflection"
on the liability of intermediaries in relation to online intellectual
property infringements, the ACTA Agreement (which the EU is currently
finalising) calls for the cooperation of Internet intermediaries in
combating online intellectual property infringements, the UN has called for
their cooperation to protect children online, the OSCE is discussing how
they can cooperate to address hate speech. The list is endless.
Once the Commission has waited and seen that regulatory intervention is
needed, it will be too late. Just wait and see.
The "Sabam vs Scarlet"-case will be continued before the European Court of
Justice (7.02.2010)
OSCE - Role of the Internet industry in addressing hate on
the Internet (10.05.2010)
OECD - The Economic and Social Role of Internet Intermediaries (16.06.2010)
UN (Tunis Agenda) (18.11.2005)
ACTA (15.11.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
11. Recommended Reading
Action on Rights for Children (ARCH) Policy on Internet Blocking - Letter to
MEPs (15.11.2010)
LOPPSI2: Childhood protection - the Trojan horse of generalized Internet
filtering? (only in French, 15.11.2010)
Access to Knowledge for Consumers - Reports of Campaigns and Research
12. Agenda
18-19 November 2010, London, UK
Open Government Data Camp
3 December 2010, Brussels, Belgium
Taking on the data retention directive
27-30 December 2010, Berlin, Germany
27th Chaos Communication Congress (27C3)
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
Nominations open until 31 Dec 2010
13. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-10-06 20:34:50
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.19, 6 October 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.19, 6 October 2010
1. EDRi's answer to net neutrality consultation
2. Hearing on Internet Blocking in the European Parliament
3. First warning letters sent by French ISPs under the three-strikes system
4. Italy: Online editors are not liable as the printed press
5. EU concerns for US plans to increase the amount of bank transfer data
6. New EC Expert Group on the Internet of Things
7. Private data exposed on UK Law firm website
8. YouTube won a case against copyright infringement accusations in Spain
9. Phorm case sends the UK to the European Court of Justice
10. ENDitorial: Council of Europe: Bad news as it happens
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. EDRi's answer to net neutrality consultation
Who gets to decide what you do on the internet: you or your internet service
provider? Until recently, the answer was simple: you decide which services
and websites you want to visit. This is changing rapidly, however. Most
internet providers want to restrict your internet traffic. Unless the
European Commission prohibits them from doing so.
EDRi, in a common submission with its member Bits of Freedom, urged the
European Commission to prohibit this. The submission was sent as an answer
to a public consultation on net neutrality opened until 30 September 2010.
In our submission, EDRi concludes that:
- An open internet is crucial for fundamental freedoms, innovation,
and competition.
- Internet providers, however, have incentives of their own to stifle
the open internet.
- Furthermore, governments and private parties attempt to force
internet providers to stifle the open internet for the benefit of narrow
sectorial interests.
- And, in practice, internet providers do indeed stifle the open
internet for the above reasons.
- Meanwhile, transparency obligations, competition and minimum
guarantees cannot safeguard an open internet.
- Waiting is not an option, as the examples of local loop unbundling
and mobile roaming demonstrate.
- Narrowly-tailored regulatory EU measures should therefore safeguard
the open internet.
Response of Bits of Freedom and EDRi to the public consultation of the
European Commission on the open internet and net neutrality in Europe
(thanks to Ot Van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom)
2. Hearing on Internet Blocking in the European Parliament
The European Parliament's Civil Liberties Committee held a hearing on the
Child Exploitation Directive on 28 and 29 September, chaired by the
Parliament's Rapporteur, Roberta Angelilli (EPP, Italy).
The event was opened by the MEP responsible for the dossier, Ms Angelilli
herself and the Rapporteurs from the two Committees providing an "Opinion"
on the dossier - Culture (Petra Kammerevert, S+D, Germany) and Gender
Equality (Marina Yannakoudakis, ECR, UK). Ms Kammerevert reflected on the
detail of the proposal, on the need to ensure that the measure is well
targeted and that we use proper evidence to produce effective strategy. On
this basis, Ms Kammerevert argued strongly against the concept of web
blocking as an effective strategy. Ms Yannakoudakis argued that free speech
should not be a barrier when trying to protect children and blocking might
be useful and therefore should be deployed.
In the second session of the event, EU institutions and bodies gave their
views on the dossier. The interventions from the Fundamental Rights Agency
and the Deputy European Data Protection Supervisor were interesting insofar
as both highlighted the costs of blocking in terms of fundamental rights and
privacy but neither devoted a moment to question the supposed benefits. This
was even stranger when we consider that the Fundamental Rights Agency
pointed out the need to make a proper impact assessment. Ms Asenius, head of
Cabinet of Commissioner Malmstrvm  repeated the frequently myth that there
were huge profits to be made in commercial exploitation of child abuse
images. However, in the discussion period afterwards, German Green MEP Jan
Albrecht pointed out that the Commission-funded "Financial Coalition against
Child Pornography" published an up to date report in September which shows
that this is simply not the case. Ms Asenius chose not to respond. A further
valuable but answerless question was put by Vilija Blinkeviciute (S+D,
Lithuania), who asked how the Parliament was supposed to legislate without
the data needed to make an informed decision.
The session with police organisations took place at the same time as the
Civil Liberties Committee organised a vote elsewhere in the Parliament.
As a result, there were no parliamentarians at all present for most of the
speeches. Bjorn-Erik Ludvigsen accused opponents of blocking of being in
favour of child abuse while Bjorn Sellstrvm made an odd argument that
blocking would only be effective if everyone did it. From a law enforcement
perspective, it would appear to make more sense to aim motivating all
countries to prosecute crimes in their own country rather than creating
systems to hide infringements abroad.
In the final session devoted to NGOs, the UK hotline (the Internet Watch
Foundation) described the statistics produced by that organisation,
including the huge and rapid growth in the hosting of abuse material on free
hosting services (without mentioning that it is easier to have such sites
deleted than to block them), the growth in the abuse of free image hosting
sites (without mentioning that it is easier to have such images deleted than
to block them) and the growth in the proportion of websites that move very
quickly (without mentioning that these move too quickly to be blocked).
EDRi's presentation highlighted the technical inadequacies of blocking, the
risks associated with blocking and the poor preparatory work of the European
Commission. John Carr from the Commission-funded group eNACSO explained that
big companies had implemented blocking, so it couldn't be inadequate. He
added that guns could be used for good and bad purposes, so the fact that
blocking could be used for good and bad purposes did not mean that blocking
was inherently bad.
During the final discussion, Christian Bahls from MOgIS (the association of
abuse victims against blocking) argued that blocking risked damaging the
integrity of the Internet, that the issue with re-victimisation was not the
possible existence of images on the Internet but the very existence of the
images and also that it was necessary to do properly research the problem
and then produce solutions rather than the other way around.
EDRi's blocking booklet in English, German, Czech and Romanian
Text of EDRi presentation to the hearing (29.09.2010)
Video of EDRi presentation at the hearing (29.09.2010)
Commission official explains (again) the Commission's research
European Financial Coalition against commercial sexual exploitation of
children online - Report (2010)
MOgIS YouTube channel
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Internet blocking in ten weeks and counting
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. First warning letters sent by French ISPs under the three strikes system
On 1 October 2010, Bouygues Telecom and Numiricable were the
first French ISPs to send warning emails to suspected illegal file-sharers,
on behalf of Hadopi authority. According the media reports several hunderds
warning emails have been send in these first days.
After this first message, the Internet user deemed to have allegedly
continued to illegally download copyrighted content in the following six
months, will receive a second warning by a registered letter. The third
alleged infringement may be penalised by a fine and the suspension of the
user's subscription up to a year without the possibility to make another
subscription during that period.
This is how the warning letter begins: "Attention, your Internet connection
has been used to commit acts that could constitute a breach of the law,"
adding that piracy "is a serious threat to the economy of the cultural
Orange and SFR were supposed to send their first e-mails on 4 October but
there has been no communication from them until now, while Free has already
stated it would not send the e-mails, pending an answer from the Ministry of
Culture and Hadopi on its alternative method for dealing with customers,
taking the privacy concerns of the French Data Protection Authority - CNIL
into account.
The French authority on implementing the three strikes law also launched on
1 October 2010 its official website, Hadopi.fr, which includes news, a
presentation of the authority, information on "responsible usage", a forum
for questions and other types of information such as the action to take in
case of receiving a warning message from the authority.
During a press conference that took place on 5 October 2010, Hadopi
representatives did not want to comment on the launch of the warning
messages. The only comment that Hadopi president Marie-Frangoise Marais made
was that the three-strikes process was going on.
She also added that while the dialogue with the ISP Free was in progress,
Free's lack of cooperation would reflect on its users because they would not
receive an initial email warning in the event of copyright infringement but
they would receive a registered letter (the second stage) in case of
repeated infringement.
While the Hadopi.fr site has brought about a lot of sarcastic comments,
Numerama launched Hadopi-Data.fr site, a tool that will should allow the
supervision of Hadopi's activity considering that transparency is not a
strong point of the regulator.
Internet users having received a warning message may anonymously place
information on Hadopi-Data.fr regarding the date they received the warning,
the date of the alleged infringement act, the type of works in question and
their postal code. This last piece of information can be used to check out
whether there is any geographic targeting by Hadopi.
Based on the data input, Numerama intends to create graphs on the ISPs that
send the e-mails to their subscribers, on categories of works that generate
the most numerous warnings and on Hadopi's activity in time. The ammount of
data will therefore be vital in order to have a clear overview of the
La Quadrature du Net has also launched a citizen initiative trying to find
the first French Internet user to receive an e-mail initiated by Hadopi.
Threatened by attacks, Hadopi.fr opens its doors (only in French, 1.10.2010)
Hadopi-Data.fr :let's check together Hadopi's activity (only in French,
Hadopi : the first e-mails at Bouygues, SFR, Orange and Numericable? (only
in French, 4.10.2010)
Hadopi. The first warnings sent (only in French, 5.10.2010)
First Anti-Piracy Warnings Issued In France (5.10.2010)
4. Italy: Online editors are not liable as the printed press
The Italian Court of Cassation ruled in a decision taken on16 July 2010 and
published on 1 October 2010 that online editors are not directly liable for
the content published on their websites. In this case, it was considered
that art.57 of the Italian Criminal Code which requires control of newspaper
editors over the published content covers exclusively the hard copy written
The ruling overturned a previous decision of the Appeal Court of Milan
having convicted the editor of Merate Online portal for not having checked
the content of a letter that proved defamatory for Justice Minister Roberto
The Court of Cassation stated that Article 57 "refers specifically to
information disseminated through the 'press'. The letter of the law is
unequivocal and that conclusion also bears a historical interpretation of
the rule."
Law 47 from 1948 defines the 'press' as "any typographical or other
reproductions obtained by mechanical or physical-chemical way of
publication". In the court's opinion, a web publication does not fall into
the definition of the 1948 law and hence is not covered by art.57 of the
Criminal Law.
The ruling also relied on decree 70/2003 which explicitly rules out the
online service's responsibility for the content of their users in case they
are unaware of the illegal character of the respective content.
The director of a web newspaper is not liable for failing control (only in
Italian, 1.10.2010)
Cassation: The Online Editor is not "responsible" (only in Italian,
Cassation Court - Decision no. 35511 (only in Italian, 16.07. 2010)
5. EU concerns for US plans to increase the amount of bank transfer data
The EU Commission and MEPs have requested clarifications from US
Administration regarding the plans to extend existing anti-terrorism
programs targeting bank transfers which would make the EU-US so-called Swift
agreement invalid.
The Washington Post announced on 27 September 2010 that the Obama
administration wanted to require U.S. banks to report all electronic money
transfers into and out of the country thus helping the authorities in
spotting transfers that might finance terrorist attacks. The expanded
financial data would allow anti-terrorist agencies to better understand
normal money-flow patterns in order to track down abnormal activities.
According to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network's (FinCEN) rulemaking
proposal, the US Financial institutions will be required to report to the
Treasury Department the smallest transfers. Presently, only transactions in
excess of 10 000 USD and others transactions considered as suspicious are
US authorities plan to gather information about 750 million transfers per
year into a database that will be used by law enforcement and regulatory
agencies. The data attached to such transfers usually include the name,
address and account number of the sender and recipient and for money-service
businesses, a driver's license or passport number. The proposal also
requires the banks to provide the Social Security numbers for all
wire-transfer senders and recipients on an annual basis.
"By establishing a centralized database, this regulatory plan will greatly
assist law enforcement in detecting and ferreting out transnational
organized crime, multinational drug cartels, terrorist financing and
international tax evasion," was the explanation given by James H. Freis Jr.,
director of FinCEN.
FinCEN's proposal comes as a result of the requirements of the Intelligence
Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 which asked the Secretary of the
Treasury to study the feasibility of requiring such financial institutions
as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to report to the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network on certain cross-border electronic transmissions
of funds, if the Secretary determines that reporting of such transmissions
is reasonably necessary to assist the efforts of the Secretary against money
laundering and terrorist financing.
This move has created great concern in the EU. "We urgently seek
clarifications from the US if these plans are an infringement of the Swift
agreement and the EU commission promised to demand further information on
it," stated MEP Sophie in't Veld after a closed-door meeting with Commission
officials on 27 September.
Under the present Swift agreement that came into force on 1 August 2010, US
officials can request European data relevant to a specific terrorist
investigation from Swift but the request must be approved by the Europol,
EU's police co-operation unit, and has to meet certain requirements.
However, in view of the new US plans, the transactions between the European
and USA banks would be captured even if there is no substantiated need.
"We see so many data transfers - passenger name records, Swift data,
credit card information connected to the travel fee - that we are wondering
where all this ends," stated Sophie in't Veld who added "We are all getting
a bit tired of being taken by surprise all the time. The US is our friend
and ally, so we shouldn't be treated this way."
The plans are criticised in the USA as well. "This regulation is outrageous.
(....) I believe you need to show some evidence of criminality before you
are granted unfettered access to the private financial affairs of every
individual and company that dares to conduct financial transactions
overseas," said lawyer Peter Djinis, former FinCEN executive assistant
director for regulatory policy.
Money transfers could face anti-terrorism scrutiny (27.09.2010)
FinCEN Proposes Regulatory Requirement for Financial Institutions to Report
Cross-Border Electronic Transmittals of Funds (27.09.2010)
MEPs demand explanation on US plan to monitor all money transfers
6. New EC Expert Group on the Internet of Things
On 22 and 23 September 2010 the kick-off meeting of a new European
Commission (EC) High Level Expert Group on the Internet of Things was held
in Brussels. The group is made up of about 50 members representing
organisations from industry, standardisation, research, civil society and
other sectors. Representatives from member states, the European Data
Protection Supervisor and the Article 29 Working Party participate in the
group as observers.
The group will operate until December 2012. According to the action plan
described in the Communication of the European Commission "Internet of
Things - An action plan for Europe" the group will work on governance,
privacy and data protection, standards and interoperability, health and
environment and other topics related to the development of an Internet of
With regard to privacy and data protection the concept of the right to the
"silence of the chips", which defines that everybody should have the right
to disconnect oneself from information technology, will be among the topics
to be discussed in the group.
Besides the Commission Communication, the report of the European Parliament,
the Opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee, the Opinion of
the Committee of the Regions on the Internet of Things and the Opinion of
the European Data Protection Supervisor on Promoting Trust in the
Information Society by Fostering Data Protection and Privacy will be
important documents guiding the work of the group.
EDRi has been invited by the European Commission to participate in the
Expert Group and is looking forward to working with the Commission, the
members and observers of the group on the framework for an Internet of
Things being an Internet for the people.
Commission Communication "Internet of Things - An action plan for Europe"
European Parliament resolution of 15 June 2010 on the Internet of Things
(2009/2224(INI)) (15.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: EP calls for a clear legal framework for the Internet of Things
Opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee on "The Internet of
Opinion of the Committee of the Regions on the Internet of Things and re-use
of Public Sector Information
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on Promoting Trust in the
Information Society by Fostering Data Protection and Privacy (19.03.2010)
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
7. Private data exposed on UK Law firm website
On 24 September 2010, the website of the UK Law Firm ACS:Law suffered a
massive breach of security apparently under a Denial of Service attack
initiated by a group entitled Anonymous within the Operation Payback, which
led to the exposure of what seemed to be part of the internal email database
of the website.
Although the ISP hosting ACS:Law's website suspended the account right after
the attack, the site became active again, without any apparent reason,
pointing to the root directory of the web and revealing a folder containing
an archived backup of the company's mailboxes. The content of the folder was
downloaded and posted on Pirate Bay.
ACS:Law has been well known lately for the threatening letters sent to
alleged file sharers suspected of breaching copyright asking them to pay
money in order to avoid going to court. The company was already referred by
privacy groups to the Solicitors Disciplinary Group for "bullying and
excessive conduct" at the beginning of September 2010.
The data exposed by the attack appear to include among other things, an
excel file attached to an e-mail sent by Andrew Crossly, head of ACS:Law, to
his colleagues, including the names and addresses of apparently more than
10 000 broadband subscribers with the names of the movies allegedly
downloaded by them in breach of copyright.
As a result of the event, Privacy International (PI) has announced that it
was blaming ACS:Law for the indicent and that it was planning to bring a
legal action against the company for breaching the privacy of internet
users. PI has also notified the UK Data protection authority - Information
Commissioner's Office (ICO) on the matter.
"... there is no evidence to suggest that the web server was compromised; it
would seem that this data breach was purely down to poor server
administration and a lack of suitable data protection and security
technologies. there is no evidence to suggest that the web server was
compromised; it would seem that this data breach was purely down to poor
server administration and a lack of suitable data protection and security
technologies," says PI in a press release issued on 27 September.
Information Commissioner Christopher Graham took the matter seriously and
told the BBC that he would investigate the matter which might be a chance
for him to use the extra powers he has been recently granted. ACS:Law might
face a very significant fine.
"The Information Commissioner has significant power to take action and I can
levy fine of up to half a million pounds on companies that flout the Data
Protection Act," said the Commissioner.
The ICO will investigate on the security of the information stored by
ACS:Law and on how easy it was to access it. "We'll be asking about the
adequacy of encryption, the firewall, the training of staff and why that
information was so public facing," said the Commissioner.
ACS:Law Email Database Leaked onto The Pirate Bay (24.09.2010)
Law firm could face first  data leak fine (29.09.2010)
Privacy International Plans Legal Action Against ACS:Law (27.09.2010)
PI aims to pursue UK law firm for data breach (27.09.2010)
EDRi-gram: UK: Harassing innocent users for copyright infringement
8. YouTube won a case against copyright infringement accusations in Spain
Google has won a battle against Spanish broadcaster Telecinco which brought
the company to court in June 2008 claiming that the company's service
YouTube was liable for the copyrighted material posted by its users.
Spanish Commercial Court no.7 of Madrid ruled against Telecino, following
the EU E-commerce directive which says that a website is responsible for the
content uploaded by its users only if a notification of allegedly copyright
infringing content is made. Once the notification is received, the website
has to remove the respective content.
Telecino claimed that Youtube already had procedures in place for copyright
owners to identify and notify the website of any videos that allegedly
breach copyright but Google argued that screening material before it was
made available would be an impossible action.
"This decision demonstrates the wisdom of European laws. More than 24 hours
of video are loaded on to YouTube every minute. If internet sites had to
screen all videos, photos and text before allowing them on a website, many
popular sites - not just YouTube, but Facebook, Twitter, MySpace and
others - would grind to a halt," was Aaron Ferstman's comment on Google;s
European public policy blog.
Google has also been careful to reaffirm that it respects copyright laws:
"We are very pleased with today's ruling. The win today confirms what we
have said throughout this process: YouTube complies with the law. The ruling
recognises that YouTube is merely an intermediary content-hosting service
and therefore cannot be obliged to pre-screen videos before they are
Telecino, which was bound to pay for the trial expenses, stated that the
judge's decision was only trying to avoid "taking a decision that would have
placed in checkmate the national and international trade of YouTube and its
owner Google" and that it intended to defend itself from the attacks against
its rights and to appeal to superior legal courts.
Spanish court throws out copyright infringement claims against Youtube
YouTube wins against Telecinco in the tribunal(only in Spanish, 23.09.2010)
Google wins YouTube case in Spain (23.09.2010)
A big win for the Internet (23.09.2010)
9. Phorm case sends the UK to the European Court of Justice
The European Commission announced that it has referred the UK to the
European Court of Justice for an improper implementation of EU data
protection rules, following several complaints in the Phorm case.
The Commission received complaints from the UK citizens about Phorm that
worked by checking out the web traffic between an ISP client and the sites
it visits.
This form of behavioural advertising by ISPs (targeted advertising based on
prior analysis of users' internet traffic) was reported by
EDRi-member Open Rights Group and others NGOs to the UK Data Protection
Authority - Information Commissioner's Office.
British Telecom ran in 2006 and 2007 two secret trials of deep-packet
inspection technology on its broadband customers, without informing them.
The European Commission started the legal action against the UK in April
2009 and sent another warning in October 2009 asking the British authorities
to properly implement the Data Protection Directive and the ePrivacy
Now, the Commission has referred UK to the European Court of Justice for
failing to "ensure the confidentiality of the communications and related
traffic data by prohibiting unlawful interception and surveillance" and to
implement in the UK law the definition of consent as the "freely given,
specific and informed indication of a person's wishes".
Digital Agenda: Commission refers UK to Court over privacy and personal data
protection (30.09.2010)
EU takes Britain to court over online data protection (30.09.2010)
EU taking UK to court for privacy deficiencies highlighted by Phorm
EDRi-gram: UK: Phorm threat (28.01.2009)
10. ENDitorial: Council of Europe: Bad news as it happens
The third Council of Europe (CoE) Committee of experts on new media (MC-NM),
held on 27-28 September 2010 in Strasbourg, is likely to dampen enthusiasm.
To start with, the current vice-chair Michael Truppe is leaving the group
to hold another position on the Austrian scene. With his knowledge of the
group issues and his vision of an Internet upholding Human Rights, Michael
Truppe has been instrumental to many achievements of the MC-S-IS group
(MC-NM predecessor), especially with regards to the 'Recommendation on
measures to promote the respect for freedom of expression and information
with regard to Internet filters', adopted by the CoE Committee of Ministers
in 2008. During MC-NM works, he also brought a major contribution to the
draft Declaration on Network Neutrality.
However, and this is the second bad news, such draft texts may see important
modifications before they became adopted, since they first go through the
parent body, the Steering Committee on Media and New Communication Services
(CDMC) and only then are submitted to the CoE Committee of Ministers for
adoption. This is what regrettably happened to the CoE Declaration on
Network Neutrality (NN), adopted on 29 September 2010. While the draft,
though being simply a Declaration, was an encouraging political stand from
the CoE on NN, the adopted text looks like a spineless document that,
actually, doesn't bring much to the issue.
Where the draft called for "unobstructed" access for users to internet-based
content, applications and services of their choice, the adopted text
contents itself with "greatest possible access". One might wonder what this
could ever mean, when such access possibilities are confronted to both the
greediness of network operators, ISPs and online service providers and the
breaches of human rights and fundamental freedoms by governments!
Furthermore, the CDMC added a provision in reference to the EU Telecom
Package adopted in 2009, following a request from one of the EU Member
States. The document was finalised some days before the end of the Spanish
presidency. In summary, this dilution makes the Declaration on Net
Neutrality a squandered opportunity for the CoE, as well as for all those
who see the democratic issues at stake with NN, rather than simply a need to
ensure transparency for consumers and fair competition in a market being, in
any event, dominated by few companies.
The third bad news derives from management decisions by the CDMC leading to
fewer human resources for its subordinated groups, at least the MC-NM.
Concretely, this means that the MC-NM work on draft Recommendations
regarding both search engines and social networks, in view of ensuring the
respect for privacy and freedom of expression in these sectors, is now in
stand-by mode, while the priority is given to the least advanced work, that
is the draft Recommendation on a new notion of media.
This decision to postpone the completion of the almost finished work on
search engines and social networks is very unfortunate, given that both
issues are very timely and involve major stakes in terms of fundamental
rights and freedoms, although it is granted that discussing the extension of
the notion of media - and, as a corollary, of the application of the media
laws - to new media and the web2.0 services is of utmost importance.
This is indeed a democratic issue, as the discussion during last MC-NM
meeting has highlighted: if YouTube was considered a media, could it be
blocked for more than 2 years now by a CoE Member State, namely Turkey,
which has to comply with freedom of the media? If so-called 'citizen
journalism' platforms were considered as media, shouldn't they operate under
principles such as that of the protection of sources and the right to reply
and a the same time be subject to some professional standards? Should
bloggers be granted the status of journalists and under which conditions?
When Google is found liable by French courts for the third time, because of
its 'Google Suggest' service, on the basis that Google does indeed add a
human intervention in some cases, does it exert an editorial interference or
does it simply take action to protect its own interests? Should the online
service market domination by a handful of vertically integrated
multinational companies be considered as dangerous media concentration or as
a dominant market position? In one word, should these services be regulated
by media laws or by e-commerce laws?
One can easily understand that the issue is complex, should be approached
with particular caution, and needs very rigorous definition of criteria to
identify under which conditions web2.0 services should be considered as
media. The third MC-NM meeting dedicated almost its two days to this
discussion, as the necessary prerequisite to come up with any Recommendation
on the status of new media. Obviously, by no mean this could be reasonably
completed by the end of the year or even earlier as requested by CDMC: such
haste could only be harmful when human rights, democracy and freedom of the
media are at stake.
Last but unfortunately not least of the bad news series is related to the
developments of the Cross-border Internet group (MC-S-CI). This group is
also subordinated to the CDMC, but, contrarily to the case of MC-NM, is
formed by, literally, a handful of individual experts (5 persons!) picked up
by CDMC members, in view of nothing less than drafting a Convention, i.e. a
Treaty... EDRi was granted the observer status to this group. However, an
observer can only observe formal (i.e. announced and open) meetings, while
the individual experts seem to have opted for "informal meetings", whatever
this could mean.
As a matter of fact, after a single formal meeting on 1-2 March 2010, which
EDRi unfortunately missed, the MC-S-CI apparently led to prolific
achievements: two draft CoE Declarations on, respectively, the Digital
Agenda for Europe (indicating some extensive interpretation of MC-S-CI terms
of reference) and the management of the Internet protocol address resources
in the public interest (both adopted by the Committee of Ministers on 29
September) and even a draft standard-setting instrument. Regarding the
latter, a conceptual framework document was ready for presentation and
discussion at a workshop during the 2010 EuroDIG meeting in Madrid on 28-29
April and the draft instrument itself was circulated at a 2010 IGF workshop
in Vilnius on 14-17 September (where the approach and provisions faced a lot
of criticism). One would certainly bow before such intense productivity, if
the situation were not raising important democratic concerns in terms of
transparency and accountability.
When considering, on top of this, the fact that most of the experts are
ICANN insiders, the concerns can only grow, especially since the only human
rights expert from the group has now resigned. As a matter of fact, the
MC-S-CI group also has, in the mean time, prepared another draft Declaration
on "enhanced participation in Internet governance matters - Governmental
Advisory Committee (GAC) of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and
Numbers (ICANN)" (adopted by the Committee of Ministers on 26 May 2010), and
has been instrumental in having the CoE secretariat participating to the
GAC's activities, first as observer and later if possible by contributing to
GAC Secretariat. The diffusion of CoE values of human rights, democracy and
the rule of law to IGF and ICANN would certainly improve the latter two in
terms of process and substance. However, if MC-S-CI developments continue
behind the scene as they currently show, there is a high risk that the
contrary might happen, with the CoE being contaminated by the numerous flaws
IGF and ICANN have demonstrated so far, as widely analysed in the academic
and grey literature, as well as by various NGOs inside and outside these
In conclusion of this list of deep concerns, the only good news is probably
the fact that the MC-S-NR group (Group Protection of Neighbouring Rights of
Broadcasting Organisations) has not yet started its work, waiting for the
European Commission to be mandated to negotiate, within the CoE framework, a
Convention on the protection of neighbouring rights of broadcasting
organisations (a.k.a. the resurrection of the broadcasting Treaty, formerly
killed at WIPO).
CDMC and subordinated subgroups public websites
Recommendation CM/Rec(2008)6 of the Committee of Ministers to member states
on measures to promote the respect for freedom of expression and information
with regard to Internet filters, (26.03.2008)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: CoE - The Good, The Bad And The Ugly (09.04.2008)
CoE Declaration of the Committee of Ministers on network neutrality
EDRi-gram: New Media, Search Engines And Network Neutrality On 2010 CoE
Agenda (07.04.2010)
CoE Declaration of the Committee of Ministers on the Digital Agenda for
Europe (29.09.2010)
CoE Declaration of the Committee of Ministers on the management of the
Internet protocol address resources in the public interest (29.09.2010)
EURODIG workshop on "Sovereignty of states and the role and obligations of
governments in the global multi-stakeholder Internet environment"
IGF workshop on "a proposal for setting a standard of care in international
law for cross-border Internet" (14.09.2010)
CoE Declaration of the Committee of Ministers on enhanced participation in
Internet governance matters - Governmental Advisory Committee (GAC) of the
Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) (26.05.2010)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Undead Wipo Treaty Resurrected In Council Of Europe
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, French EDRi-member IRIS)
11. Recommended Action
I call on Commissioner Malmstrvm to withdraw on her initiative of
website blocking.
Instead of employing the same techniques as China and other totalitarian
regimes, I call on the European Commission to improve law enforcement
cooperation both inside the European Union and with outside partners, to
ensure swift deletion of child porn websites as well as an effective and
determined prosecution of the perpetrators.
12. Recommended Reading
Ian Brown: Communications Data Retention in an Evolving Internet
French Telecom regulator (ARCEP) has published ten proposals and
recommendations for promoting a neutral and high quality Internet.
13. Agenda
8-9 October 2010, Berlin, Germany
The 3rd Free Culture Research Conference
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law.
5-7 November 2010, Cologne, Germany
Transparency, Work, Surveillance
Joint Annual Meeting of FIfF and DVD
5-7 November 2010, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
Submission deadline for Full Papers and Position Papers: 16 November 2010
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2010-10-20 21:49:24
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.20, 20 October 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.20, 20 October 2010
1. Guidelines for more rigorous respect of the Fundamental Rights Charter
2. Facebook applications raise new privacy concerns again
3. French DNS management must respect constitutional freedoms
4. Danish tax authorities want to mirror hard disks of private companies
5. Informal discussion in European Parliament on net neutrality
6. Lives put at risk by communications data retention
7. European Commission high-level discussions on data protection
8. UK Government will introduce an open data licence
9. Spanish DPA opens infringement procedures for Google Streetview
10. ENDitorial: Irish court rejects music industry demands for three strikes
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Guidelines for more rigorous respect of the Fundamental Rights Charter
The European Commission has adopted a strategy which is aimed at ensuring
that the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights is respected at every stage of the
EU legislative process. At the initiative of Commissioner Reding, the
intention is to create a template to make it easier for the Commission to
measure its own respect for the Charter and, by extension, to give the
public a clearer yardstick by which to measure the actions of the
As is Commissioner Reding's trademark, the Communication is very ambitious,
arguing that the "Union must be exemplary" in matters of fundamental rights
and demands that "the Charter must serve as compass for the Union's
policies and their implementation by the Member States."
Since the adoption of the Lisbon Treaty, which made the Charter legally
binding, all Commissioners took a personal oath to respect the Charter.
However, in the absence of a methodology to incorporate this into policy
development, the Commission has struggled to "mainstream" this new element
of legislative development into all of its activities. For example, when the
Commission re-tabled the draft Framework Decision on Child Exploitation, it
changed the proposal in a way which, according to its own impact assessment,
was contrary to the European Convention on Fundamental Rights (the
"meaning and rights" of which are incorporated into the Charter).
One of the clearest pedagogical elements of the Communication is a
"Fundamental Rights 'Check List'", listing the questions that the Commission
must ask at each stage of the legislative process when assessing the
possible impact of the proposed legislation. This is to be repeated at each
step of all legislative processes, from preparatory consultations thorough
the impact assessment process and the legislative process. This includes,
"using all means at its disposal" to fight noncompliant amendments tabled by
other institutions.
It is, unfortunately, very obvious that the Communication will not solve all
or even most of the failures of the Commission with regard to respect for
fundamental rights protected by the Charter and Convention of Fundamental
Rights. However, it is also clear that the Communication establishes a new
and very clear set of standards and guidelines against which the Commission
can now be measured. This is an important step in the right direction and a
significant achievement by Commissioner Reding.
European Commission adopts strategy to ensure respect for EU Charter of
Fundamental Rights (19.10.2010)
European Commission Communication - Strategy for the effective
implementation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights by the European Union
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Facebook applications raise new privacy concerns again
Facebook continues to raise concerns related to the privacy of its users'
personal data. According to an investigation made by Wall Street Journal
(WSJ), Facebook applications such as FarmVille have been supplying
identifying information of its users to several online advertising and
tracking companies.
Already in May 2010 it was revealed that under certain circumstances, when a
user was clicking on an ad, Facebook was transmitting its ID codes that were
used to look up individual profiles, including the user's real name, age,
hometown and other data. Although Facebook has interrupted the practice, it
has now come Facebook applications were doing the same practice.
The practice affects millions of users including those who have placed their
data under the strictest privacy settings. According to WSJ, at least ten of
the most popular Facebook applications also transmitted personal information
about the user's friends to external companies.
Two Facebook users from California, David Gould and Mike Robertson, have
filed a federal lawsuit against the social network for allegedly sharing
their real names and other private information with some advertisers,
considering Facebook was thus in direct violation of the federal law that
protects the privacy of electronic communications, the California
computer-crime law as well as the company's own privacy policy.
"A Facebook user ID may be inadvertently shared by a user's Internet browser
or by an application," stated a spokesman from Facebook on 16 October 2010,
who added that the company would introduce new technology to address the
According to the company, there is no basis for the law suit. As a Facebook
user's ID is a public part of any Facebook profile, anyone can use this
number to look up a person's name, by using a standard Web browser, even if
that person has posted Facebook information as private. Facebook IDs reveal
information that the users have set to share with everyone.
Most applications on Facebook are created by independent software developers
and it is not yet clear whether their developers knew that their
applications were transmitting Facebook ID numbers. The applications use a
common Web standard, known as a "referer" which passes on the address of the
last page viewed when a user clicks on a link. On Facebook and other
social-networking sites, referers can expose a user's identity.
While the supporters of online tracking argue that this kind of surveillance
is benign when being carried out anonymously, WSJ has found out that
RapLeaf, a data-collection firm, had linked Facebook users' ID information
obtained from applications to its own database of Internet users. The
company is selling its database and has transmitted Facebook IDs to several
other firms.
"We didn't do it on purpose," stated Joel Jewitt, vice president of business
development for RapLeaf.
After being contacted by the WSJ, Facebook has changed its system so that
the ID codes are no longer sent to other websites and has apparently also
shut down some applications transmitting user IDs. Since 15 October, the
users having tried to access certain applications have received an error
message being reverted to Facebook's home screen.
"We have taken immediate action to disable all applications that violate our
terms," a Facebook spokesman said.
Facebook in Privacy Breach (18.10.2010)
Facebook apps 'leaking details to advertisers' (18.10.2010)
Facebook Faces Suit Over Earlier Breach (17.10.2010)
EDRi-gram: Facebook under pressure for not observing its privacy principles
3. French DNS management must respect constitutional freedoms
In a ruling issued on 6 October 2010, the French Constitutional Council
affirmed the constitutional value of domain names. According to this
decision, which applies to the whole French DNS, a domain name attribution,
renewal, transfer or cancellation process must not only respect intellectual
property rights, but also freedom of expression and freedom of
The ruling was issued in the framework of a new procedure, that allows
questioning the constitutionality of an existing law in the course of legal
proceedings related to the application of the given law. In this case, the
plaintiff was questioning the constitutionality of article L.45 of the
French Posts and Electronic Communication Code, adopted in 2004 as part of
the French law on trust in the digital economy ('Loi pour la confiance dans
l'iconomie numirique' or LCEN). This article provides that the French Domain
Name System (DNS) registries are appointed by the government; that each
French ccTLD is managed by a unique registry; and that the government
ensures that domain names are attributed by these registries "in view of the
general interest, according to non discriminatory rules made publicly
available and ensuring the respect, by the domain name holder, of
intellectual property rights".
The ruling follows the plaintiff argument that the article in question
was infringing Article 34 of the Constitution which provides, inter alia,
that "law shall lay down the basic principles of (...) systems of ownership,
property rights and civil and commercial obligations". Therefore, due to the
absence of precise enough safeguards, Article L.45 of the French Posts and
Electronic Communication Code gives the Administration and the designed
registries too much latitude regarding the management of the French DNS. In
particular, the Constitutional Council found that, as currently defined, the
law indeed protects intellectual property rights but neither freedom of
expression nor freedom of entrepreneurship, since the last two may be
restricted by the registry through denial of a domain name registration or
renewal, or through its transfer or cancellation.
AFNIC, the main French registry, manages the .fr as well as .re (Riunion
Island), .pm (Saint-Pierre and Miquelon), .tf (French Southern and Antarctic
Territories), .wf (Wallis and Futuna) and .yt (Mayotte). Other French ccTLDs
are managed by different registries; .mq (Martinique), .gp (Guadeloupe) and
.gf (French Guiana) are delegated to registrars; while.nc (New Caledonia)
and .pf (French Polynesia) are administrated by the respective territories.
The ccTLDs of the two other French territories (Saint Barthelemy and Saint
Martin) have no assigned registries yet, and the corresponding domains (.bl
and .mf) are not yet present in the root zone. All these registries have to
comply with the provision of Article L.45 of the French Posts and Electronic
Communication Code.
As a result of this decision, the law should now be amended by 1 July
2011. The Constitutional Council gave this delay in order to avoid a major
disruption that would otherwise threaten the legal continuity and security
of the French domain name space. After this deadline, any decision from the
government and/or from the registries designed pursuant to current Article
L.45 of the French Posts and Electronic Communication Code would be deemed
It must be noted that this ruling only concerns registries designated by the
French government, according to the provisions having been found
unconstitutional. It does not extend to any other ccTLD than that of the
French national territory, nor to any gTLD. Furthermore, the Constitutional
Council decision has no impact on the question of whether the registration
of a domain name implies any property rights over this name or only the
right to use this name for the registration period.
However, and this is the major outcome of this decision, such a ruling may
be seen as a breakthrough from a political point of view for all those who
consider domain names as one of the means of freedom of expression and
communication in the digital environment.
French Constitutional Council decision and related dossier (only in French,
AFNIC (.fr registry) webiste
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, French EDRI-member IRIS)
4. Danish tax authorities want to mirror hard disks of private companies
A new proposed law would allow the Danish tax authorities to simply mirror
entire hard disks of companies without a court order and before they have a
reason to suspect the company  has engaged in unlawful activities.
The proposal adds the following two paragraphs to the law of tax auditing
(unofficial translation):
"Paragraph. 6. Customs and tax administration can make identical
electronic copies (mirrors) of the content of electronic media that
falls under the control of the customs and tax administrations, and can
take the copied material away for subsequent review. The copied material
must be deleted, if the customs and tax administration determines
that the material does not contain information that is relevant for the
control exercised by the customs and tax administration. However, if the
customs and tax agency decides to proceed with the case, the copied
material must be deleted only after the case is finally decided.
Paragraph. 7. The minister of taxation determines, after submission to
the National Board of Taxation, further rules regarding the customs and
tax administration's right to make identical electronic copies (mirrors)
of the data content of electronic media, that are part of an inspection,
including rules on the retention and deletion of the copied material. "
In the comments to the proposal, the issue of proportionality in relation
to the Human Rights Convention article 8.2 is discussed. It was concluded
that since the tax authorities will only use mirroring in cases where
they would otherwise not get the necessary information, and only after
they have determined in each case that less drastic measures would not
be sufficient, then the impact on the individuals subject to the control
is limited.
The tax authorities argue the law will make their job easier, they
promise not to abuse their new powers, and are willing to make
adjustments if the consultation should point out minor problems.
The proposal from the liberal/conservative government is supported by
the largest opposition party, the Social Democrats, as Nick Hfkkerup said to
Berlingske newspaper. He wants to ensure that the mirrors are only used
for taxation, with the exception that if the tax authorities happen to
discover child abuse images, it should be reported to the police.
Conversely, the proposal has met hard criticism from the Danish Data
Protection Agency, major medias, think tank CEPOS, blogs, etc.
Draft law (only in Danish, 1.09.2010)
Civil liberty under pressure (only in Danish, 4.10.2010)
Tax authorities requires free access to the hard disk (only in Danish,
Politicians welcomed the mirroring (only in Danish, 4.10.2010)
(Contribution by Niels Elgaard Larsen, EDRI-member IT-POL Denmark)
5. Informal discussion in European Parliament on net neutrality
For possibly the first time since the adoption of the "telecoms package", an
informal discussion on the issue of "net neutrality" took place at a
breakfast meeting hosted by Catherine Trautmann MEP. This happened ahead of
upcoming the net neutrality "summit" planned to take place in the European
None of the positions defended by the industry or consumer representatives
were particularly surprising, with Telefonica arguing that the "nightmare"
of increased demands of their services had to be responded to by increased
"management". In the same way as roads are not built to cope with maximum
possible demands, it would be wasteful to build networks to have enough
capacity to cope with maximum demand. Skype argued that the virtuous circle
created by the open Internet, whereby openness fosters innovation which
attracts more users, which increases the incentives to innovate, must be
protected. Skype and the European Consumers Bureau (BEUC) argued that
research shows clearly that transparency is insufficient to protect
consumers from non-neutral access providers because of the difficulties
involved in changing broadband providers.
The Commission said that there were over 300 responses to the recently
closed net neutrality consultation and that the priority was to ensure a
level playing field and to avoid fragmentation. The issue of deep packet
inspection, which BEUC said should be banned, was avoided by the Commission,
which argued that other technologies "must be possible".
During the debate, both Ivailo Kalfin (S+D, Bulgaria) and Edit Herczog (S+D,
Hungary) briefly raised the thorny issue of content regulation, presumably
because increased interference with citizens' communications for business
purposes will make it harder for access providers to avoid caving in to
demands to restrict or monitor access to data on the basis of government
requests or media pressure. Telefonica (whose subsidiary O2 accidentally
blocked the entirely innocent Imgur website because the "technology behind
the service is more far reaching than anticipated and on occasion a site
which should not be blocked may be") said that it was not interested in
censoring online material.
EDRi response to Commission consultation on net neutrality (30.09.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
6. Lives put at risk by communications data retention
A report published on 8 October 2010 by German civil liberties activists
reveals that human lives are put at risk by the retention of all
telecommunication data.
According to the report, the data retention policy has endangered scientific
research, caused unemployment, encouraged corruption, promoted the abuse of
personal data and hindered the prosecution of crime.
The report gives examples of cases when the registration of communication
data failed to help the police in stopping criminals and how criminals might
have used more discreet ways of communicating and internet cafes to disguise
the origin and destination of messages.
Crisis lines have also been hindered in their work to persuade potential
perpetrators not to commit violent crimes by the traceability of anonymous
Already a 2009 study showed that the communications data retention law had
resulted in 12.8% of those surveyed already using an anonymisation
service, 6.4% moving to a service provider that didn't store data and
5.1% using internet cafis, The report also revealed that journalists had
lost their sources for fear of being traced.
The legislation also opened the door to abuse. In 2006, a T-Mobile co-worker
sold a database containing the personal data of 17 million customers,
including private addresses and secret numbers of politicians, ministers, an
ex-federal president, industrial leaders, billionaires and religious
"Even if one investigation was facilitated by collecting all call details,
the policy has frustrated many other investigations and put human lives at
risk," stated the Working Group on Data Retention adding: "Blanket and
indiscriminate recording of details on every phone call, e-mail and internet
connection was useless for the prosecution of crime and totally
In June 2010, more than 100 organisations (including EDRi) from 23
European countries sent a letter to EU Commissioners Malmstrvm, Reding and
Kroes asking for the data retention law to be repealed and be replaced by "a
system of expedited preservation and targeted collection of traffic data".
Communications data retention puts human lives at risk! (8.10.2010)
Data retention boosts crime, says civil liberties group (8.10.2010)
Liberties Groups' Report (only in German, 13.10.2010)
Civil society calls for an end to compulsory telecommunications data
retention (28.06.2010)
EDRi-gram: German civil society calls for a definitive end to telecom data
retention (21.04.2010)
7. European Commission high-level discussions on data protection
Commissioner Reding recently invited a wide variety of representatives from
industry, civil society, academia and law enforcement bodies to a high-level
meeting in the European Commission headquarters in Brussels. The dossier is
clearly a major priority for Ms Reding, who was very keen to discuss the
minutiae of the legislation with experts.
One of the most interesting elements of the discussions was the apparently
unanimous agreement across all stakeholders that the current data protection
regime is fragmented, ineffective and out of date. This environment
unfortunately leads to civil society groups and industry representatives
argue about jurisdiction rules when a key reason that jurisdiction is a
major issue is not jurisdiction itself, it is incoherence in implementation
of the Directive that makes both citizens and business afraid of having to
interact with foreign authorities with varying and sometimes unpredictable
interpretations of the Directive.
Industry speakers were also keen to reduce bureaucracy - one representative
said that the move of a data centre from Germany to the Switzerland costs
half a million euro in data protection-related legal fees. A number of
industry speakers were in favour of more detailed ex post checks and a
reduction in ex ante obligations. The Commission is clearly open to finding
ways of reducing the bureaucracy involved in data protection, although no
public statement has been made yet on what that could mean in practice.
The next stage in this process will be the publication next week of a
Communication by the European Commission establishing the broad direction
that the Commission intends to take with regard to updating existing
elements of the Directive and broadening the scope to a take account of the
Lisbon Treaty, which brings the former "third pillar" (police and judicial
cooperation) within the scope of the Treaty. One interesting question is
whether the Commission will seriously consider proposing a Regulation
(directly applicable on all Member States) as a way of overcoming the
current fragmentation in the implementation of the Directive.
European Commission Data Protection:
EDRi response to the first round of consultations (23.12.2009)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
8. UK Government will introduce an open data licence
A perpetual, royalty-free licence called Open Government Licence (OGL)
allowing the re-use of Governmental and public information will be
introduced by the UK Government.
"The Government grants a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual and
non-exclusive licence under the conditions laid out in the OGL. The OGL
governs the re-use of public sector information, including material produced
by government departments, Parliaments, agencies, local authorities and
Trading Funds, but excludes personal data," is the government's statement.
According to the National Archives the licence will replace the present
Click-Use Licence and will also cover Crown Copyright, databases and source
codes. Moreover, OGL will not require the registration of users or a formal
application to get permission to re-use data.
The licence is meant to make governmental activities more transparent and to
enable and encourage the civil society and private sector to re-use this
information, assisting them in promoting creative and innovative activities.
It will be machine readable and therefore flexible, being able to work in
parallel with other licensing models recognised internationally such as
Creative Commons.
"We believe (transparency) is the best way for the public to hold
politicians and public bodies to account, encourage innovation and deliver
better value for money in public spending," said Francis Maude, Minister for
the Cabinet Office.
The types of information to be used and re-used will cover "non-personal
information collected and produced by government and the public sector,
including works subject to copyright and database right (much of this
information will be accessible on public sector web sites or already
published by the public sector), previously unpublished datasets released by
the public sector on portals, such as data.gov.uk and original and open
source software and source code."
The Government has also issued a framework governing the use of the licence
by Government departments and other public bodies.
"The UK Government Licensing Framework (UKGLF) provides a policy and legal
overview for licensing the re-use of public sector information both in
central government and the wider public sector. It sets out best practice,
standardises the licensing principles for government information and
recommends the use of the UK Open Government Licence (OGL) for public sector
The framework makes it compulsory for central Government departments and
agencies to use the OGL for their freely available public information and is
intended to meet the needs and interests of community groups and social
organisations, the information re-user community in the private sector and
civil society and the public data developer community.
Government publishes open data license (7.10.2010)
UK Government Licensing Framework for public sector information
EDRi-gram: New governmental usage of open licenses in the Netherlands and UK
9. Spanish DPA opens infringement procedures for Google Streetview
The Spanish Data Protection Agency (AEPD) has opened an infringement
proceeding against Google after completing the preliminary inspection
activities which started in May on the collection and storage without
consent of Wi-Fi networks location data and traffic data associated with
them (payload) by the vehicles used to photograph streets of several Spanish
cities, for the company's Street View application.
Moreover, once the infringement proceeding has been initiated, the AEPD has
forwarded to the court the final inspection report, and according to the
Administrative Procedure law, has adjourned the proceedings, pending the
outcome of criminal proceedings in which the company is involved in the
Court of Instruction No. 45 of Madrid.
The opening of an infringement proceeding by the Spanish Data Protection
Agency follows the conclusion of the investigations carried out by the
AEPD's inspection, which have revealed the presence of signs of a total of
five violations -two serious and three very serious- of the Spanish Data
Protection Act. Two of them are attributable to Google in its capacity as
responsible for providing the service and designing the software that
collects data for the Street View service. The other three are attributable
to Google Spain, as Google representatives in Spain are responsible for
collecting and storing the data in Spain and for transferring
it to the United States.
Specifically, the investigations carried out by the Spanish
DPA have verified the collection and storage by Google vehicles of
personal data of various types transmitted through open Wi-Fi networks.
Between the typology of personal data transmitted through these Wi- Fi
networks, the AEPD has established the collection and storage by Google of
email addresses, with names and surnames, addresses associated with email
messages or instant messaging, access to social network accounts and
websites or user names and passwords with personal data identifying its
owners and, in some cases, allowing access to special sensitive data, among
Furthermore, the investigation established the collection by Google of
location and identification data of wireless networks, such as SSID,
identifiers or names of the Wi-Fi network, that in some cases, contains the
real name of the subscriber, and the MAC addresses- that identify the
router, connected devices and the geographic position in which they were
In addition, it has been established the international transfer of personal
data by Google to United States, without demonstrating the compliance of the
guarantees provided by the Data Protection Act that authorizes the
international transfers.
In this regard, the decision starting the infringement proceedings charges
both Google Spain and Google Inc with the commission of serious violations
of the Organic Act 15/1999 - subject to fines from 60 000 euro to 300 000
euro each - due to the processing of personal data without the consent of
the data subject, as well as very serious violations of collecting
and processing of personal data with special protection or without the
explicit consent of the data subject, as stated by the Data Protection Act.
Also, Google Spain is charged with another very serious violation of the
Organic Law because of the international transfer of data to the United
States of America without the guarantees foreseen by the Data Protection
By virtue of section 7 of the Royal Decree 1398/1993, the Spanish Data
Protection Agency had to adjourn the administrative proceedings because of
the criminal proceedings started by the First-instance Court number 45 of
Once the criminal proceedings are finalised, the Spanish Data Protection
Agency will resume the administrative proceedings in accordance with the
legal procedural rules, In that sense, the affected entities will have a
term for bringing pleadings or evidence, before the final resolution of the
Authority deciding on the infringements and on their legal categorisation is
Press release in Spanish (18.10.2010)
(Thanks to Spanish DPA Press Release)
10. ENDitorial: Irish court rejects music industry demands for three strikes
On 11 October 2010, Mr. Justice Peter Charleton of the Irish High Court gave
judgment in EMI and Others v. UPC , rejecting music industry claims that
broadband provider UPC was responsible under Irish law for policing their
users and preventing copyright infringement by them.
In this case, EMI, Sony, Universal, Warner and WEA sought an injunction
which would require UPC to introduce a three strikes system and to block
users' access to The Pirate Bay. This followed the music industry's success
in an earlier case against Eircom (Ireland's largest ISP). In that case,
Eircom settled and agreed to establish a three strikes system and not to
oppose the application to court to block access to The Pirate Bay. In two
subsequent decisions arising from that settlement, Charleton J. held that
(a) the court had the power to order Eircom to block access to particular
sites and (b) that the three strikes system which was agreed between Eircom
and the music industry did not conflict with data protection law.
Unlike Eircom, however, UPC fought the music industry action, leading for
the first time in the Irish courts to a full, contested hearing on the
obligations of internet service providers in relation to filesharing.
In a lengthy judgment, Charleton J. found that UPC users were engaged in
extensive illegal downloading and uploading. He found that it would be
possible for UPC to effectively reduce this by making use of systems such as
CopySense peer to peer filtering or the detection and disconnection of users
who are making available infringing copies, and made a specific finding that
such systems would be accurate, practicable and not disproportionately
expensive or burdensome. He found that other remedies available to the music
industry, in particular identifying infringing users and bringing action
against them, were inadequate. He also found that no privacy interest was
implicated by the monitoring which these systems would entail.
Charleton J. also held that the blocking of The Pirate Bay would be "both
educative and helpful", rejecting expert testimony that blocking would be
easily evaded and futile.
Notwithstanding these findings, however, Charleton J. held that, under the
Irish law, the court did not have the authority to grant an injunction
requiring an ISP to introduce such systems or to block access to particular
sites. The relevant Irish law was identified as section 40(4) of the
Copyright and Related Rights Act 2000, which provides that:
"where a person who provides facilities [to make a work available to the
public] is notified by the owner of the copyright in the work concerned that
those facilities are being used to infringe the copyright in that work and
that person fails to remove that infringing material as soon as practicable
thereafter that person shall also be liable for the infringement."
The court found that this section, referring to the removal of infringing
material, primarily envisaged situations where a defendant hosted material
rather than simply permitted transit of material. Consequently, it could not
be used to justify the grant of an injunction in relation to transit, and
Charleton J. acknowledged that his earlier decision ordering Eircom to block
access to The Pirate Bay was incorrect.
Charleton J. went on to consider the effect of the European law and in
particular the E-Commerce Directive and the Copyright Directive. He found
that Article 15 of the E-Commerce Directive (prohibiting a general
obligation to monitor) was irrelevant, holding that the use of deep packet
"is not the seeking of information which is in the course of transmission.
Instead, it identifies the nature of transmissions, whether encrypted or
otherwise, by reference to the ports which they use, and the protocol
employed, so as to identify peer-to-peer communication. UPC does this
already for legitimate commercial purposes related to the management of
transmissions. If it suited, they could also easily identify the file # of
copyright works and block them or divert the search in aid of theft to a
legal site. This is not a general search for information."
He also held that UPC was a mere conduit for the purposes of the E-Commerce
Directive, but that this, nevertheless, left open the possibility for a
court to require an internet provider to terminate or prevent an
infringement, and went on to hold that the Copyright Directive required
Member States to introduce laws which would provide for these remedies.
Consequently, as the Irish law did not provide for these remedies Charleton
J. found that Ireland "is not yet fully in compliance with its obligations
under European law".
Following this judgment, and in particular its finding that Irish law has
failed to correctly implement the Copyright Directive, it is likely that the
issue of filesharing will be high on the political agenda in Ireland.
Representatives of the music industry have already called for legislative
intervention, and have also threatened to sue the Irish state for losses
caused by failure to tackle filesharing.
Against this, however, the judgment can be criticised on a number of fronts.
Concern has been expressed about the figures relied on by the judge for the
extent of piracy, which have been described as inflated. The confident
description of deep packet inspection as not involving a "general duty to
monitor" is also unusual in light of the preliminary reference to the
European Court of Justice in SABAM v. Scarlet (Tiscali) in which this would
seem to be a live issue. Similarly, the claim that no privacy issues are
involved in three strikes and blocking systems seems to be undermined by the
fact that the Data Protection Commissioner took no part in these proceedings
so that an important viewpoint went unrepresented, and also fails to take
account of developments elsewhere (such as Switzerland) where opposite
conclusions have been reached.
It is also unclear where this leaves the three strikes and blocking systems
which Eircom has already introduced. To date there has been no indication
from Eircom as to whether it intends to continue with these systems despite
the ruling, and despite the competitive disadvantage which it would appear
to impose on it.
EMI v. UPC (Unreported, High Court, 11.10.2010)
John Collins and Ronan McGreevy, "Music labels to rethink fight against
piracy" (12.10.2010)
Ronan McGreevy, "U2 manager criticises UPC defence", Irish Times
Justin Mason, "Aslan's hard times, from the UPC judgment", taint.org
Rossa McMahon, "Strike 1?", A Clatter of the Law (13.10.2010)
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
11. Recommended Action
An on-line survey on the PSI Directive
The Digital Agenda for Europe lists the revision of the Directive 2003/98/EC
on the re-use of public sector information (PSI Directive) among its first
key actions. It highlights that governments can stimulate content markets by
making PSI available on transparent, effective and non-discriminatory terms.
Deadline: 30 November 2010
Technolife debate: social and ethical implications of biometrics and
12. Recommended Reading
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Communication from
the Commission on the global approach to transfers
of Passenger Name Record (PNR) data to third countries (19.10.2010)
New microshort film on the Public Domain Calculators (12.10.2010)
Brussels: There are no guarantees in terms of controlling the secret
police in Macedonia (14.10.2010)
13. Agenda
25 October 2010, Brussels, Belgium
Hearing by the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties,
Justice, and Home Affairs (LIBE): "Data Protection in a Transatlantic
Perspective. Future EU-US data protection agreement in the framework of
police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters", 15.00-18.30, Room
ASP 3E002.
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
26 October 2010, Brussels, Belgium
Future Internet Architecture (FIArch)
Open Workshop on the Future Internet Architecture Limitations
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law.
5-7 November 2010, Cologne, Germany
Transparency, Work, Surveillance
Joint Annual Meeting of FIfF and DVD
5-7 November 2010, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
27-30 December 2010, Berlin, Germany
27th Chaos Communication Congress (27C3)
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
Submission deadline for Full Papers and Position Papers: 16 November 2010
14. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-09-08 20:21:05
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.17, 8 September 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.17, 8 September 2010
1. Deleting illegal sites is more efficient than blocking them
2. France: Imminent "Humanitarian Fingerprinting" of Roma with OSCAR
3. INDECT - privacy ethics in a secret project
4. Germany wants a new law to protect employees' privacy
5. State of play for ID cards in Europe
6. YouTube guilty of its users' copyright infringement says a German court
7. UK: Harassing innocent users for copyright infringement
8. ENDitorial: ACTA endgame - The devil is in the detail
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Deleting illegal sites is more efficient than blocking them
Eco, the Association of German Internet Economy, presented, in a press
conference in Berlin on 1 September 2010, the situation related to fighting
child pornography, reaching the conclusion that deleting was, in 98% of the
cases, more efficient than blocking illegal sites.
Thus, out of 197 child pornography sites reported at the Eco Internet
Complaint during the first half of 2010, 194 were offline in a week.
"The Websites that are hosted on the German servers were offline
regularly within one business day."
The main reason for this successful result is the establishment of "notice
and takedown" procedures and the increase of national reporting offices. The
hosting providers are more directly informed and they are more successful in
deleting sites than the police.
This report only comes to confirm what it has lately been constantly
repeated by ISPs, Internet users, associations and specialists that blocking
sites is an inefficient measure. Several associations such as EDRi or MOGiS
have argued in several occasions (as it was the case of the draft directive
proposed by European Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrvm to establish blocking at
the European level) that blocking is a useless and costly measure that can
be easily by-passed and which does not treat the problem, while causing
censureship issues.
Eco: Delete works up to 98% (only in German, 1.09.2010)
Germany: Deleting instead of blocking is more efficient (only in French,
Delete, don't block (30.03.2010)
EDRi-gram: EDRi sends open letter to EU Commissioners to oppose Internet
blocking (10.03.2010)
2. France: Imminent "Humanitarian Fingerprinting" of Roma with OSCAR
The xenophobic anti-Roma campaign run by the French government
following President Sarkozy's discourse at the end of July has led to the
brutal dismantling of numerous Roma camps, and to the expulsion of 1 000
foreign Roma people from the country within the last month. How could this
happen, given that most if not all of them are either from Romania or
Bulgaria? As EU citizens since 1 January 2007, they should normally benefit
from freedom of movement in the Union. The reality is that Romanians and
Bulgarians are actually treated as 2nd class EU citizens in countries such
as France, where restrictions have been imposed on their right to stay, even
for a less than 3 month period. As a consequence, they can be expelled from
the country inter alia in case they "threaten the public order" or they
"constitute an unreasonable charge to the French social assistance system".
Sarkozy's government suddenly decided that Roma settlements are highly
threatening French public order. Courts disagree though, as recent annulment
of expulsion decisions in Lille have shown. However, such legal recourse can
seldom occur, when one only has 48 hours to file the case, not to mention
the immense practical difficulties for this population to exercise such
rights, even with the support of French NGOs.
This highly publicized campaign has shed the light on a French database
called OSCAR ( Tool for Repatriation Aid Statistics and Control - "Outil de
Statistiques et de Contrtle de l'Aide au Retour" in French), created by
decree in October 2009. OSCAR aims at collecting biometric data (digital
photograph and 10 fingerprints) of foreigners expelled from the country or
even leaving it voluntarily, with the benefit of a small grant. In the case
of EU citizens, the grant takes the form of a "humanitarian repatriation
help" of 300 Euro per person, with an additional 100 Euro for each
accompanying child. In such case, if the child is more than 12 years old,
his biometric data are also collected and stored in OSCAR. These data are
stored during 5 years.
It must be noted that, although this seems recent news to the general
public, to the European Commission and to the international press, the
French government decided to set up this "humanitarian repatriation help"
for EU citizens at the end of 2006, anticipating the "consequences"  of
Romania and Bulgaria adhesion to the EU. This can be directly inferred from
an inter-ministerial administrative document of 7 December 2006 and from a
provision of the 2007 Immigration law authorizing the fingerprinting of the
"repatriation grant" recipients. As official data shows, before 1 January
2007, Romanian and Bulgarian citizens formed 25% of the total number of
expelled irregular migrants. After they became EU citizens, the number of
"humanitarian repatriation help" grew from less than 400 in 2005 and 2006 to
almost 3 000 in 2007, more than 10 000 in 2008 (81% of them granted to
Romanians and 9% to Bulgarians) and more than 12 000 in 2009 (83% granted to
Romanians and 7% to Bulgarians). As documented by many NGOs, the French
government has been forcing Roma people to sign on the "humanitarian
repatriation help", as this is the only really "legal" mean to expel them.
The novelty thus resides in the spectacular Roma-bashing political campaign.
Three French NGOs, among them EDRI member IRIS, have filed a complaint in
December 2009 before the Conseil d'Etat, to obtain the annulment of the
OSCAR database. Together with GISTI (an association defending the rights
of migrants) and LDH (French Human Rights League), IRIS claims that the
biometric nature of the data and the duration of its storage are arbitrary
and disproportionate, given the purpose of the database, which is simply the
management of the grant attribution in order to ensure that one cannot claim
it twice. It is also disproportionate given the amount of the grant, which
is minimal. The complaint also includes other legal arguments, such as the
storage of the foreigners' addresses in their own country, and the
possibility to interconnect OSCAR with AGDREF, the foreigners' register,
containing a lot more information for different purposes, though no
biometric data so far.
While only non biometric data were stored in OSCAR till now, since the
biometric fingerprints collecting system was not yet acquired and installed,
Eric Besson, French minister of Immigration, recently announced in the
framework of the current anti-Roma campaign, that biometrics will be in
place in OSCAR starting on 1 October. In an immediate reaction, GISTI,
IRIS and LDH have asked the Conseil d'Etat to process their complaint in
The xenophobic anti-Roma campaign, which has been facing strong reactions
from very diverse sources in the country and abroad, needs to be urgently
stopped. The 3 NGOs also remind in their press release that the OSCAR
database concerns an even larger public, that is, all foreigners, EU
citizens or not, staying legally or illegally in France and likely to
receive any form of "repatriation help". As stated by a member of the
Parliament from the opposition in 2007, during the discussion of the latest
Immigration law providing for fingerprinting this population: "So, even back
to their country, foreigners would annoy us to the extent that we need to
file them!". At least, they annoy Sarkozy and its supporters.
EU questions legality of French Roma expulsions (01.09.2010)
NGOs press release: "Biometric filing of Roma: the Conseil d'Etat Annulment
of OSCAR file becomes urgent" (only in French,31.08.2010)
IRIS Dossier on OSCAR and related documents
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
3. INDECT - privacy ethics in a secret project
A new document on ethical issues published by the INDECT European
research project on public surveillance has once more attracted the
scrutiny of the media. Previous allegations of secrecy were followed
by an attempt to strengthen the project's Ethics Board. The new
document however notes that addressing ethical concerns requires time
that cannot be spent on research. It therefore recommends to simply
stop disclosing any project deliverables that could negatively impact
"organisational reputation" and other sensitive topics.
The INDECT Project, funded with almost 11 million euros, aims to research on
"Intelligent information system supporting observation, searching and
detection for security of citizens in urban environment" but was
qualified by The Telegraph last year as the "'Orwellian' artificial
intelligence plan to monitor public for 'abnormal behaviour'".
Following the article, a lot of public pressure was put from media, civil
society and the European Parliament. MEPs addressed to the European
Commission 10 questions in the past year related to the project and its
privacy ethics.
One of the answers of the European Commission was: "In order to
further enhance the role of the project's Ethics Board, the Commission will
recommend to the project to add an additional independent expert. This
expert will have proven expertise in ethical and data protection issues",
but, so far, the Ethics board has been dominated by Police Officers and no
privacy experts.
The project published in August 2010 a first public document that has as
objective "to give an overview of activities relevant to ethical issues
undertaken within INDECT during the first year of project work."
One of the conclusions of the document shows in fact little consideration
for the public interest: "What is discouraging for persons working in INDECT
is that instead of making research a significant amount of the time is
consumed for explaining what the project is NOT about."
Moreover, as emphasized by Futurezone.orf.at, the document has also other
shortcomings in terms of secrecy, as most of the documents developed within
the project could remain away from the public eye:
"In addressing the issue of public disclosure, as presently deliverables do
not indicate any level of disclosure, it was agreed that:
- No issues that could impact negatively upon
o Law enforcement capability
o National Security
o Public Safety
o Organisational Reputation
should be published in the public domain
- Summary documents of such deliverables should not be published."
In fact, two of the documents that have been made publicly available on the
project website, have disappeared from there. But they have re-appeared on
other independant websites, as pointed by the Futurezone.orf.at
Also, the initial video-presentation of the INDECT project, available on
YouTube and receiving a lot of negative comments, has now become just a
private video.
INDECT - Ethical Issues 2009 (17.08.2010)
EU Monitoring: INDECT keeping a low profile (only in German, 3.09.2010)
INDECT: The missing papers (only in German, 8.09.2010)
MEPs questions on INDECT project (2009-2010)
INDECT Ethics Board Members
EDRi-gram: Third PrivacyOS: More Privacy, Increased awareness (5.11.2009)
4. Germany wants a new law to protect employees' privacy
Following several scandals during the last years related to the surveillance
of employees in several companies, the German government has recently tabled
a draft bill that would forbid employers to use hidden cameras or social
networking websites to spy on employees.
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the new law would be beneficial
for both parties. "It's a balanced compromise among the various interests
and will foster more trust in the workplace between employer and employees".
As many retailers in Germany have been using hidden cameras to catch
employees believed to steal, one of the proposed measures is that employers
can no longer use video surveillance on workers without their knowledge.
They will be allowed to use video cameras in public areas such as around the
cash register or the entrance to a supermarket to prevent shop-lifting but
video surveillance will be forbidden in private areas such as changing
rooms, break rooms and bathrooms.
The bill also regulates phone, email and Internet surveillance at the
workplace. The bill will forbid employers to gather private information of
candidate employees from networks such as Facebook and MySpace, but they
will still be able to get information by means of publicly accessible
sources on search engines and professional social networks, such as
An employer getting friends with a prospective employee or hacking his (her)
Facebook account to get personal information will be punished with a fine of
up to 300 000 euro, acts which will be however difficult to prove.
The bill is to be debated and approved by the German Parliament this Autumn
and if passed, Germany will become the first country to place restrictions
on the use of personal information found on social networking sites such as
France has also played with the idea of "the right to oblivion" but without
a final result. In UK, the law is not restrictive regarding searching of
personal data on the Internet for employers. "I know a lot of employers will
put an applicant's name into Google to see what comes up, and nothing in UK
law prevents that. In terms of how employers use the information they find,
they have to be conscious of a person's rights, particularly under the Data
Protection Act," said Kirsty Ayre, a partner in Pinsent Masons law firm.
An Employment Practices Code published by the UK Information Commissioner's
Office says that during a recruitment process, employers have to: "Explain
the nature of and sources from which information might be obtained about the
applicant in addition to the information supplied directly by the applicant"
and to "Ensure there is a clear statement on the application form or
surrounding documents, explaining what information will be sought and from
According to Ayre, employers should avoid using information obtained from
online sources in ways that might be discriminatory as an Internet search
may reveal characteristics that are protected by anti-discrimination laws
across the UK, such as a person's age, religion or sexual preferences.
Germany weighs bill to outlaw spying on employees (25.08.2010)
Germany to ban employers from snooping on Facebook (27.08.2010)
German law bans Facebook research for hiring decisions (26.08.2010)
The German Law (only in German, 24.08.2010)
5. State of play for ID cards in Europe
A new analysis was made public by Statewatch based on the answers to a
questionnaire regarding the "state of play concerning electronic
identity cards" in the EU Member States and countries that are members of
the so-called "Mixed Committee" that is part of Schengen (Iceland,
Lichtenstein, Norway and Switzerland).
The 23 replies to the questionnaire show that:
- 17 countries make it mandatory for their citizens to have an ID card,
four do not;
- 13 countries issue traditional ID cards, eight issue cards containing
contact and/or RFID chips, two countries do not issue ID cards (Norway, UK).
Of the eight countries that issue electronic ID cards with the capacity to
store biometric data, six have chosen to do so (Belgium, Italy, Lithuania,
Portugal, Spain and Sweden). Lithuania, Portugal and Spain store
biometric data centrally, while Italy has a decentralised system.
After the biometrics is already introduced by the Council of the European
Union in Visas, resident third country nationals and the EU passports, now
the national ID cards are on the table, claiming their scope as travel
documents within the Schengen Area.
The questionnaire had no questions regarding privacy issues and only one
dealing indirectly with security issues (Did you detect any altered or
forged data storage device in any identity card?).
Statewatch concludes that "This is the start of a process of 'soft-law
making' over which the European and national parliaments have no say",
considering that the Council might adopt Conclusions of the national ID
cards, that the EU members states will use to take joint common actions.
Statewatch Briefing: ID Cards in the EU: Current state of play (09.2010)
EU Council - Questionnaire  (26.03.2010)
EU Council - Answers to Questionnaire
State of play concerning the electronic identity cards in the EU Member
States (31.05.2010)
6. YouTube guilty of its users' copyright infringement says a German court
On 3 September 2010, the German Hamburg state court ruled that Google's
subsidiary YouTube had to pay damages for not having prevented and
blocked the upload by its users of several videos of Sarah Brightman's
performances, thus violating its copyright.
Although YouTube uses a standardized form to users regarding their right
to publish materials, the court did not find this enough and considered
YouTube as legally responsible for the content uploaded, especially as the
platform can be used anonymously, in the court's opinion.
YouTube uses Content ID, an anti-pirating technology to check out videos.
Now the page for adding videos includes now a warning that uploading
copyrighted content is not allowed unless the uploader is the right holder
or has previously received the right holders' agreement.
A prior verification of all the materials made available on the platform
would however create a huge problem for YouTube as, according to last year's
figures, 24h of video were uploaded every minute, which makes the measure
impossible from the financial as well as personnel point of view. Also, this
would be contrary to the EU E-commerce directive which specifically states
that such an online service has not a general obligation to "monitor the
information which they transmit or store, nor a general obligation actively
to seek facts or circumstances indicating illegal activity."
YouTube must not publish those videos anymore and has to provide information
to establish the amount of compensation for the uploading of the videos.
Google will appeal the decision.
In another case in Germany one week before, Google had a slight success
in its trial with the German collective societies, when the court declined
to issue a preliminary injunction against YouTube. But the court also
estimated that the collective societies may have the right to ask for taking
down of videos for which collective contributions haven't been paid, but
this needs to be proven during the trial, not in an interim injunction.
The court's decision is the result of a long battle between collective
society GEMA, the German Society for musical performing and mechanical
reproduction rights, and Google, who have been trying for over a year to
renegotiate a license expired in March 2009.
GEMA and other collective societies have failed so far to obtain in court
the injunction of YouTube but what they actually want is to get paid for
Internet broadcast of the videos. The negotiations have failed because there
is a discrepancy between the payment expectations of the two sides. GEMA is
used to the traditional method of royalty collection where a user pays at
every broadcast of a copyrighted material, while YouTube, generating its
revenues from advertising, does not charge users to watch videos.
German court rules against YouTube over copyright (4.09.2010)
German judge chides Google over YouTube freeloading (31.08.2010)
German battle over YouTube royalties wages on (27.08.2010)
7. UK: Harassing innocent users for copyright infringement
ACS:Law having sent tens of thousands of cash demands to make supposed
copyright infringement lawsuits go away, has been referred to the Solicitors
Disciplinary Group for "bullying and excessive conduct".
The referral was the result of a coordinated work of wrongly accused people
and of consumers groups such as Which? and BeingThreatened.com. However,
Andrew Crossley, the principal of ACS:Law, goes regularly to court against
thousands of individuals he states are infringing his clients' copyrights,
although he presents no solid proof for his allegations. The law says that
in order to have infringed copyright, Internet subscribers must have either
shared files themselves or explicitly authorized someone else to do it.
ACS:Law cannot know who used a computer at a given time and wrongfully
suggest that the bill payer is the infringer or that he (she) has the
responsibility to say who did the alleged file-sharing. The company's
actions seriously affect a lot of wrongly accused people.
ACS:Law has been one of the most controversial law companies in the last
years. The company has kept busy the Solicitors Regulatory Authority (SRA),
a body regulating more than 110 000 solicitors in the UK, the regulatory
body of the Law Society of England and Wales, which is meant to keep an eye
on disreputable lawyers.
According to TorrentFreak, in September 2009, the complaints made to the SRA
about the conduct of ACS:Law constituted more than 16% of all complaints for
the whole month. Since 8 July 2010, the SRA has received an unprecedented
number of 418 official complaints against ACS:Law from members of the
public, a record in the IP sector.
In 2009, consumer group Which? filed a complaint against ACS:Law in which it
accused the law firm of bullying recipients by its threatening letters.
Finally, SRA has now referred Andrew Crossley to the Solicitors Disciplinary
Tribunal which adjudicates upon breaches of professional conduct and
is meant to protect the public by maintaining the reputation of the legal
profession. Its powers include the ability to fine, reprimand or even strike
off a lawyer, but the process will be long.
"We also echo the comments of Which? that the process appears very drawn out
and consumer unfriendly. We would also welcome clarification from the SRA as
to whether a temporary hold has been enforced on the continued practice of
ACS:Law in relation to filesharing cases or if they will be free to continue
their campaign unabated until the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal has
ruled," stated BeingThreatened.com's spokesman for TorrentFreak.
A team of lawyers is offering to coordinate a group action in order to
gather compensation for Crossley's harassed victims. "It can be incredibly
upsetting for people to receive such letters and they may well have a claim
for harassment against ACS Law so I am urging them to come forward," says
Michael Forrester of Ralli's Intellectual Property and Harassment Law team.
"Our aim is for the actions to cost claimants nothing," said Robert Illidge
from Ralli's. "It depends on who is involved, how many claims and how
the cases are presented. There are a number of ways of funding group action
litigation such as the 'no win, no fee' basis."
A success of the action may bring damage compensations for the participants
for their "financial loss and anxiety the letters and other correspondence
have caused. The law also allows individuals to obtain injunctions in
certain specific circumstances, which, if obtained would prevent the
harassment from continuing," added Illidge.
Wrongfully Accused Of File-Sharing? File For Harassment (31.08.2010)
File-Sharing Lawyers To Face Disciplinary Tribunal (23.08.2010)
File sharing: are you breaking the law?
Being Threatened? - Portal
The Speculative Invoicing Handbook (2009)
8. ENDitorial: ACTA endgame - The devil is in the detail
The last week has seen a flurry of activity surrounding ACTA, with the leak
of the latest negotiating text, as well as the adoption of a Written
Declaration by the European Parliament.
Some parts of ACTA remain very problematic, such as the text related to
statutory damages. Also, the text on the liability of online intermediaries
and the extent to which they will be expected to police their clients is now
shorter, but less clear than ever before.
The current text reads as follows:
"Each Party shall endeavor to promote cooperative efforts within the
business community to effectively address [US: copyright and related
rights][EU/J: intellectual property rights] infringement while preserving
legitimate competition and consistent with each Party's law, preserving
principles relating to freedom of expression, fair process, and privacy,
[EU: among other [US: fundamental] principles]."
The first point to note is that this is ostensibly a trade agreement. As a
result, every party can claim a legitimate interest in ensuring the
implementation of trade-related provisions (such as "cooperation" between
ISPs and rightholders) and could, therefore, demand enforcement of this to
some degree. However, no party would have an interest in, or a legal means
of, ensuring the implementation of fundamental rights in other
jurisdictions. As a result, the obligations part of this text is enforceable
by parties, while the rights part is not, even though both seem equal in the
Secondly, this approach, where ISPs are coerced into a policing role creates
an entirely unpredictable environment. Due to the ongoing vertical
integration, it is impossible to tell how "cooperation" or surveillance ISPs
will feel motivated and justified to undertake. Already we see the British
media provider/ISP Virgin planning to undertake deep packet inspection - a
"beta test" that will give heart to every totalitarian regime in the world -
on a test basis. If ISPs are blocking, filtering and carrying out
surveillance to protect Mick Jagger, what will the EU say to Iran when it
does the same thing to protect, as it would see it, the functioning of the
state? Furthermore, and these are in EU law already, but with the limited
privacy and human rights protection that the EU offers, the damages and
intermediary injunctions proposed in the current text will help encourage
ISPs to "volunteer" to collaborate with rightsholders.
This gives rise to a third issue - where does this leave the European
Union's legal obligations to promote and protect democracy and the rule of
law in its international relations. Can active support for privatisation of
law enforcement in third countries be considered compatible with the
obligation in the Treaty on European Union to cooperate in all fields of
international relations, in order to consolidate and support democracy and
the rule of law?
The European Parliament's Written Declaration is a huge step forward,
setting clear limits for the European Commission with regard to
harmonization, due process, coercion of ISPs to "voluntarily" undertake
blocking/filtering/three strikes, etc. Importantly, it also asks for "all
documents related to the ongoing negotiations publicly available" rather
than simply the most recent texts. Preparatory texts will be essential for
the Parliament and the public at large, to understand the real meaning of
the Agreement.
The weakening of some of the most egregious elements of ACTA's disregard for
the rights of citizens is very welcome - but the devil is still in the
detail. The fight goes on.
Virgin Media to trial piracy-detection software (17.01.2010)
Treaty on European Union
Written Declaration 12  on the lack of a transparent process for the
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) and potentially objectionable
Adoption of anti-ACTA declaration - "a big victory" (7.09.2010)
European Parliament vs. ACTA: Rejection is the only option (8.09.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Reading
Hadopi: rightholders want to convince Internet subscribers to accept DPI
filtering (only in French, 2.09.2010)
Since 2009 a series of interest groups have been discussing with the
Internal Market DG in the European Commissionon on how to fight the illegal
p2p usage. The internal documents presented by PcINpact show how these
lobbists are pushing for a new European copyright implementation and how
HADOPI will be used in France to test the Deep Packet Inspection with
voluntary users.
UK: Understanding surveillance statistics by Tony Bunyan
Consumer Watchdog -  "Don't Be Evil?" video - Final Version.
Electronic Communication Industry: Joint Statement on the EU- South Korea
FTA (09.2010)
The Relationship Between IP, Technology Transfer, and Development
10. Agenda
11 September 2010, Europe
International action day "Freedom not Fear - Stop the Surveillance Mania!"
13-17 September 2010, Crete, Greece
Privacy and Security in the Future Internet
3rd Network and Information Security (NIS'10) Summer School
14-16 September 2010, Vilnius, Lithuania
Internet Governance Forum 2010
20-21 September 2010, Helsinki Finland
Finnish Internet Forum
8-9 October 2010, Berlin, Germany
The 3rd Free Culture Research Conference
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law. Call for papers deadline: 10 September 2010
5-7 November 2010, Cologne, Germany
Transparency, Work, Surveillance
Joint Annual Meeting of FIfF and DVD
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2010-09-22 21:52:13
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 8.18, 22 September 2010 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
    Number 8.18, 22 September 2010
1. Freedom not Fear 2010 - Stop Surveillance Mania!
2. Dutch internet community protests against censorship proposal
3. European Commission's strategy for Data Protection Directive
4. Blocking websites approved by the French Senate
5. Commissioner Malmstrvm sets out her agenda to the European Parliament
6. Swiss court rules that IP address collecting software is illegal
7. Google's Street View will not resume its activities in the Czech Republic
8. FSFE insists on promoting free PDF readers
9. ENDitorial: Internet blocking in ten weeks and counting
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Freedom not Fear 2010 - Stop Surveillance Mania!
For the fourth consecutive time, this year the International Action Day took
place on 11 September under the motto "Freedom not Fear 2010 - Stop
Surveillance Mania".
The events that took place in several European towns such as Berlin,
Stockholm, Warsaw, Helsinki, Paris, Venice, Vienna and Luxembourg were
organised and supported by a coalition of more than 150 organisations,
including political parties, professional associations, trade unions and
freedom activists.
What were the organisers asking for? Mainly, a cutback on surveillance
measures including data retention laws and the collection of biometric data,
"no European wide standardized state run collection of information", no data
exchange with the USA without proper data protection laws, no blank
registration of PNR data, "no systematic surveillance of financial
transactions data or similar mass data analysis in the EU (SWIFT)" and no
secret searches of online or offline PC systems.
In Berlin at the largest action of the Freedom not Fear 2010, about 7500
people demonstrated for better data protection and less intrusion on
privacy. One of the main concerns expressed was related to the
centralization of health, financial, telecommunications and employment data.
The demonstrators were carrying banners such as "Freedom is dying with
security", "I have something to hide: my privacy" or "my data belongs to
During the rally, Frank Bsirske, head of the trade union Verdi, called for
the cancellation of the ELENA database introduced in Germany at the
beginning of 2010 that covers employee income information. He said that
during the last 80 years in Europea many cases have showed that data
collection could be used for "insane purposes." He also called for the
cancellation of data retention laws.
Although in Germany the Constitutional Court decided against data retention
in March 2010, Rosemarie Will, National Chairman of the Humanist Union
stated during the rally that the victory was not complete as the court left
an open back door for a come-back of the law. The court did not annul the
legislation but only suspended it asking for its modification in order to
ensure stricter and safer conditions for the storage and use of the
collected data.
Thilo Weichert, state data protection representative from
Schleswig-Holstein, expressed his opinion that the authorities should act
more professionally when pursuing criminals using the internet. "The
population needs freedom of information and opinion, not total control," he
The demonstrators also criticized systems, such as the SWIFT agreement or
PNR systems, that allow the transfer of personal and bank data to the US
authorities without proper data protection measures.
Protestors take to the street to call for better data protection
Thousands in Germany rally for data privacy - PressTV (11.09.2010)
Large rally on Potsdamer Platz closes successful demonstration (11.09.2010)
Colourful rally moves through the centre of the German capital (11.09.2010)
Demonstration "freedom instead of fear!" (15.09.2010)
Freedom not Fear 2010 in Poland (only in Polish, 9.09.2010)
EDRi-gram: German Federal Constitutional Court rejects data retention law
2. Dutch internet community protests against censorship proposal
Dutch civil society, companies, academics and bloggers sent a letter on 15
September 2010 to the Dutch Minister of Justice regarding a recently
launched legislative proposal. According to the writers, the proposal could
lead to censorship by the government. The organizations request the change
of the proposal in order to preserve the freedom of press and internet.
The draft proposal of Dutch Minister of Justice Hirsch Ballin has
far-reaching consequences for the freedom of Dutch internet users. For
example, parts of websites but also personal pages on Facebook and Hyves
could, on the basis of this proposal, be shut down without a prior
decision by a court. Currently, a prior judicial ruling is required. In
addition, the proposal would, in short, prohibit the publication of
non-public information and would criminalize the secret recording of
your conversations.
In the letter, the minister is requested to amend the proposal on three
points. Firstly, deleting part of a website should be applied only after a
prior decision by a court. Secondly, the prohibition on the publication of
non-public information should be to re-evaluate in its entirety. Finally,
the minister is requested to clarify the prohibition on recording
The letter is an initiative of EDRi-member Bits of Freedom and was signed by
nineteen civil society organisations, twenty experts from the academic
world, in addition to bloggers and internet experts.
The letter (only in Dutch, 15.09.2010)
Press release: Dutch Internet community protests against state censorship
(only in Dutch, 15.09.2010)
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom - Netherlands)
3. European Commission's strategy for Data Protection Directive
During the Conference organised on 16 September 2010 by the Lisbon Council
Brussels on "Unleashing the digital single market", Vivane Reding,
vice-president of the European Commission and Commissioner for justice,
fundamental rights and citizenship, announced, among other things, she would
make a proposal for the future revision of the present Data Protection
In her speech, Mrs. Reding reinforced her beliefs expressed in October 2009
that Europe needed a Digital Single Market that would be beneficial for
consumers and businesses alike and vowed to use EU justice policy to
strengthen it. The commissioner identified two main tools that may help in
solving the problems of the digital economy: The Consumer Rights and Data
Protection Directives.
A strong data protection legislation would also be an important element in
boosting business and consumer confidence "to ensure consumers of surfing
and shopping online without worrying about the safety of their personal
information." Therefore, the commissioner announced that an outline for the
revision of the present Data Protection Directive would be presented by the
Commission in October 2010 in order to "strengthen individuals' rights and
enhance the Internal Market dimension of data protection."
The revision would include a more strict application of transparency for
a "full, easily accessible and easy to understand information on how
personal data is being processed." The collection of personal data should
have a legitimate purpose and not exceed the strictly necessary data. "Data
should be collected and processed only under informed consent of a person to
whom they relate."
One measure intended by the Commission is that of enhancing the
responsibility of the data controllers to be able to establish "effective
mechanisms to ensure compliance with data protection rules."
Reding also expressed again the idea that as the Internet is a global tool,
the data transferred through it should be protected and expressed the
intention to improve the current procedures for international data
In order to encourage new technologies in an environment in which consumers
know their rights, different solutions could be found such as "privacy by
design." "Data protection compliance should be embedded throughout the
entire life cycle of technologies and procedures."
The Digital Single Market should also be a cyber crime-safe
environment. And for this purpose the Commission will propose criminal
sanctions against people responsible for cyber attacks.
Press Release - Viviane Reding Vice-President of the European Commission
responsible for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship - Doing the
Single Market justice - Unleashing the digital single market Conference,
organised by the Lisbon Council Brussels (16.09.2010)
EDRi-gram: Reding: EU policy for information society for the next years
4. Blocking websites approved by the French Senate
The French Senate adopted on 10 September 2010 the law on known as Loppsi 2
(Original title: loi d'orientation et de programmation pour la performance
de la sicuriti intirieure). This legislation would give the police the to upload malware on PCs without the users' knowledge and without any need
to explain the action.
Another extremely worrying aspect is that the Senate modified the deputies'
version in the sense that article 4 of the text stipulates that the blocking
of Internet sites with child pornographic content will is no longer be
decided by the court but by an administrative authority without the
intervention of a judge.
If the child pornographic content is manifest, the administrative authority
will be able to ask ISPs to block the site address without delay. If that
character is not manifest, the administrative authority may notify the legal
authority in charge with the interdiction of the access to the mentioned
electronic addresses, but is not bound to do so.
One partial victory was obtained in relation to video-surveillance by CNIL
(French Data Protection Authority) which had asked that the control over the
images be given to an independent body and not to an Internal Affairs
Ministerial commission. Still, CNIL will have no autonomy in the matter as
it will be able to intervene only at the request of the commissions that
validates the installation of the video-cameras in public spaces.
The text also includes another article that stipulates a punishment of one
year imprisonment and 15 000 euro fine for identity theft offences, a very
large provision which may lead to punishing the use of pseudonyms or the
use of profiles meant to caricature well known characters.
The text will still have to go through the National Assembly again in order
to be finally adopted by the French Parliament.
Loppsi: filtering sites will be decided by the administration (only in
French, 13.09.2010)
Freedom on the Net victims of the security debate (only in French,
RWF criticises the filtering of the Net stipulated by Loppsi 2 (only in
French, 16.09.2010)
The senators vote Loppsi 2 and say yes to filtering and police spyware (only
in French, 13.09.2010)
EDRi-gram: France's Parliament pursues its goal to censor the Internet
5. Commissioner Malmstrvm sets out her agenda to the European Parliament
In a Committee meeting last week and in the Parliament's plenary session
this week, Commissioner Malmstrvm has set out her vision on various upcoming
issues in her portfolio.
In the Committee, Malmstrvm drew attention to the Communications on
information sharing instruments and legislative instruments on terrorism and
said that the analysis contained therein can be used for the development of
future policy.
On the exchange of airline passenger name records, she said that a new
Communication would be proposed in the plenary session of the Parliament.
The internal security strategy will be launched in November and will build
on the Stockholm Programme. It will look at cybercrime, organised crime,
terrorism etc. and specify some strategic objectives. Also, a proposal on
attacks against computer systems ("Lisbonising" and updating an existing
Framework Directive) will be proposed this month. Oddly enough, the
Commissioner chose not to mention the problematic review of the data
retention directive in her speech to the Committee.
In the Committee discussion, several insightful interventions were made
by parliamentarians about web blocking, data retention and the
implementation of the TFTP (SWIFT) agreement.
At the plenary session of the Parliament, the Commissioner presented her
Communication on transfer of PNR data to third countries. This consists of
two parts, one on the general principles that must always be followed in
negotiations on this topic. The second part is on procedures in relation to
the three countries that the EU already has agreements with, namely the USA,
Australia and Canada. EU PNR data will be the subject of a legislative
proposal, for which an impact assessment will need to be prepared.
One interesting aspect of this is that the Commission is quite clear that
the data should only be used for "serious international crime" and proposes
that this term should be defined. This, at least, indicates a small step
forward in the coherence of the Commission's approach to such issues. The
data retention Directive is also theoretically limited to "serious crime",
but with no harmonised standard, with some countries having no definition at
all, rendering the "limitation" entirely meaningless.
On the other hand, the headlong rush of the Commission to develop more and
more ways of exporting personal data to third countries remains worrying.
Commissioner Malmstrvm's reference to the need for coherence between the
"usefulness" of keeping the data and legal certainty is particularly
worrying. There is vast potential for exported data to be "useful" for one
reason or another. Whether it is necessary and proportionate and, therefore,
legal, appears to be less of an immediate concern.
Finally, in the press conference, she was asked (see the video linked
below - minute 7.00) about the Amadeus server, where the US Department of
Homeland Security has (according to the FT Deutschland journalist asking the
question) almost unlimited access to EU PNR data. After initially appearing
to be unaware of this issue, Commissioner Malmstrvm said that this would
fall under the new agreement with the USA.
Communication on information sharing: EU information management instruments
Communication on legislative instruments on terrorism (20.07.2010)
PNR Principles (21.09.2010)
Recording of Commissioner Malmstrvm's press conference  (21.09.2010)
(contrubution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
6. Swiss court rules that IP address collecting software is illegal
The Swiss Federal Court overturned on 8 September 2010 a previous
court decision and ruled that the software identifying IP addresses of
alleged unauthorised music uploaders was infringing the data protection law.
Switzerland-based anti-piracy company Logistep has used software to collect
IP addresses from P2P users, seeking for alleged copyright infringers and
passing on the addresses to rights holders. The company has thus provided,
in the last years, evidence used in lawsuits against individuals accused of
copyright infringement. Most of these lawsuits took place is Germany and the
UK, but similar techniques have been recently used by rights holders against
BitTorrent downloaders in the US.
Although Switzerland is not part of the EU and therefore not bound to
observe the Data Protection Directive, the Swiss Federal Court considered IP
addresses as personal data. The court backed up the country's data
commissioner who, in 2008, said that Logistep violated Switzerland's Data
Protection Act when it used the software and asked the company to
cease probing peer-to-peer networks without a legal basis.
In its decision, the Federal Supreme Court has established a clear boundary
against the arbitrary probing of personal privacy on the Internet. Logistep
will therefore no longer be able to collect IP addresses without the
authorization of the persons affected by the action and therefore will
be unable to pass on allegedly copyright infringing addresses to rights
holders to sue file sharers.
Richard Schneider of Logistep stated that his company's work was legal in
other European countries and that the company might leave Switzerland.
In his opinion, the Swiss court's decision could lead to "a massive and
uncontrolled illegal distribution of copyright-protected content in
Switzerland, a sort of legal limbo".
In France, CNIL (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertis-
French Data Protection Authority) has authorised four collective societies
to collect IP data, that will later be used in the application of the three
strikes (HADOPI) law. However CNIL's report notes that there is no
control on the software produced by the French company that collects IP
addresses, which leads to an almost automatic and blind sanction from Hadopi
Swiss court rules IP address-tracing software breached data protection law
Court: Logistep Can't Collect P2P Users' IP Addresses (8.09.2010)
Federal Supreme Court decision regarding Logistep AG (9.09.2010)
HADOPI : CNIL denounced the absence of TMG control! (only in French,
CNIL Report related to Hadopi law (10.06.2010)
7. Google's Street View will not resume its activities in the Czech Republic
For the second time, the Czech data protection authority (UOOU) rejected
Google's application to resume its data collection through its Street View
system. The Czech data agency had already rejected a similar request from
Google in December 2009. However, Street View photographs taken prior to
October 2009 will remain online.
Hana Stepankova, a spokesman for UOOU said they had concerns over the
legality of Google's service. "We do not have complete certainty the
information (collected) is being processed according to law," she said.
Google representatives have expressed their disappointment and their belief
that Street View is legal in the Czech Republic. "We have in place robust
procedures to protect privacy, such as face and number plate blurring and a
removals tool. We'll continue to engage in dialogue with the (data
protection authority) to answer any other questions they have," wrote Lena
Wagner, Google spokesperson, in an e-mail to Deutsche Welle.
She expressed Google's confidence that the agency would grant the company
permission to resume data collection, provided the process could be done
legally. Stepankova also confirmed the intention of the Czech authorities to
continue the dialogue with Google in this matter.
In Germany, several hundred thousand people have chosen to opt-out from
Google StreetView's service; the Germans have been given the possibility to
opt-out by 15 October 2010 in case they did not want their homes or
businesses to be included in the service.
In the light of the debate over Google Street View service, the German
government has decided to consider new laws on online data protection. On 20
September, a high-level meeting took place in Berlin, chaired by Interior
Minister Thomas de Maiziere, with representatives of the IT industry to
discuss the chances, risks and restrictions of publishing private data on
the Internet.
In an e-mail sent to Deutsche Welle, Viktor Mayer-Schoenberger, an Austrian
professor and the director of the Information and Innovation Policy Research
Center at the National University of Singapore expressed his opinion that
Google will continue to face problems in several European countries having
in view the different approaches in the implementation and interpretation
of the data protection directive.
"It is conceivable that capturing license plates and building facades
through Street View is legal in the UK, but illegal in the Czech Republic.
Especially nations with a surveillance past (like Eastern and Central
Europe) often have tough privacy laws. It will take a long time and much
effort for Google to navigate this thicket of information privacy laws,"
said the expert.
However, Google has recently been cleared in the UK by the Information
Commissioner, as it has been found that Street View vehicles had
not collected "significant" personal details but the company it is still
under investigation by the Metropolitan police.
In the meantime, the company continues to extend its Street View service
into Europe and stated in August they would send their Street View cars to
Czech Republic stops Google from further Street View photography
Czechs halt Google Street View (15.09.2010)
Strong German opposition to Google Street View: report (19.09.2010)
EDRi-gram: Google Street View faces citizens' reservation in EU (25.08.2010)
8. FSFE insists on promoting free PDF readers
The Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE) calls on all Europeans to seek
out advertisements for proprietary PDF readers on their government's
websites, and report them. In addition, FSFE has prepared a petition
demanding an end to such advertising practices, and encourages the public to
sign it.
"Every time that state websites link to non-free applications and encourage
visitors to use them, they needlessly encourage citizens to throw away their
freedom", says Karsten Gerloff, FSFE's President.
As websites such as pdfreaders.org demonstrate, Free Software PDF readers
exist for all major operating systems. Fellows of FSFE launched the project
in 2009 in response to public bodies' habit of advertising a particular
non-free product on their sites.
FSFE's Fellowship Coordinator Matthias Kirschner comments: "What would you
think about a sign on the highway saying 'You need a Volkswagen to drive on
this road. Contact your Volkswagen dealer for a gratis test drive'? When it
comes to PDF readers, governments seem to think that this is acceptable."
Such endorsements give unfair advantage to whichever proprietary product
they recommend, and are often accompanied by inaccurate statements
presenting the application as the only available option.
The hunt begins on 13 September 2010 and will continue until 17 October
2010. Prizes will be awarded at the end of October to the individuals and
groups who report the greatest number of proprietary software advertisements
on government websites.
Free Software PDF Readers
Petition For The Removal Of Proprietary Software Advertising On Government
Get a Free Software PDF reader!
(Thanks to Free Software Foundation Europe)
9. ENDitorial: Internet blocking in ten weeks and counting
Within the next ten weeks, the European Parliament will finish its crucial
first reading of the Directive which, if the European Commission has its
way, will impose an EU-wide blocking infrastructure - undermining child
protection, fundamental rights and the EU's voice on freedom and democracy
in the world.
The measure proposed is quite interesting. The text reads as follows:
"Member States shall take the necessary measures to obtain the blocking of
access by Internet users in their territory to Internet pages containing or
disseminating child pornography. The blocking of access shall be subject to
adequate safeguards, in particular to ensure that the blocking is limited to
what is necessary, that users are informed of the reason for the blocking
and that content providers, as far as possible, are informed of the
possibility of challenging it."
The first point to note is that it proposes an undefined approach and not
any form of minimum standard. Any technology that could possibly follow
under the dictionary definition of blocking, no matter how technologically
flawed, no matter how out of date, no matter how damaging to networks would
be acceptable. The
Commission simultaneously feels that the problem is so urgent that blocking
must be proposed, yet the problem is so unimportant that any deficient or
out of date technology is perfectly fine. The supporters of blocking have
been very curiously and very completely silent on this point.
The "safeguards" are also of limited value. Ensuring the blocking is limited
to what a Member State considers "necessary" means little, with countries
like France planning to block sites accused of intellectual property
infringement and Denmark blocking (and thereby boosting traffic by 12%) the
Pirate Bay website. Informing the users about the reasons for the block is
not a safeguard, it is a very limited exercise in transparency. Finally, a
provision whereby the owners of websites depicting serious crimes against
children are politely informed that their website is the subject of a weak,
inadequate blocking system is not a safeguard - unless you are the grateful
criminal being given this valuable information.
So far, many Members of the European Parliament have been convinced that
blocking is an undesirable option. Unfortunately, however mantras being
repeated by a powerful alliance of businesses, Commission-funded NGOs and
the Commission itself are having an effect on parliamentarians. As a result,
the most likely outcome at the moment is a "compromise" that would say
blocking should be a last resort, once everything else has been tried. So,
an obligation would be imposed on Member States to build a blocking
infrastructure, with the request that they not use it, if possible.
Three messages are being pushed particularly hard:
1. This proposal is only about child abuse images, it will not spread into
other policy areas. This message is being pushed even though the Commission
itself is offering funding for blocking of other material, even though the
Council of Ministers has adopted a text supporting blocking to protect
national gambling monopolies and even though blocking is spreading into
other fields in countries such as Belgium (gambling), Bulgaria (gambling),
France (gambling and intellectual property), Italy (gambling, intellectual
property, free online advertising, defamation, cigarette import, steroid
advice) and Lithuania (gambling).
2. Blocking "works in some cases". In no case can leaving a child abuse
website online be considered "working". In no case can leaving criminals
unpunished and victims unprotected be considered working. Yet, somehow, the
impression is being created that the abuse websites are somehow just a
nuisance that will disappear if we can only persuade the whole continent to
look away.
3. Blocking "stops accidental access,"  yet it has proven completely
impossible for the European Commission to produce evidence from the Internet
hotlines that it funds (on condition that statistics are produced!) showing
that there are any fewer complaints about illegal content being found online
in countries with blocking compared with those without blocking. In any
event, with only approximately one person in every three thousand reporting
illegal content, the numbers involved are miniscule.
Unless something is done now, in a few short years, blocking will have
sapped the political motivation to take real measures to fight online child
abuse. The powerful intellectual property lobby and national gambling
monopolies have had blocking installed for their interests. The
"self-regulatory" blocking so enthusiastically supported by the Commission
will be used by the tabloid media to pressure Internet Service Providers to
block whatever takes their fancy (as can be seen in the USA  from the
Craigslist case and the case where T-Mobile allegedly blocked text messages
for a legal medicinal marijuana supplier). One would almost feel sorry for
the Commission in years to come when it tries to explain to China or Iran or
Turkey they are placing too many restrictions on the use of the Internet.
The reason why blocking is never the answer is that "blocking" leaves the
website online - it doesn't block the website at all, it takes down the
signpost, while leaving infinite numbers of roads to the blocked site open.
It leaves the illegal site easily accessible for anyone who wants to see it.
It does nothing to investigate the criminals or the users of the site, it
does nothing to identify and rescue the victims. All it could conceivably do
is stop accidental access and nobody has been able to show that this is a
problem that would require a blocking infrastructure to be developed, which
anyway can be (and already is in several countries) misused for less
important issues, such as protecting national gambling monopolies. Only
about one person in every three thousand , in any one year, reports illegal
child abuse material to a national hotline - the argument that blocking is
necessary as a short term solution to prevent accidental access while
websites are being taken offline simply bears no relationship with reality.
The time is now to protect the Open Internet in Europe. The time is now to
contact parliamentarians and persuade them not to make possibly the biggest
mistake in the history of the Internet in Europe and the world.
EDRi's blocking booklet
German Version
T-Mobile sued for allegedly blocking pot-related texting (18.09.2010)
Censoring Craigslist (8.09.2010)
European Commission funding proposal
Proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on
combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child
pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
"Impact assessment": Accompanying document to the Proposal for a Council
Framework Decision on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA -
Impact assessment {COM(2009) 135} {SEC(2009) 356
Commission official explains the Commission's research:
Cybercriminals thank Commissioner Malmstrvm:
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
10. Recommended Reading
Charter for the democratic use of video-surveillance
Available in 9 EU languages
OSCAR or the denial of European citizenship to Roma (only in French,
Fringe Special: Overview of all FOI laws: 80 national FOIAs - 184
sub-national FOIAs - & 2 international FOIA compiled by Roger Vleugel
Internet Governance Forum a beacon of openness
11. Agenda
8-9 October 2010, Berlin, Germany
The 3rd Free Culture Research Conference
25-26 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
OECD Conference on "Privacy, Technology and Global Data Flows", celebrating
the 30th anniversary of the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and
Transborder Flows of Personal Data
27-29 October 2010, Jerusalem, Israel
The 32nd Annual International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
28-31 October 2010, Barcelona, Spain
oXcars and Free Culture Forum 2010, the biggest free culture event of all
3-5 November 2010, Barcelona, Spain
The Fifth International Conference on Legal, Security and Privacy Issues in
IT Law.
5-7 November 2010, Cologne, Germany
Transparency, Work, Surveillance
Joint Annual Meeting of FIfF and DVD
5-7 November 2010, Gothenburg, Sweden
Free Society Conference and Nordic Summit
17 November 2010, Gent, Belgium
Big Brother Awards 2010 Belgium
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
Submission deadline for Full Papers and Position Papers: 16 November 2010
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 27 members based or with offices in 17 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and visibly on the
EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-04-06 21:35:10
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.7, 6 April 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.7, 7 April 2011
1. Czech Constitutional Court rejects data retention legislation
2. EDRi responds to IPR Enforcement consultation
3. EDPS criticizes the EU PNR scheme
4. Ten Internet Rights & Principles for Human Rights and Social Justice
5. Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act
6. German Internet blocking law to be withdrawn
7. 80 NGOs ask CoE to investigate government collection of biometrics
8. RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework formally adopted
9. Website blocking and suspension discussions in the UK
10. Big Brother Awards Germany 2011
11. Privatised online enforcement series: B. Is "self-regulation" worse than
12. ENDitorial Data Retention: Is the EC trying to dig itself out of a hole?
13. Recommended Action
14. Recommended Reading
15. Agenda
16. About
1. Czech Constitutional Court rejects data retention legislation
The Czech Constitutional Court declared national data retention legislation
unconstitutional on 31 March 2011. This is part of the Electronic
Communications Act and its implementing legislation according to which
records of e-mails, phone calls, and SMS as well as websites accesses of
every citizen should be retained by telecommunications companies for a time
period of six months, as an implementation of the Data Retention Directive.
This court decision followed previous decisions of the constitutional courts
of Germany and Romania.
The complaint filed with the Constitutional Court was prepared by activists
from EDRi-member Czech civic rights organisation Iuridicum Remedium and 51
MPs from the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) and the Green Party (SZ) who
signed it in March 2010.
The Constitutional Court decision criticizes the Czech transposition of the
Data Retention Directive. The Czech legislation requires the retaining of a
larger number of data than the directive demands, where the use of data is
not limited to investigating terrorism and serious organised crime. There
was a lack of the principle of subsidiarity in the legislation related to
eavesdropping, although these data are equally sensitive. This has led to a
large number of requests for such data by the police. The national
legislation lacked, according to the constitutional court, clear and
detailed rules for the protection of personal data as well as the obligation
to inform the person whose data has been requested.
The court said that EU law was not part of the constitution of the Czech
Republic and that the directive could therefore not be reviewed by the
Constitutional Court. According to the court decision, the content of the
Data Retention Directive gives the Czech Republic sufficient space for
its constitutionally conformal transposition. However, the Constitutional
Court has doubts about the necessity and proportionality of the data
retention principle in the obiter dictum paragraphs (p. 55-57). The court
doubted whether the blanket monitoring of the communications of all citizens
in terms of intensity of intervention into the private sphere is necessary
and appropriate. The court also doubted the effectiveness of the use of the
retained data in combating crime, particularly with reference to the
possibility of anonymising communications. The police statistics show that
despite a significant increase in the number of requests for traffic and
location data, this did not translate into a proportional number of
committed and solved crimes.
The Constitutional Court also regards certain provisions of the
Criminal Act concerning the use of such data by authorities engaged in
criminal proceeding as highly questionable and it called on MPs to consider
its modification. According to the Court, it will be necessary to consider
each individual case in which data have already been requested in order to
be used in criminal proceedings, with respect to the principle of
proportionality regarding privacy rights infringement.
Text of the complaint (only in Czech)
Text of the court decision (only in Czech) - to be translated in English in
the next 2 weeks
Constitutional Court: Spying on Communication Declared Unconstitutional
Constitutional Court invalidates telecommunications data retention
law (1.04.2011)
Czech Republic: Constitutional Court Overturns Parts of Data Retention Law
(Contribution by Jan Voboril - EDRi-member IuRe - Czech Republic)
2. EDRi responds to IPR Enforcement consultation
European Digital Rights has submitted on 31 March 2011 its response to the
European Commission's consultation on the implementation of the IPR
Enforcement Directive.
The response examines the claims made by the Commission, the evidence (or
lack thereof) for its assumptions and the lessons that it draws and fails to
draw from the experience of European citizens with the implementation of the
Directive. The first section of the response deals with the overall approach
of the Commission and its reaction to what it calls "ubiquitous"
unauthorised filesharing online. EDRi questions whether many of the
assumptions regarding the "cost" of such filesharing are correct,
particularly with a growing body of research indicating that the impact is
either zero or close to zero.
This leads on to a more fundamental question of the legitimacy of current
copyright legislation. If breaches really are "ubiquitous," is a response
which is mainly or wholly based on repression either proportionate or
effective? With equally ubiquitous problems concerning the cost, the format
and the availability of audiovisual material, would it not be better to
properly service the market rather enforce respect for a broken market?
With regard to criminal law and unauthorised access to audiovisual content,
EDRi argues that the Commission's current approach of treating
"counterfeiting and piracy" as one phenomenon, as if the causes and
solutions for counterfeit medication are the same as for private music
downloading, is simply wrong. Indeed, worst than that, treating both as the
same can only result in either counterfeit drugs being subject to unduly
weak countermeasures or unauthorised access to audiovisual material being
treated disproportionally harshly.
The response pays particular attention to the vague and dangerous assertion
that the fundamental right to privacy can somehow be re-balanced against the
right, included in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, to property. The
response points out that a balance between rights can never be done in the
abstract, rendering the whole approach by the Commission meaningless. It
goes on to point to the UNESCO Convention on Protection and Promotion of the
Diversity of Cultural Expressions (which the EU collectively and almost all
Member States individually have signed up to), which, in article 2, explains
that cultural diversity can be protected and promoted only if human rights
and fundamental freedoms, such as freedom of expression, information and
communication, as well as the ability of individuals to choose cultural
expressions, are guaranteed."
In its report, the Commission also subtly mentions that "it could be useful
to clarify that injunctions should not depend on the liability of the
intermediary". What this means in practice is that courts could ignore the
provisions of the E-Commerce Directive on "mere conduit" (regarding access
to illegal material) and on the imposition of a "general obligation to
monitor". The Commission's view - and the view that it has given to the
European Court of Justice in the Scarlet/Sabam case - is that national
courts may (and should) impose monitoring, blocking and filtering
obligations on Internet service providers and that the E-Commerce Directive
should not prevent them from doing this. The Commission's analysis fails to
acknowledge, let alone address, how this would be compatible with the
European Charter of Fundamental Rights - the same Charter that it so eagerly
uses to defend the weakening of the fundamental right to privacy.
The EDRi response concludes by listing a set of issues to be addressed in
any impact assessment used to justify a re-opening and extension of the IPR
Enforcement Directive.
EDRi response to IPRED Consultation (31.03.2011)
Report on the enforcement of intellectual property rights (COM(2010) 779)
Analysis of the application of Directive 2004/48/EC on the enforcement of
intellectual property rights in the Member States (SEC(2010) 1589)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. EDPS criticizes the EU PNR scheme
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) issued on 25
March 2011 his opinion on the European Commission's proposal to oblige
airline carriers to provide EU Member States with personal data (PNR) on
passengers entering or leaving the EU space, with the declared purpose to
fight serious crime and terrorism.
On 2 February 2011, the European Commission made a new proposal for a PNR
Directive, to extend the passenger-tracking systems already in use in the UK
and US to all flights to and from the EU. PNR data may include personal
information such as home addresses, email addresses, mobile phone numbers,
frequent flyer information, and even credit card information.
In the EDPS' opinion, although the new proposal is an improved version as
compared to the previous document released in 2007, particularly due to the
addition of data protection safeguards, the restriction of the proposal's
scope and the conditions for PNR data processing under EU data protection
law, it is still unjustified.
The EDPS draws attention to the fact that the Proposal does not meet
"the essential prerequisite to any development of a PNR scheme - i.e.
compliance with necessity and proportionality principles".
The EDPS emphasizes that the need to collect or store massive amounts of
personal data must be substantiated by a clear demonstration of the
relationship between use and result (necessity principle). Hustinx believes
the proposal and the accompanying Impact Assessment fail to demonstrate the
necessity and the proportionality of a large collection of PNR data for the
purpose of the systematic assessment of all passengers.
The EDPS raises concerns related to the use of PNR data "in a systematic
and indiscriminate way" and believes that the only measure compliant with
data protection requirements would be the use of PNR data on cases when
there is a serious threat established by concrete indicators on a
case-by-case basis.
Hustinx makes a series of recommendations, among which a further limitation
of the proposal's scope that would exclude minor crimes and the possibility
for Member States to extend its reach. He also questions the
inclusion of serious crimes which have no relation to terrorism.
One recommendation is the limitation of the data retention period to 30
days, except for cases which require further investigation. The data
should be retained in an identifiable form.
The EDPS recommends a higher standard of safeguards, especially in relation
to the data subjects' rights and transfers to third countries.
While welcoming the fact that sensitive data were not included in the list
of data to be collected, the EDPS still considers the list to be too
extensive and recommends its further reduction in agreement with
the recommendations of the Article 29 Working Party and the EDPS.
Hustinx says that an assessment of the EU PNR system "should be based on
comprehensive data, including the number of persons effectively convicted -
and not only prosecuted - on the basis of the processing of their data." He
also recommends the assessment of the system "in a broader perspective
including the ongoing general evaluation of all EU instruments in the field
of information exchange management launched by the Commission in January
2010. In particular, the results of the current work on the European
Information Exchange Model expected for 2012 should be taken into
consideration in the assessment of the need for an EU PNR scheme."
Meanwhile, the UK Home Office has expressed concern over the delay of the
draft PNR Directive and has shown its support for the extension of any
passenger-tracking system to flights between EU countries as well as those
outside EU territory. The House of Lords has recently urged the
Government to opt in to the proposal, ensuring its change to include all
international flights.
EU Passenger Name Record: proposed system fails to meet necessity
requirement, says EDPS (28.03.2011)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Proposal for a
Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the use of
Passenger Name Record data for the prevention, detection, investigation and
prosecution of terrorist offences and serious crime (25.03.2011)
PNR should be deleted after 30 days, says EU privacy watchdog (1.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: Commission's proposal for PNR Directive fails to impress MEPs
4. Ten Internet Rights & Principles for Human Rights and Social Justice
The Internet Rights and Principles Dynamic Coalition (DC-IRP) launched on 31
March 2011 its "10 Internet Rights and Principles" for an Internet
governance rooted in human rights and social justice.
These 10 Internet Rights and Principles are part of a global initiative
undertaken in the framework of the UN Internet Governance Forum (IGF), by
the DC-IRP to develop a comprehensive Charter of Human Rights and Principles
for the Internet. In addition to the 10 Internet Rights and Principles, the
Charter is built into two sections. The first interprets human rights and
defines principles that stem from these rights for the purposes and concerns
of the information society. The second section addresses the roles that
different actors and stakeholders should play in order to uphold these
rights and principles.
This Charter is not an attempt to create new rights, but to reinterpret and
explain universal human rights standards in a new context - the Internet.
The Charter re-emphasizes that human rights apply online as they do offline:
human rights standards, as defined in international law, are non-negotiable.
The Charter also identifies principles, deriving from human rights, which
are necessary to preserve the Internet as a medium for civil, political,
economic, social and cultural development. It describes the responsibilities
that states have in relation to the Internet as well as the part that all
individuals and society organs have to play, considering that the Internet
is, through its design, a trans-boundary multi-stakeholder environment where
no single entity has control.
In this context, the 10 Internet Rights and Principles outline the core
demands in order to defend and expand the Internet as a space which is
empowering, open and accessible to all. To this end, they identify the main
requirements that should be met in the online environment, with regards to:
universality and equality; rights and social justice; accessibility;
expression and association; privacy and data protection; life, liberty and
security; diversity; network equality; standards and regulation; and
Governance. Such guidelines for policy and practice are much needed at a
time where human rights and social justice are under a double threat on the
Internet, from governments (both authoritarian and democratic) who seek to
control it, and from businesses who seek to monetise it.
The 10 Internet Rights and Principles were launched at the second expert
meeting on "Freedom of Expression and the Internet" in Stockholm, convened
on 30-31 March 2011 by the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs. The UN
Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Opinion and Expression and the OSCE
Representative on Freedom of the Media, who attended this launching event,
welcomed this initiative.
The DC-IRP is an international multi-stakeholder network of people and
organisations - among them a number of EDRi members and observers - who are
working to uphold human rights on and through the Internet. Its Charter is
currently released as a beta version, and the Coalition welcomes comments
and contributions on its website. The 10 Internet Rights and Principles
derive from the Charter, distilling it down into 10 core demands. They are
already available in more than 15 languages, with further translations still
DC-IRP main website with the 10 Internet Rights and Principles
DC-IRP website dedicated to its Charter
Second Expert Meeting on Human Rights and the Internet Stockholm
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRi-member IRIS - France)
5. Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act
In July 2010 UK ISPs TalkTalk and BT filed papers seeking a Judicial Review
(JR) of the Digital Economy Act, and were then granted a hearing. In the UK,
JRs are rare. They can be brought when there is concern that a UK law
contradicts over-riding legislation (e.g. European law). They sought the
Review on four grounds: that the UK government didn't notify the EU as
required under the Technical Standards Directive; that the Act does not
comply with e-privacy laws; that the Act does not comply with e-commerce
legislation; and that the Act has a "disproportionate" effect on ISPs,
businesses and the public. More recently a fifth ground was added, related
to the Costs Sharing Order and its consistency with the "Authorisation
The hearing began on 23 March and finished on 28 March 2011.
The Claimants BT and TalkTalk were joined by Consumer Focus
and Article 19, who submitted evidence of the "chilling effect" of the
DEAct. EDRi-member Open Rights Group submitted evidence as a "friend of the
court", covering primarily the effect on public Wi-Fi provision, the privacy
questions, and the weaknesses of IP evidence. As well as legal submissions
from Francis Davey, we submitted a witness statement from Jim Killock and an
expert report on the technical questions behind a reliance on IP address
evidence from Richard Clayton.
The primary Defendant is the Secretary of State for Business, Skills and
Industry (ie the Minister in charge of the department that was responsible
for the Bill / Act the time of passing). They were joined by the BPI, the
British Video Association Limited, Broadcasting Entertainment Cinematograph
and Theatre Union, Equity, Film Distributors' Association, the Premier
League, the MPA, The Musicians Union, Producers Alliance for Cinema and
Television, and Unit.
A full daily summary of the JR hearing is up on our blog. There seemed (to
this not-legally-trained observer) to be two key points and one interesting
observation. First, that the Defence spent a long time arguing that the
substantive powers to which the grounds of the JR should apply are not
contained in the Act and will be in the yet-to-be-published final 'Initial
Obligations Code'. A key question for the Judge is the extent to which
the Act determines the important substantive details concerning the
obligations on ISPs and consumers, which would make it possible for the
Judge to decide on whether the Act as it stands with or without the IOC is
in breach of EU law - or whether in fact it is the IOC that will in effect
enact substantive powers.
Second, the judge was very careful in his assessment of the nature of the
"proportionality" test he was being asked to consider, and the extent to
which he was being asked to make a judgement on the policy judgements that
Parliament have made. He seemed to be reluctant to be drawn into a judgement
on the accuracy or wisdom of a public policy assessment.
One interesting point is that many of the arguments that policy wonks
might think are most important, for example concerning how robust the
evidence used to justify the Act is, or the likely benefits of the Act, were
seemingly some of the least important in legal terms.
It is very hard indeed to guess which way the Judge will fall. He listened
carefully to all arguments. The Judge said that he'll take his time to
consider the submissions; we expect (speculation) that this means 6 to 8
weeks from the end of the hearing.
Judicial review of the Digital Economy Act (8.07.2010)
Digital Economy Act 2010 to Face Judicial Review (9.12.2010)
Submission to the Judicial Review of the Digital Economy Act (1.02.2011)
DEA Judicial Review - Day 1 (23.03.2011)
(Contribution by Peter Bradwell - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
6. German Internet blocking law to be withdrawn
On 5 April 2011, Germany's governing conservative and liberal
parties agreed in a coalition committee meeting that the disputed law on
Internet blocking of child abuse material (Zugangserschwerungsgesetz,
ZugErschwG, "Access Impediment Act") will be dropped.
The law had been enacted by the previous parliament in June 2009, but it had
never been fully implemented after the newly elected coalition decided to
only use the law's provisions for take-down, not those for blocking. After a
one-year "trial period", the new consensus seems to be that the law will be
withdrawn through a new act of the Parliament.
There is speculation that the decision could be part of a wider "package
deal" that might see Germany's data retention revived after the German
Constitutional Court had declared the previous data retention law partly
unconstitutional, but this was denied by speakers for Germany's liberal
party, FDP. German digital rights groups welcomed the decision on the
blocking law, but they will be watching how it is implemented in detail.
Last EDRi-gram article on Germany's Internet blocking law, reporting on
the law's history and a pending constitutional challenge that would be
rendered obsolete if the law is now withdrawn (23.02.2011)
EDRi-gram on the ruling against Germany's data retention law (10.03.2010)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken, EDRI member FoeBuD)
7. 80 NGOs ask CoE to investigate government collection of biometrics
An international alliance of organisations, including EDRi and several
EDRi-members, and individuals from 27 countries has lodged a petition
calling on the Council of Europe to start an in-depth survey on the
collection and storage of biometric data by member states.
European governments are increasingly demanding the storage of biometric
data (fingerprints and facial scans) from individuals. These include storage
on contactless "RFID" chips in passports and/or ID cards. Some are going
even further by implementing database storage e.g. France, Lithuania and the
The alliance of more than 80 signatories has asked Secretary General
Thorbjxrn Jagland of the Council of Europe to urgently request the countries
involved to explain under Article 52 ECHR whether their national law on this
subject is in line with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) and
rulings of the European Court of Human Rights.
In the petition to Strasbourg the alliance states: "It is vital to obtain an
overview of the current 'patchwork' of different national laws that regulate
this sensitive and important subject. An in-depth survey has to be conducted
on whether the human rights guarantees and conditions of necessity
(proportionality, subsidiarity and safety guarantees) set by the Convention
are indeed upheld."
These rights include the protection of human treatment (Article 3 ECHR),
safety (Article 5), a fair trial (the privilege against self-incrimination
and presumption of innocence) (Article 6), physical integrity and family and
private life (Article 8), effective national legal remedies (Article 13),
non-discrimination (Article 14) and the right to leave your country (Article
2 Protocol 4).
"Article 52 clearly designates the Secretary General of the Council of
Europe as the guardian of the fundamental rights placed at risk by this
practice. We would like to emphasize that national biometric registration
legislation (often in combination with other laws) should not 'lead to
destroying democracy on the ground of defending it'", the alliance warns.
"In a democratic society the collection of the biometrics of an entire
population is a disproportionate and for other reasons unnecessary
interference with the right to privacy and other rights like the presumption
of innocence, protected by the Convention. Because of these concerns the
United Kingdom Government recently abandoned the policy of collecting
fingerprints of citizens. Yet most countries are keen to fingerprint groups
and populations of people who have committed no crime, thus increasing the
chances of identity fraud", says Simon Davies of Privacy International,
which co-ordinated the online petition initiative.
The signatories include, amongst others, digital, civil and human rights
defenders, media, legal and medical organisations, academia, politicians and
personal victims without a passport because of objections involving the
biometric storage.
The press release in other languages: Dutch, French, German, Spanish,
Lithuanian and Slovak - for immediate publication (see bottom of the page)
Text of petition (with the list of signatories) (31.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Final call for petition on government use of citizens' biometrics
Highlights of the petition (6.03.2011)
(Thanks to Robin Caron from the Alliance)
8. RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework formally adopted
The Privacy Impact Assessment Framework for RFID applications (RFID PIA) was
officially signed by European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes,
representatives of the RFID industry, the chairman of the Article 29 Working
Party, Jacob Kohnstamm, and the Executive Director of the European Network
and Information Security Agency (ENISA), Udo Helmbrecht. The ceremony took
place today, 6 April 2011, in the European Commission's Berlaymont building
in Brussels.
In its 2009 recommendation on the implementation of privacy and data
protection principles in RFID applications, the European Commission
suggested that the RFID industry should develop a framework for RFID privacy
and data protection impact assessments. In the months following this
recommendation a first draft PIA framework was developed by an informal
working group of industry representatives to which EDRi and other
stakeholders were also invited to contribute their views.
This first draft RFID PIA framework was submitted for endorsement to the
Article 29 Working Party, which did not endorse the framework but published
on 13 July 2010 in its working paper no. 175 a request for improvements.
Further improvements were suggested by ENISA in July 2010.
In January 2011 a revised PIA Framework was submitted to the Article 29
Working Party, which formally endorsed it by publishing the framework as
an annex to its working paper no.180 on 11.02.2011.
In EDRi's opinion the RFID PIA Framework, that was formally signed today,
properly follows a risk assessment methodology, which addresses the data
protection targets defined in the European data protection legal framework
and provides therefore a sound basis for a meaningful assessment of data
protection risks for RFID applications.
The RFID PIA Framework is an important milestone on the way to the
implementation of privacy friendly RFID applications. Now it is important
that industry quickly but thoroughly implements the PIA in practice.
Today's formal signing ceremony took place before the background of the
German Big Brother Awards, which were presented in Bielefeld only a few days
earlier. One of the unpopular awards was given to the European Fashion Label
Peuterey for violating the data protection rights of their customers by
secretly tagging their fashion products with RFID chips.
The next twelve months will show how the new RFID PIA Framework is
received by industry, as the European Commission is expected to present its
report on the implementation of the RFID recommendation, its effectiveness
and its impact on operators and consumers in May 2012.
EDRi sincerely hopes that today's important milestone will be followed by a
number of serious implementation efforts and that last week's German Big
Brother Award was the last one in Europe that will be awarded to a RFID
Commission Recommendation on the implementation of privacy and
data protection principles in applications supported by radio-frequency
identification (12.05.2009)
EDRi-gram 7.10: EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers'
privacy (20.05.2009)
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion 5/2010 on the Industry Proposal for a
Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
ENISA Opinion on the Industry Proposal for a Privacy and Data Protection
Impact Assessment Framework for RFID Applications (31.03.2010)
EDRi-gram 8.15: ENDitorial: Industry RFID PIA: not endorsed in its current
form (28.07.2010)
Article 29 Working Party: Opinion 9/2011 on the revised Industry Proposal
for a Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
Annex: Privacy and Data Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
9. Website blocking and suspension discussions in the UK
UK Minister Ed Vaizey is involved in discussions for private blocking
schemes to prevent access to copyright infringing websites. This follows the
delays in implementing the Digital Economy Act. It is believed by the
EDRi-member Open Rights Group and others that music and film lobby groups
are pushing for private measures that would avoid the need for legaislation
and potentially human rights considerations such as due process and freedom
of expression.
Nominet, the .uk registry is also engaging a wide range of bodies to create
procedures for suspension of domains believed to be involved in criminal
activity. Over the last two years, they have been suspending domains on
request from the police, with appeals procedure but no examination of the
legal and human rights implications. The consultation therefore presents a
step forward in creating transparency but also a longer term danger, as
registry suspensions could be abused as a short cut for law enforcement
Silence from the website blocking Working Group (5.04.2011)
Nominet talks about domain suspensions (5.04.2011)
(Contribution by Jim Killock - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
10. Big Brother Awards Germany 2011
The eleventh German Big Brother Awards were bestowed on Friday 1 April
2011 in Bielefeld, Germany. Organized by EDRi member FoeBuD, the
ceremony featured eight negative awards in various categories.
In the "Communication" category, Facebook was one winner for
"systematically poking its nose into people and their relationships,
behind the friendly fagade of an ostensibly free service". In the awards
speech, Facebook was described as a "gated community" on the Internet,
comparing it, in several aspects, to the closed housing estates found in
an increasing number of places across the world.
Another "Communication" award went to Apple for virtually "blackmailing"
its customers into accepting a dubious privacy policy as part of a terms
and conditions document that, when displayed on the iPhone, takes up 117
pages. Consent to the privacy conditions should be voluntary, according
to Germany's data protection law, but without consent, the iPhone's
functions are reduced to telephony. With consent, Apple and partners
receive excessive amounts of data, including the device's location.
One winner in the "Workplace" category was German car maker Daimler, one
of several employers that demand blood tests from their employees, which,
in most cases, was not required by industrial law - in the words of the
award speech, a form of modern-day vampirism.
Another "Workplace" award went to the German Customs authority, for
promoting a certification named "Authorized Economic Operator" (AEO) to
companies with international business relationships. The certification
involves checking each employee against EU or US anti-terror lists. This
use of personal data has no legal foundation, meaning that German
Customs encourage companies to use their employees' personal data in an
illegal way.
In the "Technology" category, the fashion brand Peuterey was cited for
introducing RFID in clothing, not as theft-prevention attachments but
sewn into jackets under a label saying "do not remove this label".
The "Consumer Protection" award went to a publishing house called
"Knowledge and Information" (Verlag f|r Wissen und Information) that
doesn't actually produce and trade its own books but asks schools to
distribute book coupons which can only be redeemed if names and
addresses of the pupil and at least one parent are supplied. A blogger's
investigation uncovered that the "publisher's"s business model was mainly
a partnership with financial investment advisers and with a manufacturer
of vitamin pills. Those that accepted and used the coupons were offered a
telephone "interview" on the subject of "learning, health, and future".
One award was actually collected by its winner (only the third time that
this has happened in eleven years): Gert Wagner, head of the "census
commission" that promotes this year's German census, defended the
project against the accusation that it collects excessive and dangerous
amounts of data, with too little information and without legal recourse.
Mr Wagner's courage was appreciated, but when he attempted to put down
his critics as "living in a parallel universe" and stressed that the
census was justified by the mere fact that it had proper legal
foundation, it did not win him many friends in the audience.
The winner in the "Politics" category was the Interior Minister in the
state of Lower Saxony, Uwe Sch|nemann, for the first known use of a
police drone for clandestine monitoring of a public gathering during
protests against a nuclear waste transport to Germany's main storage
facility at Gorleben in the Wendland region.
The audience award for the most "impressive, surprising, shocking, or
outrageous" winner went to Facebook, on just over a third of the votes.
Nominations for the next Big Brother Awards are open until the end of
this year.
BigBrotherAwards Germany 2011 (1.04.2011)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken - EDRi-member FoeBuD)
11. Privatised online enforcement series:
B. Is "self-regulation" worse than useless?
Much of the policy with regard to "self-regulation" in the context of
illegal online content is developed on the basis that anything that industry
can do to help fight crime is automatically a good thing. The assumption is
that, however distasteful it is that private companies should be regulating
and enforcing the law in the online world, it is better that "somebody" is
doing "something". The reality is, however, very different.
The first area where Internet intermediaries started enforcing the law is in
relation to child abuse images. The European Commission funds "hotlines" to
receive reports of child abuse images and these send reports to law
enforcement authorities and Internet hosting providers and, sometimes,
Internet access providers. Law enforcement authorities are supposed to play
their role in investigation and prosecution, while Internet providers are
supposed to play their role, in diligently and within the rule of law,
removing content that has been shown to be illegal and supporting collection
of evidence by law enforcement authorities.
At a recent meeting of the European Commission "dialogue" on dissemination
of illegal content within the European Union", the Safer Internet Unit of
the Commission gave a different and more worrying analysis. A representative
explained that many EU police forces did not prioritise online child abuse
and even if it was on the priority list in some countries, it was at the
bottom. The proposal was made, therefore, that hotlines should send reports
directly to Internet hosting providers to delete the websites. The fact that
this would facilitate and propagate the alleged inaction of the police
appears not to be a consideration.
This approach is confirmed by the European Commission's guidelines for
co-funded hotlines on notice and takedown (that are, unsurprisingly, not
publicly available), which suggest that agreements should be signed between
the hotlines and the police. These guidelines suggest that "the agreement
should preferably stipulate a deadline for the police to react after which
the hotline would proceed with giving notice". In other words, law
enforcement authorities would be assured that, if they remained wholly
inactive for an agreed period, the evidence of their failure to address
serious crimes would be diligently hidden by the hotlines, in cooperation
with well-meaning "industry self-regulation".
This is, unfortunately, far from the only example. As mentioned above,
hotlines also contact Internet access providers. In some countries, these
take it upon themselves to undertake technically limited "blocking" against
sites identified as being illegal. In Sweden, for example, ISPs "block"
sites and receive an updated list from the police every two weeks. The
pointlessness of this whole process is shown by the fact that, while the
lists are updated every 14 days, the British hotline, the IWF, has produced
statistics showing that the average length of time the sites remain online
is only twelve days. In other words, on average, there are no functioning
sites at all on the "blocking" list one day out of every seven.
Unfortunately, this activity is not just useless, it is worse than useless.
In a speech given to the German Parliament, a Danish police official
explained that, having "blocked" the websites domestically, the police in
that country do not see any point in communicating evidence of serious
crimes against children to the police forces in the United States and
Russia, because they probably wouldn't be interested. It is difficult to
imagine another crime which would be treated in such a trivial way.
Reports from the European Commission are that there will be a major push to
increase the "safer internet" budget, which is currently being reviewed. As
yet, there are no signs that any lessons are being learned regarding the
failures of "self-regulation" under the current programme.
Internet Watch Foundation Annual Report 2010
EDRi-gram: Dialogue on illegal online content (28.06.2010)
Child abuse is difficult to stop on the web (only in Swedish, 29.09.2010)
Danish police statement
Privatised Online Enforcement Series
A. Abandonment of the rule of law (23.03.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12.ENDitorial: Data retention: Is the EC trying to dig itself out of a hole?
The Data Retention Directive was adopted in 2006 in very controversial
circumstances. Article 15 of the Directive placed a clear obligation on the
European Commission (EC), to submit "no later than 15 September 2010" a
report on the evaluation of the Directive and its impact on economic
operators and consumers". Today is the 203rd day since that evaluation
report was due to be published. This raises the obvious question - why has
the Commission, as "guardian of the treaties" failed to respect its legal
obligation and when will it finally comply?
The main reason for the delay is that some crucial mistakes were made at the
beginning of the review process. Firstly, the Commission failed to recognise
that, under the Charter on Fundamental Rights, the Directive is only legal
if it is both "necessary and genuinely meet(s) objectives of general
interest." Its second mistake was to reach its conclusion ("data retention
is here to stay") before starting the research, thereby limiting its scope
and assuming that the Member States would have answers to its questions
about the assumed value of data retention. The Commission then limited
itself further by not seeking any information from Member States that had
not implemented the Directive. This definitively prevented the Commission
from being able to compare how much essential extra data is stored as a
result of the Directive, thereby making the legislation "necessary".
As a result, when the Commission asked for data in the second quarter of
2010, it received little useable information from the Member States. As a
result, Commissioner Malmstrvm made a personal plea to Member States during
the July 15 Justice and Home Affairs Council, followed by a letter (linked
below) from the Commission to Member States. The letter betrays the
Commission's disregard for the Charter (which each Commissioner swore a
legally binding oath to support) by showing that it is not seeking to
demonstrate "necessity" - "without this information it will be difficult for
the Commission to adequately demonstrate that the Directive is useful". It
further lowered the level of evidence it was requesting by asking for
examples of where data retained under the Directive "played a determining
role", rather than asking for examples of where data that would not
otherwise have been retained played a determining role.
Having created this untenable situation, the Commission managed to dig
itself even deeper during the "Taking on the Data Retention Directive"
conference in December 2010. For reasons that are far from obvious,
Commissioner Malmstrvm made a speech arguing that "data retention is here to
stay", despite the fact that inadequate information had been received from
the Member States (who mostly ignored her personal plea at the July Council
meeting) and despite the fact that her services were still months away from
being able to provide a useable summary of the paltry information that was
provided by the Member States.
So, where are we now? The Home Affairs Directorate General (DG HOME) of the
European Commission submitted a draft evaluation report at the end of
February, resplendent in blank spaces where the Member State information
should have been put, for review by colleagues from the rest of the
Commission. These have now provided their feedback which, by all accounts,
did not lavish praise on the work done so far. When and how the DG HOME will
update the document based on this feedback is not yet clear - what is clear
is the disastrous position their prejudging of the outcome of this process
has created.
The Commission has simply no basis, on the weak evidence presented by the
Member States, to argue that the value added to law enforcement by the
Directive shows that it is "necessary" (and therefore legal). It therefore
cannot move forward with a revision of the Directive. For the same reason,
it cannot opt simply to do nothing. It also cannot refine the Directive by
learning from the experience of Member States, like Germany and Romania,
that have not implemented the Directive, for the simple reason that it did
not request any information from those countries. And, having pandered to
the wishes of certain large Member States by proclaiming that "data
retention is here to stay," even a tactical retreat seems politically
difficult, even if it is legally and practically the only reasonable step
Perhaps the Commission should stop digging and start listening, learning
from the insightful words of a Swedish Liberal MEP on the day that the
Directive was adopted in the European Parliament. "This is a difficult issue
on which to adopt a position. Reflection is required, together with a solid
factual basis in relation to the privacy aspect, the technical consequences
and the actual costs for telecommunications operators and thus consumers."
Data retention Directive
Letter from the Commission to Member States (27.06.2011)
Czech Constitutional Court rejects Data Retention Law (31.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Romanian Constitutional Court Decision against Data Retention
EDRi-gram: German Federal Constitutional Court Rejects Data Retention Law
Commissioner Malmstrvm's "data retention is here to stay" speech (3.12.2010)
Explanations of vote in the Euopean Parliament on the Data Retention
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
13. Recommended Action
Public consultation on on-line gambling in the Single Market. The final
questions in the Green Paper asks about the value of, and options for,
blocking of gambling websites.
Deadline: 31 July 2011
14. Recommended Reading
Paul de Hert / Rocco Bellanova: Transatlantic Cooperation on Travelers'
Data Processing: From Sorting Countries to Sorting Individuals
(Migration Policy Institute, 2011)
European Data Protection Commissioners insist on the need for a
comprehensive EU approach to data protection (6.04.2011)
EU survey: 72% of Europeans not informed about their fundamental rights  15. Agenda
7-8 April 2011, Amsterdam, Netherlands
European Legal Network Conference "Free Software law for the next ten years"
13-15 April 2011, Berlin, Germany
Re:publica XI: Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
5-6 May 2011, Milano, Italy
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - public conference
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
16. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2011-04-20 21:20:52
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.7, 20 April 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.8, 20 April 2011
1. Top 10 misleading statements of the European Commission on data retention
2. European Commission's Net Neutrality report
3. Implementation of the SWIFT agreement under review
4. French Parliament issues a positive report on Net Neutrality
5. Dutch government announces measures against downloading
6. Italian court found Google responsible for search suggestions to users
7.Privatised enforcement Series C: The law according to the Advocate General
8. ENDitorial:CoE: A New Notion of Media. For Better or For Worse?
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Top 10 misleading statements of the European Commission on data retention
The European Commission adopted its evaluation report on the Data Retention
Directive this week. In anticipation of the Commission to hide the numerous
failures of the Directive by omission and dissemblance, EDRi produced a
"shadow report" providing a more accurate assessment of the Directive, using
the Commission's own methodology. The Commission lived down to our
expectations, with the report itself and the Commissioner's press conference
producing an imaginative selection of misleading statements. The following
are ten of the most egregious examples:
1. The evaluation report shows value of "retained data"
In its implementation report and its press spin, the Commission made
repeated reference to the value of retained data for law enforcement
purposes. What it studiously avoided saying is that the vast majority of the
data used for law enforcement purposes do not rely on the Data Retention
2. The Madrid and London bombings showed the need for data retention
The Commission seeks to justify the excesses of the Directive by referring
to the terrorist attacks in Madrid and London. Retained data were indeed
useful in Madrid - but the data used were retained by operators for billing
purposes and, therefore, irrelevant to the data retention Directive.
3. "Data retention is a necessary measure"
The European Commission neither sought nor was provided with any evidence
that the extra data retained under the Data Retention Directive was either
necessary or useful. In the absence of any evidence, it is impossible for
the Commission to credibly make this statement.
4. "Industry needs data retention"
It is equally not necessary for the industry, which fought against the
measure prior to its adoption and has seen the range of rules and
obligations get more and more onerous and fragmented as the Commission has
lobbied for adoption of the Directive by the Member States. Why would the
industry need  an instrument which creates rather than removes barriers?
5. The Constitutional Courts did not criticise data retention per se.
This is factually untrue in relation to Romania.
6. The Commission must take infringement proceedings against Member States
that have not implemented the Directive
It is remarkable that the Commission is acting vigorously against Member
States that have not implemented the Directive, yet has taken no measures -
and has threatened no measures - against Member States that have
implemented it incorrectly in ways which further undermine citizens' rights.
Examples include countries that have been identified in the report that have
no process for deleting the data once it has exceeded the retention period.
7. The Directive was asked for by the Member States unanimously
Member States have never unanimously asked for a data retention Directive.
In fact, it was precisely because unanimity was not possible that the EU was
not able to adopt data retention as a security measure. As a result of that
failure of Member States to achieve unanimity, the Commission proposed a
Directive, to force Member States that do not believe that data retention is
necessary to impose it anyway.
8. There are no examples of abuses of retained data
The Commission's document suggests that there are no examples of retained
data being abused. This is despite the fact that the Commission is aware of
at least two major abuses, namely:
- German telecommunications giant Deutsche Telekom illegally used
telecommunications traffic and location data to spy on about 60 individuals
including critical journalists, managers and union leaders in order to try
to find leaks. The company used its own data pool as well as that of a
domestic competitor and of a foreign company.
- In Poland retained telecommunications traffic and subscriber data was used
in 2005-2007 by two major intelligence agencies to illegally disclose
journalistic sources without any judicial control.
9. Some of the data retention is "permitted" by the E-Privacy Directive,
rendering analysis of the impact of the Data Retention Directive
This analysis is bizarre because the Commission itself made a statement when
the E-Privacy Directive was adopted saying that the E-Privacy Directive
"should neither prohibit nor approve any particular measure Member States
may deem necessary," because a single market instrument could not place
limits on a third pillar (i.e. law enforcement) policy area. No retention
measure is therefore permitted by the E-Privacy Directive.
10. Data from 20 Member States shows an average of 148 000 requests per year
for retained data
Statistically correct, this statement by Commissioner Malmstrvm omits to
mention that half of those requests were in one Member State, Poland, which
has implemented the Directive in a way which permits vast abuses of the data
being retained. Commissioner Malmstrvm in her speech went on to say that "if
the data were not helpful, law enforcement authorities would presumably not
spend human and financial resources on requesting them in those numbers".
She is either unaware or indifferent to the fact that they are not asking
for the data in those numbers - apart from Poland, they are asking for
vastly fewer data.
Commission statement on the E-Privacy Directive
Commissioner Malmstrvm's speech on the evaluation report - Data Retention
Directive - a valuable tool in fighting serious crime and terrorism, but in
need of improvement (18.04.2011)
Official data retention evaluation report (18.04.2011)
EDRi shadow data retention report (17.04.2011)
Commission faces battle on data retention (19.04.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. European Commission's Net Neutrality report
The European Commissioner for the Digital Agenda Neelie Kroes presented on
19 April 2011 its report on net neutrality, which brings nothing significant
to the table, except strengthening the "wait and see" approach already
presented at the Net Neutrality Summit in November last year.
The Commission's report is already confirming the unequal treatment of
Internet traffic, quoting the results of the survey made by BEREC (Body of
European Regulators for Electronic Communications) in early 2010 in several
EU member states:
- Limits on the speed of peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing or video streaming
by certain providers in France, Greece, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland and the
United Kingdom;
- Blocking or charging extra for the provision of voice over internet
protocol (VoIP) services in mobile networks by certain mobile operators in
Austria, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal and Romania.
However, the decision by Kroes is not to act, but to wait: "Together with
national telecoms regulators, the Commission will spend 2011 closely looking
at current market practices. At the end of 2011, I will present the findings
and will publicly name operators engaging in doubtful practices."
And even if something is wrong, the problems will be related just to
the correct information of the consumer: "I will be looking particularly
closely for any instances of unannounced blocking or throttling of certain
types of traffic, and any misleading advertising of broadband speeds. If I
am not satisfied that consumers can counteract such practices by switching
providers, I will not hesitate to introduce more stringent measures."
In fact the report itself praises the violations of the net neutrality
principles, by supporting operators' claims:
"It is widely accepted that network operators need to adopt some traffic
management practices to ensure an efficient use of their networks and that
certain IP services, such as for instance real-time IPTV and video
conferencing, may require special traffic management to ensure a predefined
high quality of service".
La Quadrature du Net has been quick in qualifying the report as
disappointing. Jirimie Zimmermann explained:
"Mrs Kroes hides behind false free-market arguments to do nothing at all,
pretending that competition and consumer law can successfully address the
issue. In most Member States, mobile phone operators agree on engaging in
the very same discriminations in their so-called 'mobile Internet' offers.
These operators simply do not offer access to the universal platform of
communications we call 'the Internet'. By turning a blind eye on these
practices, the Commission covers anti-competitive behaviours that hinder
innovation and violate users' freedom of communication."
Neelie Kroes European Commission Vice-President for the Digital Agenda :The
internet belongs to all of us. Press conference on Net Neutrality
Communication Brussels (19.04.2011)
Commission Communication: The open internet and net neutrality in Europe
Net Neutrality: The European Commission Gives Up on Users and Innovators
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Net neutrality - wait and see the end of the open
Internet (17.11.2010)
3. Implementation of the SWIFT agreement under review
A review prepared by the EU delegation of the joint review team on the
implementation of the SWIFT (TFTP) agreement concluded that "all of the
relevant elements of the Agreement have been implemented in accordance with
its provisions, including the data protection provisions". The report has
been accepted by EU Justice and Home Affairs Council.
The agreement, which was signed on 28 June 2010, foresees the transfers to
the USA of financial payment messages held by Society for Worldwide
Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), to be used in the Terrorist
Finance Tracking Program (TFTP).
Europol is the body which has the specific task to check whether requests
from the US Treasury Department for SWIFT data comply with the terms of the
TFTP Agreement, while the Europol Joint Supervisory Body (JSB) is to review
Europol's activities. An inspection mandated by the JSB to check Europol's
implementation of the TFTP Agreement has revealed a lack of audit of the
data transfers in a report published in March 2011.
The four requests made during the inspection were made in abstract terms,
for broad types of data, which makes impossible compliance with Article 4(2)
of the TFTP Agreement (which says that requests must be tailored as narrowly
as possible). The JSB recommended that the requests had to contain more
detailed information, specific to each request, and that the US authorities
might need to provide certain additional information.
Moreover, it has come out that there is a lot of information provided orally
by the US Treasury Department to Europol staff with no written requests to
allow the proper verification of compliance with the data protection
MEPs have shown their concerns related to the findings of the German report
and expressed their disagreement to Europol's activity.  "As Members of
Parliament we feel betrayed reading this report (...) We voted in favour
(of this agreement last year) in the trust that both parties would apply the
adopted agreement" which "concerns the transfer of sensitive data belonging
to our citizens", said Alexander Alvaro (ALDE, DE), Parliament's rapporteur
on the TFTP agreement.
Although the joint review prepared by the EU delegation had a different
conclusion, it included recommendations contradicting its findings. Thus,
the EU review team recommended "more publicly accessible information on the
way the program functions, in as far as this is possible (...) in
particular, the overall volume of data provided to the U.S. authorities and
the number of financial payment messages accessed." It also suggested
"further enhancing the Europol verification procedure referred to in Article
4," and "more verifiable statistical information on the added value of TFTP
derived information to efforts to combat terrorism and its financing in
order to further substantiate the added value of the program." It also
recommended "improving some aspects of the provision of information to the
general public on the rights accorded to them under the Agreement."
As MEPs had asked the director of Europol to answer to their concerns,
Europol issued an information note to the European Parliament on 8 April
2011. According to the information note, Europol had taken into
consideration the JSB's recommendations and "comprehensively reviewed the
process. A revised version was adopted and introduced in March 2011."
"The procedural steps involved in the process include specific actions to
assess the validity of the US request in terms of its compliance with the
criteria established in Article 4, including a record of the verification
officer's operational judgement and a record of the advice given by the
Legal Affairs Unit and Data Protection Office (DPO). The DPO has seen every
request since the Agreement entered into force, but following observations
made by the JSB, Europol decided to make certain practical enhancements to
the process to ensure a more efficient involvement of the DPO.
As part of the process, a standard template is used as a formal record of
the advice from each party and of the authorising officer's final decision,"
says the information note.
Europol fails to audit the transfer of SWIFT financial data to the USA
Report on the inspection of Europol's implementation of the TFTP agreement,
conducted in November 2010 by the Europol Joint Supervisory Body (1.03.2011)
EU Council: Report on the joint review of the implementation of the
Agreement between the European Union and the United States of America on the
processing and transfer of Financial Messaging data from the European Union
to the United States for the purposes of the Terrorist Finance Tracking
Program (17-18.02.2011)
Europol Activities in Relation to the TFTP Agreement
Information Note to the European Parliament (8.04.2011)
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs Press release- SWIFT
implementation report: MEPs raise serious data protection concerns
4. French Parliament issues a positive report on Net Neutrality
Last week, a trans-partisan/cross party parliamentary mission set up by the
Economic Affairs committee of the French National Assembly released a report
on Net Neutrality. After working on the report for more than five months and
conducting dozens of hearings, the mission led by Laure de La Raudihre (UMP,
conservative) and Corinne Erhel (PS, socialist) presented a 145-page
document covering most aspects of Net Neutrality.
Overall, the report is extremely positive - probably one of the most
detailed ever issued on the matter by public authorities in Europe. Although
it draws to a large extent on the French electronic communication regulatory
authority's (ARCEP) 10 proposals from September 2010, the report goes
further on several aspects.
In particular, the report includes a call for the legislative protection of
Net Neutrality, which is defined as "the ability of Internet users to send
and receive any application of their choice, to connect any device and use
the programmes of their choice, as long as they don't harm the network with
a quality of service that is transparent, sufficient and non-discriminatory
(...)". Interestingly, the non-discrimination criteria is interpreted
strictly, as the the authors explain that all traffic should be treated
equally, thereby rejecting the so-called traffic differentiation. Traffic
differentiation would have allowed for different treatments according to
types of traffic.
The document confines acceptable management of Internet traffic to cases of
legal obligations, unforeseen congestion or if the network's security is at
risk. By doing so, it draws a clear line between the Internet and managed
services, which are defined as all electronic communications for which
operators guarantee a specific quality of service and manage traffic to that
aim. To make sure the difference between the Internet and managed services
is clear, the report further proposes to reserve the "Internet" label to
offers abiding by the principle of Net Neutrality.
The most political aspect of the report is its strong stance against content
blocking, as the parliamentary mission calls for systematic judiciary
oversight of mandatory blocking measures. The mission therefore opposes the
recently adopted legislation which grants the police the power to block
child abuse websites (LOPPSI law). The rapporteurs also suggest that instead
of acting preventively to block "illegal" communications, a repressive
logical approach -"whereby illegal activities supported by such
communications are condemned"- should be pursued.
One of the shortcomings of the report, however, lies in the fact that it
leaves out the issue of network management techniques and whether these
should be regulated. In February, a preliminary version suggested that
techniques such as Deep Packet Inspection should be monitored so as to
ensure that they are not used in a way that jeopardizes the privacy of
Internet users. It is unknown why this issue was eventually dropped from the
final version.
The work of the mission and the reception of the report by other members of
the Economic Affairs committee of the French National Assembly is a positive
step. But it remains to be seen if and how the report will actually
translate into actual policies. Rapporteur Laure de La Raudihre has
indicated that she is ready to table a legislative proposal to implement
some of the recommendations of the report. But with the 2012 elections
coming up in France and considering that the agenda of the French Parliament
is already quite full, any vote on Net Neutrality before late 2012 is very
unlikely. But the content of the report already gives a clear signal to
telecoms operators that, for some lawmakers at least, the future of the
Internet matters more than their narrow business interests.
The proposals put forward in the document are the following:
A. First axis: enshrine Internet Neutrality as a political goal
Proposal  define the Net Neutrality principle
Proposal  establish promotion of Net Neutrality as a political goal and
give regulatory authorities the power to impose obligations suited for its
B. Second axis: strict supervision of Internet blocking
Proposal  further question the justifications for legal blocking
measures, despite their seeming legitimacy, due to their inefficiency and
the adverse effects they may lead to
Proposal  establish immediately a unified procedure which includes the
intervention of a judge
C. Third axis: protect the Internet's universality and guarantee its quality
Proposal  reserve the "Internet" label to offers which respect the
neutrality principle
Proposal  create an Internet quality observatory
Proposal  assign Arcep (national regulatory authority) the mission of
guaranteeing an Internet of sufficient quality
D. Fourth axis: ensure sustainable financing of the Internet
Proposal  study the economic stakes attached to the Internet network
Proposal  carefully assess the creation of a European "data call
The report (only in French, 13.04.2011)
ARCEP has published ten proposals and recommendations for promoting a
neutral and high quality Internet (15.11.2010)
Net Neutrality: An Encouraging Report From the French Parliament
Parliamentary Report recommend introducing Net Neutrality into the law (only
in French, 13.04.2011)
(contribution by Filix Triguer - La Quadrature du Net)
5. Dutch government announces measures against downloading
On 11 April 2011, the Dutch government published its copyright policy
plans for the coming years. The plans include restricting the currently
existing private copying exception and the possibility to block access
to websites facilitating copyright infringement. EDRi-member Bits of Freedom
objected against the plans, which will lead to more repression while not
providing a sustainable solution for the conflict between copyright and the
Currently, downloading material without authorisation is considered to
fall within the scope of the private copying exception under the Dutch
copyright act. The Dutch government wants to restrict this exception to
the effect that downloading from an evidently illegal source shall be
deemed unlawful. In addition, the government wants to make it possible
for rightsholders to have Internet providers block access to websites and
services facilitating copyright infringement, as a last resort. Although the
government does not intend to prosecute individual internet users, it cannot
guarantee that rightsholders will not do so in civil actions.
In arguing for its plans, the government also refers to repressive
copyright policies outside The Netherlands. As a justification for the
restriction of the private use exception, reference is made to the Gallo
report which was adopted in 2010. In addition, reference is made to
draft legislation in the United States and policies in the United
Kingdom regarding the blocking of websites. Digital rights organisation
Bits of Freedom strongly objected to the new plans, stating that they
will merely lead to repression of internet users and open the way to
Dutch government copyright plans (only in Dutch, 11.04.2011)
Press Release Bits of Freedom (only in Dutch, 11.04.2011)
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom, Netherlands)
6. Italian court found Google responsible for search suggestions to users
On 31 March 2011, an Italian court of Milan ruled that Google was
responsible for its Google Suggest, the "autocomplete" function that
suggests words and characters to complete a partial search for its users.
The case was brought to court by a person whose name, when typed in the
Google search field, was associated, through the "suggested searches" (now
"related searches"), to the words "truffatore" (con man, swindler) and
"truffa" (scam, fraud). The person's public image as an entrepreneur and
provider of educational services in the field of personal finance suffered
and the man's lawyer, Carlo Piana, argued that Google could control the
content produced by its autocomplete function.
Google defended itself by claiming that it was protected by the E-Commerce
Directive exempting online service providers from liability for content they
give access to but not created by them.
"Google argued that it could not be held liable because it is a hosting
provider, but we showed that this is content produced by them (and by the
way, they do filter out certain content, including terms that are known to
be used to distribute copyright infringing material), although through
automated means," wrote Carlo Piana in a blog post.
The court agreed, emphasizing that Google's autocomplete search was not
entirely automatic and Google did have control over the defamatory
suggestions its algorithms came up with.
Moreover, Google had failed to intervene to correct the specific combination
of words despite the warning sent by the office of the applicant. An
ordinance last January had already called to intervene but Google did not
take action, arguing that the system was based on statistical evaluations
arising from users' searches and therefore the engine is not responsible for
the content generated..
Google was ordered to filter out libellous "search suggestions" and to pay
the man 1500 Euro for the rights affected, and 2300 Euro for various legal
According to a report by All Technology News, Google has already censored in
2011, in its auto-complete keyword search, some words related to alleged
illegal piracy. Users no longer receive suggested entries for partially
entered characters for some p2p platforms.
Guido Scorza, a lawyer specializing in new media and technology law and
founder of the Institute for Innovation policies believes the court's
decision is "an erroneous interpretation that does not take into account the
technological context and media provided for reference or the scope of
certain types of behaviour in a typical environment". In his opinion, "a
sequence of three words, with no punctuation or logical connection, on a
blank page and just below a field of search, in 2011, is not a meaningful
sentence, let alone a sentence of offensive content."
"We believe that Google should not be held liable for terms that appear in
autocomplete as these are predicted by computer algorithms based on searches
from previous users, not by Google itself. We are currently reviewing our
options," was Google's statement.
Google has lost similar cases last year in France, Sweden and Brazil.
Google is responsible for 'autofill' search terms, says Italian court
The Italian Court Decision (only in Italian, 31.03.2011)
Autocompletion brings liability (5.04.2011)
Google Suggest, convicted in Italy (only in Italian, 6.04.2011)
Words, just words (only in Italian, 6.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: First decision in the Italian criminal case against Google
executives (24.02.2011)
7.Privatised enforcement Series C: The law according to the Advocate General
The Advocate General of the European Court of Justice recently published his
views with regard to the Scarlet/Sabam case C-70/10 in the European Court of
Justice. This is a crucial case with regard to privatised enforcement, as it
is the first time that the legality of this approach has been tested. The
case came as a result of an attempt by the Belgian collecting society Sabam
to require the small Belgian ISP Scarlet to install a filtering system to
monitor all peer to peer traffic on its network and block files which Sabam
ruled to be unauthorised. As Scarlet was a small, struggling ISP, Sabam
hoped that they would comply to avoid high court costs.
Since the start of the case, however, things have unravelled somewhat for
Sabam. Firstly, Scarlet was taken over by the Belgian former incumbent
Belgacom, which had the resources and ability to fight the case and,
secondly, Sabam was humiliated by an undercover TV "sting" which showed them
demanding royalties for artists that do not exist (such as Suzi Wan, a brand
of noodles) and demanding royalty payments for use of their non-existent
The Advocate General described the case as being about (paragraph 54)
"delegating the legal and economic responsibility of the fight against
illegal downloading to Internet access providers." Sabam's action in
bringing the case has been very valuable to digital rights. If they had not
brought this case, the European Commission would have been vigorously
pushing in favour of exactly such measures, claiming that this approach was
legal without immediate fear of contradiction.
For example, in the recent Communication on the implementation of the IPR
Enforcement Directive, the Commission argued that such injunctions might be
applied, without contradicting any relevant EU law or human rights law. This
is also the advice that it gave to the Court. Indeed, the Commission had
already run a "dialogue on illegal up- and downloading" with the industry
and the content industry with the aim of achieving "voluntary" breaches of
the right to privacy and the right to communication that are at stake in the
Scarlet/Sabam case, albeit without success.
The view of the Advocate General is that the filtering and blocking demanded
by Sabam would constitute an infringement of the fundamental rights to
privacy and communication. As such, the requirements imposed by the Charter
on Fundamental Rights and Convention of Human Rights in such cases would
have to be met. In particular, the Advocate General explains that
restrictions must be based on law, the law must pre-date the restriction and
the law must be necessary, proportionate and effective. Interestingly
(paragraph 113), he also says that Article 52.1 of the Charter creates an
implicit obligation for the law to be properly legitimated by a legislative
In paragraph 52 of the Opinion, the Advocate General explains that,
according to the Charter on Fundamental Rights, the proportionality of a
restriction of fundamental rights needs to be defined both by the
legislator, when formulating the law on which the restriction is based and
by the judge imposing the restriction. Not only does this contradict the
Commission's input on in this particular case, it also places huge doubts
over a wide range of Commission initiatives. For example, in recital 13 of
the Child Exploitation Directive, the Commission bizarrely suggests
"stimulating" internet providers to undertake blocking and filtering
"voluntarily," circumventing the law, the legislator and the judge.
It remains to be seen what lessons the European Commission will take from
this ruling in its demands for more extra-judicial policing from Internet
intermediaries. In particular, will the Commission stop funding projects,
such as CIRCAMP, its entire raison d'etre being in fundamental contradiction
with this Opinion?
Advocate General's Opinion (only in French, 14.04.2011)
Court of Justice Press Release (14.04.2011)
The Suzi Wan playlist
EU in "secret talks" to stop illegal downloads (28.01.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
8. ENDitorial:CoE: A New Notion of Media. For Better or For Worse?
The fourth meeting of the Council of Europe (CoE) Committee of experts on
new media (MC-NM) was held on 28-29 March 2011 in Strasbourg, with two main
points on its agenda. The first one was a discussion on comments received in
response of its public consultation on two draft recommendations on the
protection of human rights with regards, to search engines and to social
network services, respectively. This MC-NM work is led by The Netherlands
representative (Sjoera Nas), with the help of the Secretariat. Both draft
recommendations are accompanied by guidelines for providers of such
services. The second agenda item was the discussion on a draft
recommendation on a new notion of media. Discussions on both points started
during previous meetings, in March and September 2010.
The public consultation on social networks and on search engines will be
allowed some more time, since only few responses have been received so far,
mainly from civil society organizations, since only one main industry actor
from the sector provided its comments. Unsurprisingly, the former confirmed
that the main concerns of the civil society are to ensure a better data
protection for citizens using this kind of services, as well as stronger
legal protection of their freedom of expression and information, especially
when they are threatened by content filtering and blocking practices.
Unsurprisingly too, the fact that personal data are the major currency of
so-called free services - especially when used for behavioral profiling and
advertising purposes - is perfectly reflected in the Industry actor
The simple fact that a single response was received from the web 2.0
industry reveals the need to regulate this sector - at least to make it
healthier - for a better respect of fundamental rights. As a matter of fact,
since the EU and some European countries at the national level started to
deal with - and even to fine - a major US search engine company, it has led
to understand that when a company operates in a given region or country, it
has to abide by its law. Most probably, it would take the same process for
social network services to "learn by example".
At least, one would have expected some responses from European social
networks, but they might not yet have understood that such process of
jointly defining human rights guidelines with institutions like the Council
of Europe - as the European association of Internet service providers
(EuroISPA) and the Interactive Software Federation of Europe (ISFE, online
games providers), respectively, did - would prove a better strategy for them
than the vague development of "ethical codes of conduct" through a so-called
self-regulation process.
Most part of the March 2011 MC-NM meeting was however dedicated to the
discussion of the draft recommendation on a new notion of media. As
previously reported, this work is examining to which extent and under which
conditions web 2.0 services should be considered as part of a "media
ecosystem" (rather than the brave old traditional "media landscape") and
consequently be regulated, partly or totally, by media laws, with all the
issues at stake in terms of fundamental rights, democracy and the rule of
After the intense discussions during the last MC-NM meeting in September
2010, the project has now developed into both a draft '"Recommendation on a
new notion of media" and its draft "Appendix" providing two "Toolkits" with
the purpose to help deciding whether and to which extent a web 2.0 service
should be considered as a media. The first toolkit defines a set of
criteria, each being qualified by numerous indicators. The second one gives
directions on how to use and apply these criteria, accompanied by a list of
This "unorthodox presentation'" as it was acknowledged during the meeting,
in addition to the rather unorthodoxically high amount of employed effort to
define these criteria, indicators, and "policy maker manual" (it took the
MC-NM Chair, Thomas Schneider, the Switzerland representative, a retreat in
the Swiss mountains together with the Serbian and Bulgarian representatives
and the Secretariat to come up with these documents!), are enough to show
how tricky the issue is.
The major difficulty is indeed to ensure that web 2.0 services would be
considered as media and their use be protected as such, through provisions
on freedom of the press and protection of journalism, in view of public
interest and pluralism of opinions, and more generally speaking the
protection of democratic values (an approach that EDRI would commend and
advance) At the same time, to ensure that they would not be considered as
media when this means that industry owners of these services would retain
editorial control on their users' expression and information and would
benefit from exemptions or derogations to, say, data protection obligations
"to reconcile the right to privacy with the rules governing freedom of
expression" as set forth ( though "solely for journalistic purposes or the
purpose of artistic or literary expression") in article 9 of the European
Data Protection Directive (an approach of web 2.0 services that EDRI would
stand against and strongly fight). The current draft documents suggest a
dual response to this dilemma.
First, they recommend the adoption of a new and broad notion of media that
considers a whole "media ecosystem" where media actors in the traditional
sense coexist and interact with actors performing a whole set of functions.
These would include, in addition to media production and distribution
actors, not only users turned into ubiquitous prosumers, application
designers and content aggregators, but also a number of "intermediaries" or
"auxiliaries" (including from the Telecommunications sector) providing and
operating infrastructures, networks and platforms. The recognition of such a
media ecosystem would need to acknowledge that some of these new actors have
become essential pathfinders to information, to the extent that they have
the power to act as its gatekeeper. Not to mention that this ecosystem is
also a market, where the dominant position at the national or global level
that some actors have acquired should also be looked at as a media
concentration issue with its democratic consequences and the related
question on whether public service obligations should be imposed on these
industry actors.
Secondly, they advocate the adoption of a graduated and differentiated
approach in terms of media policy when applied to such different actors,
depending on their performed functions, their kind of interactions, keeping
in mind that this media ecosystem develops in a fluid and multidimensional
reality. To this end, a list of "media indicators" is suggested, and grouped
under six criteria: (1) editorial control or oversight or moderation, (2)
purpose, (3) intent, (4) outreach, (5) professional standards, and (6) third
party expectation. For each criterion, a detailed list of indicators has the
purpose of precising the media character (is a given web 2.0 service truly a
media?) and of defining the appropriate scale of graduated and
differentiated media policy to be applied (to which extent a given web 2.0
service performs a media function?).
The discussion on the draft recommendation itself has rather quickly led to
consensus within the group on the relevance of this new notion of media as
an "ecosystem", reflecting this proteiform universe with the diversity and
fluidity of its actors, their functions and interactions, although EDRI
unsuccessfully opposed the now unfortunately unavoidable mention of
"self-regulatory tools, including codes of conduct" that obviously go much
further than the sole "journalist deontological codes" given such an
extended notion of media.
The discussion on the toolkits and especially the criteria and their sets of
indicators was harsher, since it debated the practical issue of which media
policies should be applied to which web 2.0 services, in which way and to
which extent. EDRi made clear its position that, first and foremost, the
document must clearly set what is NOT a media, and should NOT be considered
as such in any circumstances, but rather as a pure communication service.
This is needed to avoid the temptation by some governments, when it comes to
media policy implementation at national level, to use the Council of Europe
Recommendation and Toolkits for unintended purposes, or even to hijack them.
This could result in repressive policies with regards to freedom of
expression and freedom of information, that the Council of Europe
institutions would not be able to oppose since these policies would have
been "blessed" by its own recommendations!
While EDRi acknowledges and commends the Council of Europe best intentions
to uphold fundamental rights, freedom of the media and democracy in the new
media sector with this work, it has to advocate serious caution with regards
to the unintended consequences that might - or rather would probably -
derive from such a process, and do its best to ensure that strong guaranties
are provided to avoid their occurrence. To only take the first criterion as
an example, its extended definition as "editorial control or oversight or
moderation" rather than being restricted to "editorial control", is an issue
in itself.
The very difference between a traditional notion of media and such a new
notion is mainly characterized by an ex-ante editorial control in the former
case and an ex-post moderation (or more generally speaking an "oversight and
capacity to act" on the content public availability) in the latter. The
simple fact to group these functions, abilities and powers into a single
criterion carries the risk of equating the role of a technical intermediary
to that of an editorial board, which summarizes the whole issue of Internet
content regulation by technical intermediaries through devolved regulation
(sometimes called private censorship) that EDRi, together with many other
digital rights organizations, has been fighting for more than 15 years!
A revised version of the documents is expected for the next MC-NM meeting,
but as the situation now stands, it is unlikely that such a clear
distinction advocated by EDRi and supported almost only by The Netherlands
representatives will be introduced, unless this Council of Europe activity
gains more attention and stirs a strong controversy in the mean time.
This new notion of media will be further discussed during the next European
Dialogue on Internet Governance (EuroDIG) to be held in Belgrade on 30-31
May 2011, and will be again on the agenda of the next MC-NM meeting
scheduled on 20-21 September 2011, only some days before the next Internet
Governance Forum (IGF) to be held in Nairobi on 27-30 September 2011.
CoE CDMC website
CoE MC-NM group website
EDRi-gram: Enditorial: Council Of Europe: Bad News As It Happens
EDRi-gram: New Media, Search Engines And Network Neutrality On 2010 CoE
Agenda (07.04.2010)
CoE-EuroISPA "Human Rights Guidelines for Internet Service Providers" (2008)
CoE-ISFE "Human Rights Guidelines for Online Games Providers" (2008)
EuroDIG 2011 session on "New media" (30-31.05.2011)
IGF 2011 - Nairobi, Kenya (27-30.09.2011)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
9. Recommended Reading
Freedom House - Freedom of the Net 2011: A Global Assessment of Internet and
Digital Media (18.04.2011)
Internet freedom in Azerbaijan: Joint Statement of Institute for Reporters'
Freedom and Safety and Democracy Monitor (18.04.2011)
Article 29 Working Party -  Opinion 10/2011 on the proposal for a Directive
on the use of passenger name record data for the prevention, detection,
investigation and prosecution of terrorist offences and serious crime
Europe Creates Orphan Works Registry, Copyright ID System; Digitises EU
Content (12.04.2011)
Tim Berners-Lee: Web access is a "human right"  (12.04.2011)
10. Agenda
5-6 May 2011, Milano, Italy
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - public conference
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
24-30 July 2011, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance 2011
Applications open until 15 May 2011
11. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-08-24 22:18:02
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.16, 24 August 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.16, 24 August 2011
1. EDRi responds to European Commission consultation on gambling
2. UK riots give birth to the idea of suspending social media services
3. German DPA asks for the removal of Facebook "like" button
4. Turkey postpones its Internet filtering plans
5.  No effective sanction for Police abuse of Irish data retention system
6. US Hotline reports vast improvements in removal of child abuse websites
7. Copyright industry obtains court injunction against BT to block website
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. EDRi responds to European Commission consultation on gambling
European Digital Rights responded to the European Commission consultation on
online gambling. As previously reported, an early draft of the consultation
document appeared to be in favour of blocking, in principle, but recognised
the failings of this approach, which it described as "challenging," "costly"
and "ineffective".
The final version of the consultation document was more neutral, simply
asking about existing schemes, effectiveness and ISP liability. The
Commission finds itself in a difficult position with regard to this
consultation because it is looking at the issue of online gambling with
regard to protectionism of domestic services by Member States, real and
perceived dangers with regard to gambling addiction and organised crime
(money laundering and fraud, in particular) - without any clear idea either
from the Commission or the Member States as regards the relative importance
of each issue.
The situation is made even more complicated by Member States that claim to
be in favour of blocking of foreign (including those legally registered in
other EU Member States and non-EU ) websites for consumer protection reasons
while their real motivation is simple, old-fashioned protectionism. Belgium
provides the best example of this - on the one hand, it allowed blatantly
fraudulent TV-based games to remain in operation for years (as shockingly
illustrated by the Basta documentary team) and, on the other, it will launch
a blocking system in January to "protect consumers." Rumours are that the
main target of the blocking system is a fully legal and registered British
website deemed to offer too much competition to Belgian services.
Similarly, blocking in France "protects" French consumers from services in
Britain which give significantly higher returns to gamblers compared with
French services.
A further layer of complexity is added by a lack of clarity as to how the
blocking would be done. The Commission only refers to DNS blocking and "IP
blocking" (it is not clear if this means IP address blocking by the
intermediary or geographic blocking by the sites themselves). Blocking via
deep packet inspection, as appears possible in France in the short-to
medium-term is not discussed.
In short, the Commission was consulting in order to address one or more of
the problems mentioned above, with no clear prioritisation, and
assessed one blocking solution (DNS blocking) and one unclear solution ("IP
blocking"), while ignoring another (deep packet inspection).
EDRi's response looks at the necessity and proportionality of blocking in
relation to each of the possible motivations that are mentioned by the
Commission and in relation to each of the technologies listed by the
Commission, as well as deep packet inspection. Our view is that blocking is
not the "least restrictive alternative" in any of the possible scenarios and
that blocking of gambling sites in order to protect domestic services from
competition is a blatant and unacceptable affront to the most basic
principles on which the European Union is based.
Consultation document - Green Paper: On on-line gambling in the Internal
Market (24.03.2011)
EDRi's consultation response (29.07.2011)
Basta documentary (only in Dutch)
EDRi-gram: EC's leak describes blocking as "challenging", "costly" and
ineffective (26.01.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. UK riots give birth to the idea of suspending social media services
The recent riots that have taken place in the UK have initiated a
wave of statements from officials on the necessity to shut down or suspend
access of UK citizens to certain social media services.
The Metropolitan Police Service confirmed that it considered shutting off
some social media sites: "The MPS did consider whether social media sites
could be closed during the disorder but police do not have the facilities or
the legislation to enable this."
David Lammy, the parliamentary representative for the London
district of Tottenham, went so far as to ask BlackBerry to consider
suspending its messaging service.
Even the prime minister David Cameron in his speech in the House of Commons
indicated that there was a need to find a way to stop people from
communicating via such services:
"Free flow of information can be used for good. But it can also be used for
ill. And when people are using social media for violence we need to stop
them. So we are working with the police, the intelligence services and
industry to look at whether it would be right to stop people communicating
via these websites and services when we know they are plotting violence,
disorder and criminality."
Privacy campaigners such as Open Rights Group (ORG) are concerned about the
precedent that might be created by this situation and the possible abuse of
powers by the authorities. "Events like the recent riots are frequently used
to attack civil liberties," said Jim Killock, executive director of ORG
who added: "Policing should be targeted at actual offenders, with the proper
protection of the courts. How do people 'know' when someone is planning to
riot? Who makes that judgement? The only realistic answer is the courts must
judge. If court procedures are not used, then we will quickly see abuses by
private companies and police. Citizens also have the right to secure
communications. Business, politics and free speech relies on security and
privacy. David Cameron must be careful not to attack these fundamental needs
because of concerns about the actions of a small minority".
Reporters Without Borders urged the British authorities "to rule out any
possibility of shutting down or drastically restricting the use of social
networks such as Facebook and Twitter". The NGO also expressed its concern
on the personal data provided by Research in Motion (RIM) - the Canadian
manufacturer of the popular BlackBerry smartphone - the validity of the data
as evidence and the legality of the way it was acquired.
Reporters Without Borders declared that "(it) is not minimizing the gravity
of the situation in the United Kingdom and the urgency of the need to
restore order, but it believes that the provision of personal data to the
police sets a disturbing precedent in a western country and could have
significant consequences as regards setting an example for others kinds of
The tendency is even more concerning, as a study on the effects of
censorships published by AntonioCasilli from Telecom ParisTech and EHESS of
Paris, Paola Tubaro from Greenwich University, revealed that, actually,
censoring of the Internet and communication is a factor that increases the
violence of riots. The hypothesis is verified by the situation in Tunis
where the censoring of the Internet precipitated Ben Ali's fall and in Egypt
where the total cut off of the Internet led to the civil uprisings against
Hosni Mubarak.
Concern that social networks to be targeted as BlackBerry helps British
police identify rioters (12.08.2011)
Social media information helped prevent some riot damage, police say
Rioters' access to social media could be stopped, Government says
Prime Minister's attack on social media unwarranted (11.08.2011)
A study reaches the conclusion that Internet censuring increases the riots
(only in French, 18.08.2011)
3. German DPA asks for the removal of Facebook "like" button
Thilo Weichert, the German data protection commissioner from the Independent
Center for Privacy Protection (ULD) - the Data Protection Authority (DPA)
from the state of Schleswig-Holstein, on 19 August 2011 called on website
owners in his north German state to remove Facebook "like" buttons by the
end of September 2011 or possibly face a fine.
Weichert stated that, according to a thorough legal and technical analysis
by ULD, when people use the "like" button on Facebook pages, traffic and
content data are transferred to Facebook's US-based servers.
"Whoever visits facebook.com or uses a plug-in must expect that he or she
will be tracked by the company for two years. Facebook builds a broad
individual - and for members even a personalized - profile," stated
Weichert. ULD considers that such a profiling infringes German and European
data protection law.
In this case, if the website owners in the respective German state do not
comply with the request, ULD, after performing the hearing and
administrative procedure, may place a formal complaint, a prohibition order
as well as a penalty fine that may reach 50 000 Euro.
"We firmly reject any assertion that Facebook is not compliant with EU
data-protection standards. The Facebook 'like' button is such a popular
feature because people have complete control over how their information is
shared through it," was Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes's statement.
Facebook admitted the "Like" button could pass on information such as user
IP addresses, but said the data was deleted after 90 days according to the
industry standard.
Having strict online privacy policies, Germany has had several issues with
Facebook lately. German data protection authorities also said Facebook's new
facial recognition feature was illegal and asked the site to remove it and
delete all related information. They also demanded that network users get
more control over their e-mail address books in the "Friend Finder" tool.
ULD to website owners: "Deactivate Facebook web analytics" (19.08.2011)
Facebook 'like' button declared illegal (19.08.2011)
In his statement, Weichert German official: Ditch Facebook's 'like' buttons
Germany vs. Facebook: Like Button Declared Illegal, Sites Threatened With
Fine (19.08.2011)
EDRi-gram: Facebook's face recognition raises privacy complaints
4. Turkey postpones its Internet filtering plans
Having been fiercely criticized since May 2011 over its Internet filtering
system (Procedures and Principles regarding Safe Internet Use) planned to be
imposed on 22 August, the Information Technologies Board (BTK) has decided
to delay the introduction of the system till 22 November 2011 and to reduce
the number of filters that are now said to cover adult content.
The government's plan was to force Internet users to choose from among a
list of filtering packages meant to block certain unspecified websites.
Under the modified version, Turkish Internet users will no longer be obliged
to install the BTK filtering software on their computers and the number of
alternative versions of the software has been reduced from four to two
("family" and "child").
Also, under the new version, filtering is optional. A subscriber who does
not want to choose an Internet profile to be brought to the BTK will be able
to access the Internet without a profile or filtering system.
The BTK's changes follow recommendations from the Internet Council, which is
a part of the Transportation and Communications Ministry. Serhat Vzeren, the
head of the Internet Council stated for the Anatolia news agency that BTK
had paid attention to the opinions and proposals of civil society when
revising the regulation adding that the introduction of the regulations had
been postponed in order to give time for service providers to prepare their
infrastructure for the new system.
The criteria for the two optional Internet profiles would be determined soon
and would be periodically updated.
Turkey backtracks on controversial Internet filtering plans (5.08.2011)
In Turkey, Proposed Internet Filters Stir Protests (9.08.2011)
Internet agency retreats on filtering, but does not give up (10.08.2011)
EDRi-gram: Don't use "crispy" on the Turkish Internet! (4.05.2011)
5. No effective sanction for Police abuse of Irish data retention system
Recent media reports have confirmed that an Irish Garda (Police) detective
sergeant will not face criminal prosecution and will keep her job despite
abusing the data retention system to spy on an ex-boyfriend.
In November 2010 the annual report of the judge who oversees the Irish data
retention system confirmed media reports that the sergeant, who then worked
in the Garda intelligence division, had abused her position by accessing the
phone records of her former boyfriend, tracking details of his
communications. It appears that this came to light when the former boyfriend
became suspicious that she knew about calls which he had made since they
separated, and not as the result of any internal audit or other safeguards.
Following a Garda investigation, the Director of Public Prosecutions has
directed that no criminal charges will be brought against the sergeant, and
after an internal disciplinary process she will retain her job. Despite this
abuse of trust, the sergeant has been transferred to the Garda Special
Branch, an anti-terrorist division within the police force, where she will
continue to have access to sensitive information.
The matter was also referred to the independent Garda Siochana Ombudsman
Commission which decided not to investigate the matter further.
A number of significant questions are left unanswered. In relation to the
specific case: Why was no prosecution brought? Why was it considered
appropriate to leave a person found to have abused sensitive records in a
position of responsibility, much less the Special Branch? Why was this
person not dismissed?
More general questions are also raised: Was this part of a wider pattern of
abuse? Is there an adequate internal audit trail of data retention requests?
If so, who is responsible for reviewing that trail? Does the designated
judge access a sample of requests from the preceding year to ensure that the
surveillance was appropriate? If not, what other steps are taken to review
the approximately 15 000 data retention requests which are made every year?
Given the lack of adequate sanctions for this abuse and the failure of
either the designated judge or the Department of Justice to provide answers
to these questions it is hard to see how the Irish public can be expected to
have any confidence in the data retention system.
Report of the Designated Judge (26.01.2010)
Judge's report reveals allegations that Garda used phone records to spy on
her ex (20.02.2011)
Garda detective quizzed for 'spying on her ex', Mail on Sunday, (27.06.2011)
Garda accused of bugging her ex-boyfriend, The Sunday Times, (20.02.2011)
Garda who spied on her boyfriend will keep job, The Sunday Times,
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
6. US Hotline reports vast improvements in removal of child abuse websites
In the course of the past year the US National Centre for Missing and
Exploited Children (NCMEC) made huge improvements in its handling of both
domestic and international reports of web-based child abuse material. These
sudden and huge improvements come at a time when both the European
Commission and individual member states, Germany in particular, have
increased their international efforts to address child abuse crimes at
source, rather than relying on addressing the symptoms through measures such
as web blocking. These efforts are, in large part, the result of
anti-blocking campaigns on national and EU level.
Although still far from perfect (with regard to due press of law and
anonymous reporting, in particular), the US has moved from being widely
considered to being a "safe haven" for such material to introducing diligent
procedures that are significantly better than those in the EU on a number of
fronts. The raw data are impressive. In May 2010, it was taking an average
of 6.85 days to process complaints (94% of reports concerned legal material)
while in May 2011, this delay had been reduced to 0.91 days. The amount of
time to have the websites disabled was also impressively reduced, from 5.09
days to 1.99 days over the same period.
Both the EU and US systems suffer from the serious problem that sites are
removed without judicial order, thereby circumventing both due process of
law and also the automatic involvement of law enforcement authorities,
despite the seriousness of the crimes depicted on the websites. It is
inexplicable and sad that child abuse appears to be the only crime in
society where it is normal and accepted that evidence can be posted on the
Internet and not investigated and where due process of law is not an
automatic reaction to compelling evidence of the crime being found.
Ironically, the quicker the "takedown" happens, the greater the risk that
law enforcement authorities will feel able to devote their resources to
other priorities, leaving the criminals with an effective licence to commit
their crimes again. However, the US system "freezes" the site, storing all
of the data that could be used by law enforcement authorities whereas the
European approach is to simply delete the sites. The European approach
therefore often works on the assumption that there will not be an
investigation, that there will not be an effort to identify the victims, the
owner of the site and the users of the site and, crucially, removes any
pressure on law enforcement authorities to take action.
It is to be hoped that the US approach will lead to statistics being
produced to show how many times the disabling of the websites is not
followed up by law enforcement authorities - such statistics should help
focus politicians' minds on the crimes going uninvestigated and unpunished.
In the EU, European hotlines are contractually obliged by the European
Commission to produce statistics and, since last year, required to publish
public statistics. Despite this, there is very little information available
apart from the limited data provided by the Irish Internet Hotline and the
Internet Watch Foundation (UK) and the thorough and impressive data produced
by the ISPA Stopline in Austria. In the absence of such information,
policy-makers, as shown all too clearly in the blocking debate, are forced
to make policy without the data needed to make informed decisions.
NCMEC: URL reports to the CyberTipline and average # of days for staff to
NCMEC Notice Tracking System
NCMEC Notice Tracking Statistics
Irish Internet Hotline
Internet Watch Foundation
ISPA Austria Stopline
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
7. Copyright industry obtains court injunction against BT to block website
In a dangerous precedent, on 28 July 2011, an UK High Court judge ruled that
British Telecom (BT), the UK largest ISP, had to prevent its customers from
accessing Newzbin 2, a website searching Usenet and providing links to lots
of films, books and music - most of which infringe copyright.
The case was brought to court by six major film studios, including Warner
Brothers, Disney and Fox. BT will have to use in this case the technology
it has developed to block access to websites featuring images of child
According to Section 97A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, UK
courts have the power to grant an injunction against an ISP if it had actual
knowledge that someone had used its service to infringe copyright. The judge
in this case rejected Newzbin's argument that it was merely providing search
results. "In my judgement it follows that BT has actual knowledge of other
persons using its service to infringe copyright: it knows that the users and
operators of Newzbin 2 infringe copyright on a large scale, and in
particular infringe the copyrights of the Studios in large numbers of their
films and television programmes," he said.
As Article19 has pointed out, the judge ordered BT to block its subscribers
from using Newzbin.com even for legitimate purposes, and concluded that the
intellectual property rights of the rights holders "clearly outweighed" the
freedom of expression rights of the users of Newzbin.com, and "even more
clearly" those of the operators of Newzbin.com.
Also, Article19 underlined that the high court order is very likely in
breach of international standards for the protection of freedom of
expression, particularly of the proportionality principle and considers it
has set too low the threshold for ordering blocking, it does not properly
balance the right to property with the right to freedom of expression, and
shows no consideration for the chilling effect of the measure.
Ordering the blocking of an entire domain name, and not of specific
web-pages, is also considered to be in breach of the requirement for
necessity in international law. BT also argued against blocking an entire
website suggesting it would be more proportionate for the studios to provide
a list of specific web-pages to be blocked but the argument was rejected by
the court.
Other campaigners, such as EDRi-member ORG, consider the decision as
"pointless and dangerous". The worst part of this decision is that actually
the court does not really care if the technical blocking really works or
 "I agree with counsel for the Studios that the order
would be justified even if it only prevented access to Newzbin2 by a
minority of users".
ORG also raised the concern that this precedent might be a first step for
future blocking injunctions. It also tried to emphasized that "blocking
should not be seen as an easy fix for complex social problems."
Following this victory, the studios now intend to seek similar orders
against other large ISPs in the UK.
High Court forces BT to block links to pirate site (28.07.2011)
Will Newzbin be blocked? (28.07.2011)
A big week for copyright in the courts (2.08.2011)
England and Wales: blocking website sets bad international precedent
8. Recommended Action
Survey that gathers the views of internet users from all EU countries
on the use of personal information, privacy, and giving consent
online. This survey is part of the CONSENT project - a collaborative project
co-funded by the European Commission under the FP7 programme.
9. Recommended Reading
UK: Protecting information privacy - Equality and Human Rights Commission  Research report 69 (Summer 2011)
10. Agenda
7 September 2011, Berlin, Germany
Balancing the interests in the context of data retention
8-9 September 2011, Brussels, Belgium
6th Annual Conference of the European Policy for Intellectual Property
Fine-Tuning IPR debates
10-17 September 2011
Freedom Not Fear - International Action Week
16-18 September 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Creative Commons Global Summit 2011
16 September 2011, Leeds, UK
Conference "Human Rights in the Digital Era"
27-30 September 2011, Nairobi, Kenya
Sixth Annual IGF Meeting: Internet as a catalyst for change: access,
development, freedoms and innovation
11 October 2011, Brussels, Belgium
ePractice Workshop: Addressing evolving needs for cross-border eGovernment
13-14 October 2011, Lisbon, Portugal
2nd International Graduate Conference in Communication and Culture: The
Culture of Remix
20-21 October 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Open Govrenment Data Camp
27-30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
9 November 2011, Bucharest, Romania
Inet Conference: Access, Trust and Freedom: Coordinates for future Internet
11-13 November 2011, Gothenburg, Sweden
FSCONS is the Nordic countries' largest gathering for free culture, free
software and a free society.
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
11. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2011-12-14 21:56:31
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.24, 14 December 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.24, 14 December 2011
Support EDRi!
1. Council of Europe and European Commission initiatives on Internet freedom
2. Brief overview of the leaked EU Data Protection Regulation
3. Russian Government's new attempts to censor the Internet
4. European Parliament: raising awareness on "self"-regulation
5. Austria: Petition against Data Retention Directive
6. German web blocking law repealed
7. A fair Internet for all?
8. Transatlantic data privacy in debate at Privacy Conference
9. UK: Medical records in the open data programme?
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
Support EDRi!
Increasingly, your digital freedom is under threat. And unfortunately,
mostly as a result of European rules. Europe agreed to transfer your travel
data wholesale to the US. Europe obliged your telephone provider to store
your location, sometimes for up to two years. And Europe is considering
blocking websites and domain names. The list goes on.
This needs to stop. European Digital Rights (EDRi) defends your digital
freedom in Europe and needs your help. With a continuous stream of proposals
that risk eroding digital civil rights in Europe, your donation could make a
huge difference. The main goal at the moment is to keep funding the Brussels
office. This would allow us to continue to fight on all fronts mentioned
If you didn't know yet, EDRi is a European non-governmental digital rights
organisation. We defend rights such as the freedom of expression, privacy,
data protection and access to knowledge. EDRi was founded in 2002 by 10
organisations from 7 European countries. Since then, EDRi membership has
grown consistently. Currently, EDRi represents 28 organisations from 18
countries in Europe. To find out more about our activities, you can read our
Annual Reports 2009 and 2010 or continue in reading EDRi-gram to be update
on a regular basis.
If you wish to help EDRi promote privacy and fundamental rights by
supporting our specialised office in Brussels, you may donate now to:
European Digital Rights Aisbl
Bank account nr.: 733-0215021-02
IBAN: BE32 7330 2150 2102
BIC: KREDBEBB
Beyond donations, you can always support EDRi!
Read and Share our Annual reports
Flattr Us!
Promote the subscription to EDRi-gram, our free bi-weekly newsletter on
digital civil
rights in Europe
Add a link or image to your website. Here are some images you might use:
Volunteer! If you have some time and effort to spare we are always
looking for volunteers to help us in our work. Let us know what you're good
at and how you may help and we'll find a way to collaborate together.
Follow us on Twitter!
Check out EDRi on YouTube and Vimeo
This is the last issue of EDRi-gram for this year, so we would like to thank
our loyal readers for their time, hints and feedback!!
Stay tuned for the next EDRi-gram, which will be published on 18 January
1. Council of Europe and European Commission initiatives on Internet freedom
On 8 December, the Council of Europe launched a very important Declaration
on "the protection of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly and
association with regard to privately operated Internet platforms and online
service providers." The text picks up many of the themes and priorities of
EDRi's study, published in January of this year, on the "Slide from
Self-Regulation to Corporate Censorship".
The text explains that "although privately operated, they are a significant
part of the public sphere through facilitating debate on issues of public
interest; in some cases, they can fulfil, similar to traditional media, the
role of a social "watchdog" and have demonstrated their usefulness in
bringing positive real-life change".
In the context of the positive obligations of states party to the Convention
on Human Rights to defend the rights in that instrument, the Declaration
explains that "direct or indirect political influence or pressure on new
media actors may lead to interference with the exercise of freedom of
expression, access to information and transparency, not only at a national
level but, given their global reach, also in a broader international
The resolution explains that "the companies concerned are not immune to
undue interference; their decisions sometimes stem from direct political
pressure or from politically motivated economic compulsion, invoking
justification on the basis of compliance with their terms of service". The
text concludes by alerting "member States to the gravity of violations of
Articles 10 and 11 of the European Convention on Human Rights which might
result from politically motivated pressure exerted on privately operated
Internet platforms and online service providers, and of other attacks
against websites of independent media, human rights defenders, dissidents,
whistleblowers and new media actors."
Four days after the Council of Europe Ministerial Declaration was launched,
European Commissioner Vice President Neelie Kroes launched a "no disconnect
strategy" to "uphold the EU's commitment to ensure human rights and
fundamental freedoms are respected both online and off-line, and that
internet and other information and communication technology (ICT) can remain
a driver of political freedom, democratic development and economic growth."
The ambition of the announcement is quite limited in the first instance -
only addressing breaches of freedom of communication where "Europe perceives
that a vibrant and open Internet is not the norm or where grave human rights
abuses take place." While this lack of ambition is likely to come in for a
degree of criticism, it is nonetheless a step forward and should be
recognized and applauded as such.
One reason for the lack of ambition is the large range of restrictive
measures imposed by European countries in generally unsuccessful attempts to
enforce copyright. Currently, these include policies such as Internet
blocking, abuses of personal data and legal coercion of unconvicted
citizens. As if to underline the self-consciously contradictory nature of
the EU's policies in this area, Commissioner Kroes asked the unrepentant
German (alleged) plagiarist Mr Karl-Theodor zu Guttenburg (originally
described as representing US pressure group CSIS.org. that is not on the EU
transparency register) to work on the project with her. Mr zu Guttenberg is
best known for being shown to have copied his PhD thesis and, as a result,
having to resign from his former post as German Defence Minister. He is also
infamous for, together with his wife, launching a proposal for mandatory web
blocking in Germany.
Commissioner Kroes' obviously refined sense of irony failed to impress a
large number of online commentators, with a flurry of criticism appearing on
social media and on the Commissioner's blog.
Commissioner Kroes' response to criticism (13.12.2011)
EDRi study - "Slide from Self-Regulation to Corporate Censorship"
Council of Europe Committee of Ministers Declaration on the protection of
freedom of expression and freedom of assembly and association
with regard to privately operated Internet platforms and online service
providers (7.12.2011)
European Commission press release - Digital Agenda: Karl-Theodor zu
Guttenberg invited by Kroes to promote internet freedom globally
Mr zu Guttenberg's Phd scandal (1.03.2011)
Mrs zu Guttenberg's child protection activities (19.10.2011)
Legal coercion of EU citizens for copyright enforcement
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Brief overview of the leaked EU Data Protection Regulation
Last week, Europe was able to get a first glance at the "General Data
Protection Regulation" thanks to a leak by Statewatch. It is due to be
officially published on 25 January 2012 and will repeal the outdated Data
Protection Directive from 1995. It keeps the Directive's key principles but
also aims at taking into account the technological developments. It aims at
greater harmonisation and more "coherent" rules: "Differences in the level
of protection of the rights and freedoms of individuals may therefore
constitute an obstacle to the pursuit of economic activities at the level of
the Union, distort competition and impede authorities in the discharge of
their responsibilities under Union law."
The draft regulation introduces new rights and new definitions. Sensitive
data are now redefined to cover genetic and biometric data. The definition
of a data subject is mildly extended to a person who can be identified
directly or indirectly by the controller or "any natural or legal person".
New rights include clearer rights on data portability. It also introduces
mandatory reporting of data breaches as well as new competences and powers
for supervisory authorities in terms of independence and capacity. Moreover,
the regulation (article 63) establishes a European Data Protection Board
which is going to replace the existing Article 29 Working Party.
Article 2 of the Regulation defines the scope and states that it also
"applies to the processing of personal data of data subjects residing in the
Union not carried out in the context of the activities of an establishment
of a controller in the Union, where the processing activities are directed
to such data subjects, or serve to monitor the behaviour of such data
subjects." It will thus apply to businesses that have entities in Europe,
use equipment in the EU to process data or who have data processing
activities directed to EU data subjects or served to monitor their
Users can still make requests to access their data and ask for erasure. This
"right to be forgotten" (Art. 15) is basically a re-packaging of the already
existing right to deletion after the purpose has been fulfilled (Art. 12 of
Directive 95/46/EC). The current draft proposal goes further than the 1995
Directive proposing the right to erasure if the data are no longer necessary
or if the data subject withdraws his/her consent, including the right to
erasure of any public Internet link to, copy or replication of personal data
relating to the data subject in any public communication service. This
especially applies "in relation to personal data which are made available by
the data subject while he or she was a child".
It has already been argued that the article on the right to be forgotten was
not particularly well drafted and could therefore have serious and obviously
unintended implications for freedom of speech. Even though one of the aims
of this article is to counter the loss of purpose limitations in social
media, it must be carefully drafted to avoid its potential misuse as a tool
for censorship. It has also been criticised as data controllers, for
instance blogs or other independent media that do not comply with the 'right
to be forgotten', could be fined between 500 and 600 000 Euros.
One of the elements of the draft regulation that can be applauded is
represented by articles 37 and 42 which regulate data processing by third
countries. Data can be transferred to a third country only if certain
criteria are met to ensure the level of protection of individuals for the
protection of personal data. Article 42 addresses extra-territorial actions
by third countries such as the USA Patriot Act and the USA Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act and imposes barriers for foreign judicial
authorities to access European data. This article is particularly
interesting with regard to the US requests for European data such as the
request for twitter account details of European citizens that might be
related to WikiLeaks.
Proposal for a Regulation on the protection of individuals with
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such
data (General Data Protection Regulation)
9 Reasons Why a 'Right to be Forgotten' is Really Wrong (8.12.2011)
A quick review of the draft EU Data Protection Regulation- Privacy
International (8.12.2011)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
3. Russian Government's new attempts to censor the Internet
Especially during the period before and immediately after the Russian
parliamentary elections of 4 December 2011, government censorship
attacked not only traditional media, but also the Internet, which plays
now a very important role in the political debate in Russia with more than
51 million users.
An order from the Federal Security Service (FSB) asked social network
Vkontakte, with more than 5 million Russian users, to block the websites of
seven groups calling for demonstrations during the election days. As the
network refused to obey, Pavel Durov, its founder and director general, was
summoned to the Saint Petersburg prosecutor's office.
"This unreasonable order aims to deprive Internet users of the freedom of
expression, opinion and assembly. The authorities are using prevention of
violence as a pretext for reinforcing control of the Internet," Reporters
Without Borders said.
The Ria Novosti news agency was also allegedly ordered to clear its website
of any foreign news reports critical of Putin. Grigory Okhotin, recently
resigned from Inosmi, a Ria Novosti offshoot translating foreign media
articles into Russian and posting them on its website, stated on 26 November
that he had received an internal email from the head of the Internet
department asking all employees "not to post any article hostile to Putin
and United Russia on the site" during the week prior to the elections.
Also, reporters, photographers and bloggers that are critical to the
government were arrested either in the days previous to the elections or
while peacefully protesting in Moscow against the results of the
parliamentary elections and the irregularities that accompanied the polling.
Even regional forums were targeted. On 15 November, the police went to the
web-hosting company Agava Hosting and seized the server of Kostroma Jedis,
the region's most popular forum with 12 000 daily visitors, for having
posted two satirical videos criticizing governor Igor Slyunyayev.
Besides these attempts to stop protests directly, the Government also used
cyber attacks against blogs and Twitter accounts which have been flooded
with pro-government messages. Furthermore, several websites that are
critical of the government were blocked by Distributed Denial of Service
attacks before and during the elections. For instance, LiveJournal, a blog
platform hosting many anti-government blogs, was made inaccessible for three
days starting with 1 December.
Russia is classified as a "country under surveillance" in the latest
Reporters Without Borders press freedom index, and is part of the "Enemies
of the Internet" list in its latest report.
Vkontakte social network targeted by security services (9.12.2011)
Political debate disrupted by cyber-attacks and arrests (5.12.2011)
Russia: Election Day DDoS-alypse (5.12.2011)
Russia: The Revolt of "Net Hamsters" (5.12.2011)
4. European Parliament: raising awareness on "self"-regulation
What better way to raise awareness on private policing on the Internet than
to organise a workshop in the European Parliament and let the stakeholders
answer the question: "Self-regulation: Should online companies police the
internet?" On 7 December 2011 MEP Marietje Schaake organized, with support
from EDRi, an event on this issue. Among the speakers were representatives
from the European Commission, the content and internet industries and
civil society.
Representatives from the European Commission constituted the first panel.
Werner Stengg, from Directorate General Internal Market and Services, Head
of Unit Online Services, said, with regard to the E-commerce Directive,
there was no need for revision but a need for clarification on the "Notice
and Takedown" (now significantly broadened to "Notice and Action" - which
would cover any action by any intermediary rather than just hosting and mere
conduit providers). However three major, partially contradictory, issues
were raised in the consultation that need to be further discussed for 3
1) takedowns are slow or not happening;
2) fragmentation of the rules;
3) there are civil rights at stake (particularly due to incentives to
takedown content leading to excessive takedowns; no fair appeal procedure;
lack of transparency).
On 11 January 2012, there will be a communication on the E-commerce
Directive. He agreed that the important issue was the liability regime,
however he had no idea on the outcome of his ongoing work on "Notice and
Action". He said that the Commission did not reject the idea of "Notice and
Notice". They are going to take every solution proposed into account and
analyse the pros and cons, before making any decision. Detailed analysis on
this point will not be in the Communication but will follow in the second
half of 2012.
Nicole Dewandre, special advisor to the Director General advisor for
Directorate General Information Society, talked about the Corporate Social
Responsibility (CSR) communication, which puts into place 2 actions:
firstly, a multistakeholder approach to Corporate Social Responsibility and
secondly, the improvement of self- and co-regulation processes. The DG
focuses on the Internet and the digital transition.
In the first round of questions, the audience raised the question on how the
right to fair trial/due process is going to be guaranteed, especially as
there are already examples of monitoring uploaded content operated via the
content ID platform. The 2003 inter-institutional agreement between the
Commission, Council and Parliament, which excludes self-regulation in cases
where fundamental rights are involved, was also evoked. However, no
conclusive response was given by DG InfSo on that concern. Finally, the
issue of how the concept of "do not track" would be implemented was raised,
due to doubts of some participants that this was working as a
self-regulation initiative. Wouldn't more regulation be a better solution
more than self-regulation?
In the second panel, Chris Ancliff, General Counsel of Warner Music Group,
and member of the board of directors of IFPI (International Federation of
Phonographic Industry) stated that ISPs help illegal content and businesses
to flourish. According to him, ISPs, search engines, credit card
companies and advertisers have their role to play in the enforcement of
copyright law. In his mind, asking ISPs to block access was not
unreasonable. He also said that ISPs have much to gain in the process
and that the only losers would be the pirates.
Joe McNamee of EDRi briefly described ten of the main misunderstandings that
led to self-regulation proposed by some policy-makers and industry
representatives. For example, he underlined that "self"-regulation is not an
isolated issue, that ISPs were not the right entities to enforce criminal
sanctions and that it often had unintended negative consequences on
Chris Smith, representing composers and songwriters, focused on the question
of "who feeds the artist?" He also said that the ISPs must take
responsibility for the environment they created and are benefitting from.
According to the President of EuroISPA, Malcolm Hutty, Internet
intermediaries find themselves in the middle of an argument with EDRi on one
side and IFPI on the other. The issue however is far broader than copyright
since many different parties are interested in having ISPs police the
internet. ISPs face an important problem, how do deal with potentially
illegal content without causing harm to other interests? Transparency on
network management and removed material is important, but are ISPs the
competent and adequate bodies to deal with illegal/potentially illegal
content? Since blocking measures must be regulated, transparent and
proportionate, adequate safeguards must be put into place and he welcomed
the Directive on sexual exploitation of children on this point (which
rejected mandatory EU-wide blocking). Safeguards
in that Directive mean new rights granted to the citizens. Technical
measures are sometimes not possible and have consequences on reliability and
Jermyn Brooks gave a brief introduction to the Global Network Initiative
(GNI) which was created as a multi-stakeholder initiative in order to
provide maximum transparency for users and set global standards for industry
in a self-regulatory model. In his opinion, self-regulation would be a good
solution to keep up with a quickly changing environment. However it should
not replace due process. GNI is looking for the right balance between the
principles of freedom of expression and privacy and security.
Marietje Schaake underlined the fact that there was a hierarchy between
fundamental rights. She asked if the cost of enforcement was not
disproportionate to the benefits.
To perfectly end the workshop, Malcolm Hutty stressed the necessity of
applying the rule of law to the online environment.
"Self"-regulation: Should online companies police the internet?
Joe McNamee's speech (7.12.2011)
Video of the event - summary (14.12.2011)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
5. Austria: Petition against Data Retention Directive
Today, 14 December 2011,  the Austrian Arbeitskreis Vorratsdaten (Working
Group against Data Retention Austria - AKVorrat.at) handed over a petition
to the Austrian Parliament, asking for the government to be obliged to
engage against the Data Retention Directive at the EU level and to evaluate
the whole set of existing anti-terror legislation.
Six years after the Data Retention Directive passed the European Parliament,
but only a few months after it was transposed into the national law, the
activists of AKVorrat presented the petition together with 4.471 Signatures
to the vice-director of the Austrian Parliament, Susanne Janistyn.
The Austrian Parliament has only recently introduced the possibility to sign
petitions online on its website, after they have been successfully submitted
on paper. Therefore, today's event in the Parliament only marks a mid-term
goal for AKVorrat. Starting form Monday next week a broad online campaign
will be launched to reach the goal of 10 000 signatures online. Austrian
citizens starting from the age of 16 are entitled to sign petitions on the
Parliament's website.
While data retention is the most prominent issue of the campaign, the
petition also targets the countless number of laws implemented with the
argument of fighting terrorism. Therefore, the Austrian Parliament is asked
to evaluate all of these laws and to abolish them, if they are found not to
be proportionate or necessary in a democratic society.
Only in April this year the Data Retention Directive was transposed into the
national Austrian law, which will come into force on 1 April 2012. From this
date on, Austrian citizens will have the opportunity to file complaints
against this law with the Constitutional Court of Austria. AKVorrat is
committed to use this opportunity extensively.
The Austrian Working Group to abolish the EU data retention directive visits
the vice-director of the Parliament Susanne Janistyn (14.12.2011)
Online-Campaign "Stoppt die Vorratsdatenspeicherung!" (only in German)
Arbeitskreis Vorratsdaten Vsterreich (AKVorrat.at) (only in German)
EDRi-gram 9.9:Data Retention has arrived in Austria (4.05.2011)
(contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi-member VIBE!AT - Austria)
6. German web blocking law repealed
After more than two years of discussions and opposition, on 1 December 2011,
the German Parliament has finally taken the decision to drop the Access
Impediment Act, the law that proposed blocking access to websites deemed to
have child pornographic content.
The decision was already considered by the German Government in April 2011
after the law had proven inefficient for its initial purpose of fighting
child pornography and after being largely opposed by freedom activists. An
online petition to have the law overturned was signed by 130 000 people. The
decision to have such sites blocked was "ineffective, counterproductive and
represented the beginning of internet censorship," said EDRi-member Chaos
Computer Club.
The law was asking ISPs to ban a list of websites compiled and considered as
"dubious" by the Federal Criminal Police Office. As in other cases, the
blocking measures proved to be easy to circumvent and therefore inefficient.
"Internet blockings are pointless. I need around five minutes to reconfigure
my browser if I want to view that material," said programmer and Pirate
Party member Stephan Urbach.
According to many experts, the only efficient method is deleting content.
"For years, the Internet industry has been working on the continued
improvement of successful deletion. This includes securing any evidence to
the end of criminal prosecution as well as international cooperation. Now,
it only takes us a few days to take illegal content off the net," stated
Oliver S|me, Vice-President of German Internet Industry Association.
According to Justice Minister Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger, the German
decision to abolish the Access Impediment Act will influence the decisions
taken at the European level.
The next steps are now with the Federal Council that needs to accept the
law, the President to sign it and then to be published in the German Federal
Law Gazette.
Bundestag looks to delete child pornography websites (2.12.2011)
Access Impediment Act repealed (only in German, 1.12.2011)
Access Impediment Act repealed (only in German, 1.12.2011)
EDRi-gram: German Internet blocking law to be withdrawn (6.04.2011)
7. A fair Internet for all?
On 1 December 2011, the European Parliament's European People's Party (EPP)
group presented their strategy paper "A fair Internet for all -
Strengthening Our Citizens' Rights and Securing a Fair Business Environment
in the Internet". In this webstreamed hearing, the MEPs discussed the main
issues of the paper such as net and "search" neutrality, social networks,
online behavioural advertising, anonymity of users, cloud computing and
intellectual property rights. This was followed by an exchange of views with
Google, Facebook and Microsoft and the German Federal data protection
commission - who are, ostensibly "the" stakeholders in European Internet
regulation. Unfortunately, the EPP did not invite any civil society
The strategy paper acknowledges that the Internet has created a new world of
possibilities and is an essential tool for communication, innovation, and
economic growth. It contains many positive elements such as a very strong
chapter on Net neutrality. The EPP group recognises that a neutral and open
free Internet represents guiding principle which must be preserved as a
policy objective. The group therefore urges the Commission to adopt further
measures to guarantee Net neutrality. Furthermore, the text defends privacy
by design, strong data protection rules in general and the need for better
harmonisation in order to avoid forum shopping. European standards should be
applied by companies where data is collected within the EU and transferred
to third countries.
While being a solid document overall, there is also some lack of coherence
on certain points. In section 3.a of its strategy paper, the EPP suggests
to further explore a "modification of the liability regime for
intermediaries". However, the EPP (and the European Parliament as a whole)
has already given its consent to the Free Trade Agreement with South Korea
in 2010, which basically copies the articles on intermediary liability of
the E-Commerce Directive into the Agreement and binds the European Union
with regard to the intermediary liability regime. Furthermore, this proposal
contradicts the EPP's principled position on net neutrality, which strongly
speaks in favour of the defence of the neutral role of Internet
The EPP also adopts a very good position on profiling, stating that such
practices should be prohibited, but unfortunately has also given its consent
to agreements that allow profiling and data mining, such as the passenger
name record (PNR agreements) with third countries, such as Australia.
Hidden in its very last section on quality journalism online, the EPP's
paper introduces ancillary copyright provisions. It should be noted that in
September 2011, the German government announced to be in the process of
preparing a draft legislative proposal for ancillary copyright provisions.
This push for ancillary copyright provisions on a European level has already
been demanded by German chancellor Angela Merkel. However, ancillary
copyright provisions have already been harshly criticised by civil rights
groups, such as the initiative IGEL, stating that such provision would limit
the freedom of communication. The introduction of new copyright provisions
seems indeed unnecessary since publishers are already protected by copyright
provisions and get usually extensive rights by journalists through contracts
or general terms and conditions.
Overall, the EPP's strategy paper contains many good points and its adoption
should help facilitate discussions on the contradictions between principles
and practice that it has brought to light.
EPP Strategy Paper "Fair, Open and Secure Internet" (1.12.2011)
Video - EPP presents its strategy paper (1.12.2011)
Initiative IGEL against ancillary copyright provisions (only in German)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
8. Transatlantic data privacy in debate at Privacy Conference
The 2nd edition of the Annual European Data Protection and Privacy
Conference took place on 6 December 2011, mostly featuring speakers pulled
from its corporate sponsors, although it also included a few key European
institutions' representatives and data protection officials. There was no
place here for the civil society's voices apart from a representative from
BEUC, the European Consumers' Organisation.
The most interesting part of the conference were Viviane Reding and Cameron
Kerry's prepared speeches about the "Transatlantic solutions for data
privacy", the Vice President and Commissioner for Justice, Fundamental
Rights and Citizenship of the European Commission, and the General Counsel
at the US Department of Commerce respectively. Ms. Reding announced that her
office wants to "create a level playing field for companies", is "against
inconsistent rules because they are against business". She also recommended
the adoption and use of binding corporate rules in that regard; and
explained that she is in favour of the rule of "main establishment" to
decide when the EU data protection rules apply to companies. She announced
the following four rules as being the most important ones of the upcoming
European Commission's data protection regulatory framework: an easier access
to one's own personal data, a right to data portability, the acknowledgement
of the right to forget, and clearer rules for international data transfers.
She also made the point that, although she favours cloud computing in
Europe, strong data protection rules are good for business because they
enhance consumers' confidence. Worth noting is the point she made about the
US government agency's proposal for a Commercial Privacy Bill of Rights.
Although in principle in its favour, she did not agree with the use of only
voluntary codes of conduct.
Cameron Kerry announced that his department would soon release a White Paper
promoting consumer privacy that would provide a roadmap for the US
Government and consist of four pillars:
1) a consumer privacy Bill of Rights to provide protections for consumers
and greater certainty for businesses, and provide a uniform set of standards
that expands on the notice and choice principles;
2) it will convene multi-stakeholder processes including EU entities to
develop legally enforceable codes of conduct that expand on the Bill of
Rights, based on a voluntary participation by both consumers and businesses,
and enforceable by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) once participants
would agree to abide by them;
3) "effective, fair and consistent" enforcement by the FTC;
4) a global interoperability in which "the Bill of Rights is a strong step
towards an international consensus on international privacy principles".
Although his speech sounded more like the usual Department of Commerce's
discourse considering privacy as an impediment to the benefits of free
trade, and unrestricted flows of information as enabling economic growth,
Mr. Kerry had a point when he alluded to the misconception some Europeans
have when they consider Americans as careless about privacy, and pinpointed
the deployment of data breach notification rules in the US as having had a
powerful incentive on companies' compliance with privacy rules.
During the next session about "Ensuring co-ordinated and harmonised data
protection laws across the EU", Jacob Kohnstamm, Chairman of the Article 29
Data Protection Working Party, emphasized that enforcing the rule of
establishment of the new data protection framework would only work if data
protection authorities are given much stronger enforcement powers and their
level of coordination is increased, without which "a level playing field in
the EU is impossible". Industry representatives all concurred on the need to
implement the "main establishment" rule, some saying that binding corporate
rules would limit the risk of forum shopping. Stephen Deadman from Vodafone
argued that the EU data protection regime is too legalistic ("we need less
rules, not more") while it should focus more on operational privacy. John
Vassallo of Microsoft, also in favour of the "main establishment" rule,
insisted that in order to avoid forum shopping, the criterion should be the
"primary physical infrastructure for processing data, the actual servers"
and that a clearer and more harmonized legal framework must be promoted.
Joan Antokol from Park Legal showed, through various examples based on her
health privacy practitioner's experience, the ways some European rules are
incoherent and should be harmonized across all EU Member States, while the
focus should be to eliminate rules and expenses that do bring added value to
protect individuals' privacy.
In a second session entitled "What will the effect of the new privacy rules
be on the online lives of EU citizens?", Marie-Helene Boulanger from the
Data Protection Unit of the European Commission stated that a recent survey
of European consumers shows that the expectation of individuals with regard
to the protection of their personal data is decreasing, pointing to the fact
that 70% of Europeans are concerned about the secondary use of their data
without consent, and the increasing demand of individuals for the
notification of data breaches by companies. Richard Allan of Facebook, asked
how his company complied in practice with the subject access right of the
Data Protection Directive and how it reacted to the string of complaints by
an Austrian law student before the Irish Data Protection Commissioner,
argued that his company had started discussions with the Irish authority to
try to iron out the scope of subject access requests in practice, although
he avoided to answer the more specific question as to whether that right to
access also included the meta-data associated with each Facebook user's
In the session about "Rebuilding consumer confidence in data protection
laws", Kostas Rossoglou of BEUC argued about the need for stronger redress
and compensation rules, including a right to collective redress; also that
self-regulation is only a solution if it fully complies with the law,
benefits consumers, and is effectively enforced, which has according to him,
never been the case thus far. David Smith of the UK Data Protection
Authority said that his office was interested in seeing trustmarks and seals
developed in a simple and effective way; that fines drive compliance; and
that individuals' access rights should be simple to use, whereas it is
generally hard to exercise in practice.
On the last panel entitled "What shape for globalised data protection and
privacy laws in the 21st century?", Peter Hustinx, the European Data
Protection Supervisor, stated about the prospective European data protection
legal framework that the criterion of application would be enhanced with a
"targeting" rule: whether the data protection rules apply will depend on
whether the data controllers are considered to target EU-based individuals
when processing their personal data, or monitor them online. He also added
that the meaning and scope of the concept of "adequate protection" would
likely be clarified by the European Commission.
Event webpage
(Contribution by Cedric Laurant - EDRi observer)
9. UK: Medical records in the open data programme?
British Prime Minister David Cameron announced that, under his "open
data" programme, all UK medical records will in future be made
available to researchers in both academia and the pharmaceutical
industry, unless patients opt out. They will be "anonymised"; at
present this process consists of replacing patients' names with the
combination of postcode plus date of birth, by which most citizens can
easily be re-identified.
Everyone 'to be research patient', says David Cameron (5.12.2011)
NHS open data plans 'death of privacy' (5.12.2011)
Further Detail on Open Data Measures in the Autumn Statement 2011
How anonymous is NHS patient data? (12.12.2011)
Here we go again (4.12.2011)
Anonymity is hard to do well - scientific papers
(Contribution by Ross Anderson - EDRi-member FIPR -UK)
10. Recommended Action
CSISAC, the Civil Society Information Society Advisory Council to the OECD,
of which EDRI is a founding and steering committee member, is looking for
its Community Manager and Liaison to OECD. If you are a brilliant and
experienced community manager, people-motivator, public-interest advocate,
while being a diplomat, knowledgeable and showing strong interest in policy
related to the internet, telecommunications and information society, check
the job offer and full job description at
Deadline for applications by email: 31 December 2011
11. Recommended Reading
Digital Agenda: Turning government data into gold (12.12.2011)
EDPS opinion on EU-US Passenger Name Record agreement (13.12.2011)
The State of Surveillance: The Data (1.12.2011)
Global Information Society Watch report 2011 - Internet rights and
Internet censorship against streaming in France? (1.12.2011)
12. Agenda
27-30 December 2011, Berlin, Germany
28C3 - 28th Chaos Communication Congress
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
26 January 2012, Schaarbeek, Belgium
Big Brother Awards Belgium
25 February 2012, Szeged, Hungary
Copyright and Human Rights in the Information Age: Conflict or Harmonious
CfP by 16 January 2012
16-18 April 2012, Cambridge, UK
Cambridge 2012: Innovation and Impact - Openly Collaborating to Enhance
OER12 and the OCW Consortium's Global Conference
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
Submissions open by 31 December 2011
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
Abstracts deadline: 20 December 2011
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and genetic
Resources Commons.
Call for abstracts deadline: 15 January 2012
13. About
The next EDRi-gram will be published on 18 January 2012.
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-02-09 19:16:29
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.3, 9 February 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
  Number 9.3, 8 February 2011
1. Data retention law provisions declared unlawful in Cyprus
2. Commission's proposal for PNR Directive fails to impress MEPs
3. German study finds the data retention ineffective
4. UK Supreme Court to hear DNA cases
5. Spanish sports streaming domain seized by US authorities without warning
6. France: Increased powers for Hadopi authority
7. ENDitorial: Internet blocking and damage to child protection
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Data retention law provisions declared unlawful in Cyprus
The Cyprus Supreme Court decided on 1 February 2011 that some of the
provisions of Law 183 (I) / 2007 on disclosure of telecommunications
data are unlawful, as they breach the Cyprus Constitution and its
jurisprudence, as revealed by the daily Cyprus Mail.
Law 183 (I) / 2007 (Retention of Telecommunication Data for Purposes of
Investigation of Serious Criminal Offences Law of 2007) was adopted by
Cyrpus on 31 December 2007 as the national implementation of the EU Data
retention directive.
In the case brought to the Supreme Court, four people claimed that
Articles 4 and 5 of the national law, that provided police forces access to
the retained data, were unlawful. The court considered that the articles in
question go beyond the provisions of the EU Directive which does not address
the issue of access to the retained data.  Therefore, the court considered
it may check the constitutionality of these articles, especially in relation
with Art 15 of the Cyprus Constitution (right to privacy) and article 17
(confidentiality of communications).
Based on the Cyprus Constitution, and jurisprudence from itself and from the
EctHR, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous ruling regarding the legality of
court orders issued for the disclosure of telecommunications data by the
district courts of Nicosia, Limassol and Larnaca at the request of police
investigating serious crimes. The orders concerned the four complainants
that claimed a breach of privacy and confidentiality of their
The court considered that three of the four court orders for disclosing
telephone numbers and calls were illegal and should be annulled. In the case
of the fourth person the case was rejected, since the person was imprisoned
and banned for using a mobile phone.
It is unclear how this decision will affect the law and its application.
According to a statement of police spokesman Michalis Katsounotos to
Cyprus Mail, "the decision will be studied in depth by the assistant police
chief and all under investigation or criminal proceedings will be identified
for which a court order was secured for the disclosure of telecommunications
data, so that in consultation with the Attorney-general, a decision can be
taken on the further handling of them."
Big blow to police powers (3.02.2011)
Case file at the Supreme Court of Cyprus
Ruling on the case of the Law 183 (I) / 2007 on disclosure of
telecommunications data (1.02.2011)
Constitution of the Republic of Cyrpus
2. Commission's proposal for PNR Directive fails to impress MEPs
On 2 February 2011, the European Commission released its proposal for a
directive on the use of Passenger Name Records. This would require airlines
flying into and out of the EU to give travellers' personal information to
national authorities in the Member State of departure or arrival. Such data
includes, for example, home address, mobile phone number, frequent flier
information, email address and credit card information.
The document is a follow up to the proposal for PNR in 2007, for which the
European Parliament, led by rapporteur Sophia in't Veld (ALDE, Netherlands),
requested from the Commission, particularly in terms of better
justifications regarding the measure's supposed necessity and
With a number of databases related to travellers already in
existence, such as the Schengen Information System (SIS), the Visa
Information System (VIS) and the Advanced Passenger Information system
(API), many members of European Parliament were and are sceptical about the
necessity of a Passenger Name Record regime.
The scope of the purpose of PNR is widened. Whereas, in the 2007 document,
the purposes were preventing and combating terrorist offences and
organised crime, now it extends to "serious crimes" (defined as offences
which call for a minimum prison sentence of 3 years). As these crimes are
not specified, there is, by definition, no way of assessing the necessity
and proportionality of all crimes that could be covered by this wording.
The processing of the PNR data outlined in Article 4 stipulates that the
Passenger Information Unit (PIU -the body responsible for the storage and
management of PNR databases), can use the data for profiling purposes, an
issue that has been highly criticised in Parliament. The data can also
be compared with other "relevant" databases, while not making clear which
databases will be accessed by Member States. PIUs will also be obliged to
hand over PNR data at the request of the competent authorities in Member
States. Finally, the document proposes using the data to update and create
new profiling criteria.
The document indicates that it will "mask" some pieces of data after 30 days
of storage. The data is, however, not anonymised - instead, a certain amount
of data is "masked" with no actual anonymisation. These pieces of
information can be easily re-personalised and, in fact, access to the full
PNR data is always available to the Head of the PIU, "where it could be
reasonably believed that it is necessary to carry out an investigation and
in response to a specific and actual threat or risk or a specific
investigation or prosecution."
Furthermore, considering the list of PNR data to be collected, there are a
number of personally identifiable information that will not be "masked",
such as billing information (including credit card numbers).
The document also prohibits the collection, storage and processing of
"sensitive data", defined in the proposal as "any personal data that could
reveal racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or
philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or data concerning health or
sexual life of the individual concerned". In the same paragraph however, it
states the PNR data "should contain details on the passenger's reservation
and travel itinerary", which include special meal requests which can
indicate religious orientation; special service requests that can indicate
disabilities or specific medical conditions and billing and contact
MEP Sophia in't Veld seems pleased with the document, saying, "we will
closely scrutinise the proposals, but at first glance there is a substantial
improvement compared to the previous proposals". However, she did indicate
that better justification of the necessity of collecting PNR data remains,
and that Parliament needs the facts and figures before they can make a well
founded decision.
Other members of the European Parliament are not so optimistic. EPP member
Manfred Weber (Germany) is sceptical of the necessity of PNR, saying, "there
are deficits in the usage of current data. So why should we collect even
more mass data?"
"The EU-US PNR agreement is already bad enough", stated German Greens member
Jan Albrecht. "The last thing we need to do in Europe is to copy this model,
which infringes on the civil liberties of EU citizens."
Claude Moraes (S&D, UK) has concerns about the Commission's proposal to
profile individuals and indiscriminately collect personal data, calling on
Commissioner Malmstrvm to "urgently come before the European Parliament and
to provide precise evidence that massively collecting air travellers' data
is an effective and necessary way to prevent terrorists from flying to and
from Europe."
Commissioner Malmstrvm is likely to meet with the LIBE committee in the next
few weeks to discuss the contentious elements of the proposal. The entire
negotiation process in the Council and the Parliament is expected to
take around two years.
Proposal for a Directive on the use of Passenger Name Record data for the
prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution of terrorist offences
and serious crime (2.02.2011)
ALDE press release: EP insists on proof of proportionality of data transfer
Proposal for a Council Framework Decision on the use of Passenger Name
Record (PNR) for law enforcement purposes (6.11.2007)
EU proposal for passenger data to fight serious crime and terrorism
Commission PNR FAQ (2.02.2011)
EU to collect data of international air travellers (1.02.2011)
"Does the EU need to collect all air travellers' data?", ask S&D (2.02.2011)
Greens press release: Passenger data (PNR): Commission proposes system for
retaining passenger data based on spurious security grounds
 at en.htm
(contribution by Raegan MacDonald - EDRi)
3. German study finds the data retention ineffective
A study of police statistics published  by the German Federal Crime Agency
on 26 January 2011, finds telecommunications data retention ineffective for
the prosecution of serious crime.
An analysis of Federal Crime Agency statistics published on 27 January 2011
by German civil liberties NGO AK Vorrat reveals that data retention, while
in force, did not make the prosecution of serious crime any more effective.
With data retention in effect, more serious criminal acts (2009: 1 422 968)
were registered by police than before (2007: 1 359 102), and a smaller
proportion were cleared up (2009: 76.3%) than before the introduction of
blanket retention of communications data (2007: 77.6%). Likewise, after the
additional retention of Internet data began in 2009, the number of
registered Internet offences surged from 167 451 in 2008 to 206 909 in 2009,
while the clear-up rate for Internet crime fell (2008: 79.8%, 2009: 75.7%).
According to AK Vorrat, user avoidance behaviour can explain the
counterproductive effects of blanket data retention on the investigation of
crime. In order to avoid the recording of sensitive information under a
blanket data retention scheme, users begin to employ Internet cafis,
wireless Internet access points, anonymisation services, public telephones,
unregistered mobile telephone cards, non-electronic communications channels
and the like. This avoidance behaviour cannot only render retained data
meaningless but also frustrate more targeted investigation techniques that
would otherwise have been available to law enforcement. Overall, blanket
data retention can thus be counterproductive to criminal investigations,
facilitating some, but rendering many more futile.
AK Vorrat study: Registered Serious Crime in Germany (26.01.2011)
Study finds telecommunications data retention ineffective (27.01.2011)
4. UK Supreme Court to hear DNA cases
Following a decision of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), the UK
Coalition Government has recently stated its intention to dramatically
reduce the retention period of DNA data. In 2008, the ECtHR ruled that a
blanket policy of retaining DNA samples of people who were not charged or
convicted of offences indefinitely was breaching human rights.
The UK Supreme Court has recently held hearings in two cases related to
the retention of DNA, fingerprints and other information by the Police of
Metropolis of two individuals, independently arrested by the police for
suspected offences but had no further action taken against them.
"It makes good sense to hold the DNA of dangerous convicts, but holding
intimate information on thousands of innocents is discriminatory as well as
intrusive. The high numbers of black men arrested and never charged explains
but doesn't justify their over-representation on the database. In the
absence of long-trailed new law from Parliament, Britain's highest court
must inject fairness into DNA retention practice," stated Liberty's legal
officer Anna Fairclough.
The Supreme Court will decide whether the respective data retention
violates the rights of the plaintiffs under Article 8 of the European
Convention on Human Rights. The decision will probably largely influence the
actions taken further on by the UK authorities.
The Coalition expressed the intention to introduce a similar policy to that
in Scotland where only the samples of people suspected of serious offences
are retained and only for a limited period of time.  "The Government is
committed to adopting the protections of the Scottish model for DNA
retention. In particular, we are examining whether the provisions of section
23 of the Crime and Security Act 2010 should be brought into force. This
would empower the National DNA Database Strategy Board to issue binding
guidance to chief police officers on the types of case in which deletion
would be appropriate," Home Office Minister James Brokenshire announced in
the Parliament.
For the time being, according to the statistics, one out of four people
whose DNA data are retained by the UK police forces are innocent and the
data are retained indefinitely.
In January 2011, Northern Ireland's High Court of Justice ruled that the
retention of a 14-year-old boy's DNA by the police was not illegal, stating
ECHR's 2008 ruling could not be followed because it was not binding and it
was in conflict with the earlier ruling by the House of Lords.
"The lengthy, perhaps indefinite, retention by the police of the Applicant's
photographic images seems incompatible with the broad and elastic
formulations of the scope of Article 8(1) [of the ECHR]," said Mr Justice
McLoskey who added: "But for [the House of Lords] decision and our analysis
of it, we consider that there is substantial force in the view that the
retention of the Applicant's photographic images by the Police Service for a
minimum period of seven years, which may be extended indefinitely,
unconnected in any concrete or rational way with any of the statutory
purposes, interferes with his right to respect for private life guaranteed
by Article 8(1)."
Innocent DNA retention to be challenged (31.01.2011)
Supreme Court to revisit DNA retention (30.01.2011)
Police DNA retention ruled lawful by NI High Court (21.01.2011)
EDRi-gram: ECHR decided against the UK DNA Database (17.12.2008)
5. Spanish sports streaming domain seized by US authorities without warning
The US authorities have recently seized, without any warning, the domain
names of several sports streaming sites over alleged copyright infringements
within the "Operation In Our Sites" action launched at the beginning of July
2010, targeting websites having allegedly offered users copyrighted
material without copyright owners' consent.
In July 2010, the Department of Justice (DOJ) and Homeland Security's
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) seized a series of film streaming
domain names. It is now the turn of sports streaming domain names.
Among the recently seized domains, DOJ and ICE have included
Rojadirecta.org, a popular sports steaming website, despite the fact that
the site is owned by a Spanish company and its only relation to the US is
that the .org domain is maintained by a US company.
Furthermore, the site has already been declared legal by two Spanish court
rulings in 2009 and 2010, following an action introduced by sports rights
holder Audiovisual Sport in 2007. "In our opinion the US authorities are
completely despising the Spanish justice system and sovereignty," stated
Igor Seoane, Rojadirecta's owner for TorrentFreak.
Rojadirecta, as a streaming site, does not host any copyrighted material but
indexes HTTP links to sports streams that can be found on the Internet and
links to torrent files hosted on other sites.
This seizure of a site domain already declared legal in Spain, raises
concerns related to generic domain names that are controlled exclusively by
US companies. Without even contacting the site owners, the US authorities
may obtain a seizure warrant from a District Court judge and use this to
take control over the domains in question even if the sites are not based in
the US, which provides US censorship powers over a great part of the
Besides Rojadirecta.org, the domains of several other sports streaming
sites were seized by DOJ and ICE, only a few days before the Super Bowl, the
most-watched American television broadcast. This seems like a pattern. In
November, the US authorities seized domains of online retailers of alleged
counterfeit goods, just a few days before "Cyber Monday", a commercial
The sites in question had the option to move to alternative domains, which
they did in a short time. Rojadirecta  is presently available on several
alternative domains, such as .es, .in and  .me. Channelsurfing.net, one of
the other seized sites is now available under Channelsurf.eu, Atdhe.net has
moved to Atdhenet.tv while Ilemi.com turned to Ilemi.tv.
Rojadirecta : judged as legal in Spain, seized by USA (update) (only in
French, 2.02.2011)
U.S. Resume Controversial File-Sharing Domain Seizures (Update) (1.02.2011)
Sports Streaming / Torrent Links Site Victorious in Court (10.05.2010)
U.S. Seizes Sports Streaming Sites in "Super Bowl Crackdown"(update)
6. France: Increased powers for Hadopi authority
The Hadopi law continues to develop as the French Government pushes last
minute amendments to be passed by the Parliament.
Thus, the French National Assembly adopted on 1 February 2011, late at
night, an amendment filed at the last moment by the Government, that would
allow French three strikes authority (Hadopi) to pay private-sector
companies for carrying out online surveillance and filtering.
Amendment 151 to the draft Law on Simplifying and Improving the Quality of
Laws extends Hadopi powers to "provide support for innovative research
and experimentation projects by state or privately-owned entities that would
assist the Authority in fulfilling its mission (...)", meaning that the
authority would have the freedom to subsidise private entities for "the
development of the legal offer and the observation of legal and illegal use
of works".
Although it was passed in a rush and late at night, the amendment did not go
unnoticed. The legal commission of the General Assembly showed concerns
regarding the constitutionality of the amendment stating it had no time to
examine it and asked for its withdrawal. Deputy Alain Vidalies warned that
the opposition would take the issue to the Constitutional Court, considering
the amendment as a "legislative knight" (a text which has actually no
relation to the text examined).
Another draft decree related to Hadopi was on CNIL's agenda on 20 January
2011 and is now to be examined by the State Council. The decree, already
modified once in October 2010, introduces means to interconnect ISPs'
subscriber files with infringement information received by the Hadopi
authority and makes electronic transmissions of all files from Hadopi to
This modification fulfils Hadopi's wish to manage all three strikes
processes up to the courts by information systems, as the authority
stated in November 2010: "Actually, the information system manages the first
pedagogical phases of the graduate response procedure (...) It must be
completed to manage the next exchange phase with the prosecutor offices and
jurisdictions, for which a decree of the Culture Minister is to be published
next month."
The current procedure is that the files are verified first by the Commission
for the Protection of Rights (CPD) before being sent to the prosecutor.
However, the president of CPD stated in an interview at the end of 2010 that
he supported the idea that the "negligent infraction" can be verified by the
repeated offence and therefore, no additional evidence is necessary. "If the
subscriber has not changed his behaviour after three offences, he has
therefore not placed any security measure (...) the consequences of your
actions are those that prove the infringement ", said CPD President.
The transmission of Hadopi files to the prosecutor offices is already
covered by a procedural decree of July 2010 which says that the files are
sent "to the prosecutor of the Republic attached to the competent high
The idea is to make these transmissions electronic and to allow the
courts to send their decisions electronically. Hadopi wants to make certain
that a decision to suspend a subscriber's Internet access is applied. The
authority also wants to be sure the subscriber cannot use another ISP during
the suspension period.
Hadopi law modified in the middle of the night to finance private actors!
(only in French, 2.02.2011)
Hadopi: a legislative knight voted at night by the Assembly (only in
French, 4.02.2011)
Hadopi: towards a decree for electronic transmission to prosecutor's
offices (only in French, 1.02.2011)
Hadopi wants to make electronic the graduate response phase (only in French,
7. ENDitorial: Internet blocking and damage to child protection
The child protection industry has been campaigning for years for the
introduction of EU-wide mandatory blocking of websites accused of being
illegal by the police, by independent authorities, etc. This is as a result
of a very laudable reflex - child abuse websites are even more abhorrent
than one would imagine and blocking a bad thing can only logically be a good
thing. Politically, it is an easy message.
Unfortunately, child protection in an international context is polluted with
easy messages and unthinking reflexes. Every government loves sounding tough
on child protection and every soundbite that does not require concrete
action results in a weakening of real measures being taken to protect
children from real abuse. The self-appointed childrens' representatives
consistently support and encourage these meaningless and counterproductive
soundbites, ultimately damaging the very interests they claim to defend.
Every country in the world except Somalia has signed and ratified either the
UN Child Rights Convention or its Optional Protocol on the sale of children,
child prostitution and child pornography. The Convention requires
governments to take all appropriate national, bilateral and international
measures to prevent the exploitative use of children in "pornographic"
performances. The Optional Protocol requires governments to ensure that
child "pornography" is "fully covered under its penal and criminal law".
We are told that some countries leave child abuse websites online for
months. Where is the public condemnation from the United Nations for these
blatant breaches of its most successful binding Convention? Where are the
shadow reports from child protection organisations condemning those
countries for gross failures to protect the weakest in society? Where are
the sanctions from governments bound under international law to take "all
appropriate national, bilateral and international measures to prevent the
abuse"? They are lost in soundbites.
The problem is that the Convention and the Optional Protocol have no
enforcement mechanisms. They can be signed and forgotten and states can move
on to the next soundbite.
We are told that web blocking is meant to be a "complementary measure". It
will be part of a wider strategy. Unfortunately, it requires no action from
governments - building on years of failure and years of soundbites, they
will be able to claim that they are fighting child abuse when all they are
really doing is asking Internet providers to put up a screen - a screen
which will mask their own failures better than the abuse.
So, why does the child protection industry insist on promoting blocking? It
would be unfair to say that they are funded by governments and therefore
unwilling to criticise them. The issue appears to be based more on
misunderstandings than anything else. If we look at one particular child
campaigner's blog (link below), we can see this quite clearly. He says:
"Blocking is, after all, a form of deletion. It renders the material
inaccessible to the great majority of internet users in the country where
blocking happens."
A system which leaves the material online is not a form of deletion. Nobody
has been able to indicate any statistical difference between the number of -
or trends in - reports to child abuse hotlines in countries with or without
It has, therefore, no discernible impact on the great majority of internet
users. In any event, the great majority of internet users never find child
abuse material and, according to statistics from Internet hotlines.
Furthermore, the great majority (over 75%) of those who think that they do
have actually found entirely legal material.
He goes on to say:
"Opponents of blocking are sort of saying everyone should be able to see the
images until no one can."
It is difficult to know which opponents of blocking might be referred to
here. Innocent people very rarely access the material and there is no
evidence that blocking stops this to an appreciable extent. What we object
to are measures which take the pressure off governments to take real action
against websites containing evidence of real abuse and which destroy
fundamental rights in the process
He then explains that:
"A number of opponents of blocking make references to "the thin end of the
wedge" and to "dangerous precedents", sometimes referred to jointly or
severally as the "slippery slope". "Where will it all end?" they ask."
This fails to recognise that this is not a "stand alone" argument. The
"slippery slope" is an inevitable cost. Any policy in any area requires the
costs and benefits to be compared and balanced. As there is no demonstrable
benefit to blocking, the slippery slope alone would make the measure
He continues:
"More reprehensible in some ways are those who make no attempt to deny that
blocking child abuse images is a good thing to do. Instead, and often
without any apparent embarrassment, they say they would do it in a trice if
only they could be sure blocking would forever be limited to that.
Terrorism, anorexia or suicide related materials frequently get mentioned as
examples of the types of content it is known others are pushing to be
Having worked on this issue for several years, I have never once heard
someone make this argument. Blocking is dangerous, counter-productive and
useless for child abuse images, whether other types of site are blocked does
not change this.
He adds:
"Why do they find it difficult to agree that they should be blocked pending
their deletion? It does not add up."
Having seen governments sign, ratify and forget the UN Child Rights
Convention, the Convention's Optional Protocol, the International Labour
Organisation Convention on the worst forms of child labour and the Stockholm
Declaration, it does not add up that people interested in child protection
would want to give governments yet another soundbite - another way of hiding
inaction on child protection behind empty promises.
There MUST be investigations in order to identify and rescue as many
children as possible. There MUST be investigations in order to find and
prosecute both the owners and users of such sites. Blocking will immediately
warn the people behind the websites that they have been spotted by law
enforcement authorities and they can act to protect themselves. Why would
child protection organisations want this?
He says:
"The techie world generally dislikes solutions which it believes are
"broken" i.e. that can be defeated or circumvented, but the point is the
knowledge and the determination to circumvent or defeat blocking are very
unevenly distributed."
The problem that the techie world has is the same as the one that the
political world increasingly has with blocking. Techies are parents too and
therefore understand that all efforts to protect children must be effective.
They understand that every failed initiative has real human consequences. If
a policy has demonstrable costs and no demonstrable benefits, it must be
He continues:
"Critics say that if the EU gives official blessing to the use of blocking
it would enable totalitarian regimes in other parts of the world to point to
it to justify their own oppressive use of blocking."
Nobody says that blocking of child abuse images will directly cause this.
However, "mission creep" is not a risk, it is a guarantee. Lawless blocking,
such as in the UK and Sweden is not a risk, it is an existing fact. If, and
it is already beginning to happen, EU countries block child abuse websites
to hide their own international failures, if they block entirely legal
gambling websites in order to protect tax revenues and gambling monopolies
and if they block websites accused of copyright infringement in order to
protect outdated industries that cannot cope with the digital age, if EU
countries abandon the rule of law and permit blocking without any
involvement of law enforcement (let alone judicial) authorities, it is not
alone encouraging totalitarian regimes to undermine access to information,
it is providing a blueprint for them.
Sadly and disappointingly, the campaigner then goes on to give statistics
which have been comprehensively, repeatedly and unquestionably disproven.
One of the many clear analyses of why the "statistics" are misleading
nonsense is linked from the bottom of this page.
To finish, and bearing in mind that total lack of any benefit of blocking
and the real dangers to child protection that blocking presents, I will
finish with two quotations from the campaigner that sum up the debate very
"If your starting point is the best interests of the child there is no way
you can end up concluding that, actually, after a lot of careful thought, a
great deal of soul searching and hand wringing it is best to leave pictures
of children being raped on full public view for a little while longer."
"This argument turns sexually-abused children into bargaining chips."
This is completely and reprehensibly true. It is incomprehensible to find
oneself trying to defend measures that will force governments to take proper
action against child abuse, being fought every step of the way by those
people whose job it is to do this.
Campaigner's blog: Campaign bulletin: child pornography on the internet -
bad reasons and non-reasons for opposing blocking (29.01.2011)
Statistics: Twisting the facts to fit the story: child porn nonsense
EDRi's blocking booklet
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
8. Recommended Action
Modernisation of the Council of Europe Convention 108
With new data protection challenges arising everyday, the Convention is
being overhauled to meet new realities and time is now ripe to think about
modernising it. The technological developments of the information and
communication society as well as the globalisation of exchanges lead to
unexplored challenges and potential new risks for the protection of human
rights and fundamental freedoms. Is Convention 108's protection still in
line with today's needs in respect of data protection or should it be
modified and complemented in order to better satisfy the legitimate
expectations of individuals and concerned professionals?
9. Recommended Reading
Statewatch Analysis: EU: Deepening the democratic deficit: the failure to
"enshrine" the public's right of access to documents by Tony Bunyan
Transparency NGOs call on EU not to restrict document access (2.02.2011)
10. Agenda
18 February 2011, Berlin, Germany
Open data: apps for everyone? Opportunities and challenges in the re-use of
public sector information.
23-28 February 2011, Gosier, Guadeloupe, France
ICDS 2011- 5th International Conference on Digital Society
24-25 February 2011, Berlin, Germany
The First OAPEN Conference
9 March 2011, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Big Brother Awards NL
11-12 March 2011, Ankara, Turkey
ICEGEG-2011- 3rd International Conference on E-Government and E-Governance
28 March 2011, Paris, France
5th European eAccessbility Forum: Benefits and costs of e-accessibility
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
15-17 April 2011, Berlin, Germany
Re:publica XI: Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
Abstract submission: 18 February 2011
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-02-23 20:02:30
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.4, 23 February 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.4, 23 February 2011
1. Hungary amends its controversial Media Law
2. EESC condemns body scanners as a breach of fundamental rights
3. The French supreme court recognizes hosting status of Web 2.0 services
4. The US pressures the EU to pass ACTA before the end of 2011
5. German law on Internet blocking challenged in Constitutional Court
6. Polish civil society stirs up debate on Internet freedom
7. France: Loppsi 2 adopted - Internet filtering without court order
8. Is the EU going to have a new common patent law?
9. European Privacy & Human Rights 2010
10. ENDitorial: Internet blocking - EP opts for leadership over populism
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Hungary amends its controversial Media Law
As a result of the concern expressed by the European Commission and
following the meetings with the Commission's experts on 7 and 15 February
2011, the Hungarian authorities have decided to amend their new
controversial media legislation.
The main issues of concern were related to four issues:
1. The disproportionate application of rules on balanced information due to
the lack of limiting criteria, which was considered a breach of the
Audiovisual Media Services Directive (AVMS), the EU Treaty rules on the
establishment and provision of services and of Article 11 of the EU Charter
of Fundamental Rights concerning the fundamental freedom of expression and
information. The amendment brought by the Hungarian government is that
requirements regarding balanced information will be limited to broadcasting,
being no longer applied for on-demand media services.
2. The application of fines to broadcasters legally established and
authorised in other Member States which could breach the "country of origin"
principle established by the AVMS Directive, according to which, audiovisual
media service providers are subject to the regulations in their country of
origin only. The Hungarian authorities agreed to amend this by removing the
ability to fine legally established broadcasters in other EU countries.
3. The rules on registration and authorisation of media service providers
which apply to on-demand media services, press products and ancillary media
services could imply that they are required to register before they are
allowed to provide services in Hungary and are thus subject to an
authorisation scheme. These provisions could create an unjustified
restriction of the Treaty rules on freedom of establishment.
The amendment agreed upon clarifies that on-demand audiovisual media service
providers, media product publishers and ancillary media service providers
would have to register within 60 days after having begun providing
their services, meaning that these providers established in Hungary
and in other Member States would no longer be subject to prior authorisation
by the Hungarian authorities.
4. The law dictated that media content may not "cause offence", even by
implication, to individuals, minorities or majorities and which apply to all
media content providers, including those established in other EU countries.
These provisions have been limited, for all media content providers, to
situations of incitement to hatred or discrimination.
"I am very pleased that the Hungarian authorities have agreed to amend their
Media Law to ensure that it complies with the aspects of EU law that we have
raised, including the Charter of Fundamental Rights", stated Neelie Kroes,
EC Vice-President and European Digital Agenda Commissioner who added that
the European Commission will continue to closely monitor the adoption and
implementation of the amendments.
However, the opponents of the Hungarian media law are still sceptical and
the debate in the European Parliament on 16 February also raised issues
that had not been addressed by of the Hungarian authorities, such as the
political control over the country's media authority.
According to Martin Schulz EMP (Germany), the Socialists & Democrats group
leader, "At first glance, a series of changes, some of technical nature have
taken place. But other important matters, such as the composition of Media
Council, are outstanding. (...) We still need to analyse the text carefully.
Media freedom is an issue of central importance to the S&D group and we will
do everything in our power to protect it."
During the meeting of the European Parliament's group leaders (with
exception of the EPP) on 17 February, the decision was taken to postpone the
vote on the Hungarian media law but not withdraw a resolution on the matter.
"Whilst it is a positive sign that the Hungarian Government have indicated a
willingness to modify the four areas of concern outlined by the Commission,
Liberals and Democrats remain concerned about other aspects of the Hungarian
law which place huge powers of censorship in the hands of governing party
appointees and reveal a lack of adequate protection for journalists' sources
as well as insufficient provision for judicial review or appeal," said
Renate Weber (PNL, Romania) ALDE coordinator in the Civil Liberties
committee and spokesperson on the Hungarian media law who added that the
Hungarian Government "should consider a more fundamental overhaul of the law
in line with the recommendations of the OSCE."
Media: Commission Vice-President Kroes welcomes amendments to Hungarian
Media Law (16.02.2011)
Brussels happy with Hungary's pledges on media law (17.02.2011)
Press Release Changes by Hungarian Parliament to media law must be closely
monitored (17.02.2011)
Hungarian media law: Proposed amendments ignore core provisions restricting
media freedom (16.02.2011)
 at en.htm
EDRi-gram: EU institutions want clarifications form Hungary on its media
legislation (26.01.2011)
2. EESC condemns body scanners as a breach of fundamental rights
On 16 February 2011, the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC)
issued its opinion on the use of body scanners in EU airports.
The EESC has opposed the eventual adoption of any measures that would
introduce body scanners on an EU-wide level, and feel that the Commission
Communication on the use of security scanners does not respect three basic
criteria: necessity, proportionality and legality.
The document also criticises the Commission for changing the term "body
scanners" to "security scanners", and outlines four central critiques with
regard to the Commission Communication, namely, proportionality, fundamental
rights, health risks and passenger rights .
The document urges the Commission to produce a thorough proportionality test
in order to determine the necessity of their implementation versus
alternative measures. The EESC suggests that the Commission seriously
consider alternatives and that it might be better to wait for more precise
and less intrusive technology which can recognise security hazards.
The EESC objects to the infringement of fundamental rights as a trade-off
for public security. The costs to fundamental rights are three fold:
personal privacy, data privacy and the right to human dignity. To further
underline the inherent risks, the document cites a case in a Florida airport
where 35 000 naked scans were recorded by officers and distributed on the
As there exists no code of best practices or conclusive proof that these
scanners do not pose health risks to individuals, the EESC requests that the
Commission provide a thorough scientific examination proving that passengers
and personnel who frequently fly will not be exposed to any health risks.
The Committee also reminded the Commission that its Communication did not
include guarantees of effective recourse for passengers and personnel
undergoing the scans, and also failed to include guarantees that passengers
will not obliged to undergo body scanning, ensuring individuals reserve the
right to 'opt out' while not suffering longer wait times, more intrusive
pat-downs, or be prevented from flying.
Body scanners are currently in a trial period in the EU, where
approximately 5 or 6 Member States have deployed the technology, including
the UK, Finland, the Netherlands, France and Italy (according to a press
release from 15 June 2010).
The Commission is convinced that a more harmonised approach to body scanners
is needed throughout the EU, thus it is likely that an EU legal framework on
the use of "security scanners" at EU airports will be produced sometime in
the near future.
EESC Opinion on Use of Security Scanners at EU airports (16-17.02.2011)
Body scanners? Not yet, says the EESC (17.02.2011)
Commission communication on body scanners (15.06.2010)
Commission Q&A on "security scanners" (15.06.2010)
EU aviation security FAQ (15.02.2010)
Technologies for the Use of Images: Automated Processes of Identification,
Behavioural Analysis and Risk Detection Control at the Airports by Douwe
Korff (06.2010)
Presentation by Douwe Korff (EDRi-member FIPR), at EESC Hearing "Use of
Security Scanners at EU Airports" (11.01.2011)
(Contribution by Raegan MacDonald - EDRi)
3. The French supreme court recognizes hosting status of Web 2.0 services
On 17 February 2011 the French Court of Cassation recognized the hosting
status of Dailymotion and Fuzz.fr. The court also confirmed, in relation to
the Amen website case, that the judges had to verify that the content
withdrawal requests observed the requirements of LCEN (loi pour la confiance
dans l'iconomie numirique - French implementation of the EU E-commerce
Directive) before condemning a hosting site that had not withdrawn promptly
the notified content.
The decisions of the Court of Cassation establish clearly the boundary
between a content hosting site and a web service editor. In the Dailymotion
case, it comes to confirm the decision of the French Court of Appeal of May
2009 which overturned a 2007 court decision that considered the hosting site
liable for the content posted online on its platform. Moreover, the site had
responded immediately after having been notified that it was hosting illegal
The Court of Cassation also overturned the decision against Fuzz.fr in
the case introduced by actor Olivier Martinez. In 2008, a French court
decided that the owner of the website had an editorial responsibility, even
if the website was a digg-like service (where the users can vote which news
comes on first) and forced him to pay 1000 euro in damages for infringing
the actor's privacy and an additional 1500 euro in legal fees. The Court of
Cassation considered fuzz.fr a hosting site in terms of LCEN and therefore
not liable for the content posted on it.
An important clarification in relation both to Dailymotion and the Amen
hosting site is the necessity to correctly formulate the requests for
content withdrawal by taking all actions stipulated by the law.
According to LCEN, the request to withdraw content must cover a
series of elements including the notification date, the identification
data of the notifying person (either natural or legal), the identification
data of the addressee, the description of the litigious facts and precise
location, the reasons for the withdrawal, including legal basis and
justification, , a copy of the correspondence addressed to the author or
editor of the litigious actions asking for their interruption, withdrawal or
modification, or the justification of the fact that the author or editor
could not be contacted.
The subsidiarity principle is thus observed, meaning that a hosting site
cannot be required to withdraw content before proving that the author of the
content has been first contacted and required to withdraw the respective
content. This could be the end of mass withdrawals of files without any
previous procedure.
However, the Legal Commission of the Senate seems to want to change the
rules and on 15 February 2011 it proposed the creation of a new status
between hoster and editor that will have filtering and surveillance
Dailymotion and Fuzz recognised as hosters by the Cassation Court (only in
French, 17.02.2011)
The Cassation Court saves Fuzz.fr service as well (only in French,
The Cassation Court protects the hosting status of Dailymotion. Thanks
Hadopi ? (only in French, 17.02.2011)
The assignees will not be able to withdraw mass contents (only in French,
The Senate proposes the creation of web service editor status (only in
French, (16.02.2011)
EDRi-gram: French courts give clear decisions for hosted content
4. The US pressures the EU to pass ACTA before the end of 2011
The US government has expressed its eagerness to see ACTA passed by the
European Parliament this year. The controversial treaty allows governments
to "order an online service provider to disclose (...) information
sufficient to identify a subscriber whose account was allegedly used for
infringement (...) of trademark or copyright or related rights
Pressures from the US are expected to increase in the next months, having in
view that there is the possibility that the European Parliament strikes down
the agreement which means that talks would start again from the beginning.
Based on a recent study issued by legal informatics experts from the German
University in Hannover, ACTA raises a series of problems in complying with
EU legislation and therefore the report advises MEPs to strike the act
down or significantly change it.
Hence, four MEPs sent on 15 February 2011 written questions to the EU
Commission asking whether it was aware of the negative legal opinion and
how it intended to deal with it. One of the issues raised by the MEPs was
the different formulations on the level of damages for intellectual property
infringements. Another aspect is related to how the new measures targeting
counterfeit products, but also copyright and trademark infringements, will
avoid impeding the legal movement of medicines.
The atmosphere is already tense as recently, La Quadrature du Net has
obtained from WikiLeaks exclusive access to diplomatic cables revealing
pressure put by the US government on several European governments,
especially in Spain, for the adoption of harsh copyright enforcement laws.
The US Embassy cables refer to the EU Telecoms Package in the context of
copyright, expressing its approval for cutting off Internet access without
the necessity of a court order, as well as for the French three-strikes
system and similar measures adopted in the UK.
They also show the main role of the US in the initiation of ACTA, the stakes
involved, the debates related to the participation of developing countries,
as well as the evolution of the position of the European Union during the
negotiations. Although the EU Commission has strongly criticised ACTA,
several EU national governments have negotiated the treaty behind closed
On the other hand, the European Parliament has, in its turn, concluded a
free trade agreement (FTA) with South Korea that is not far off from ACTA,
including strong provisions on intellectual property rights protection.
The FTA with Korea, which will come into effect on 1 July 2011,  includes,
just like ACTA, excessive criminal liability provisions for online
intellectual property infringements.
As the rapporteur for the Industry Committee of the Parliament, Daniel
Caspary pointed out, the level of IP protection standards in the EU-Korea
FTA includes not only copyright, related rights and trademarks, but also
designs, services marks, layout designs of integrated circuits, geographical
indications, plant varieties and the "protection of undisclosed
The treaty stipulates other measures including searches and seizures at the
request of rights holders and gives broadcasters the right to prohibit
re-broadcasting, fixation, and communication to the public of their TV
broadcasts for a fee.
According to Green party member Jan Philipp Albrecht, the FTA is similar to
ACTA as the information about the provisions of the agreement were
kept secret before the it was signed by the parties involved.
US keen for EU to adopt controversial anti-counterfeiting treaty
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (3.12.2010)
Stronger IP Rights In EU-Korea FTA: Precedent For Future FTAs? (20.02.2011)
WikiLeaks Cables Shine Light on ACTA History (3.02.2010)
Wikileaks publishes Acta cables (4.02.2011)
Opinion of European Academics on ACTA (11.02.2011)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: ACTA endgame - The devil is in the detail (8.09.2010)
5. German law on Internet blocking challenged in Constitutional Court
On 22 February 2011 the German Working Group against Internet
Blocking and Censorship (AK Zensur) submitted their complaint against
the German law on Internet blocking to Germany's Constitutional Court.
The law is directed against online child abuse material and had come
into force on 23 February 2010, setting a one-year deadline for the
AK Zensur and many others had fiercely opposed the law and announced
that a complaint would be filed when the law was enacted by Parliament
in June 2009. An online petition against the law collected 134 000
signatures in May and June, the highest number ever achieved at the
German Parliament's online petitions system. A curious situation emerged
when the government changed after the elections in September 2009,
taking the liberal party FDP into power in a coalition with the
conservative CDU/CSU. The FDP had opposed the blocking law in their
election campaign, and before the law came into force, it was agreed
that it would not be fully implemented. In a legally dubious move, a
"non-application directive" by the Interior minister stipulated that
initially, only take-down was to be attempted, and the governing parties
agreed that a review would be held about a year later.
This created something of a legal absurdity as the consequences of the
law are not fully felt at the moment when the deadline to complain is
expiring. But AK Zensur and its lawyers are confident that even now,
many aspects of the law are in clear violation of the German
Constitution, and several experts had voiced similar concerns at a
parliamentary hearing before the law was enacted. While political
support for the ill-fated law has widely diminished, the governing
parties have not found the will to abolish it in a new Parliamentary act.
AK Zensur is hopeful that with its complaint, it will be able to do
the politicians' homework for them. A website collecting signatures to
support the complaint in the political debate will be started soon.
German press release: German Free Speech Working Party issues constitutional
complaint against censorship law (only in German, 23.02.2011)
German Free Speech Working Party issues constitutional complaint against
censorship law (23.02.2011)
EDRi-gram: Germany's President signs an Internet bill against his own
government (24.02.2010)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken)
6. Polish civil society stirs up debate on Internet freedom
The Polish chapter in the European debate on whether Internet blocking can
be conceived as a measure in fighting the dissemination of child abuse
images has finally been opened. This is due to the quite successful
campaign that EDRi-member Panoptykon Foundation, supported by the open
source movement and Internet Society Poland, has been running over last few
It has long been unclear what position the government will take with regard
to the Directive on combating sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography. The Polish representative in the Council
refrained from taking a firm standpoint, which made us believe
that the government - mindful of civil society's likely outrage - is
playing hide and seek, hoping that the Directive will be adopted with
the silent approval of Poland. Provoked by this game, back in November, we
managed to trigger some interest in this topic in two leading daily
newspapers. Right after the first article describing the alleged
tactic of the Polish government was published, the spokesperson of the
Ministry of Justice confirmed that the government "of course, supports
the Directive", including the concept of obligatory Internet blocking.
This position was made very clear at the JHA meeting on 3 December 2010.
To us it clearly meant that the government was trying to do some policy
laundering. Almost exactly a year ago, - Polish Prime
Minister Donald Tusk, in a public debate with NGOs and Internet activists,
acknowledged that blocking Internet sites is a flawed measure and
should not be applied. Moreover, he promised that any future plans to
introduce legal measures affecting Internet freedom would involve
consultation with civil society. The present policy and the way it has been
carried out so far clearly contradicts both promises.
In an attempt to draw more attention to what is happening in Brussels
with the support of our government, Panoptykon organised a public debate
under the auspices of Polish Ombudsman, Prof. Irena Lipowicz which took
place on 10 February 2011. The discussion panel was composed of
representatives of the Ministry of Justice and four foundations representing
both sides of the debate: Panoptykon, Kidprotect.pl, Safe Cyberspace and
Nobody's Children. The audience consisted mainly of journalists, academic
society representatives and technologically minded individuals.
While Panoptykon argued that there was no collision between protecting
children and Internet freedom because child abuse images can be effectively
removed and therefore do not need to be blocked, our opponents claimed the
opposite, on the grounds that international cooperation did not function
well enough. The debate revolved around the following issues: what are
the technical possibilities of removing illegal content; how to ensure both
fast reaction and due process; what are the challenges of international
cooperation; how can we prove that blocking tends to be used instead of and
not in addition to fighting crimes against children; how blocking can
disturb pending police investigations; how big the problem of child abuse
images on-line really is; and what role can the Internet community play in
addressing the problem.
The Government's representative, Tomasz Darkowski, argued in
favour of web blocking. Mr Darkowski stressed that the Directive
should, in the first place, prevent Internet users from accidental and
unwanted contact with child abuse images. He also expressed a strong
belief that web blocking would remain strictly to child abuse
images and there were no reasons to worry about possibilities of
extending blocking to other types of content. This claim is all the
more astonishing when one can already hear some politicians suggesting
that hate speech and illegal gambling sites should be blocked. Polish
experience clearly shows that it does not take a lot to change an
existing law, especially in order to make it more radical.
In the end, the Ombudsman had a voice. She expressed her astonishment
with the hot atmosphere of the meeting caused by the huge societal interest
in the issue of website blocking. Prof. Lipowicz called in for more evidence
and analysis to support our claims. It was also clear that further
discussions are needed - first to explain the technical aspects of
blocking and the second to analyse the risk of extending blocking to
other types of "unwanted" content. The office of the Ombudsman is committed
to helping us continue the debate. In the meantime, we are collecting
evidence and analyses requested by the Ombudsman (the action called "Respond
the Ombudsman") and preparing an electronic publication that will summarise
the debate. It will be published on 10 March 2011.
Finally, together with five other organisations, Panoptykon has sent an open
letter to the Prime Minister calling for a meeting "a year after". We want a
serious discussion on the future of Internet freedom in Poland, which seems
threatened not only by the blocking proposal. There are at least four other
controversial and pending areas of regulation, which need to be explored:
data retention, content liability, nonlinear audiovisual services and the
implementation of the Telecoms Package. We hope that the Prime Minister will
accept our invitation and a working meeting with the government will
happen before 15 March.
With regard to Internet blocking, we hope to hear from the
Prime Minister the same words we heard from Woody Allen's
character, quantum physics genius Boris Yellnikoff: "However, as only
a great mind can do, I've reassessed... my... position, and uh,
changed my mind."
Open letter of Polish NGOs to the Prime Minister(only in Polish)
Report on the position of Polish government in the Council (only in Polish,
Reports from the public debate on Internet blocking (+video)(only in Polish)
Action "Respond the Ombudsman" (only in Polish)
(Contribution by Katarzyna Szymielewicz - EDRi-member Panoptykon Foundation,
7. France: Loppsi 2 adopted - Internet filtering without court order
The French so-called Loppsi 2 draft law was adopted on 8 February 2011 by
the National Assembly as well as by the Senate without modifications, thus
allowing for the blocking of Internet access of a site deemed as having
"obvious" child pornographic content, without a court order. The text is
challenged by the Constitutional Court that will to decide whether the
new provisions are constitutional or not.
The draft law also allows for the installation of spyware by the police and
reinforces video-surveillance by the use of electronic bracelets.
Following its adoption, the opposition has filed an appeal against the law
to the Constitutional Council, showing concerns that the draft law gives
authorities "obvious inappropriate means" without "providing enough
guarantees against the eventual damages to the freedom of expression".
La Quadrature du Net has recently sent a memo to the Council asking for the
rejection of the Internet filtering as being against the Constitution,
inefficient and disproportionate. The group believes the law is a Trojan
horse which, under false pretences, will legitimise Internet censorship.
There will be no control over the way the filtering techniques will be set
up and, as the blacklist of websites to be filtered will be kept secret, it
will also be impossible to file complaints against filtering actions.
CFE-CGC professional unions as well as Unsa-Tilicoms union from France
Tilicom-Orange believe this is "a festival of incompetence, where, in the
name of overall security, this mixing-all text undermines fundamental
principles, especially in relation to the Internet, with the announced
blocking of the sites in the name of the fight against child pornography".
The opposition refers Loppsi 2 to the Constitutional Council (only in
French, 15.02.2011)
French LOPPSI Bill Adopted: The Internet under Control? (9.02.2011)
The administrative filtering of the net is contrary to the French
Constitution (only in French, 02.2011)
EDRi-gram: French law Loppsi 2 adopted by the General Assembly (12.01.2011)
8. Is the EU going to have a new common patent law?
Based on a recommendation of the Committee on Legal Affairs, the European
Parliament approved on 15 February 2011 the use of the enhanced co-operation
procedure to create a unitary patent system in the EU, following the
request made by 12 Member States in December 2010.
Presently, there are national patents coexisting with a European patent in a
complicated and fragmented system which implies that the patent holders must
choose the countries where they want patent protection. Also, Member
States may impose additional requirements and the European patents are only
enforced by national laws. The expenses involved are also very high because
the current system requires the translation into the official language of
every country in which patent protection is sought. According to the
European Commission, a European patent validated in 13 countries can cost up
to 18 000 euro, more than half of which on translation fees.
Attempts have been made during the last year to get a unified system but
they have failed mostly due to translation issues. In 2010, Spain and
Italy raised objections to the EU plans to allow EU patents to be printed in
any of the three EU official languages: English, French or German. The
enhanced co-operation procedure allows a group of EU nations to use EU
government bodies to create a new system when unanimous agreement cannot be
found. Other countries can opt-in to the new rules later on. Under the
Lisbon Treaty a minimum of nine Member States is enough for this procedure.
The Member States, having initiated the proposal, believe a unitary patent
system in EU will make things cheaper and easier, will ensure equal access
to all inventors within the EU and will simplify the handling of
infringements. .
The enhanced co-operation proposal is still to be examined by the
Competitiveness Council on 10 March 2011. If approved by the Council as
well, the Commission will have to present two proposals, one on the language
regime (consultation procedure) and the other establishing the single patent
(co-decision procedure).
However, a key legal opinion by the European Court of Justice is expected at
the end of this month regarding the proposed "enhanced cooperation".
According to documents published until now, the Court might find the
proposal in conflict with the EU treaties, which will delay the process and
require changes to the proposal.
Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE) has expressed concerns that the
European Parliament might lose its legislative competence regarding patents,
which will be controlled by the European Patent Organisation (EPO). A
conflict of interest would then be created, the EPO being responsible both
for awarding patents and for defining what is patentable.
FSFE also believes that "software patents hurt innovation and are an
unnecessary burden on European software developers. (...) Legislators need
to take charge and make sure the patent system contributes to the public
good. As the European Patent Organisation has acknowledged, this is a
decision that cannot be left to bureaucrats and the judiciary."
Spain and Italy might also use the courts to further postpone the process.
Single patent co-operation plan gets committee go-ahead (27.01.2011)
MEPs support vanguard group on EU patent (15.02.2011)
New pan-EU patent plan will be adopted by 25 of EU's 27 countries, says
Commission (16.02.2011)
European Patent: FSFE urges European Parliament to wait for legal advice
Draft European Parliament Legislative Resolution on the proposal for a
Council decision authorising enhanced cooperation in the area of the
creation of unitary patent protection (2.02.2011)
9. European Privacy & Human Rights 2010
On Data Protection Day, 28 January 2011, Privacy International, the Center
for Media and Communication Studies of the Central European University and
the Electronic Privacy Information Center, released the European Privacy &
Human Rights 2010 (EPHR) report. The survey reviews the landscape of
national privacy and data protection laws and regulations, in addition to
other laws, cases and recent developments, such as European NGOs' advocacy
activities, that have had an impact on privacy in Europe in the last two
years. The research field covers jurisdictions of all 27 EU Member States,
two EFTA countries (Norway and Switzerland), three EU accession candidate
states (Croatia, Macedonia and Turkey), and the EU itself as a jurisdiction.
Apart from the country-by-country analysis in 33 reports, the survey also
provides a comparative legal and policy analysis of major privacy topics and
a section on key developments country by country. A privacy ranking offers
a bird's-eye view of all major developments, and summarizes them
by grading the state of privacy in each state, from the ones which
"consistently uphold human rights standards" (best grade) to the ones where
"endemic surveillance" prevails (lowest grade), going through the states
that have "adequate safeguards against abuse" (satisfactory mark), present a
"systemic failure to uphold safeguards" (insufficient mark), or show signs
of "extensive surveillance" (very poor grade). Key findings then list
countries on a grading scale, such as the "good" ones ("European democracies
(...) in good health", with a "majority of countries having constitutional
protections") or the ones where "heroic" policy advocacy, campaigns or
protests that took place that slowed down or prevented privacy intrusions or
government surveillance.
A special section in the report outlines European NGOs' advocacy work in
each country. Several of EDRi's NGO members have directly contributed to
the success of those advocacy efforts in their respective countries.
Each country report is available in English and translated into the
country's official language(s). Another section provides an extensive list
of privacy resources, country by country.
The EPHR report builds upon the legacy of EPIC & Privacy International's
Privacy & Human Rights survey, in which more than 300 privacy experts from
all over the world have already participated for over a decade, making
this survey one of the world's most comprehensive report on privacy and
data protection.
The "EPHR 2010" report is part of a broader project that comprises, apart
from the publication of the report itself, two other action areas that will
be fully developed over the next six months: the dissemination of the report
on various online platforms, in particular mobile phones, so that people
around Europe can learn, in their own national language, about privacy
developments in their country; but also the development of awareness-raising
campaigns, including three "games" that teach people how to decode web
access logs and IP addresses and tie them to a unique individual, or figure
out which countries' servers their e-mails may have gone through, and may
possibly have been intercepted.
In addition to the research and production team, made up of people from the
Center for Media and Communication Studies at the Central European
University and Privacy International, more than 90 privacy and data
protection experts (privacy advocates, academics, lawyers and policy
experts) from 32 countries all over Europe, contributed with updates from
their respective countires. The European Commission funded the EPHR project
through its "Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Program (2007-2013)".
The European Privacy & Human Rights 2010 report
The introductory video
The "EPHR" project
Short presentation of the survey (31.01.2011)
(Contribution by Cedric Laurant - observer at EDRi)
10. ENDitorial: Internet blocking - EP opts for leadership over populism
On 14 February 2011, the Civil Liberties Committee of the European
Parliament (EP) voted on the European Commission's proposal on web blocking.
The European Commission had proposed mandatory EU-wide blocking and limited
safeguards. The approach is populist, simplistic and, by giving Member
States the option to take cosmetic measures to hide their inaction,
profoundly dangerous and counterproductive.
The Committee addressed the issue in numerous debates, from September 2009
until now and held a two-day hearing on the subject to get views from
international institutions, police and law enforcement bodies, child rights
organisations and EDRi, as the sole digital rights voice in the event. As a
result of this extensive analysis, Parliamentarians increasing came to the
conclusion that the issue was more complex and sensitive than it first
As a result, under the leadership of rapporteur Roberta Angelilli (EPP,
Italy), the Parliament voted for a text which moved the focus away from
technically inefficient measures and towards concrete tools to fight crimes
against children. Despite bizarre and desperate claims from some quarters
that this approach was somehow paedophile-friendly, the Committee
courageously rejected simplistic lobbying and took a leadership role -
pushing for effective policy across the European Union.
The text also harmonises the approach to existing European Union and
European Convention on Human Rights obligations with regard to restrictions
on communication. This will enable more coherent, predictable and
proportionate approaches in the future on a European level.
The Parliament text of Article 21 and Recital 13 prioritises concrete
measures aimed at addressing the existence of the illegal content on
websites, investigating the actual crimes and the criminals committing them,
as well as rescuing the victims.
It does this specifically by placing the emphasis on:
- removal at source: This measure undermines the same
existence of illegal material, avoiding "all" risks of re-victimisation,
while allowing Internet providers to keep record of content to facilitate
police's criminal investigation and victim identification;
- international cooperation: It is particularly important
to remove the systemic problems in communication and cooperation with third
countries' authorities that lead to illegal content in websites hosted
abroad not being dealt with expeditiously (this cooperation could include,
for example, the setting up of single points of contact for competent
- European annual reporting on removal activities: This
will help identify individual success and failures of Member States at a
national and international level, to disseminate best practices and ensure
maximum efforts to prosecute criminals and identify victims.
The Parliament's text will serve to clarify and harmonise the EU's approach
to existing legal obligations on restrictions to communications. In
- The least restrictive alternative is prioritised, namely, the deletion of
websites. Only when this is impossible can a more restrictive method (such
as blocking) be considered.
- In line with the European Convention on Human Rights,
alternative measures for removal at source (such as blocking) must be
"necessary" (ie, the measure must be effective and no other measure can be
reasonably available taking into account technical and economic feasibility)
- Respecting existing case law of the European Court of
Human Rights, restrictions must be imposed in a predictable (according to
law), transparent (ie, the measure should be based on relevant factors or
sufficient evidence) and proportionate (ie, the negative effects of a
measure should be counter-balanced by its benefits in terms of a legitimate
public policy objective) manner.
Proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on
combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child
pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
"Impact assessment": Accompanying document to the Proposal for a Council
Framework Decision on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA -
Impact assessment {COM(2009)135} {SEC(2009)356}
Commission official explains the Commission's research
EDRi's blocking booklet
EDRi-gram: Web blocking discussions in European Parliament reach critical
stage (12.01.2011)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
11. Recommended Action
The Council of Europe's Expert Committee on New Media launched a
consultation on its draft recommendations on search engines and social
networking services, including guidelines
Deadline for sending your comments:18 March 2011
Privacy International: Petition to Council of Europe on government use of
citizens biometrics
12. Recommended Reading
European DPAs adopt opinion on RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework
ENISA Report: 'Bittersweet cookies': new types of 'cookies' raise online
security & privacy concerns
Freedom in the days of the Internet
13. Agenda
23-28 February 2011, Gosier, Guadeloupe, France
ICDS 2011- 5th International Conference on Digital Society
24-25 February 2011, Berlin, Germany
The First OAPEN Conference
9 March 2011, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Big Brother Awards NL
11-12 March 2011, Ankara, Turkey
ICEGEG-2011- 3rd International Conference on E-Government and E-Governance
27-29 March 2011, Ghent, Belgium
Online content: policy and regulation for a global market
28 March 2011, Paris, France
5th European eAccessbility Forum: Benefits and costs of e-accessibility
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
15-17 April 2011, Berlin, Germany
Re:publica XI: Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-01-12 15:37:20
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.1, 12 January 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
  Number 9.1, 12 January 2011
1. Web blocking discussions in European Parliament reach critical stage
2. EU Commissioner criticises US for the data protection negotiations
3. IPR Enforcement Plan: Blocking, filtering and monitoring via injunction
4. New media law in Hungary allows Internet censorship
5. Polish Supreme Court: All electronic press must be registered
6. French law Loppsi 2 adopted by the General Assembly
7. RapidShare wins another alleged copyright infringement case
8. ENDitorial: EDRi's data retention workshop at CCC
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Web blocking discussions in European Parliament reach critical stage
The European Parliament is currently at a crucial stage in the discussions
on the European Commission's proposals on web blocking. The MEP
in charge, Roberta Angelilli, has presented her draft report, other
parliamentarians have until 20 January to propose other amendments and an
"orientation vote" which will informally set Parliament policy on issues of
general agreement will take place on 3 February.
Despite the fact that the original proposal was made by the Commission in
March 2009, the level of debate has not developed to any great extent after
almost two years of discussion. The fact that the Commission failed to
provide any evidence from countries that already block websites has not had
any positive impact whatsoever. The fact that blocking is increasingly
irrelevant due to the use of P2P and hacked servers instead of static
"blockable" websites or the fact that blocking will give criminals immediate
warning that they have been detected are of no particular importance in the
debate. Indeed, even the actual purpose of blocking - accidental access,
deliberate access or something else - is not an issue which has been
discussed in any detail.
Nonetheless, in the debate held in the Civil Liberties Committee on 10
January 2011, eleven of the twelve parliamentarians who spoke were opposed
to the introduction of mandatory EU-wide blocking, German conservative MEP
Axel Voss being the sole exception. Roberta Angelilli's position is somewhat
unclear - in the legally binding articles of her report, she suggests making
blocking optional. However, in the explanatory "recitals", she suggests that
mechanisms "be put in place to block access from the Union's territory to
internet pages identified as containing or disseminating child pornography"
and promotes the concept that Internet access providers should take on the
role of extra-judicial censors.
With regard to extra-judicial blocking, the Commission supports this
approach, despite having stated in an impact assessment in 2007 that "the
adoption of blocking measures necessarily implies a restriction of human
rights, in particular the freedom of expression and therefore, it can only
be imposed by law".
The blocking proposal has even led the European Commission to enter the
public affairs market. On 12 January, they cooperated with the Child
Exploitation and Online Protection Centre (CEOP - affiliated to the UK
police Serious Organised Crime Agency) to transport parliamentarians to
London for a day of pro-blocking lobbying.
EDRi campaign page (10.01.2011)
Draft parliament report on the proposal for a directive of the European
Parliament and of the Council on combating sexual abuse, sexual exploitation
of children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
Proposal for a Directive on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation
of children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
Impact Assessment  - Proposal for a Council Framework Decision amending
Framework Decision 2002/475/JHA on combating terrorism (6.11.2007)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. EU Commissioner criticises US for the data protection negotiations
Following a meeting she had in December 2010 with US attorney general Eric
Holder and Interior Minister Janet Napolitano, the EU Justice Commissioner
Viviane Reding expressed her concern on what she believed to be a
lack of interest of the US officials regarding the data protection agreement
to be negotiated between EU and US.
"The meeting turned out to be somewhat disappointing on data protection.
to talk seriously about data protection," Ms Reding said in a
statement adding that the US have not appointed a negotiator yet.
The US administration disagreed with Ms. Reding and William Kennard, the
United States ambassador to the European Union, stated that in his opinion
things had moved ahead and that, in order to decide on the negotiator, the
US administration needed to better understand what EU negotiators wanted to
include in the agreement.
The EU-US data-sharing agreement (so-called SWIFT deal) that gives US
authorities access to bank transfer information for anti-terrorism purposes
was rejected by EU legislature in February 2010 pending better data
protection conditions. An agreement became operational in August 2010 when
further protections were added to the SWIFT deal, such as the presence of an
EU supervisor in Washington to check that no abuse occurs.
In the meantime, US authorities continue talks for the existing EU-US
PNR (Passenger Name Record) exchange agreement which obliges airlines to
send details on passengers flying to USA that are to be cross-checked with
the US terrorist watch list.
The scope of the data use is wider than the European Parliament is
comfortable with. EP is asking for a high level of protection of the
transferred personal data (such as PNR data and financial information) and
wants a charter of rights outlining the fundamental principles that should
stand at the basis of future data-sharing, covering also bilateral
According to leaked information, the US authorities have several parallel
bilateral data sharing agreements with European governments."Member states
do business with the US and don't tell anyone, not even their own
parliaments. So the things the European Parliament can do on PNR for
instance, are marginal, because if Washington doesn't get it that way, they
do it bilaterally," stated MEP Sophie in't Veld.
The EU wants citizens to get the right to rectify and delete data and to go
to court in case of data misuse and asks for a more proportionate use of the
data by the authorities.
Reding wants to obtain limitations of retained data , a strict
ban on the transfer of data to other countries and asks for an independent
data protection supervisor to be appointed by the US for the supervision of
the authorities' use of citizen data, as there is in Europe.
Reding slams US over data privacy (21.12.2010)
Reding asks the "Kissinger question" on Data Protection Agreement with US
Viviane Reding takes on US over data privacy rights in anti-terror campaign
US envoy rejects Reding's charges on data protection (20.12.2010)
EDRi-gram: Data protection authorities call for a strict EU-US privacy
agreement (1.12.2010)
3. IPR Enforcement Plan: Blocking, filtering and monitoring via injunction
Just before Christmas, the European Commission published its report on
the application of the IPR Enforcement Directive.
The text, while written in fairly neutral terms, does subtly show the
Commission's plans for the enforcement of intellectual property rights and
the dangers that these hold for citizens' rights. Two points in particular
stand out - the circumvention of the E-Commerce Directive, in particular to
overturn the ban on imposing a "general obligation to monitor" on Internet
providers, and the intended weakening of the EU's data protection regime for
the benefit of copyright holders.
A.General obligation to monitor
The text explains that in order to have injunctions work "efficiently, it
could be useful to clarify that injunctions should not depend on the
liability of the intermediary". As the "no obligation to monitor" obligation
in the E-Commerce Directive is part of the intermediary liability section of
the Directive, this "clarification" in any revision of the Directive would
aim to give Member States the green light to impose monitoring and blocking
obligations on Internet intermediaries.
One example of how this would work in practice can be found in the Belgian
Scarlet/Sabam case, which is currently before the European Court of Justice.
In that case, the lower Belgian court decided that the Internet Provider
Scarlet was obliged to implement software on its network which would block
all "infringing" communications (identified automatically via software) of
sound files transferred via peer to peer over its network.
Commissioner Malmstrvm, who said in May 2010 that the "Commission
has absolutely no plans to propose blocking of other types of content"
(apart from child abuse images) and who promised to "personally very
strongly oppose any such idea" has so far been silent on this issue.
Furthermore, the findings reported in the Staff Working Paper that
accompanies this Report indicate that the currently available laws are not
strong enough to combat infringements of intellectual property rights
effectively, so it proposes deputizing internet intermediaries in an
extra-judicial policing role. "Given intermediaries' favourable position to
contribute to the prevention and termination of online infringements, the
Commission could explore how to involve them more closely."
B. Data protection
The Communication also seeks to undermine the fundamental right to privacy
by implying that a "rebalancing" is necessary between the right to privacy
and the right to property, as defined in the EU Charter on Fundamental
Rights. This has been one of the key demands of the content industry, which
argues that industry (that should be involved more closely in the
enforcement of IPR according to the Commission) should have greater rights
to use consumer data in order to police and prosecute their own clients.
The following text is from page 7 of the report:
"National laws implementing the various directives must therefore be
construed in a way that allows a balance to be struck between these rights
in each case in order to guarantee that the provision on the right of
information can protect the rightholders effectively without compromising
rights relating to the protection of personal data."
The Communication is part of a consultation and replies should be received
by 31 March 2011. All citizens who care about fundamental rights should
respond to the Communication.
Commission Communication - Application of Directive 2004/48/EC of the
European Parliament and the Council of 29 April 2004 on the enforcement of
intellectual property rights (22.12.2010)
SABAM v. S.A. Scarlet, District Court of Brussels, No. 04/8975/A, Decision
of 29 June 2007, published in CAELJ Translation Series  (Mady,
Bourrouilhou, & Hughes, trans.), 25 Cardozo Arts & Ent. L. J. 1279 (2008)
Malmstrvm's promise: "Combating sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of
children and child pornography: the Commission's proposed Directive"
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
4. New media law in Hungary allows Internet censorship
On 1 January 2011, a new Hungarian media law entered into force, giving the
government the power to control the Internet, endangering the freedom of
speech and journalism in general.
As Hungary took over the EU Presidency on 6 January 2011, in a context where
there are strong attempts from various EU governments to censor the
Internet, the Hungarian authorities started the year with a new law giving
excessive powers and control to the government over the public media
including Internet content.
According to the newly introduced law, all media must be registered and the
licences may be suspended or withdrawn for breaches.
The text does not distinguish between different types of media - traditional
broadcasters as well as online platforms have to obey the same
standards - and extends the protection against content, ranging from hate
speech to unintentional insult and incitement to hatred.
The law introduces the creation of a strong censorship authority which has
the power to unilaterally judge content material on the basis of broad and
unclearly defined criteria such as the protection of public order or the
appropriate information in relation to public affairs.
Perceived breaching of the law may bring forth fines of thousands of Euro
which will likely lead to media self-censorship, so much than
the text limits the journalists' capacity of protecting their sources, the
authority having the power to seize documents and files if it deems
necessary (even legally protected data).
The law is largely criticised and opposed by civil liberties organisations,
civil groups, media lawyers and even by other EU governments. Werner Hoyer,
the German deputy foreign minister stated that in his opinion the media law
"does not represent the idea of a union that is built on unity in
diversity," and added that Hungary should not be allowed to speak on
violations of free speech in Belarus as "the right to speak in the name of
Europe naturally implies a duty to respect internal European norms to be
able to represent them to the outside world in credible fashion." A
spokesperson for the French Presidency also stated France wanted the
Hungarian media law text to be altered, deeming it "incompatible" with the
idea of freedom of the press.
All the Hungarian parliamentary opposition parties said that they would
submit an appeal to the country's Constitutional Court.
A joint analysis of the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union, the Evtvvs Karoly
Institute and the Hungarian Helsinki Committee, assessing the method and
pace of the legislative work of the newly elected Hungarian Parliament,
concluded the law violated the principle of the rule of law.
A group of Internet citizens, blackout4hungary, initiated a movement calling
on all Hungarians to turn their websites black starting with 5 January 2010,
as a protest against Internet censorship.
Following a meeting with the EU college of Commissioners on the EU
priorities for the next 6 years, the Hungarian Government seems to have a
softer attitude and Viktor Orban, the Hungarian Prime Minister admitted that
his government needed to ensure that "adverse debate" did not overshadow the
Hungarian EU presidency.
Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso stated for the press that he had
"received reassurances from the (Hungarian) prime minister that the law is
drawn up and will be implemented in full respect of European Union values on
media freedom and relevant EU legislation," and that the Prime Minister
"equally made clear that adjustments would be made, should the commission,
after a legal assessment, find that this is not the case for all aspects of
the law."
The Commission is now to issue a legal opinion on the matter but no official
date has yet been established.
Websites Black-out as Drastic Internet Censorship is Introduced in Hungary
The second wave of legislation by Hungary's new Parliament - Violating the
rule of law (13.12.2010)
Barroso puts the squeeze on Hungary over media law (6.01.2011)
Hungary to change media law if EU deems necessary (7.01.2011)
Hungary to Regulate All Media (31.12.2010)
Neelie Kroes Vice-President of the European Commission responsible for the
Digital Agenda Hungary's new media law Open Hearing on Freedom of the Press
in Hungary European Parliament (11.01.2011)
5. Polish Supreme Court: All electronic press must be registered
On 15 December 2010, in a cassation proceeding, the Polish Supreme Court
decided that all electronic press in Poland must be registered. This
decision goes along the line traced by its 2007 decision of the same
substance, followed by a corresponding press law amendment proposal by the
Ministry of Culture and National Heritage, including obligatory registration
of all "electronic press", both of which were strongly criticized by the
Polish legal doctrine and internet community.
Recently, it seemed that things were improving - the 2010
Ministry of Culture's proposition of press law amendment oozed hope, as it
included a voluntary registration of "electronic media" (giving those
registering the privileges foreseen by the press law such as journalistic
secrecy), excluding from its scope the webpages of personal character, in
particular blogs. This recent Supreme Court decision however reverses the
positive course of the debate and takes Poland three years back in the
discussion on free speech on-line. It must be emphasized that such a Supreme
Court decision is literally contrary to Polish press law regulation, as it
is based on extensive interpretation of criminal press law liability.
The Polish Press Law Act from 26 January 1984 defines "press" as "any
periodic publications which do not constitute a closed, uniform entity,
appearing no less than once a year, having a regular title or name, current
number and date, and in particular: journals, periodicals, news services,
regular fax transmissions, bulletins, radio and television programs and film
chronicles;" but also "any means of mass media, existing or appearing as a
result of technical progress, including broadcasting stations, public
television and radio address systems, that broadcast publications
periodically as print, picture, sound or using any other broadcasting
technique"(Article 7 par. 2 pt. 1). Although arguable, one might consider
some examples of electronic publications as constituting press (rather as a
particular "mean of mass media", then a "periodic publication" of a "closed
form" with a "current number"). Art. 20 of the Press Law Act requires the
registration not of press as such, but only for journals and periodicals.
Such registration should be done with a district court at the place of the
domicile of the publisher.
The Act defines "journals" ("dzienniki") as well as "periodicals"
("czasopisma") in art. 7 par. 2 items 2 and 3. There, a journal is
defined as "a periodic print or a transmission of sound or sound and vision
of general information, appearing no less than once a week", (item 2), while
"a periodical is a periodic print appearing no more than once a week and no
less than once a year; the regulation may also apply appropriately to
transmissions of sound or sound and vision other than described in par. 2."
(item 3). According to Press Law Article 45, publishing a journal or a
periodical without registration may result in a fine or a criminal sentence
of up to 12 months of public service.
It ought to be emphasized that the sentence of the 15 December 2010 decision
sets the administrator of the subject web-page (gazetabytowska.pl) free. The
Supreme Court upholds the decision of the Slupsk district court that did
find the plaintiff guilty of infringing Press Law Article 45, that is
publishing (on-line) a journal or a periodical without registration, however
acquitted him due to the minimal public menace of the offence. The Supreme
Court decision upholds this sentence, which means that it finds that
failure to register an electronic publication constitutes a crime. In an
oral statement, the reporting judge commented that the Court did not aim at
registering the entire content of the Internet but wished for the
obligation of registering press foreseen in Article 7 to be properly obeyed.
It ought to be emphasized that as cited above, Article 7 does not include
an obligation to register press as such - this obligation is foreseen in
Article 20 and concerns only journals and periodicals, meaning "periodic
print or a transmission of sound or sound and vision", so a rare
characteristic for electronic media which are available mainly in written,
electronic form.
This decision goes along the line of the 2007 "Szyciepoprzemysku" decision,
concerning another electronic publication available solely on-line. The
Supreme Court, in its decision from 26 July 2007 (IV KK 174/07) found that
the " deliberations on the fact that, in the light of law, publishing
press in electronic form does not require registration are wrong and
contrary to entrenched doctrine opinions. (...) It is clear, that the
Internet may not be registered (...), just like paper. Paper as such does
not have to be registered, however the printed paper must be registered,
what is more - not the very paper itself, but rather the activity of
printing on it and publishing it in the form of a journal or periodical -
meaning press." It went on to say, that "the person distributing without
registration in the suitable district court, a journal or a periodical on
the Internet, regardless whether such a distribution is accompanied by a
transmission in print, next to its electronic form, or whether it exists
solely in the electronic form on the Internet, suffices to recognize the
crime described in art 45 of Press Law as having been committed."
The core problem with the interpretation presented by the Supreme Court lies
in the wide responsibility of the web-publisher that in this case is the
page-administrator, who, according to the Supreme Court Decision, should
be saddled with all the responsibilities of an Editor in Chief of a
traditional newspaper. The Polish Press Law foresees this responsibility as
encompassing the responsibility for the press material published in the
periodical or journal under his authority. Furthermore, there is no legal
rule allowing for a clear distinction between the web-pages that require
registration and those that do not. Leaving this difficult analysis solely
to web-page administrators seems a task far too heavy for them to shoulder.
What is more, such an obligation, and - following the suggestion of the
Supreme Court - the punishment of the ones who do not fulfil it should be
considered a breach of one of the basic rules of criminal law: nullum crimen
sine lege certa et stricta (this argument was also raised by the defendant
accused in the "Gazeta Bytowska" case and by the Helsinki
Federation). There is no "clear" and "certain" rule of law that tells the
web-administrators of a certain category of web-pages that it is their duty
to register their webpage (a webpage of a certain sort, as it is clear that
not all web-pages may be considered journals or periodicals). Interpreting
that rule out of the existing regulations is an expanding interpretation of
a criminal norm that is inadmissible.
One must not forget that in the Polish legal system, the Supreme Court
Decision is binding solely in the particular case. Nonetheless the role
that the legal interpretations made by the highest legal instance plays in
the further application of legal norms must not be under appreciated.
The decision will not be published, as according to Polish procedural
regulations this kind of decision (a provisional ruling "postanowienie")
need not be done in writing, when the Court finds the claim "clearly
unjustified" and refers to it in an oral statement during a session (such
as this case ).
Polish Helsinki Foundation statement on the decision (only in Polish,
J. Kulesza, Which Legal Standards Should Apply To Web-logs? The present
legal position of Internet journals in the European jurisprudence in the
light of the European Parliament Committee's on Culture and Education report
and Polish Supreme Court decision, Lex Electronica, 2009/3(13)
Supreme Court: online newspapers have to register with the court as well as
paper ones (only in Polish, 15.12.2010)
(Contribution by Joanna Kulesza, University of Lodz, Poland)
6. French law Loppsi 2 adopted by the General Assembly
The so-called Loppsi 2 law (loi d'orientation et de programmation pour la
performance de la sicuriti intirieure - law on guidelines and programming
for the performance of internal security) was approved by the French General
Assembly in its second reading on 21 December 2010 with a large majority and
is now to go under debate in the Senate in the second reading, in a
toughened version.
The law which, among several measures covers a mix of security domains,
asks ISPs to block Internet sites deemed to have child pornographic content,
now includes a version that will no longer require a previous judicial
approval, which is actually against the French Constitution, and which may
lead to abuses.
The law also gives the police the power to install remote spyware on PCs,
although in this case, under judicial control. Yet, these types of
operations seems to have already been undertaken by DRCI (The Direction
Centrale du Renseignement Intirieur - Central Directorate of Interior
Intelligence) even before the implementation of the law.
The approved text also allows for generalised video surveillance in public
places. A very worrying and contested measure is that of giving authorities
the power to limit the use of public data only to people whose "morality"
has been previously verified.
While the draft law waits to enter into its second reading in the Senate, a
group of several French liberty groups, union federations, civil
associations as well as several political parties have called for a general
mobilisation in a protest movement all over the country on 15 January 2011.
"This law prepares a control society based on tension and stigmatisations.
It materialises the phantasm of the interior enemy and assimilates any
contesting act to an attack to the State. It will weaken the prevention and
judicial guarantees," says the call to the manifestation.
The deputies adopt Loppsi law with a great majority (only in French,
LOPPSI 2: they sell off freedoms! (only in French)
Loppsi 2: Return to the contested items (only in French, 7.01.2011)
EDRigram : French law Loppsi 2 under debate again (15.12.2010)
7. RapidShare wins another alleged copyright infringement case
RapidShare, the Swiss based file-hosting service, won the appeal against
the computer game distributor Atari Europe. In March 2010, D|sseldorf
Regional Court ruled that the company had not taken sufficient measures to
hinder the distribution of the computer game "Alone in the Dark" via its
The Higher Regional Court of D|sseldorf has now dismissed Atari's claim
through an amendment of the original ruling, acknowledging RapidShare's
efforts to take measures against the illegal distribution of copyrighted
The Court also ruled against Atari's demands for a keyword filter and an
automatic retrieval and deletion of all files containing certain keywords
considering such a measure as unreasonable and creating the risk of also
deleting legal files that match the same keywords. Other proposed measures
such as a manual verification of suspect files and the removal of links on
third party search engines were considered impossible, unreasonable and
"The ruling demonstrates once again that RapidShare is operating a fully
legal range and has taken measures against the misuse of its service which
go beyond the level that is legally required. We are confident that
copyright holders will gradually come to accept this conclusion," stated
Daniel Raimer, RapidShare's lawyer and spokesman.
This is the second decision of the kind taken by the German court in favour
of RapidShare. In July 2010 The Higher Regional Court of D|sseldorf ruled
against Capelight Pictures giving a similar decision. Also, in May 2009, a
US court ruled that RapidShare was not guilty of copyright
RapidShare wins appeal against Atari (6.01.2011)
RapidShare's Measures Against Piracy Are Sufficient, Court Rules (6.01.2011)
Game over for Atari case against Rapidshare (6.01.2011)
EDRi-gram: Germany: Filtering by keywords is not an obligation for a hosting
company (28.07.2010)
8. ENDitorial: EDRi's data retention workshop at CCC
Two EDRi members, Bits of Freedom and Panoptykon Foundation,
together with one observer Patrick Breyer from AK Vorrat, gave a talk on
data retention and hosted a workshop for activists during the Chaos
Communication Congress (CCC) which is Europe's biggest meeting of the
hacking communities and which takes place every year in Berlin. The 27th
congress was held under the revealing title "We come in peace". During four
days of meetings, hackers, journalists, activists and a few MEPs discussed
the conflicts that threaten freedom in the digital world, the challenges we
will face in 2011, technological discoveries made in 2010 and strategies for
What we prepared for this occasion was an hour-long lecture presented
along with a dynamic slide show. The presentation was composed of five
(i) explanation of how data retention came about and what problems we have
with it;
(ii) overview of key jurisprudence undermining the principle of blanket data
(iii) outcomes of the evaluation process and the state of affairs in the
European Commission;
(iv) cases of abuse from various Member States; and
(v) strategies for further action against data retention.
Our primary goal was to show that the year 2011 will be crucial in the
fight against blanket data retention and therefore we need to create a
broad activist movement and gain more social support to make our voice
heard. We explained how civil society could exert an influence on the
decision makers in Brussels and MEPs and what time frames we faced. We
stressed the need for an EU-wide shadow report to be drafted by March
and published right before the official report by DG Home. Another
point was that we needed to gather data on the use of retention data
from various EU countries, translate it into clear and convincing
messages for the media and prepare a consistent campaigning strategy.
These needs and initial concepts were elaborated during an informal
discussion at our workshop, which was announced in the plenary. CCC
gave us this opportunity to organise our own event on the second day
meant as a discussion space and informal gathering for activists
interested in the data retention campaign. We welcomed about 50 persons
who discussed with us practical aspects of the campaign for nearly two
hours. The energy was high and we felt that another AK Vorrat-type
of mobilisation is possible. As a result of this meeting we decided to
set up provisional discussion tools - a wiki and a mailing list -
where the conversation may continues. Everybody is welcome to join. You
can also do it by e-mailing: info at bof dot nl
Presentation slides (27.12.2010)
 at 27c3.pdf
Video recording of the talk (27.12.2010)
Summary of the workshop (joint effort, in progress)
Wiki - dedicated to discussion on the campaign name
(Contribution by Katarzyna Szymielewicz - EDRi-member Panoptykon Foundation,
9. Recommended Reading
Report of the "Comiti des Sages" reflection group on bringing Europe's
cultural heritage online (10.01.2011)
Article 29 Working Party - Opinion 8/2010 on applicable law (16.12.2010)
Statewatch is pleased to announce free access to its specialist civil
liberties websites:
1. The Statewatch database with 27 000 articles on civil liberties in Europe
dating back 20 years
2. The SEMDOC website: Statewatch European Monitoring Centre on EU Justice
and Home Affairs policy
10. Agenda
15-16 January 2011, Galway, Ireland
Reset Ireland - action plan for open government and media reform
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
26 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
Cultural Diversity and Europe 2020: Nuisance or necessity?
23-28 February 2011, Gosier, Guadeloupe, France
ICDS 2011- 5th International Conference on Digital Society
24-25 February 2011, Berlin, Germany
The First OAPEN Conference
11-12 March 2011, Ankara, Turkey
ICEGEG-2011- 3rd International Conference on E-Government and E-Governance
28 March 2011, Paris, France
5th European eAccessbility Forum: Benefits and costs of e-accessibility
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
Abstract submission: 18 February 2011
11. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-01-26 20:12:36
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.2, 26 January 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
  Number 9.2, 26 January 2011
1. EDRi responds to data protection consultation
2. EC's leak describes blocking as "challenging", "costly" and ineffective
3. EU institutions want clarifications form Hungary on its media legislation
4. European Commission concerned over illegal eavesdropping in Bulgaria
5. Romanian NGOs demand stopping data retention in Europe
6. Spain: Right to be forgotten and Google
7. Sarkozy wants a "civilised" Internet
8. ENDitorial: EDRi publishes study on self-regulation and censorship
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. EDRi responds to data protection consultation
Building on the analysis produced for the European Commission's initial data
protection consultation in 2009, European Digital Rights has submitted its
second round of comments on the review of the 1995 Data Protection
One of EDRi's primary concerns with regard to the existing legal framework
is the lack of predictability - due to vast differences in the way basic
parts of the Directive are understood by Member States' authorities and
courts as well as the powers and resources of national data protection
authorities. This led EDRi to the conclusion that a directly applicable EU
Regulation is needed, rather than the current situation, where 27 Member
States have to implement a Directive into their national law, leading to
these diverging implementations.
Another core problem to address is the plummeting costs of data processing
which causes more and more data to be collected and used. Such processing
will lead to ever-greater risks being taken with personal data unless legal
provisions ensure that the risk-reward balance for data processors is
adapted appropriately.
Processing of personal data by states comes in for particular criticism in
EDRi's submission. The actions of Member States must be consistent with what
they expect from private companies, and there are many examples of this not
being the case. There are numerous examples of electronic patient records,
e-government systems and public transport payment systems which do not
respect "privacy by design", data minimization and other key principles.
Worse still, the broad exception given to Council of Europe Member States in
that institution's Recommendation on profiling, which accepts in principle
that the most basic of privacy protections, may be set aside by European
Regarding data processing by companies, EDRi welcomes many of the policies
described in the Commission Communication, such as data minimization, the
right to be forgotten, rights of access and erasure of data etc, but points
out that many of these rights are already in the existing legislation. The
task at hand, therefore, is not to re-legislate for existing rights, but to
establish why these rights are not readily enforceable.
Concerning new technologies, EDRi suggests that there are three trends
which need to be taken into account - the exponential growth in personal
data processing capabilities, the growing disconnection between data
processing and physical location and the Internet of Things.
In order to improve implementation, EDRi called for increased
implementation powers for national data protection authorities (DPAs) as
well as a targeted reduction in the administrative burden. The reduction of
the administrative burden should (and must) lead to national DPAs having
more time and resources to devote to practical improvements in privacy
protection for data subjects.
Both the change of legal environment as a result of the Lisbon Treaty and
the increasing trend for data collected by private companies to be used for
policing purposes means that it is essential to include data collected for
policing purposes in the Directive. A strong data protection framework is
the minimum price that should be paid for the levels of police and security
cooperation that are currently demanded and enacted within the EU and
between the EU and third states.
EDRi believes that a Regulation would be a better instrument to
ensure clarification and simplification of rules for international data
transfers. EDRi believes that the current "safe harbour" exceptions result
in an opaque and unaccountable situation for data subjects. At the same
time, EDRi feels very strongly about retaining the base principle that
personal data should not be exported to jurisdictions without safeguards
that are materially similar to those within the European Free Trade Area.
Finally, EDRi drew attention to a separate consultation that overlaps with
the Commission's work on Data Protection - the Communication on the IPR
Enforcement Directive. This latter Communication seeks to undermine the
fundamental right to privacy by suggesting an opaque effort to "rebalance"
rights to the benefit of so-called property rights. It is entirely and
obviously unacceptable that the European Commission can simultaneously be
negotiating ratification of the European Convention on Human Rights and
seeking to undermine its core provisions.
EDRi response to 2010 Communication on Data Protection Directive revision
European Commission 2010 Communication on Data Protection Directive
revision (4.11.2010)
Data Protection Reform Strategy: EDPS sets out his vision for the new
framework (18.01.2011)
Communication on IPR Enforcement Directive (22.12.2010)
EDRi response to 2009 Consultation on Data Protection Directive revision
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. EC's leak describes blocking as "challenging", "costly" and ineffective
A leaked draft of the European Commission's (EC) Green Paper on gambling
provides some valuable insights into the Commission's views on web blocking.
Firstly, contrary to Commissioner Malmstrvm's repeated promises to the
contrary, the leak shows that the Commission has no objections in principle
to blocking being used against content other than child abuse. The document
states that blocking of unlicensed gambling websites "might be justified".
The draft policy document goes on to describe what it sees as a key
advantage of DNS blocking - that it can be used to hijack users' connections
to direct them to approved sites.
Nonetheless, while in favour of blocking in principle,  the document
explicitly recognises that blocking is "technically challenging and costly"
and that blocking will leave a "significant" residual level of illegal sites
publicly available. In particular, and this is of importance for blocking in
relation to child abuse material, the document says that regular updating of
a blocking list will be "costly" - a point studiously avoided by the
European Commission in the blocking debate so far.
Meanwhile, the Civil Liberties Committee of the European Parliament is
getting ready for its vote on blocking next week. 342 amendments have been
tabled to the Child Exploitation Directive as a whole, with 45 addressing
the issue of Internet blocking. While there is a large consensus that
blocking should not be mandatory on Member States, there is a wide
divergence of opinion on whether blocking should be promoted or not by the
Directive and whether "non-legislative" measures should be encouraged as a
means of achieving blocking.
Among MEPs that have been diligently working on the dossier in the 22 months
since the original proposal was made, there is widespread agreement that
neither blocking nor non-legislative measures should not be promoted.
However, numerous amendments have been tabled by MEPs that have never spoken
in a single debate on the issue. When the vote happens, therefore, all will
hang on the efforts by activists to contact MEPs and persuade them that
blocking is dangerous and that extra-judicial actions by Internet access
providers to restrict access to content would be wrong and contrary to the
most basic principles of fundamental rights.
Draft European Commission Green Paper on online gambling in the Internal
market (01.2011)
EDRi's web blocking campaign page
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. EU institutions want clarifications form Hungary on its media legislation
The Hungarian EU Presidency was met on 19 January 2011 with opposition and
criticism due to the controversial media legislation Hungary has recently
introduced. Some MEPs displayed white banners that read
Viktor Orban, the Hungarian Prime-Minister started his speech by stating
that the Hungarian government was willing to change the legislation if the
European Commission finds it to be at fault, as the law is presently under
its legal review to establish whether it contravenes the EU law. Orban added
that Hungary would follow the EC opinion provided it was scrupulously
objective, and insisted that Hungary should be treated like any other EU
member state. Also, that a separation should be made between Hungary's EU
presidency and Hungary's internal affairs.
Several MEPs expressed the opinion that the legislation ought to be scrapped
entirely. The new law establishes a Media Council (MC) to ensure "balanced"
reporting, and requires all media types to be registered, including online
media such as forums and blogs.
Miklos Haraszti, former OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media,
explained that there are actually five interconnected legislative acts
introduced in Hungary since June 2010 that were passed in a rush, at the end
of the year, without any consultation.
According to the corroborated legislation, all media (including the
Internet) are bound to provide "comprehensive, factual, up-to-date,
objective and balanced coverage on local, national and European issues that
may be of interest for the general public and on any event bearing relevance
to the citizens of the Republic of Hungary and members of the Hungarian
nation." In Haraszti's opinion, the obligation of the registration for all
news providers (including print and Internet-based ) is specifically
forbidden in the Council of Europe guidelines.
The new Hungarian legislation stipulates high penalties, from 90 000 to
722000 Euro for infringements such as the provision of content that may
potentially hurt any community. In order to verify the violations, MC may
access any data, including legally protected information.. Refusal to offer
the required data may bring a fine of up to180 000 Euro to any media
The legislation thus puts the entire media under the power of a single
governmental authority and, according to Judit Bayer, associate professor
of media law at King Sigismund College in Budapest, the law is
"unquestionably a serious attack on press freedom, and contrary to Article 2
of Lisbon Treaty, Article 10 of the European Convention of Human Rights and
Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights."
On 21 January 2011, the European Commission sent a letter to the Hungarian
government, giving them two weeks to answer the concerns related to this
law. In case of an inadequate answer, Hungary may face legal action.
"The commission services have serious doubts as to the compatibility of the
Hungarian legislation with Union law," wrote Vice-President of the
Commission in charge of the Digital Agenda, , Neelie Kroes.
The letter also refers to the provisions of the law that allow Hungary to
fine broadcasters based outside the country for what is deemed hate
speech, as well as the mandatory registration of all media, including
websites, which appear to be incompatible with EU rules.
Orban meets barrage of MEP criticism over media law (19.01.2011)
Hungary's Media Law Package (16.01.2011)
Hungary's new law a threat to democracy (17.01.2011)
EC to inform Hungary about concerns with media law this week (19.01.2011)
EU gives Hungary two weeks to reply on media law (22.01.2011)
EDRi-gram: New media law in Hungary allows Internet censorship (12.01.2011)
4. European Commission concerned over illegal eavesdropping in Bulgaria
Based on a request for access to public information, Dnevnik daily newspaper
has been able to access and publish information showing that a
third of the wiretaps in Bulgaria have no proper legal coverage, being
performed without an authorisation from a judge.
This is possible due to a "flexible" formulation of the procedure for
requesting the interception of a person's communications. An internal
directive issued by Boris Velchev, the prosecutor-general allows prosecutors
to request eavesdropping without the authorisation of a judge when a
criminal investigation has been opened.
According to Dvevnik, based on this procedure, 2 767 such cases of illegal
eavesdropping have already taken place in seven months. The daily also
revealed that, according to economists, Bulgaria spends 50 times more than
the UK on eavesdropping.
While the Bulgarian press reveals a significant increase of eavesdropping
under the government of Boyko Borissov, the Bulgarian Prime-Minister
justifies the government eavesdropping as an important instrument in
fighting organised crime.
The European Commission has recently requested information from the
Bulgarian authorities related to the legality of the eavesdropping
activities, following leaks into Galeria tabloid concerning taped phone
conversations in which apparently Boyko Borissov spoke of the need to
"protect" a controversial businessperson from customs checks. As a result of
the scandal in the press, Borissov asked for a vote of confidence in the
Parliament, which he won on 20 January 2011.
The ALDE group submitted on 21 January 2011 a question to the Commission
asking clarifications over the application of the Bulgarian wiretap law,
which infringes the Bulgarian Constitution, the provisions of the Lisbon
Treaty, the ECHR and the European Charter of Fundamental Rights.
"The current Bulgarian scandal over the escalating use of Special
Intelligence Means is a stain on the image of Bulgaria in the same way as
the Hungarian media law this week taints the international image of that
country. The data collected from the special services in Bulgaria is leaking
widely and the only independent mechanism for control over the special
services has been abolished. There is a widespread paranoia spreading
amongst Bulgarian society. The European Commission should step in and uphold
the rights of Bulgarian citizens under EU law before this situation gets out
of hand," said ALDE MEP Stanimir Ilchev.
The European Commission is expected to present a report in February on
progress made by Bulgaria under the Cooperation and Verification Mechanism
monitoring procedure.
One third of eavesdropping in Bulgaria illegal (21.01.2011)
Wiretap scandal rocks Bulgarian government (18.01.2011)
Any third monitoring of GSM and the Internet has no control (only in
Bulgarian, 22.01.2011)
Eavesdropping scandal in Bulgaria: Commission must investigate (21.01.2011)
EDRi-gram: Protests in Bulgaria against eavesdropping and data retention law
5. Romanian NGOs demand stopping data retention in Europe
In an open letter sent to the European institutions, several Romanian NGOs,
including EDRi-member APTI Romania, demanded stopping data retention in
Europe, following the decisions of the Constitutional Courts in Romania and
The letter asks the European Commission to take advantage of the evaluation
process of the Data Retention Directive in order to correct the mistakes of
the past and to nullify the Directive, as it has been shown there are
difficulties in obtaining the relevant data regarding the efficiency of such
a system. The Commission has also received clear examples of abuses and
adverse effects on privacy.
The signatories underline that a Romanian implementation of the EU Directive
on data retention is impossible, after the 2009 decision of the
Constitutional Court that considered that the fundamental scope of the law
(and thus of the Directive)  - legal obligation to continuously and
indiscriminately store telecommunication data- is unconstitutional.
They are also asking the competent European institutions to take note of the
irreconcilable conflict between the telecommunication data retention and the
human right to privacy and to act accordingly to respect the principles
in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
The text is meant to remind, support and respect the decision of the
Romanian Constitutional Court and not to put an EU Member State in a
position that will breach its constitutional texts: "The decision stipulates
that keeping all traffic data for all Romanian citizens is a measure that
breaches human rights, as foreseen by the Romanian Constitution. Thus 'the
legal obligation with a continuous character, generally applicable, of data
retention (...) harms in an unacceptable way the exercise of the right to
privacy or the freedom of expression.'"
Telecommunication data retention must be stopped in Europe (26.01.2011)
Decision of the Romanian Constitutional Court (8.10.2009)
EDRi-gram: Data Retention Directive evaluation: expect the unexpected?
6. Spain: Right to be forgotten and Google
The Spanish data protection authority (AEPD) has recently been focusing on a
privacy-related campaign against major Internet intermediaries, accusing
them to "have crossed the red line" in regard to protection of personal data
on the Internet. Facebook, Google or Myspace are under scrutiny for their
privacy policies and how they are respected.
On 17 January 2010, AEPD accused Google of invading personal privacy of
users, arguing the company was in breach of the "right to be forgotten", the
Spanish law allowing people to control information about them. The Spanish
Authority ordered the search engine company to remove links to more than 100
Spanish online articles and to delete links to websites that contained out
of date or inaccurate information about a specific individual that
complained to the AEPD.
Google argues that deleting results "would be a form of censorship",
that the company, as an intermediary, is not liable for the content of the
materials it links to. Moreover deleting content is not the role of search
engines but of publishers.
"We are disappointed by the actions of the Spanish privacy regulator.
Spanish and European law rightly hold the publisher of the material
responsible for its content. Requiring intermediaries like search engines to
censor material published by others would have a profound, chilling effect
on free expression without protecting people's privacy," stated Peter
Barron, Google's director of external relations for Europe.
But even if Google loses the case, the articles blocked by the search engine
will still be available on the websites of the newspapers and journals that
published the respective articles. However, Google will have to delete
information about the concerned individuals from its Spanish site and
respond to another 88 cases also brought to the Spanish regulator.
The case is closely followed by the European Union because its outcomes may
have implications outside Spain, having in view that EU has already
announced looking at how the application of the right to be forgotten is
implemented in the online world. "Internet users must have effective control
of what they put online and be able to correct, withdraw or delete it at
will. What happens if you want to permanently delete your profile on a
social networking site? Can this be done easily? The right to be forgotten
is essential in today's digital world." said Viviane Reding, European
Commission's Vice-president, in a statement made in November 2010.
Building Trust in Europe's Online Single Market Speech at the American
Chamber of Commerce to the EU Brussels - Viviane Reding speech (22.06.2010)
Google fights Spanish privacy order in court (20.01.2011)
Google fights Spanish court order over libel (17.01.2011)
AEPD Director warns that the large Internet company has crossed "several red
lines" of the respect to privacy (only in Spanish, 12.2010)
Google search engine, ripe for judgment (only in Spanish, 22.01.2011)
7. Sarkozy wants a "civilised" Internet
With France at the Presidency of the G20 group in 2011, Nicolas Sarkozy has
recently announced the intention to convene a G20 meeting to discuss
Internet and copyright issues, before the full G20 summit of heads of state
and government in Cannes in November.
The French President has had the same discourse for some time now, having
pushed the idea of a "civilised" Internet on various occasions since the
signature in November 2007 of the so-called "Olivennes agreement", which
established the Hadopi authority.
The subject of a "civilised" Internet will also be discussed during the G8
meeting that will take place in Deauville, France, on 26 and 27 May 2011.
"We will table a central question, that of a civilised Internet (....).We
cannot consume as never before images, music, authors, creation, and not
ensure the property rights for the person who put all the emotion, talent
and creativity (...). The day we no longer remunerate the creation, we will
kill the creation" said Sarkozy.
In the French government's opinion, expressed by Deputy Muriel
Marland-Militello, France is the "world's pioneer of the civilised
Internet", thanks to Hadopi.
A pioneer who obstinately continues its efforts to promote its repressive
three-strikes system with every occasion. In October 2010, an international
conference on online freedom of expression was supposed to be organised by
French minister of Foreign Affairs Bernard Kouchner.  A letter sent by
Nicolas Sarkozy to Houchner shows that Sarkozy was trying to take the
opportunity of the conference to promote Hadopi law establishing the
three-strikes system.
In Sarkozy's opinion, the conference provided "the opportunity to promote
the balanced regulatory initiatives carried on by France during these past
three years, and in particular the HADOPI law in the field of copyright."
In the meantime, Hadopi presented on 23 January 2011, on the
occasion of MIDEM 2011 (Marchi International du Disque et de l'Edition
Musicale - International Market of the Record and Musical Edition) the
results of its first study, performed between 25 October and 4 November
2010, on Internet usage in France.
The study revealed that half of the French Internet users engage in alleged
illegal downloads. A rather unpleasant finding for Hadopi is that 29 % of
the "pirates" admit to having started downloading during the last 6 months,
meaning after the introduction of Hadopi law and the issuing of the first
warnings by the authority. Moreover 50% of the "pirates" stated they did not
intend to change their habits, irrespective of the authority's actions.
The study has also revealed that the persons who illegally download
cultural goods are also the ones that spend more on culture than others who
do not. The main obstacle to legal consumption of digital cultural goods is
the price for 37% of users, while for 21% of them the reason is a lack of
offer diversity, and only 13% state they are more used to "illegal
The findings of the report are not quite in favour of Hadopi and only prove
the inefficiency of the system.
Sarkozy wants a G20 of the copyright for a "civilised Internet" (only in
French, 19.01.2011)
Sarkozy Exports Repressive Internet (21.10.2010)
Hadopi presents its study: 50 % of the pirates don't want to change (only in
French, 24.01.2011)
Hadopi, Cultural goods and Internet use: the French users' practices and
perceptions (only in French, 23.01.2011)
8. ENDitorial: EDRi publishes study on self-regulation and censorship
European Digital Rights has published a study on the scale of measures being
undertaken to outsource policing activities to private companies in the
Internet environment and its significance for fundamental rights,
transparency and openness on the Internet.
Internet intermediaries around the world are taking on more important roles
in their states' efforts to address the dissemination of illegal online
content and this trend is likely to become stronger as we move into a new
environment of "extra-judicial sanctions" against consumers. With some
notable exceptions, these activities are being forced onto Internet
intermediaries rather than being demanded by them.
The study found that the term "self-regulation" is being inappropriately
used to describe what is not self-regulation at all, but the monitoring,
policing and even punishing of alleged illegal activities of citizens.
Proposed legislation and "non-binding guidelines" are forcing intermediaries
into a position in which they can no longer avail themselves of legal
protections - where they are obliged, in effect, to police private online
communications, often in blatant disregard of legal safeguards and even to
impose sanctions for alleged infringements.
Should Internet intermediaries become privatised enforcement systems? The
measures recently taken by Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and EveryDNS against
WikiLeaks are a case in point. Even without WikiLeaks being charged with any
particular crime, private companies have acted unilaterally against it.
The devolved enforcement initiatives documented in the report aim to
persuade industry to engage in a vigilante system of monitoring and
sanctioning; the report catalogues current international proposals, which
- a series of ongoing "public-private dialogues" organised by the
European Commission to encourage hosting providers to engage in
extra-judicial rulings of illegality;
- a 2010 European Commission funding proposal incentivising
companies to engage in "self-regulatory" Internet blocking of allegedly
illegal online material;
- discussions launched by the Council of Europe's Assembly in 2010
whose intention appears to be to increase the legal obligations of
intermediaries, despite the fact that this would be "contrary both to the
letter and the spirit of the 2003 Declaration on freedom of communication on
the Internet";
- 2010 OECD discussions, which aim to increase the responsibility of
Internet intermediaries in advancing "public policy objectives";
- the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) that contains provisions
that would encourage or coerce ISPs into policing their
networks and enforcing extra-judicial sanctions, where they deem it to be
- an OSCE consultation in 2010, the aim of which was to explore ways
to enable ISPs to "'regulate' online legal or illegal 'hate speech'"';
- EU/India and EU/Korea bilateral free trade agreements that would change
the EU acquis on intermediary liability.
The encouragement of extra-legal measures to limit access to information,
proactive policing of the Internet and the exclusion of law enforcement
authorities in investigating serious crimes are factors that contribute to
the weakening of the rule of law and democracy. Indeed, by taking
responsibility away from legal authorities, such measures can result in
serious crime, such as the publication of child abuse material online, being
addressed by industry through cosmetic measures (such as blocking) rather
than proper investigation and prosecution.
While these appear to be regressive steps away from freedom, the study
found, for instance, that the European Commission appears far from perturbed
by the dangers for fundamental rights of this approach and appears keen to
export the approach. This process is gradually strangling the openness that
is at the core of the Internet. This openness has enhanced democracy, has
shaken dictatorships and has boosted economies worldwide. This openness is
what we will lose through privatised policing of the Internet by private
companies - what will we gain?
EDRi report: The slide from "self-regulation" to corporate censorship
Text of the press releas also available in:
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Action
Opinion of European Academics on ACTA
Open for signatures until 7 February 2011
10. Recommended Reading
ACTA Blog: Certainly, the professors should know the difference between
'shall' and 'may' (25.01.2011)
ENISA: Review of the current situation in the implementation of data breach
notifications requirement, set up by the Article 4 of the reviewed ePrivacy
Directive (14.01.2011)
Statewatch analysis: Six months on: An update on the UK coalition
government's commitment to civil liberties (21.01.2011)
The Commission is publishing the statistics and the responses to the on-line
public consultation on the PSI Directive. The full analysis of the
responses will be published in the form of a report in the coming weeks.
11. Agenda
25-28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
The annual Conference Computers, Privacy & Data Protection CPDP 2011
European Data Protection: In Good Health?
26 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
Cultural Diversity and Europe 2020: Nuisance or necessity?
28 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
Joint High Level meeting on Data Protection: "Data protection (30 years
later): from European to international standards?"
31 January 2011, Brussels, Belgium
Public Workshop on indicators for the independence and efficient functioning
of AVMS regulatory bodies
23-28 February 2011, Gosier, Guadeloupe, France
ICDS 2011- 5th International Conference on Digital Society
24-25 February 2011, Berlin, Germany
The First OAPEN Conference
11-12 March 2011, Ankara, Turkey
ICEGEG-2011- 3rd International Conference on E-Government and E-Governance
28 March 2011, Paris, France
5th European eAccessbility Forum: Benefits and costs of e-accessibility
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
Abstract submission: 18 February 2011
12. About
EDRI-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRI has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRI-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRI website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-07-27 18:21:15
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.15, 27 July 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.15, 27 July 2011
1. Draft Council conclusions on Net Neutrality
2. EU countries to explain lack of implementation of the Telecoms Package
3. Germany's salaries database bites the dust
4. Slovakia: Court asks website to filter public procurement open data
5. Voluntary agreements on blocking are interfering with human rights
6. Belgium: Francophone press goes out and back in Google Search
7. Britain: Government reneges on DNA privacy promise
8. ENDitorial: Phone hacking and self regulation
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. Draft Council conclusions on Net Neutrality
On 15 July 2011, the Council (of the EU Member States) published Draft
"Conclusions" (a policy statement) on Net Neutrality. In the document, the
Council underlined the need to preserve the open and neutral character of
the Internet and established net neutrality as "a policy objective."
While this seems - and is - positive at first reading, the document also
refers to "affordable and secure high bandwidth communications and rich and
diverse content and services" as "an important policy objective" -
apparently establishing net neutrality as a somewhat secondary priority. In
summary, therefore, the Council indicates its willingness to embrace the
concept of "net neutrality" in further regulatory activities without being
entirely clear on what status this "policy objective" has in the hierarchy
of its communications policy.
Nonetheless, the importance of net neutrality for the economy is spelled out
in some detail, with the document pointing to the fundamental role of
telecommunications and broadband development for investment, job creation
and economic recovery. The document points to "the need to maintain the
openness of Internet while ensuring that it can continue to provide
high-quality services in a framework that promotes and respects fundamental
rights such as freedom of expression and freedom to conduct business."
This appears to diverge very positively from more extremist and populist
views expressed recently about "civilising" the Internet and, in the US
environment, experimenting with the fundamental building blocks of the
Internet in order to protect the perceived needs of a narrow range of
stakeholders. The draft Conclusions take a further step away from this
approach when it refers to "the importance of ensuring that users can
create, distribute and access content and services of their choice," moving
away from the implicit support for policing of content by Internet
intermediaries in the OECD Communiqui on Principles for Internet
Policy-Making which made repeated references to the right to access
"legitimate" content and "legitimate" sharing of information.
The biggest challenge facing the Council when seeking to defend this
positive approach is the range of demands for Internet intermediaries to
interfere with traffic to protect narrow vested interests such as
intellectual property owners and the willingness of certain intermediaries
to "voluntarily" engage in such interferences as an underhand means of
"normalising" interferences by access providers in citizens' communications.
It will be increasingly difficult for Member States (as indeed it is already
beginning to be the case for the European Commission) to demand  that
Internet intermediaries meddle with citizens' communications for the
perceived benefit of certain vested interests and, simultaneously, demand
that the same intermediaries not meddle with citizens' communications for
their own business interests.
Draft Council conclusions on Net Neutrality (15.07.2011)
Consolidated EU telecoms regulatory framework (12.2009)
OECD Communiqui on Principles for Internet Policy-Making (28-29.06.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee and Daniel Dimov - EDRi)
2. EU countries to explain lack of implementation of the Telecoms Package
The European Commission has sent letters of formal notice requesting
information from 20 EU countries regarding the reasons why they have not yet
fully implemented the EU Telecoms Package.
The EU member states were supposed to produce national legislation that
would implement, by 25 May 2011, the EU Telecoms Package, adopted late 2009,
but only seven states have fully complied until now.
The Telecoms Package includes amendments to the EU's Privacy and
Electronic Communications Directive providing a new requirement for website
owners to obtain consent from users to track their online behaviour through
According to the EU Directive, storing and accessing information on users'
computers was lawful provided "the subscriber or user concerned has given
his or her consent, having been provided with clear and comprehensive
information about the purposes of the processing".
The 20 member states have begun the process of drawing up new laws and some
have even implemented some of the new telecoms laws requirements but not the
entire Telecoms Package. In June, EU Commissioner Neelie Kroes warned the
member states that the Commission would use its "full powers" against those
countries that would not comply with the Directive.
Yet, Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS), stated
that the Commission has not offered consistent guidance on how the EU states
should comply with the new legislation. Hustinx also criticised Kroes for
supporting self-regulatory methods undertaken by the online advertising
industry and for her support for the US "do not track" measures allowing
users to request websites not to monitor their activity, as the system
relies on websites reacting to the users' requests.
The formal letter sent by the Commission to the 20 countries represent a
first legal stage in the identification of infringements from countries that
have not enacted EU laws and could be referred to the European courts.
The 20 state members are supposed to reply to the letters within two months.
"If they fail to reply or if it is not satisfied with the answer, the
Commission can send the member states concerned a formal request to
implement the legislation, and ultimately refer them to the European Court
of Justice (ECJ)," the Commission said.
The ECJ can order EU member countries to implement EU Directives and fine
them if they do not.
European Commission begins legal action against countries that have still to
implement telecoms laws (20.07.2011)
Digital Agenda: Commission starts legal action against 20 Member States on
late implementation of telecoms rules (19.07.2011)
3. Germany's salaries database bites the dust
The German government announced, in a press release on 18 July 2011,
that it was going to abandon its central database and registration
procedure for salaries, ELENA ("Elektronischer Entgeltnachweis"/
"electronic salary record"), as soon as possible.
With this decision, German civil rights group and EDRi-member FoeBuD can
celebrate the successful outcome of a complaint they had handed in at
Germany's Federal Constitutional Court even before the court came to
consider its ruling. The complaint has been signed by more than 22 000
petitioners. In FoeBuD's analysis, the government finally had to pull the
plug on this ill-fated project after more than a year of procrastination.
A joint press statement by the Federal Ministries of Economics and of
Labour points to an insufficient uptake of the "qualified electronic
signature" as the reason to abandon the project. FoeBuD and their
lawyers call it regrettable that technical issues were highlighted and
no mention was made of the doubtful constitutional legality of the
procedure, which required all employers to transmit data on all salaries
to a central database operated by Germany's state pension insurance.
More than 400 million records of employee salaries have already been
collected, although most of this data was not even required for the
intended electronic records.
The press release gives reason to suspect that the government has by no
means given up on their idea to establish an electronic register of
employee data. As the statement says, "the Federal Ministry for Labour
and Social Affairs will formulate a concept on how the infrastructure
and know-how established through ELENA can be used for a simpler and
less bureaucratic procedure to record social security data."
As the intention to collect all German citizens' sensitive data in
central databases lingers on, there is reason to stay alert after the
current success regarding ELENA. FoeBuD will continue to monitor future
developments to guard against a replacement for this disproportionate
procedure being introduced through the back door.
Press statement by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology and
the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs (only in German,
In-depth response by one of the lawyers in FoeBuD's Constitutional
Complaint, Meinhard Starostik (only in German, 19.07.2011)
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken, EDRi member FoeBuD / redacted
translation of FoeBuD's German press release)
4. Slovakia: Court asks website to filter public procurement open data
Fair-Play Alliance (AFP), a Slovak non-governmental organization operating
znasichdani.sk site, was required by a Bratislava District Court to take
down from the website information related to certain public procurement
The website was created in March 2011 in order to provide "a tool that would
enable journalists and watchdogs to cross-check information about companies
successful in public procurements with influential persons in these
The basic idea was to connect the information on the Public Procurement
bulletin with that in the database of Business register of the Slovak
republic "in a way that would match persons with the names of companies in
which these persons are or once were active, and with financial volume of
the companies' state contracts," stated Eva Vozarova from AFP.
Recently, the District Court of Bratislava II has issued a preliminary
injunction, ordering Fair-Play Alliance to withdraw from the website any
information related to a particular private individual, the statutory
representative of the large construction company Strabag which had won good
contracts paid with public money.  The decision of the court is that AFP
must remove the financial totals of public procurement orders won by
Strabag, and all other companies in which this person was involved. This
preliminary ruling had no detailed explanation on why this was necessary.
AFP considers the decision of the court inappropriate, unconstitutional and
threatens the right to freedom of speech. Moreover, the website only puts
together already publicly available data. It contains a register of people
known to be behind companies that have benefited from state orders. When
searching for a particular person, the site lists the companies to which the
name of the respective person is or was related to and the state orders
those companies have won, as well as the amounts received from public funds.
The court's decision is also unclear as, normally, it should instruct on how
to perform the action required. AFP was supposed to refrain from
publishing the persons' name, surname and title from the website
znasichdani.sk which could directly connect the claimant's person with
the financial value gained from public procurement. The site however makes
no connections of financial values to the claimant's name but only filters
information showing the results side by side. The total of occurrences of
the claimant's name can hardly be technically erased without compromising
the rest of the service.
"The alliance has done nothing else but make possible simultaneous searches
in two publicly accessible databases," stated lawyer Vladimmr Sarnik who
added that the preliminary decision of the court contains both formal and
factual mistakes.
The court decision was issued even before the plaintiff had submitted her
complaint (as the Slovak legal system makes this possible), which could lead
to a paradoxical situation when the preliminary decision may remain in place
for an indefinite period without a formal complaint being submitted.
Ironically, a few days ahead, on 17 June 2011, the Znasichdani.sk site was
awarded first prize at Open Data Challenge, a European competition sponsored
by the Open Knowledge Foundation and backed by the European Commission.
AFP has immediately appealed the court's preliminary decision.
Court orders removal of public procurement data (4.07.2011)
Why censoring Slovak spending app means bad news for open data (18.07.2011)
Fair-play Watchdog Angered by Court ruling (29.06.2011)
5. Voluntary agreements on blocking are interfering with human rights
Following the agreement of the EU institutions on a web blocking compromise
text which fails to adequately address the lawless blocking which is
undertaken in several EU countries, a careful reading of recent research on
the legality of this approach is called for.
Last month, Professor Yaman Akdeniz (Istanbul Bilgi University, Turkey)
prepared a report on Freedom of Expression on the Internet for the
Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The report
contained an investigation on legal provisions and practices related to
freedom of expression, the free flow of information and media pluralism on
the Internet in OSCE participating States.
In his study, Professor Yaman Akdeniz observed that blocking measures in the
OSCE region are not always provided for by law nor were they always subject
to due process principles. In particular, he noted that blocking decisions
were not necessarily taken by the courts of law, but by administrative
bodies or Internet hotlines run by the private sector. They decided which
content, website or platform should be blocked. In many cases, such
"voluntary" blocking procedures lacked transparency and accountability. In
addition, the appeal in such procedures were either not in place or, where
they were in place, they were often not efficient. That is why the
compatibility of blocking with the fundamental right of freedom of
expression must be questioned.
In particular, in the absence of a legal basis for blocking access to online
content, the compatibility of "voluntary" blocking agreements and systems
with OSCE commitments, Article 19 of the Universal Declaration and Article
10 of the European Convention on Human Rights was problematic. Also, such a
"voluntary interference" might be contradictory to the conclusions of the
Final Document of the Moscow Meeting of the Conference on the Human
Dimension of the CSCE.
With regard to the compatibility of blocking with the fundamental right of
freedom of expression, Professor Akdeniz also pointed out that both the
1994 Budapest OSCE Summit Document and the European Court of Human Rights
reiterated the importance of freedom of expression as one of the
preconditions for a functioning democracy. In Budapest, "(t)he participating
States reaffirm(ed) that freedom of expression is a fundamental human right
and a basic component of a democratic society. In this respect, independent
and pluralistic media were essential to a free and open society and
accountable systems of government." According to Akdeniz, an "effective"
exercise of this freedom does not depend merely on the state's duty not to
interfere, but might require positive measures to protect this fundamental
freedom. Consequently, a blocking system relying exclusively on
self-regulation or "voluntary agreements" could be in a non-legitimate
interference with fundamental rights.
Yaman A.: Report on Freedom of Expression on the Internet
The Final Document of the Moscow Meeting of the Conference on the Human
Dimension of the CSCE
1994 Budapest OSCE Summit Document
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights
The European Convention on Human Rights
EDRi-gram: OSCE: Access to the Internet should be a human right (13.07.2011)
(Contribution by Daniel Dimov - EDRi)
6. Belgium: Francophone press goes out and back in Google Search
As a result of Google's conflict with Copiepresse, the search engine
announced on 15 July 2011 that it would not index titles from the Belgium
francophone press.
Google stated that in doing so, it only complied with the decision of the
Appeal Court of 5 May 2011 that backed a court decision of February 2011
forbidding Google to publish Belgium press articles on Google News and
Google Search, with a fine reaching 25 000 euro in case of non-compliance.
Google's reaction looked like a punishment that would put some pressure on
Belgium's francophone press as the measure actually went beyond the
court's decision which only asked for the removal of Copiepresse articles
and not their complete erasing from the search engine.
The measure was however successful. "We would be happy to re-include
Copiepresse if they would indicate their desire to appear in Google Search
and waive the potential penalties," said Google spokesman William Echikson.
Which, Copiepress did on 18 July 2011.
Le Soir and La Libre Belgique stated on their sites that an agreement had
been reached with Google that would re-index the excluded sites. "It is
necessary to distinguish the Google search engine from the Google news
service," said an article on La Libre website adding: "The news editors do
not oppose having their content referenced by the Google search engine, they
refuse on the other hand for their informational content to be included in
Google News."
Google censures the Francophone press (only in French, 15.07.2011)
Google re-indexes the Belgium press on its engine (up-date) (only in French,
Google will re-index the francophone press (only in French, 18.07.2011)
EDRi-gram: Google found guilty in Belgium for newspapers' copyright
infringement (18.05.2011)
7. Britain: Government reneges on DNA privacy promise
In Britain, the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government has
announced that it will not delete the DNA records of suspects who were
arrested but subsequently acquitted or never charged. It had promised
to delete them following the Marper judgement, where the European
Court of Human Rights found it was unlawful to keep the DNA of
acquitted people indefinitely; this promise was enshrined in the
Coalition Agreement that set up the Government after the indecisive
2010 election.
But the Government now says it will rely on "anonymisation". The DNA records
of innocent people will be retained by the forensic service without the
suspect's names and addresses. When a match is found with crime-scene DNA in
the future, the innocent former suspect can be identified by matching the
sample bar code with the records of the police force that arrested him last
time. The Government may argue that this complies with UK data protection
law, which is a defective implementation of the Data Protection Directive.
However it fails to satisfy European and human-rights law.
The announcement was made quietly on Monday, 25 July 2011, while the press's
focus was on the killings in Norway.
Innocent people's DNA profiles won't be deleted after all, minister admits
Database State (2009)
(Contribution by Ross Anderson - EDRi-member FIPR - UK)
8. ENDitorial: Phone hacking and self regulation
The self-regulatory authority for the British press, the Press Complaints
Commission (PCC), has itself become one of the victims of the "phone
hacking" scandal, as self-regulation failed to not alone prevent but even
identify problems now believed to be endemic among UK newspapers.
Phone hacking - guessing or brute-force attacking voicemail accounts to
access messages - is a criminal offence in the UK. Cases at the News of the
World (NoW) were prosecuted under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act
(RIPA), and could also be offences under the Computers Misuse Act. In 2007,
private investigator Glen Mulcaire and NoW royal editor Clive Goodman were
convicted and imprisoned for RIPA interception offences. Thus to date, the
prosecutions have focused on reporters and investigators, rather than their
employers at News International.
In May 2007, the PCC found that there was no evidence of widespread phone
hacking at News of the World. Since that date, further allegations,
investigations by Parliamentary committees and threats of private legal
action have put pressure on the police to re-open the investigations.
Allegations of the excessively close relationships between the police and
News International and NoW, including possible payments, have meant that
senior police officials at the Metropolitan (London) Police have now
One question that needs to be addressed is the extent to which "self
regulation" has failed in this arena. With strong motivations from their
members not to look at the behaviour of those same being regulated, the PCC
might well be expected to fail. But this wasn't obvious when the PCC was set
The reasoning behind press self-regulation was at least more principled than
that behind Internet "self regulation". The press, it was argued, needs to
be strong and free. The methodology is also more coherent - it is, to a
large extent, "self-"regulation, unlike much Internet "self-regulation",
which is actually regulation of content or consumers by the Internet
industry. Thus it was thought better for the press to impose their own
rules, rather than relying on legislation and politicians, who have an
inbuilt desire to control and limit their activities. Yet, it has
comprehensively failed. A combination of high pressure for more sales in a
declining market, an unsafe technology and malleable or inattentive
enforcement let citizens' interests be ignored.
As it is often stated, but rarely politically accepted, once privacy is
stripped away, the ability of those threatened with privacy abuses to speak
out is vastly reduced. Thus, it was those who had already suffered exposure
by the News of the World who had to be brave enough to speak out. The UK's
political leadership was frequently too frightened to comment.
We may well ask why, if the PCC cannot balance the public interest, free
speech, privacy and business interests, the behavioural advertisers and
Internet Service Providers should be expected to do a better job. Purely
pragmatically, self-regulation may be expected to work where the interests
of end users are well-aligned with those doing the regulation: but where
those are strongly divergent, they are unlikely to. Unfortunately, as the
PCC has shown, the balance of interests can quickly shift with technology.
Thus we are left to conclude that, in the absence of procedures and
structures that are fit to cope with such shifts, legal protections and
official regulators are in fact the more important part of public
A second lesson just how politicians completely misunderstand the
complexities of industry "self-regulation." If the PCC could fail so badly
in the comparatively straightforward task of regulating its own industry,
why on earth can politicians feel that they can speak so blithely and
simplistically about private internet intermediaries "self-"regulating the
key democratic fundamental rights of our society - privacy and freedom of
Phone Hacking articles at The Guardian
News of the World phone hacking scandal investigations
The UK phone hacking scandal: there's worse to come - much worse
The Government still wants to hack your phone (14.07.2011)
(Contribution by Jim Killock - EDRi-member Open Rights Group - UK)
9. Recommended Action
Public consultation on personal data breach notifications under ePrivacy
Directive. Deadline: 9 September 2011
EU - Open access to scientific information - Commission seeks views
A public consultation on access to, and preservation of, digital
scientific information has been launched by the European Commission.
Deadline: 9 September 2011
10. Recommended Reading
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party - Opinion on Consent (14.07.2011)
86 cents for one year without blanket telecommunications data retention
11. Agenda
10-14 August 2011, Finowfurt near Berlin, Germany
Chaos Communication Camp 2011
25-27 August 2011, Washington DC, USA
Global Congress on Public Interest Intellectual Property Law
7 September 2011, Berlin, Germany
Balancing the interests in the context of data retention
Registration by 15 August 2011
10-17 September 2011
Freedom Not Fear - International Action Week
16-18 September 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Creative Commons Global Summit 2011
27-30 September 2011, Nairobi, Kenya
Sixth Annual IGF Meeting: Internet as a catalyst for change: access,
development, freedoms and innovation
11 October 2011, Brussels, Belgium
ePractice Workshop: Addressing evolving needs for cross-border eGovernment
13-14 October 2011, Lisbon, Portugal
2nd International Graduate Conference in Communication and Culture: The
Culture of Remix
20-21 October 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Open Govrenment Data Camp
27-30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
9 November 2011, Bucharest, Romania
Inet Conference: Access, Trust and Freedom: Coordinates for future Internet
11-13 November 2011, Gothenburg, Sweden
FSCONS is the Nordic countries' largest gathering for free culture, free
software and a free society.
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2011-06-01 23:36:41
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.11, 1 June 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.11, 1 June 2011
1. Battle over Passenger Data is heating up
2. UN report examines online censorship
3. European IP policy is crippling the European digital economy
4. G8 and e-G8 Summit on Internet freedom
5. EDPS: Data Retention Directive fails to meet data protection requirements
6. Finland: Blocking of domestic websites ruled illegal
7. Internet FoE: How should Europe battle online censorship?
8. MEPs approve body scanners on airports on a voluntarily basis
9. OSCE findings on Estonian e-voting
10. Internet governance dialogue in Belgrade 2011
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Battle over Passenger Data is heating up
In late May 2011, the new draft agreements on the transfer and retention of
air passenger data between the EU and the United States and Australia
respectively have leaked to the public. The re-negotiation of the
agreements from 2007, which have since then been provisionally applied,
had become necessary after the European Parliament refused to vote on
them in May 2010.
The new agreements do not substantially improve the situation with
regards to the old ones. They both require that data of air passengers
is transferred to public authorities (DHS in the US, Customs and Border
Protection in Australia) ahead of a flight; they allow for profiling,
i.e. the use of data for sorting assengers into risk categories based on
pre-defined and secret criteria without an initial suspicion or criminal
lead; and they allow for retention of the data up to 5.5 (Australia) and
15 (US) years. There are also provisions for onward transfer of the data
to third agencies and countries.
The agreement with the US met heavy criticism both among EU member
states as well as among Members of the European Parliament, and provoked
an emergency reaction from the UK Justice secretary as well as the US
ambassador to the EU. At the moment, there are talks with the negotiator
(DG Home Affairs of the European Commission) to re-open the text, though
improvements have been made very unlikely by a recent resolution of the
US Senate that rejects European privacy demands.
The agreement with Australia is less prominent, but still highly
relevant. There is a small blocking minority in the Council, consisting
of Germany, France, Belgium, Czech Republic, Ireland, Austria and
Portugal, that is mainly concerned about the provisions on transfer to
third countries, and sometimes about the retention periods (Germany,
France). The Commission is not willing to re-negotiate, though. The
Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers on 9th/10th June might
overcome the blocking minority and the parliamentary reservations from
some countries, and adopt the agreement. At the moment, a veto in the
European Parliament is unlikely. In the worst case, the Australia
agreement may be concluded before the summer break and open the
floodgates for other such agreements, and for the first time accepting
profiling and preventive policing.
Privacy activists from EDRi members Mensenrechten.be, Digitale
Gesellschaft and FoeBuD, as well as from EDRi observer AK Vorrat and
other groups, met in Brussels from 27th to 30th May to do a legal,
technical and political analysis, coordinate their short-term work and
plan for long-term collaboration with others. A mailing list will be set
up shortly.
Comprehensive PNR Wiki by AK Vorrat
EDRi: Commission plans to present flawed, illegal PNR proposal as
"fait accompli" (23.05.2011)
EC COM(2011) 280 final - Proposal for a Council Decision on the
signature of the Agreement between the European Union and Australia on
the processing and transfer of Passenger Name Record (PNR) data by air
carriers to the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service
EU Council Document 10453/11 - Draft Agreement between the United States
of America and the European Union on the use and transfer of Passenger
Name Record data to the United States Department of Homeland Security
The Guardian: US to store passenger data for 15 years (25.05.2011)
2. UN report examines online censorship
The right to seek, receive and impart information, and the right to express
oneself freely - rights which enable the exercise of a range of other human
rights - are increasingly being limited by impediments in online
communications, according to a report by the United Nations Special
Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of
opinion and expression, Frank La Rue.
EDRi took part in an expert group that supported the Special Rapportur's
preparation of the report, which looks at prevailing tendencies in global
online freedoms. It will be submitted to the UN Human Rights Council this
The report draws attention to mounting evidence that international
Internet-related policy and domestic regulations are failing to recognise
and respond appropriately to the changing makeup of public space in which
free speech is exercised. It reminds governments of their positive
obligation to protect these rights in a digital environment, denouncing the
surge in measures criminalising legitimate online expression. Some of the
findings include inadequate data protection and a "worrying trend of States
obliging or pressuring private actors to hand over information of their
It also reminds members of the international community that the States'
responsibility to protect the rights of users also entails a duty to
investigate and prosecute the perpetrators of cyber-attacks directed at the
websites of organizations and individuals documenting government abuses.
Expressing "deep concern" about the growing number of laws that are enabling
monitoring, filtering and control of online content, the Special Rapporteur
concludes that these are often largely out of synch with their purported
aims. Increasingly sophisticated means of blocking content deemed to be
illegal are being introduced and implemented without the involvement of an
impartial regulatory body or a court order. Appropriate safeguards against
abuse and the means to challenge unwarranted interference were also often
found to be absent. This situation may result in the censorship of a
considerable amount of legal online material.
The report also raises a number of important issues concerning intermediary
liability, identifying some of the serious implications of offering the
private sector "unprecedented influence over individuals' right to freedom
of expression and access to information."
"Holding intermediaries liable for the content disseminated or created by
their users severely undermines the enjoyment of the right to freedom of
opinion and expression, because it leads to self-protective and over-broad
private censorship, often without transparency and the due process of law."
While praising legislative measures such as those introduced in Chile and
soon to be adopted in Brazil which clarify the legal position of
intermediaries, and welcoming provisions which limit their liability (as in
the case of "safe harbour" provisions in the US and E-Commerce Directive
guarantees in the EU), the Rapporteur admonishes attempts to pressure third
parties into complying with special interests, expressing "alarm" at
proposals to disconnect users based on accusations of violations of
intellectual property or other rights. These include efforts to penalize
alleged offenders by suspending their Internet services through laws based
on the idea of "three strikes" or "gradual response" - laws which are
currently in force in France.
The report concludes with recommendations, the majority of which are
directed at governments, calling for intensified efforts to ensure that
international human rights obligations are being met. It also addresses
commercial actors with a warning to be consistent with their
responsibilities, urging them to "continuously review the impact of their
services and technologies on the right to freedom of expression of their
It is not at all clear how the struggle to maintain Net neutrality will
unfold, but the potential for creeping restrictions which protect business
and State interests rather than those of citizens, and the weighty
implications of this trend are becoming increasingly obvious. The
preservation of open and free "virtual public spaces" will ultimately depend
on the extent to which its beneficiaries are prepared to involve themselves
in a much more vigorous debate about the way that Internet governance will
be shaped.
UN Report
3. European IP policy is crippling the European digital economy
European policy makers are strangling the digital economy, hurting consumers
and putting Europeans' fundamental rights at risk, according to a report
into the failures of IP policy making in Europe, published by EDRi on
24.05.2011. The report sets out how the EU has been making policy "blind",
building its strategies on faith not fact and ignoring objective, robust
The report sets out a series of proposals that would add up to a radical
change of direction for EU IP policy. Following them would see Europe
maximise the value that society can get from works covered by intellectual
property at the same time as sustaining flourishing creative industries. The
result would be a boost to the EU economy, an improved environment for
creators, innovators and consumers, and a safeguarding of fundamental rights
of European citizens.
The report recommends that the EU:
- Harmonise exceptions to copyright to create legal certainty across the
EU about the permitted uses of works covered by IP;
- Establishes pan-European licensing arrangements as a matter of priority,
and tie future enforcement policy to the successful development of such
- Abandons repressive enforcement measures that would materially damage
people's fundamental rights;
- Establishes a moratorium on the exporting of repressive IP enforcement
to third countries;
- Makes a firm commitment to robust, objective evidence and
re-evaluation of policy on the basis of it.
IPRs play an important role incentivising and rewarding creativity and
innovation. But the report argues that these benefits are now being
outweighed by IPRs' damaging effects on the creation and dissemination of
culture and technological innovation, and on fundamental rights such as
privacy and freedom of expression.
EDRi advocacy coordinator Joe McNamee said: "Policy makers face a choice.
They can enable a radical expansion of society's ability to access the
world's trove of information, culture and knowledge. Or they can
unnecessarily prevent a wide range of valuable activities from taking place
and, for no sound reason, pursue repressive enforcement measures that
cripple the democratising potential of new technology. Currently the EU is
choosing the latter. This report argues forcefully for a change of track to
embrace new technology and the best of what it offers."
EDRi Report
4. G8 and e-G8 Summit on Internet freedom
The results of the 37th edition of the G8 Forum that took place in
Deauville, France on 26-27 May 2011 and of the e-G8 meeting on Internet
issues organised by the French Presidency immediately before, are sending a
mixed message, on the one hand recognizing the "openness, transparency and
freedom of the Internet" and on the other hand announcing the "commitment to
ensuring effective action against violations of intellectual property rights
in the digital arena, including action that addresses present and future
The civil society, represented by a large number of groups and associations,
including EDRi, sent a statement, before the e-G8 and G8 meetings, urging
the G8 Member States to "publicly commit to expanding internet
access for all, combating digital censorship and surveillance, limiting
online intermediary liability, and upholding principles of net  neutrality.
Additionally, a petition was launched by digital rights group Access - G8:
Protect the Net! - calling on the leaders of the Group of 8 to commit to
citizen-centred internet policies, which was signed by internet users from
over 100 countries.
The concerns were mostly related to the continuous tendencies of the
governments to limit the freedom of the Internet for political or
economical reasons. "Many G8 countries are actively pursuing policies that
would similarly seek to restrict and control access; (...) the increase of
restrictive policies in both the developed and developing world is a
regressive and deeply worrying trend," reads the statement which also showed
concern related to the lack of representation of the civil society at the
e-G8 and G8 meetings as the invite list was mostly limited to
representatives of governments and corporate leaders.
During the e-G8 forum, which was meant to prepare the issues related to
the Internet for the G8 summit, the civil society representatives such as
Jirimie Zimmermann, co-founder of  La Quadrature du Net, and John Perry
Barlow, co-fonder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and author of the
Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace, also tried to voice these
Access, together with Zimmerman, staged an ad-hoc counter-forum civil
society press conference at the e-G8. Zimmerman led a panel of experts
including Harvard scholars Lawrence Lessig and Jochai Benkler, US journalist
Jeff Jarvis, former board member of ICANN Susan Crawford and
Secretary-general of Reporters without Borders Jean-Francois Julliard, who
collectively expressed their disappointment over the lack of adequate civil
society representation as well as the direction of the discussions. "The
free Internet must be defended before thought is given to regulating
content," said Julliard, "The priority for G8 governments should be
defending the Internet."
The Declaration on "Renewed Commitment for Freedom and Democracy" released
at the end of the G8 summit, includes 19 paragraphs on the Internet and
related issues and confirms to some extent the concerns expressed by the
civil society. The Declaration commits to defending intellectual property
rights rather than human rights such as the freedom of expression:
"Regarding the protection of the intellectual property, especially
copyrights, trade marks, commercial secrets and patents, we recognise we
must establish legislation and national frameworks to improve this aspect.
That is why we reaffirm our commitment to take firm measures against the
violations of the intellectual property rights within the digital space,
especially by procedures enabling the prevention of present and future
The human rights organisation, Article 19, believes the Declaration has
failed to recognise the protection of human rights "as a core principle
above all others", having included it within a framework "to be balanced
with rule of law and protection of intellectual property."
In the groups' opinion, the Declaration ignores several international human
rights treaties, while endorsing restrictions on Internet speech "by
increasing enforcement of intellectual property such as through the
controversial Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) and domestic
"three-strikes laws" which fail to fully recognise - and often violate - the
right to freedom of expression."
Civil Society Statement to the e-G8 and G8
G8 Declaration - Summit of Deauville - May 26-27, 2011
G8-The Deauville Declaration on Internet Fails to Recognise Importance of
Human Rights Including Freedom of Expression (28.05.2011)
eG8 Forum: Speeches by Jirimie Zimmermann & John Perry Barlow (partially
only in French, 24-25.05.2011)
The Counter-forum Civil Society Press Conference, May 25 @ e-G8
Civil Society Petition - G8: Protect the net!
Access Blog: World Rallies to Save the Internet from G8
5. EDPS: Data Retention Directive fails to meet data protection requirements
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) adopted, on 31
May 2011, an opinion on the European Commission's Evaluation Report on the
Data Retention Directive submitted on 18 April 2011 to the Council and the
European Parliament.
The EDPS has several times expressed his concerns related to the necessity
for retaining data on such a large scale in view of the rights to privacy
and data protection and has called for a clear demonstration that such a
measure is necessary and proportionate.
On the basis of the Commissions' Evaluation Report, the EDPS has drawn the
conclusion that the Data Retention Directive does not meet the requirements
set out by the rights to privacy and data protection, primarily because
the necessity for data retention has not been sufficiently demonstrated.
Hustinx also believes that data retention could be regulated in a less
privacy-intrusive way and that the Directive lacks foreseeability.
"Although the Commission has clearly put much effort into collecting
information from the Member States, the quantitative and qualitative
information provided by the Member States is not sufficient to draw a
positive conclusion on the need for data retention as it has been developed
in the Directive. Further investigation of necessity and proportionality is
therefore required, and in particular the examination of alternative, less
privacy-intrusive means" says the EDPS.
Also, in Hustinx's opinion, the present Directive leaves too much room for
Member States to decide on the purposes for which the data may be used,
on who can access the data and under which conditions.
Therefore, the EDPS calls on the Commission to seriously consider "all
options in the impact assessment including the possibility of repealing the
Directive". An eventual future data retention directive should be considered
only if the necessity of data retention, "supported and regulated by the EU,
could be sufficiently demonstrated, which includes a careful consideration
of alternative measures."
The respective directive should be exhaustive (with a clear and precise
purpose), proportionate (without going beyond what is necessary),
comprehensive and should "genuinely harmonise rules on the obligation to
retain data, as well as on the access and further use of the data by
competent authorities."
EDPS - Press Release (31.05.2011)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the Evaluation report
from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on the Data
Retention Directive (31.05.2011)
EDRi-gram: Top 10 misleading statements of the European Commission on data
retention (20.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: Data retention in EU Council Meeting (18.05.2011)
6. Finland: Blocking of domestic websites ruled illegal
The Helsinki Administrative Court has ruled that domestic websites may not
be placed on the secret blocking blacklist maintained by the police.
This is the latest turn in a long legal fight by Finnish activist Matti
Nikki, whose website lapsiporno.info (translates as "childporn.info") was
put on the secret blacklist in February 2008 and has remained on the list
ever since.
The Finnish blocking blacklist is based on a law passed in 2006 that allows
the police to create and maintain a secret list of websites in order to
prevent access to child pornography on foreign websites. The blacklist is
distributed to Internet service providers (ISPs), who may direct attempts to
access blacklisted sites to a page which says access is blocked due to the
child pornography blocking list. Using the secret blacklist is optional for
ISPs, but the Communications Minister at the time, Suvi Linden, made public
statements in 2008 that if the ISPs did not start using the list
voluntarily, it would be made mandatory. After an initial wave of adoption,
the list has been silently falling into disuse.
Nikki criticized the secret blacklist vocally, and discovered a large part
of the secret list by trying to load websites that he found links to. When
he published the list of websites he had discovered to be blocked, police
accused him of distributing child pornography and eventually put his website
on the secret blacklist.
One of Nikki's findings was that the top five Google search results for "gay
porn" were all blacklisted, even though there was nothing related to
children on the sites. Other brilliant highlights from the secret blacklist
include  (yes, the World Wide Web Consortium!) and the memorial
page of a deceased Thai princess. An officer of the Central Criminal Police
famously quipped "Google is a browser" when asked why Google is not
blacklisted even though its search results contained the same links for
which Nikki's pages were placed on the blacklist.
Nikki appealed to the Administrative Court about his website being on the
secret blacklist. The Administrative Court ruled in May 2009 that it was not
possible to complain about being on the blacklist. Nikki appealed to the
Supreme Administrative Court, which ruled in September 2010 that indeed it
was possible to complain about being on the list and thus cleared the way
for complaints by Nikki and others who thought their sites had been put on
the list without a valid basis.
The case was returned to the Administrative Court, which has now ruled that
domestic sites may not be placed on the list. However, the court did not
rule on whether Nikki's site could be blocked if it were abroad. Thus, legal
uncertainty continues as to precisely what kinds of websites may be blocked.
One of the three judges filed a dissenting opinion to the ruling. In his
view, lapsiporno.info is circumventing the law by "distributing foreign
child porn via a website in Finland". Nikki's site does not in fact
distribute child pornography in any way. It only contains domain names from
the secret blocking list, all of which appear to host legal content. Out of
nearly a thousand domain names that Nikki found to be on the blocking list,
only a dozen seemed to contain illegal content and Nikki withheld them from
the list on his website. Nikki has instead reported actual child porn
websites to the police himself - only to find them still online a year
later as they turned up on the police's blacklist. Nikki has also analysed
child porn distribution mechanisms and suggested methods for attacking the
phenomenon, but these have fallen on deaf ears. Chasing criminals in
"inaccessible" countries such as USA, UK and continental Europe might entail
real work - it seems easier to just sweep the criminal activity
under a carpet.
The Administrative Court held that Nikki had to pay his own legal fees,
because "since the law is unclear, inclusion of his website on the blacklist
cannot be seen to have resulted from an error by the authorities". This
sends a message that complaining about actions of authorities, even if they
acted against the law, will be expensive for a citizen.
Nikki is again considering an appeal to the Supreme Administrative Court. At
the same time, IFPI Finland has started a court process to block The Pirate
Bay at ISP level, which would - if successful - create a new category of
blocked sites.
The court ruling (only in Finnish)
HS.fi: IFPI Finland orders Elisa internet service provider to prevent its
clients from accessing Pirate Bay website:
IFPI Press Release (only in Finnish)
EDRi-gram: Finland: Complaints not allowed for the Police child-porn
censorship list
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Finnish web censorship
(Contribution by Timo Karjalainen- EDRi-member Electronic Frontier Finland
7. Internet FoE: How should Europe battle online censorship?
On 23 May 2011, there was an event in the International Press Centre in
Brussels, hosted by ECIPE. Participants in the event were Erika Mann
(Executive Vice President, CCIA; Board Member, ICANN), William Echikson
(Head of Free Expression, EMEA, Google), Marietje Schaake (Member of the
European Parliament, the Netherlands), Hosuk Lee-Makiyama (Director, ECIPE),
Uri Rosenthal (Dutch Minister for Foreign Affairs) and Carl Bildt (Swedish
Minister for Foreign Affairs).
Erika Mann said that the politics and governments were dividing the
Internet. With regard to the EU, she said that preaching of freedom across
the world would not have the desired effect if the EU did not implement this
freedom in its own legal system.
William Echikson noted that Google's business depended on the free flow of
information. As regards current challenges, he referred to the Italian
YouTube case, in which three Google employees were convicted of privacy
violations because students at a school in Turin uploaded a video to YouTube
that showed the bullying of an autistic child. He said that, in this
particular case, convicting Google employees was the same as making a
postman for carrying the contents of the post.
Marietje Schaake MEP (ALDE Group, the Netherlands) said that we needed a
global internet strategy. She also said that there were some remarks from
China that the EU could not ask other countries to respect the freedom of
the Internet if the EU did not guarantee such freedom to its own citizens.
Ms Schaake described some of the challenges related to the Internet. They
were: (1) Net neutrality, (2) Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights,
(3) ACTA, (4) Cybersecurity. The Dutch MEP also said that the potential
solutions to the last three of these challenges should be investigated as to
whether they are a "medicine" to the problem or a "disease" in their own
right. Finally, Ms Schaake concluded that EU e-policy should mainstream the
Internet freedom and ensure that there was a democratic oversight and
Uri Rosenthal pointed out that the freedom of expression is the core of
every free nation. Moreover, freedom of expression opened the door to many
other human rights. On the Internet, freedom of expression had to be
defended. In order to do that, the public and private sector should act
together. This is because the Internet freedom was a multi-stakeholder
issue. Mr Rosenthal said that the Netherlands proposed EU-level restrictions
on exporting equipment used for limiting the freedom of the Internet and
supports for circumvention technologies. The Dutch Minister for Foreign
Affairs also expressed his support to cyber dissidents around the world.
Carl Bildt said that the present progress in information technology was only
the beginning of the Internet. He added that, since the Internet is so
valuable for development that the EU should support its fast development.
He stated that freedom and security were also important. In order to ensure
these goals, there was a need of a global strategy. This is because a global
impact could be achieved only by a global action. The Swedish Minister for
Foreign Affairs also noted that Sweden provided financial support to NGOs
located all around the world to fight against filtering and blocking. He
argued that setting people free allowed development. With regard to the
recent US Strategy for cyberspace, he said that he supported it. However,
the EU should also support it. In an amusing swipe at President Sarcozy, in
response to a reference to the "civilised Internet", he replied "Civilised
Internet? Perhaps we should first launch a civilised telephone system where
people only say nice things."
Carl Bildt remarks on Digital Authoritarianism at The European Centre for
International Political Economy (ECIPE) Brussels (23.05.2011)
ECIPE Study
(Contribution by Daniel Dimov - EDRi intern)
8. MEPs approve body scanners on airports on a voluntarily basis
As the European Commission plans new rules to add body scanners to the list
of EU-authorised methods for passenger screening, the European Parliament,
which has the right to veto, made its position known on 24 May 2011, by
approving a report that backs the use of body scanners provided they don't
interfere with passenger privacy or pose health risks.
MEPs on the Transport Committee agreed that the use of body scanners in EU
airports would enhance security but considered the method should be used
The report, that is to be voted in the plenary on 23 June, asks for several
conditions to be met on body scanners, including a ban on scanners using
ionising radiations, like x-rays, and the necessity of using the least
harmful technology, so as to ensure the passengers' health.
"We need to be sure that the new equipment will not impact people's health.
Therefore, x-ray scans should be rejected," said Luis de Grandes Pascual,
the MEP who drafted the report.
The US Transportation Security Administration has insisted, in its turn,
that the radiation from airport body scanners poses no threat to health and
that every x-ray backscatter unit was operating "well within applicable
national safety standards".
MEPs believe the use of body scanners should be made by also ensuring the
protection of the personal data, dignity and privacy, the report asking for
the use of only "stick figures" without body images being produced, and
without storage of the obtained figures. To be sure of that, "the technology
used must not have the capabilities to store or save data". Moreover, the
passengers must be able to opt for a manual search instead of a body scan
and the scans should be random and non-discriminatory.
According to the report, the Member States should provide extra control
points and security staff to ensure that passengers are not slowed down by
the need to pass through body scanners. MEPs also call for international
aviation security coordination with mutual recognition of measures and
one-stop security systems in order to ensure that passengers, luggage and
cargo at EU airports are screened only once.
Presently, body scanners are in use in UK and Dutch airports and have been
tested in Germany, Italy, France and Finland.
MEPs back body scanners but want strict safeguards (26.05.2011)
Information on body scanners and safety from TSA
Information on body scanners from the European Commission
Controversial body scanners continue to cause transatlatic divide
Strict safeguards needed for airport body scanners, say MEPs (24.05.2011)
Draft Report on aviation security, with a special focus on security
scanners - Committee on Transport and Tourism (23.02.2011)
EDRi-gram: EESC condemns body scanners as a breach of fundamental rights
9. OSCE findings on Estonian e-voting
In its report of 16 May 2011, the Office for Democratic Institutions and
Human Rights (ODIHR) of the Office of Security and Cooperation in Europe
(OSCE) found Estonia's March 6 parliamentary elections, including the
Internet voting, as trustworthy, although several elections monitors have
pointed out a series of procedural and technical issues.
"The Riigikogu elections were conducted in an environment characterized by
respect for fundamental rights and freedoms and a high degree of trust in
the impartiality of the election administration. Election stakeholders
expressed confidence in the overall process, including the Internet voting.
Voters had an opportunity to make an informed choice among a field of
candidates representing a variety of political alternatives," is ODIHR's
However, the report expresses the belief that there is room for "improvement
of the legal framework, oversight and accountability, and some technical
aspects of the internet voting system." The weakest point, according to the
report, is that the Estonian legislation doesn't deal with significant
issues such as the situations that would allow the National Electoral
Committee (NEC) to declare Internet voting invalid or the way in which the
voters should become aware of the fact that they had to recast their ballots
on election day.
Another point of emphasis was that none of NEC staff or members had the
necessary know-how to carry out oversight procedures without strongly
relying on the IT department of the Parliament and therefore, the report
recommended the development of technical expertise within the committee.
Also, the results of the test made by NEC on the e-election system were not
made public and therefore more transparency would be necessary. A disaster
recovery plan was also recommended in the report, as the system maintenance,
as performed during the elections, might create security issues.
After the elections, student Paavo Pihelgas asked in court for the
invalidation of the electronic voting results claiming the software used in
the electronic voting was flawed and a virus could theoretically change a
vote without the voter's knowledge.
The student conducted a series of experiments with volunteers in order to
prove his point. According to the law, the Supreme Court can nullify
election results in case of violation of voter rights that had or may have
had a significant effect on the election outcome.
As Pihelgas participated in the test wilfully, the Supreme Court's
Constitutional Review Chamber decided on 21 March that his voter's rights
had not been infringed as long as he had knowingly put himself into the
situation where his vote hadn't reached the electoral committee web server.
Therefore, since only an established violation can lay at the basis of the
nullification of the election result, a hypothetical possibility that
someone's computer may have been infected with a similar type of virus
without that voter's knowledge, could not constitute enough cause for
In this matter, the OSCE recommended the creation of a mechanism that would
allow a voter to check whether his or her vote had been changed.
OSCE Calls for Enhancements to Internet Voting (17.05.2011)
Supreme Court Rejects Last Voter Complaint (23.05.2011)
Parliamentary Elections - 6 March 2011 - OSCE/ODIHR Election Assessment
Mission Report (16.05.2011)
10. Internet governance dialogue in Belgrade 2011
The 4th European Dialogue on Internet Governance (EuroDIG) took place in
Belgrade on 30-31 May 2011 covering a lot of debates on a large area of
issues on concepts of Internet Governance, from freedom of expression to
privacy and cybersecurity.
The opening session was marked by Internet freedom concepts with the opening
video speech by Carl Bildt, the foreign minister of Sweden who noted that
"the blocking and filtering of content, popular in certain quarters, should
be avoided. I think it is a disturbing fact that more governments have
become more sophisticated in trying to monitor the behaviour and also, to a
certain extent to censor, the content of the net. We must send a strong
message that according to the values that we represent, this is simply not
He also claimed that Europe should have a unitary voice asking for freedom
on the Internet: "I would say that from the European point of view, our
emphasis should be on the freedom issues of the net, the other voices in the
world that are pressing in another direction and we should be on our guard
against those particular tendencies. And I think we need to develop as
unified and as strong European voice on these issues as we can."
His speech follows a similar stand for Internet freedom taken a few days
before, in an event held on 23 May 2011 in Brussels (reported in a
previous EDRi-gram article).
In a data protection workshop on the first day, the panel, including
Katarzyna Szymielewicz from EDRi-member Panoptykon Foundation Poland,
participants debated the review of the privacy standards, with an
emphasis on the right to oblivion, as a new principle to be included in the
review of the data protection legislative tools. The workshop also
underlined the tension between the right to privacy and some new business
models, a tension which should not lead to diminishing the protection of
A plenary on "new media" of the second day involved a lot of participants
trying to debate the notion of new media, editorial control, trust in mass
medium sources and freedom of expression. The discussion drew on the
current work undertaken by the Council of Europe to develop a "new notion of
media", already covered in the EDRi-gram. An interesting debate on the paid
vs. free media focused on the fact that for the free media there is a price
to be paid as well, but it is just not visible. You can pay by giving your
personal information or you can pay via advertisement. Another part of the
debate was if the media law needed to be changed and in what direction. In
this respect, Meryem Marzouki from EDRi underlined that such a regulation on
a new media should be possible only if the purpose was "to ensure plurality
of views and to ensure the public interest."
The conclusions of the meeting underlined the openness of conversations, the
challenge of incorporating different perspectives and the importance of
maintaining a bottom up approach to internet policy issues. An active
participation of the youth is also worth noting, some of them also
participants in the New Media Summer School, with strong public positions in
favour of preventing censorship and promoting freedom of expression and net
neutrality during the debates.
The next EuroDIG conference will take place in Sweden in 2012.
Eurodig 2011 (30-31.05.2011)
Carl Bildt at EuroDIG 2011 (30.05.2011)
New Media Summer School (27.05.- 1.06.2011)
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial:CoE: A New Notion of Media. For Better or For Worse?
11. Recommended Action
Open letter against ACTA - expression of concern initiated by some European
medialabs collaborate in LABtoLAB, a two year programme of collective
reflection on informal learning. (05.2011)
12. Recommended Reading
Internet matters: The Net's sweeping impact on growth, jobs, and prosperity.
State of the Internet in Europe (25.05.2011)
Google boss: anti-piracy laws would be disaster for free speech (18.05.2011)
Author Attitudes Towards Open Access Publishing (27.04.2011)
Freedom of Connection, Freedom of Expression: UNESCO launches new
publication (25.05.2011)
13. Agenda
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
3 June 2011, Florence, Italy
E-privacy 2011 and Big Brother Awards 2011
4-5 June 2011, Bonn, Germany
PolitCamp 2011
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
24-30 July 2011, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance 2011
27 - 30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2011-06-15 20:44:46
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.12, 15 June 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.12, 15 June 2011
1. European Commission consults with civil society on data retention
2. Irish "three strikes" system investigated by Data Protection Commissioner
3. European Commission consultation on IPR enforcement
4. UK: The Home Office's Prevent Strategy includes Internet filtering
5. Facebook's face recognition raises privacy complaints
6. Germany: Police statistics prove data retention superfluous
7. Big Brother Awards Italy 2011
8. ENDitorial: Hello CIRCAMP web blocking, goodbye democracy
9. Recommended Action. Smart meters: Let's be clever and team up
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. European Commission consults with civil society on data retention
Last week, the European Commission held the first of its series of
consultation meetings with different groups of stakeholders on the revision
of the infamous Data Retention Directive. The first meeting was with the
"civil society", including representatives of industry and one lobbying
company representing unspecified clients.
The meeting was originally intended to address the details of the Directive.
However, civil society representatives broadly took the view that it was
impossible to have a coherent discussion on the Directive itself, if the
Member States were going to fail to provide credible data to the Commission
for its decision-making process. As evidenced by the Commission's
Implementation Report, there is simply not enough data available from the
Member States to show that the Directive is "necessary" (the minimum
requirement for it to be legal).
Participants at the meeting felt that if the Commission was going to be
forced to defend the Directive using anecdotes about the use of data that
would have been retained even in the absence of the Directive, the whole
process, including the consultations, would be undermined. In particular,
participants requested that the Commission only used information from Member
States related to data stored under the Directive. Also older data should be
considered "necessary" only if the delay in accessing the data could have
been avoided through better police cooperation.
The Commission asked for an expert from the Council of Europe to present a
law enforcement view of the relative merits of data retention and data
preservation. The expert, from the Serbian police, explained that long-term
retention of data is the only solution and compared the proportionality of
retaining vast amounts of data in relation to innocent and unsuspected
citizens to trawling the Danube to find a dead body. The fact that the river
is big is not a reason not to find the body. It was unclear who he was
representing at the meeting.
Despite that, the overall feeling is that the meeting was productive. The
concerns raised appear to have been taken on board by the Commission, which
will take our demands to their meeting with the law enforcement authorities
and the communications industry. Participants also appreciated the
willingness of the Commission to acknowledge the fact that political
decisions have already been taken on the dossier and the Commission's
promise that a serious evaluation of data preservation would be included in
the upcoming impact assessment.
The Commission has the unenviable task of trying to
extract the necessary data from the Member States and the probably
impossible task of producing a revised legislative proposal which is both
legal and which will not end up gathering dust on a shelf in the Council of
Ministers after being vetoed by certain large Member States.
European Commission Data Retention Evaluation Report (18.04.2011)
EDRi Shadow Report (17.04.2011)
Panoptykon Foundation article on the meeting (only in Polish, 10.06.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi )
2. Irish "three strikes" system investigated by Data Protection Commissioner
The Irish Data Protection Commissioner is investigating the Eircom / music
industry three strikes system, a report in the Sunday Times has revealed.
According to the story by Mark Tighe, predictions that Eircom would end up
falsely accusing innocent users have now proved correct, with over 300 users
wrongfully being sent a "first strike" letter accusing them of sharing
Eircom have admitted to the mistakes, stating that "this was due to a
software failure caused when the clocks went back last October". However,
far from being a technical sounding "software failure", this appears to show
up failings in relation to a very basic aspect of network management - i.e.
making sure that the server clock reflects daylight savings time. As a
result, it seems that users found themselves being accused on the basis of
what somebody else did from the same IP address either an hour earlier or an
hour later. Consequently, the users who were wrongfully accused should
consider themselves lucky that this incompetence did not lead to their being
accused of a serious crime - for example, being arrested and having their
homes searched due to the wrong time being used (as has previously happened
e.g. to a number of Indian users).
The significance of this case goes well beyond simple technical failings
however, as the complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner has triggered
a wider investigation of the legality of the entire three strikes system.
According to the Sunday Times, "the DPC said it was investigating the
complaint 'including whether the subject matter gives rise to any questions
as to the proportionality of the graduated response system operated by
Eircom and the music industry'."
This is unsurprising. When the Eircom / music industry three strikes
settlement was being agreed, the Data Protection Commissioner identified
significant data protection problems with it. These problems remain,
notwithstanding the deeply flawed High Court judgement which permitted the
parties to operate the system - a judgement which, for example, decided on
the question of whether or not IP addresses are personal data without once
considering the views of the Article 29 Working Party. The Data Protection
Commissioner was not convinced by that judgement (it was
problematic at least in part because the Commissioner was not represented -
the only parties before the court had a vested interest in the system being
implemented). However, until a concrete complaint arose no further action
could be taken.
The complaint in this case has now triggered that action, and it seems
likely that the Commissioner will reach a decision reflecting his previous
views that using IP addresses to cut off customers' internet connections is
disproportionate and does not constitute "fair use" of personal information.
If so, the Commissioner has the power and indeed the duty to issue an
enforcement notice which would prevent Eircom from using personal data for
this purpose - an outcome which would derail the three strikes system unless
Eircom successfully challenges that notice before the courts, or unless the
music industry were to succeed in its campaign to secure legislation
introducing three strikes into Irish law.
Eircom investigated after falsely accusing customers of piracy (5.05.2011)
Data Protection Commissioner investigating Eircom's "three strikes" system
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
3. European Commission consultation on IPR enforcement
Last week, the European Commission organised an open consultation on
"Directive 2004/48/EC on the enforcement of intellectual property rights:
Challenges posed by the digital environment". The meeting opened with
initial presentations from Jonathan Faull, Director General of the Internal
Market Directorate General of the Commission, Margot Frvhlinger, Director of
the Copyright Directorate of the Commission and Bryan Cassidy of the
Economic and Social Committee.
The Commission then made a presentation of the not yet final summary of the
consultation on the IPR Enforcement Directive. The consultation generated
165 replies from individual citizens and 297 replies from organisations were
received within the deadline. The main trends were that:
- Member States were divided between wanting the Directive to be updated and
believing that the legislation has not been in place long enough to be
properly analysed. Eight believe that ISP liability should be increased
while seven believe that it should not change;
- Rightsholders are keen to separate liability from the right to impose
injunctions (as a method of circumventing the safeguards in the E-Commerce
Directive, which are restricted to situations where ISPs are subject to
liability for content).
Oddly, the Commission's view of all of the replies from user
groups was that end users did not like increased ISP liability because of
fears regarding costs (and not the dangers that this creates for privacy,
freedom of expression, net neutrality, innovation and competition)
During the presentations, rightsholder groups variously suggested
comprehensive policing of the Internet by ISPs, extra-judicial blocking and
takedown of content, mass surveillance via deep packet inspection and using
the domain name system to police and "remove" content.
Various consumer and citizens' organisations, including EDRi, raised a
variety of questions about the approach of the rightholder groups, in
- the appropriateness of permitting, encouraging or coercing
Internet intermediaries to police online communications;
- the extent to which the legitimacy of current copyright law is
definitively broken, as indicated by the apocalyptic levels of infringements
described by the rightholders;
- the wider costs (also for rightholders) for openness and
innovation on the Internet as a result of ISPs being forced into a
"gatekeeper" role;
- the fact that rightholders groups are simultaneously fighting
against measures that would lead to more legal offers, such as a "one stop
shop" for rights clearance and then complaining about the infringements that
are caused by a lack of legal offers;
- the over-reliance on dubious studies on the impact of
infringements, which often use questionable methodology and overlook
numerous credible studies that present a very different picture including
the report from the HADOPI authority itself, which shows that "pirates"
spend the most money on cultural goods;
- the need to address the issue of exceptions and limitations to
copyright to ensure a more balanced and innovative environment.
None of these points were addressed to any significant extent by the
rightholder groups. This, together with the very clear message to the
Commission that work on a revision of the Directive must take account all
the available research, left a very positive impression that the outcome of
the meeting had been a forceful communication of the views of civil society
and a better awareness of the lack of balance of the approach to date.
EDRi response to the IPRED consultation
European Commission web page on IPR enforcement
EDRi study on the side from self-regulation to corporate censorship
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
4. UK: The Home Office's Prevent Strategy includes Internet filtering
The UK Home Office has recently published its new version of the Prevent
Strategy aimed at countering terrorism, which includes worrying suggestions
about the necessity of Internet filtering.
Besides the fact that one can read in the Prevent Strategy that "Internet
filtering across the public estate is essential", the document also suggests
the Home Office's intention to consider "the potential for violent and
unlawful URL lists to be voluntarily incorporated into independent national
blocking lists, including the list operated by the Internet Watch
The document seems to ignore issues related to transparency, censorship or
accountability as well as the technical and financial consequences, in one
more attempt to solve a series of social problems by blocking access to
the Internet as the source of all evils.
The strategy takes no consideration of the fact that, as UN Special
Rapporteur Frank La Rue pointed out in his Report on the promotion and
protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, website
blocking would be a violation of rights to freedom of expression.
Furthermore, what is even more worrying is the tendency towards ignoring
legal means in establishing the unlawfulness of a site and blocking it. The
strategy says nothing about the legal process leading to blocking the access
to a site - quite the contrary, there seems to suggest the need for
collaboration between law enforcement authorities and the Internet industry
that would result in voluntary removal on Internet content.
"This work will require effective dialogue with the private sector and in
particular the internet industry. It will also require collaboration with
international partners: the great majority of the websites and chat rooms
which concern us in the context of radicalisation are hosted overseas," says
the strategy report.
Moreover, according to the strategy report, TACT (the Terrorism Act) allows
the Government to charge website owners with encouraging terrorism and
publishing terrorist information if they do not remove unlawful content.
"TACT provides that those served with notices who fail to remove, without
reasonable excuse, the material that is unlawful and terrorism-related
within a specified period are treated as endorsing it."
As many freedom advocates have several times emphasised, blocking access to
Internet sites is no real solution in preventing harms, while affecting, at
the same time, the users' rights to freedom of expression and access to
Censorship of the Internet is also suggested by Reg Bailey, Chief Executive
of the UK Mothers Union, who has recently published a series of worrying
recommendations for privacy and confidentiality of communications.
In his "Letting Children be Children - Report of an Independent Review of
the Commercialisation and Sexualisation of Childhood", Bailey suggests
making it easier for parents to block adult and age-restricted material from
the Internet by providing "a consistent level of protection across all
media" and that, "as a matter of urgency, the internet industry should
ensure that customers must make an active choice over what sort of content
they want to allow their children to access".
The implication of Bailey's report, which seems to entirely disregard the
censorship issues and the technical implications of the measures proposed,
is that the entire UK telecom industry should impose communications
surveillance, with Internet users forced to "opt out" of the censorship.
"Specifically, we would like to see industry agreeing ... that when a new
device or service is purchased or contract entered into, customers would be
asked to make an active choice about whether filters should be switched off
or on: they would be given the opportunity to choose to activate the
solution immediately, whether it be network-level filtering by an ISP or
pre-installed software on a new laptop."
Again, the most unrealistic measures are being considered because they are,
apparently, the simplest, in an attempt to eliminate the symptoms and not
the causes. Real measures such as the education and supervision of children
by their parents don't really seem to be encouraged.
Home Office - Prevent Strategy
Home Office Prevent strategy claims: 'Internet filtering is essential'
UK 'blacklist' of terrorist-supporting websites should be developed,
Government says (8.06.2011)
Media industry relaxed over Bailey report on sexualisation of children
Mothers Crawl Into Bed with Big Brother (7.06.2011)
UN - Human Rights Council - Report of the Special Rapporteur on thepromotion
and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, Frank La
Rue (16.05.2011)
5. Facebook's face recognition raises privacy complaints
Facebook has again been criticised by privacy advocates for its facial
recognition feature that has recently been added to the social networking
service, world-wide, without any previous announcement to its users.
Facebook users have the possibility to 'tag' themselves and their friends in
the photos they upload to the site with pop-up captions that identify the
people in the respective pictures. The new face recognition feature, which
was launched in 2010 in US, now suggests automatically the names of people
featured in photos uploaded by users.
"Once again, Facebook seems to be sharing personal information by default,"
said Graham Cluley of IT security firm Sophos who added: "Many people feel
distinctly uncomfortable about a site like Facebook learning what they look
like, and using that information without their permission. (...) Most
Facebook users still don't know how to set their privacy options safely,
finding the whole system confusing. It's even harder though to keep control
when Facebook changes the settings without your knowledge. (...) The onus
should not be on Facebook users having to 'opt-out' of the facial
recognition feature, but instead on users having to 'opt-in'. Yet again, it
feels like Facebook is eroding the online privacy of its users by stealth."
Facebook replied that the users could alter their settings so that their
name would not be suggested for tagging. Beth Givens, director of the
Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, considered that Facebook should have rather
included an "opt-in" system for its users rather than applying an automatic
tagging, letting them decide if they wanted the feature in the first place.
The Electronic Privacy International Center (EPIC) has organised a complaint
to the Federal Trade Commission in the US and asked several other privacy
groups to sign it. Marc Rotenberg, president of EPIC, said the system raised
questions related to personally identifiable information, such as email
addresses, that would be associated with the photos in Facebook's database.
The UK Data Protection Authority (Information Commissioner's Office - ICO)
also made an official statement on the matter asking Facebook to tell users
how they use personal information stored about them. "The privacy issues
that this new software might raise are obvious and users should be given as
much information as possible to give them the opportunity to make an
informed choice about whether they wish to use it. We are speaking to
Facebook about the privacy implications of this technology," the ICO said.
Facebook's new feature will be studied by ICO, but also by the Article 29
Working Party.
"Tags of people on pictures should only happen based on people's prior
consent and it can't be activated by default," said Girard Lommel, a
Luxembourg member of the Working Party who added that automatic tagging
suggestions "can bear a lot of risks for users" and the European data
protection officials would "clarify to Facebook that this can't happen like
Having in view the reactions, Facebook admitted it had not handled the
situation properly. "We should have been more clear with people during the
roll-out process when this became available to them," was the company
statement of 8 June. The company has added an option letting users opt out
of the new feature, though it did not alert them when the new feature took
effect or when the option was added.
Facebook hit by privacy complaints (9.06.2011)
Data protection watchdogs to probe Facebook about its use of facial
recognition technology (9.06.2011)
Facebook 'Face Recognition' Feature Draws Privacy Scrutiny (8.06.2011)
Facebook criticised for not telling users about new facial recognition
feature (8.06.2011)
Facebook in new privacy row over facial recognition feature (8.06.2011)
6. Germany: Police statistics prove data retention superfluous
The national crime statistics recently published by Germany's Federal Crime
Agency reveal that after the policy of blanket telecommunications data
retention was discontinued in Germany due to a Constitutional Court ruling
on 3 March 2010, registered crime continued to decline and the crime
clearance rate was the highest ever recorded (56,0%). Indiscriminate and
blanket telecommunications data retention had no statistically relevant
effect on crime or crime clearance trends. These findings confirm the
position of more than 100 organisations in Europe that are opposing the EU
policy of mass retention of telecommunications data, calling it unnecessary
and disproportionate.
The statistics refute the myth spread by certain politicians and police
representatives that the Internet is "a lawless space" in the absence of
mass retention of telecommunications data of non-suspects. Even without such
a policy of blanket data retention, the German police achieved a clearance
rate of nearly three out of four Internet offences (71%) in 2010, exceeding
by far the average clearance rate for crimes committed without any use of
the Internet (55%).
Regarding other European countries, the Scientific Services of the German
Parliament have recently analysed "the practical effects of data retention
on crime clearance rates in EU Member States" and have come to the following
conclusion: "In most States crime clearance rates have not changed
significantly between 2005 and 2010. Only in Latvia did the crime clearance
rate rise significantly in 2007. However, this is related to a new Criminal
Procedure Law and is not reported to be connected to the transposition of
the EU Data Retention Directive."
"Since crime clearance trends are completely unaffected by the retention of
communications data of non-suspects, there is no justification for the EU's
"big brother" policy of collecting telecommunications data on all 500
million EU citizens", explains Florian Altherr, member of the German Working
Group on Data Retention. "Ninety-eight percent of citizens are never
suspected of any wrongdoing. The right of protection of their personal data
from unjustified suspicion, data abuse and data loss due to data retention
policies must prevail. The EU must respect its Charter of Fundamental Rights
and give up its failed experiment of total data retention immediately."
"In light of these new crime statistics, the irresponsible campaign of fear
and continued scaremongering by some politicians after the annulment of the
German data retention law finds no justification in reality", says Michael
Ebeling of the German Working Group on Data Retention. "The truth is that
with targeted investigations of suspects we live just as safely as we would
with a policy of indiscriminate retention of all communications data. The
endless exaggeration and emotionally charged descriptions of isolated cases
combined with a massive media campaign is both misleading and unethical. In
my view this is nothing less than a populist defence of the most privacy
invasive and unpopular surveillance measure ever adopted by the EU."
German police statistics prove telecommunications data retention superfluous
EDRi-gram: German study finds the data retention ineffective (9.02.2011)
(Thanks to AK Vorrat - Germany)
7. Big Brother Awards Italy 2011
The winners of the Big Brother Awards Italy 2011 were designated on 3 June
2011, in Florence, on the occasion of the e-privacy conference 2011.
Facebook was the "star" of the awards being nominated for several categories
and won the price for the "Most Invasive Technology".
The "Lament of the People" award was not given this year, as the votes were
equally split between Telecom Italia, Facebook and the Ministry of Internal
Affairs. "Worst Public Agency" was again a tie between Facebook and Sony
Entertainment Systems which received an equal number of votes.
PEC and CEC-PAC (certified electronic mail), as normative and legal
obligation, received the award for the "Worst Public Agency" as the most
damaging for people's privacy.
The positive "Winston Smith - Privacy Hero" price was received by Stefano
Rodota for his work to the legislative proposal for the modification of
Constitution Article 21.
Big Brother Awards Italy 2011 (only in Italian)
Big Brother Awards Italy: all the winners (only in Italian, 6.06.2011)
8. ENDitorial: Hello CIRCAMP web blocking, goodbye democracy
Late in 2010, with the issue of web blocking still being discussed in the
European Parliament, the European Commission decided, with complete
disregard for the outcome of the democratic process on this issue, to invest
a further 324 059 Euro in the COSPOL Internet Related Child Abuse Project
(CIRCAMP). The purpose of the CIRCAMP project is to lobby for internet
blocking in the European Union, both at an EU and a national level and to
support its implementation.
CIRCAMP promotes the use of blocking at a domain level (blocking a full
domain such as yahoo.com rather than, for example
yahoo.com/personalpage).The danger to innocent websites from this approach
is growing, as a result of a trend identified by the Internet Watch
Foundation of "individual offenders increasingly exploiting legitimate
hosting services to publish images.".
The inevitable blocking of innocent and entirely unrelated material as a
result of such a primitive approach is sold as a positive advantage on the
CIRCAMP website, which explains that "if a domain owner places, accidental
or willingly, child abuse material on his/her domain, and it is blocked by
the police, the blocking will not be lifted until the material is removed.
We believe that this will motivate content providers on the Internet to
actively make an effort to avoid files with child sexual abuse on their
systems/services." Despite this overt support for domain-level blocking, in
response to a parliamentary question, the Commission was mysteriously
unaware of the activities of the project it has been funding for years and
stated "the CIRCAMP project did not promote a specific level of blocking."
CIRCAMP appears either unaware or indifferent to the fact that its analysis
of its activities confuses basic concepts. Content providers (such
asbloggers) and domain name owners (such as blogger.com) are entirely
different. In a commercial environment, therefore, it is generally not the
domain owner that is putting content on his/her domain, it is the company's
customers. This leaves hosting companies with the threat of being blocked
unless they seek to achieve an impossible level of permanent surveillance of
their customers and delete anything that would risk the blocking system from
being implemented - innocent or not. Therefore, in addition to entirely
innocent material being deliberately blocked by the CIRCAMP system, it is
highly likely that completely innocent material will be deleted to avoid an
entire service from being blocked.
As the Commission and pro-blocking lobbyists have explained, most people
would hit the "blocking page" set up in such circumstances by accident.
Thereforeo there's no need to worry if you happen to find yourself on such a
page - the police, as usual, have no intention of undertaking
investigations, the activity is kept at a purely superficial level. That
said, despite the fact that the stop page is there to fight the unquantified
problem of accidental access, the CIRCAMP website explains that, in most
countries involved in CIRCAMP, ISPs hand over log files related to the
end-users that "hit" the blocking page (once directly personally
identifiable data has been removed).
In particular, the CIRCAMP website explains that "the statistics from these
logs will also provide an overview of the Internet usage related to child
sexual abusive material in addition to information about search words, type
of operating system, browser, time of day that most Internet users are
redirected to the "stop page" etc. This will provide the police with the
opportunity to have a qualified opinion about what their population look and
search for, where on the Internet they originate, what time of day is most
active and what kind of equipment they use." This volume of data means that,
in the absence of directly identifiable data, there are still numerous ways
that this data could be exploited to identify the individuals that are
assumed innocent - such as via the search provider.
It is difficult to imagine how it is possible for the European Commission to
put such an amount of money into a process described this month by the UN,
IACR, OSCE and ACHPR as an "extreme action that should only be taken in
accordance with international standards" (which is clearly not the case in
relation to CIRCAMP.
It is difficult to imagine how the Commission can give a response to a
parliamentary question on this issue which suggest that it either does not
know or does not care about the collateral damage caused by CIRCAMP's
support of domain level blocking.
It is difficult to imagine why the Commission invests so much money in
promoting and lobbying for blocking rather than investing in international
efforts to investigate and prosecute the crimes directly. This does,
however, explain why it is strongly opposing the European Parliament's
proposal of a reporting obligation for the Commission to explain what it is
doing internationally to deal with these crimes.
International Human Rights organisations statement on blocking (1.06.2011)
Internet Watch Foundation 2010 report
Parliamentary question: Internet blocking and child pornography (26.10.2010)
EDRi blocking booklet
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Action. Smart meters: Let's be clever and team up
The European Union decided that 80% of all users are to have a smart meter
in 2020. These instruments will then measure the consumption of gas and
electricity. They can be integrated in a smart grid, a network of users and
producers that ensures better tuning of supply and demand. When solar
generators produce electricity, the washing machine can best do its work.
This part sounds good? What about civil and digital rights? The issue is
related since there are also potentially some undesirable effects attached
to this new technology:
Privacy: The government, electricity producers and/or others may gain access
to detailed information about our energy use. The government may use this
information for investigations about when you were home, if you have a new
partner, if you lead a healthy life. You name it. Energy companies may
decide to target you with specific advertisements or sell the information.
In California, the energy company PG&E, smart meter producer GE and Google
work together. Also, criminals can use the information to build a profile
and ultimately use it for identity-theft, a once science fiction nightmare
that for many became a reality. Look it up if identity-theft is an abstract
word for you.
Security: This is closely linked to privacy. A leaky system will reveal
privacy data. In addition, the smart meter might give access to equipment
inside the house like the connected PC. Hacking the smart grid can also give
access to the light switch for the grid. By the way: smart meters can cut
off your energy remotely.
Electrosmog: With the authorities (WHO, Council of Europe) warning against
electromagnetic radiation, the dangers of wireless technology might finally
be taken seriously. Might. A smart meter can be equipped with wireless
technology, like GPRS, "RF-meshed" or a separate, more secure
protocol/frequency. Depending on the type of network and the information
exchange rate, the radiation can be more or less serious for the health of
humans, animals and plants. There is an alternative using wired technology.
It's called PLC or Power Line Carrier. Italy has already implemented this
These are a few of the issues that surround smart meters. We're in the early
stages still. In Brussels, the representatives from all EU countries meet to
decide on the technology and the demands for smart meters, including the
rules and regulations.
The zeal to implement the smart grid is staggering. For the Netherlands the
whole issue started with a law proposal that would force every user to
accept the smart meter. This came out when Vrijbit, a Dutch privacy
organisation, and the Dutch Consumer NGO (Consumentenbond) read the small
print. Those who would refuse the smart meter could face up to 6 months
imprisonment. This brutal force was reason for the Senate to reject the law
proposal. The revised law passed early this year.
Now the Dutch pilot-implementation is planned by the start of 2012,
comprising 400 000 smart meters in 2 years. After the evaluation in the
parliament (end 2013), the final roll-out would comprise 7 million smart
meters. If it all satisfies the needs, i.e. a lot can still change.
In a recent meeting with people from the Ministry of Economic Affairs we
discussed privacy aspects of the smart meter. They made it clear that if
issues like privacy are to be taken seriously, European privacy
organisations need to team up. If pressure is applied now, if
representatives are compelled to take this issue seriously, then this
increases the chance for a better smart meter. From a manufacturing
viewpoint, special wishes will only be turned into actual product features
if there is sufficient market for these.
I am already member of Vrijbit, a Dutch privacy organisation. Other EDRi
members are also interested in smart meters as well. Are you a member of a
privacy organisation and interested in smart meters? Do you know people who
are? Let us establish a network to ensure our demands on privacy are known
in Brussels. Let's team up!
Contact me by Twitter: Mr_Communicator or eMail:
smitentertainment[ed]hotmail_com (Subject: Let's team up!)
Dutch government public message 'What is a smart meter?' (only in Dutch)
Vrijbit: File on Smart Meters (only in Dutch)
The dark side of 'smart' meters (1.11.2010)
The dark side of the smart electrical grid (24.10.2010)
Article 29 Working Party Opinion 12/2011 on smart metering (4.04.2011)
(Contribution by Hendrick Smit, Utrecht, The Netherlands)
10. Recommended Reading
EDPS Annual report 2010 (15.06.2011)
New Brussels Lobbying Group Communia Works For A Stronger Public Domain
Michael Geist: Europe Considers Using CETA To Create "Anti-Counterfeiting
Trade Agreement Plus" (13.06.2011)
Statewatch Analysis: Rethinking the EU Security Research Programme (pdf) by
Ben Hayes (06.2011)
Policy brief: Protection of Personal Data in Republic of Moldova (9.06.2011)
11. Agenda
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
25 June 2011, London, UK
Statewatching Europe: Civil liberties, the state and the EU
European Conference marking Statewatch's 20th anniversary
30 June - 1 July 2011, Berlin, Germany
OKCon 2011 - annual open knowledge conference of the Open Knowledge
5-6 July 2011, Gvttingen, Germany
International Social Networking Summit
Organized by CONSENT consortium
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
24-30 July 2011, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance 2011
11 October 2011, Brussels, Belgium
ePractice Workshop: Addressing evolving needs for cross-border eGovernment
27 - 30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-06-29 20:23:54
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.13, 29 June 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.13, 29 June 2011
1. CSISAC decision not to endorse draft OECD Internet Communiqui
2. The Netherlands - first EU country to launch net neutrality
3. Negotiations end in confused text on Internet blocking
4. EU-US PNR agreement found incompatible with human rights
5. High level discussions on online tracking
6. New draft law for data retention in Romania
7. UK: Copyright holders ask for website blocking
8. No anonymous Internet usage in Denmark?
9. Traffic data fraudulently obtained by the Czech police
10. Low level of protection for minor's privacy on social networks
11. Recommended Action.
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. CSISAC decision not to endorse draft OECD Internet Communiqui
As a founding member and Steering Committee member of CSISAC (The Civil
Society Information Society Advisory Council to the OECD), European Digital
Rights (EDRi) strongly supports CSISAC's decision not to endorse the draft
Communiqui currently under discussion by the OECD. EDRi was directly
involved in the discussions that led to this decision.
Having participated constructively in the OECD Internet policy development
process over many months, together with other CSISAC members, EDRI and
CSISAC support many of the proposed principles, in particular, policies that
support the open, interoperable Internet, and multi-stakeholder policy
development processes, but regret that other provisions of the draft OECD
Communiqui do not meet civil society expectations.
The final draft Communiqui threatens established human rights principles and
the rule of law. It places excessive emphasis on enforcement of intellectual
property, without taking due consideration of fundamental rights and the
damage that such measures could have for openness and innovation on the
Internet. Similarly, in the context of cybersecurity, it places undue weight
on security without giving adequate consideration to proportionality.
Most seriously of all, the implication of much of the text is to abandon the
rule of law and hand over both enforcement and policing of cyberspace to
online intermediaries. The text's repeated references to access to "lawful
content" implies that intermediaries should decide what is legal and
accessible and what is not - although they lack both the capacity and
credibility to take over such a role. Similarly, much of the text appears to
imply that Internet providers should also be responsible for punishing
alleged infringements, possibly through measures such as disconnection of
consumers ("graduated response").
More generally, EDRi has profound concerns regarding the tone of the draft
text as a whole - which appears to already be regressing from the principles
established in 2008 by the OECD's "Seoul Declaration".
EDRi's opposition to the draft Communiqui is not a matter of drafting, it is
an indication of a profound concern that the principles that it espouses are
contrary to core values of society as a whole. These are the values that
civil society exists to protect.
The development process for the Communiqui has been far more open and
inclusive than many exist in many other international forums. This should be
applauded and has made the decision not to support the current draft outcome
of the process very difficult. It was a decision that was not taken lightly.
Civil Society Seoul Declaration
OECD Seoul Declaration
CSISAC Press Release - Civil Society Coalition Declines to Endorse OECD
Communiqui on Principles for Internet Policy-Making; Urges OECD to Reject
"Voluntary" Steps For Filtering and Blocking of Online Content(28.06.2011)
CSISAC Statement on OECD Communiqui on Principles for Internet Policy-Making
2. The Netherlands - first EU country to launch net neutrality
A broad majority in the Dutch Parliament voted on 22 June 2011 for a
legislative proposal to safeguard an open Internet in The Netherlands.
The proposal prohibits Internet access providers from restricting or
charging end-users for specific services. In addition, provisions were
launched protecting users against disconnection and wiretapping by
providers. The Netherlands is the first country in Europe to launch net
neutrality provisions in parliament. Dutch digital rights movement and
member of EDRi Bits of Freedom calls upon other countries to follow the
Dutch example.
Net neutrality means that Internet service providers may not hinder or
block different kinds of applications and content online. Dutch telecom
incumbent KPN recently received world-wide media-attention because of it
plans to charge Internet users for the use of innovative and competitive
services such as Internet telephony. The legislative proposal aims to
prevent this, while still allowing for measures in case of congestion
and for network security, as long as these measures serve end-user
Another proposal regarding internet connection ensures that
internet providers can only disconnect their users in a very limited set
of circumstances. A third proposal restricts internet providers from
using invasive wiretapping technologies, such as deep packet inspection
The proposals are introduced by the Dutch parliament in the course of
the implementation of the European telecommunications package. The
proposals will also have to be adopted by the Dutch Senate (Eerste
Kamer) before entering into force. English translations of the
amendments can be found on the website of Bits of Freedom.
Press release regarding net neutrality of Bits of Freedom (22.06.2011)
Description of Dutch internet freedom proposals (22.06.2011)
English translation of Dutch internet freedom proposals (27.06.2011)
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom Netherlands)
3. Negotiations end in confused text on Internet blocking
After months of negotiation, the Council, Parliament and Commission finally
agreed a text on Internet blocking where everyone appears to have got what
they wanted, except the European Commission. The agreed text now needs to be
signed off by the political groups, before being put to a vote in the Civil
Liberties Committee on 12-13 July 2011. A full vote of the European
Parliament's plenary in September will definitively end the process in that
The provisional text removes the proposed obligation on EU Member States to
introduce web blocking and also removes the wording which proposed
encouragement and "stimulation" (sic) of Internet providers to introduce
blocking outside the rule of law.
The explanatory "recital" that is meant to provide clarification of the
meaning of the main article is entirely schizophrenic. For those who wish to
ignore the European Charter and European Convention on Human Rights, the
explanation says that these provisions "are without prejudice to
(unspecified) voluntary action taken by the internet industry."
Neither"voluntary" or indeed what "action" is referred to is explained.
For those who wish to see provisions of Article 52 of the Charter and
Articles 8 and 10 of the Convention respected, particularly with regard to
the need for restrictions to be based on law, the text explains that "Member
States should ensure that it provides an adequate level of legal security
and predictability to users and service providers." This wording echoes
rulings from the European Court of Human Rights interpreting the concept of
"in accordance with the law" in various existing rulings.
The final compromise text allows blocking, doesn't require blocking, allows
"voluntary" actions but does not explain what this might be, prohibits
voluntary blocking, but possibly not in an enforceable way and suggests
Member States should take action to remove the material at source, but uses
wording so weak that it is practically unenforceable.
The European Commission's Communication "Towards an EU Strategy on the
Rights of the Child" adopted in 2006 established a set of specific
objectives for the Union. - item 6 was "communicating more effectively on
children's rights". It is to be hoped that the chaotic mess that was adopted
does not effectively communicate the coherence, quality and priorities of
the European Union in this policy area.
EU Child Rights Communication
EDRi's blocking booklet
Compromise text and analysis
Proposal for a Directive on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation
of children and child pornography, repealing Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA
Impact assessment (25.03.2009)
Commissioner Malmstrvm's blog (in Swedish and English) on this issue
MOGiS (abuse survivors against internet blocking): Remove, don't block! -
Act, and don't look away!
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
4. EU-US PNR agreement found incompatible with human rights
In a note sent on 16 May 2011 to the Director-General of DG Home Affairs,
the Legal Service of the European Commission warns that the draft EU-US
agreement on the exchange of PNR data is not compatible with fundamental
The EC's lawyers found several areas of concern related to the planned
agreement. Significant issues are the proportionality of the agreement which
covers minor crimes as well, its extension to US border security "which is
not linked to the purpose of preventing terrorism or serious crime", a far
too long (15 years) data retention period for the data collected for the
agreement purpose, the lack of judicial redress for the data subjects, the
lack of "guarantee of independent oversight".
After having reviewed the present draft, the Legal Service draws the
attention over the fact that its earlier comments had not been considered in
drafting the present variant of the agreement: "all (these) comments were
already transmitted to your services in the course of the negotiations."
The Legal Service concludes that "despite certain presentational
improvements, the draft agreement does not constitute a sufficiently
substantial improvement of the agreement currently applied on a provisional
basis, the conclusion of which was refused on data protection grounds by the
European Parliament." Moreover, the use of the PNR data for US
border security is considered a step back from the point of view of data
protection. The conclusion therefore related to the agreement is that "the
Legal Service does not consider the agreement in its present form as
compatible with fundamental rights."
Hopefully this opinion may weigh in the decision of the European Parliament
which, according to the Lisbon Treaty, has the power to refuse it.
"This Agreement does not meet EU data protection standards of
proportionality or purpose limitation, nor does it provide judicial redress
to data subjects or any guarantee of independent oversight" says Tony
Bunyan, Statewatch Director who believes that it's high time EU takes
a firmer stand in the matter. "Secret Minutes of EU-US meetings since 2001
show that they have always been a one-way channel with the US setting the
agenda by making demands on the EU. When the EU does make rare requests like
on data protection, because US law only offers protection and redress to US
citizens, they are bluntly told that the US is not going to change its data
protection system".
MEP Jan Philipp Albrecht, member of the European parliament's civil
liberties committee, believes that by pushing forward this agreement, EU is
acting against its own legal advice. "The commission cannot simply continue
to stick its fingers in its ears, and it is high time that it dropped its
obsession with PNR. This means going back to the drawing board and
renegotiating the draft agreements with the US, Australia and Canada on
passenger record retention, ensuring these agreements are in line with EU
data protection law. It also means dropping the proposed legislation on the
retention of passenger data within the EU."
As regards the EU PNR proposal, this has been slammed also by the European
Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA). The Agency has issued an opinion
on the Proposal for a Directive on the use of PNR data, identifying a series
of issues regarding the compliance of the proposal with the Charter of
Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
FRA is concerned by the risk of direct discrimination related to PNR data
transmitted by air carriers, which may include sensitive or special data.
"It would therefore be useful to introduce a prohibition on the transmission
of such data by air carriers."
Regarding the limitation of fundamental rights covered by the proposal, FRA
is concerned by the vagueness of several formulations and believes the
explanatory memorandum of the proposal "does not sufficiently substantiate
the necessity of the limitation for all crimes covered," and that "the
necessity and proportionality of the PNR system would need to be
For the compliance with the right to protection of personal data, FRA
suggests the control should be provided by fully independent supervisory
authorities that "can take action on their own initiative to protect
proactively and effectively the interests of data subjects and have
sufficient resources to do so in practice."
European Commission's Legal Service says EU-USA PNR agreement is "not
compatible with fundamental rights" (03.06.2011)
Observatory on the exchange of data on passengers (PNR) with USA
Air passenger data plans in US-EU agreement are illegal, say lawyers
Opinion of the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA) on the
Proposal for a Directive on the use of Passenger Name Record (PNR) data for
the prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution of terrorist
offences and serious crime (COM(2011) 32 final) (14.06.2011)
5. High level discussions on online tracking
A meeting organised jointly by the University of Berkeley and the Institute
for Information Law of the University of Amsterdam drew together an
outstanding collection of international experts, NGOs and industry
representatives to discuss online tracking protection and browsers.
Information Society Commissioner Neelie Kroes opened the event where she
brandished the "stick" of strict enforcement of the e-Privacy Directive if
industry did not accept the "carrot" of self-regulation to achieve
compliance. She described as "encouraging" the EASA and IAB Best Practice
Recommendation, which uses a tiny icon to alert users to the fact that they
are being tracked and profiled and being delivered advertising designed to
match that profile - using a cookie as an opt-out mechanism.
She pointed out that tracking is far more than cookies and can be done via
browser fingerprinting and add-ons. She therefore called on the advertising
industry to come up with a "do not track" (DNT) standard that "must be rich
enough for users to know exactly what compliant companies do with their
information and for me to be able to say to industry: if you implement this,
then I can assume you comply with your legal obligations under the ePrivacy
Directive." She challenged the industry to come up with such a standard
within twelve months.
Commissioner Kroes' speech was followed by one from Federal Trade
Commissioner Julie Brill. She provided an overview of the current US
thinking and policy development. She said that her thinking was driven by
three key concepts - the need for privacy by design, the need for simplified
choice and the need for increased transparency. Regarding a DNT standard,
she said it needed to be easy to use, effective, universal, had to cover
collection as well as use of data and had to represent a persistent choice.
The final point was clearly an issue due to at least one case in the US
where an "opt-out" offered by an online company only lasted several days.
Commissioner Brill expressed particular concern about the situation in the
mobile market. She said that, of the top 30 mobile apps, 22 did not have a
privacy policy and those that did have a policy, did not make them
particularly easy to find.
The third policy-maker to speak was Robert Madelin, Director General of DG
Information Society of the European Commission. He acknowledged and welcomed
the G8 approach that Internet regulation needed to be convergent and
interoperable. He described his minimum criteria for the creation of
self-regulatory systems, the basis of which comes from a document produced
when Mr Madelin was Director General of the Health and Consumer Protection
Directorate General of the Commission. Key points which he stresses are
clear goals from the outset, involvement of all relevant stakeholders from
the outset and clear metrics for the measurement of results.
The remainder of the meeting consisted mainly of very high-level panel
discussions and a fascinating insight into the extent of online tracking,
the technologies used and the main companies involved by Ashkan Soltani.
Self-regulation principles
Ashkan Soltani
Event website
IAB/EASA Best practice guideline
Do Not Track: The Regulators' Challenge
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
6. New draft law for data retention in Romania
The Romanian Ministry of Information Society and Communication (MCSI)
submitted, for public comments, on 23 June 2011, a new draft law for the
implemention of the EU data retention directive, after the Romanian
Constitutional Court decided on 7 October 2009 that the Romanian law was
The explanation for the new text is merely a copy&paste from former
documents. The new text just adds that this law was necessary because the
European Commission has initiated a new action of infringement (letter
C(2011) 4111 dated 16 June 2011) in the case 2011/2089 for not implementing
the data retention directive.
Although the explanation of the Ministry is that the new text is compliant
with the decision of the Constitutional Court and the ECHR jurisprudence,
the text of the draft law is nothing else than a copycat of the former law
298/2008, that has been already declared unconstitutional. The only addition
that is supposed to solve this problem is the new article 13 that says the
data retention activity must fulfil the principles of same quality and
security than other data used by electronic communication providers, and of
"appropriate technical and organisational measures" for not losing or
abusing the data (without making any reference to what that might mean in
Instead, the present text is in fact vaguer than the initial law that
was declared unconstitutional. The procedure to access the data has been
deleted, just saying that the data might be accessed under the conditions of
the "Penal procedure code and other special laws". Only that the current
Penal procedure code does not foresee any procedure in this respect and, at
least this moment, there are no special laws on the subject.
Also the right to access the data can now be exerted by any "judicial
authorities" and "authorities with attributions for national security and
safety", which was a vagueness of the text already criticized by the
Constitutional Court.
Ionut Negrescu, the deputy general secretary in the MCSI claims that the
Romanian authorities have been working for 1 year and a half in a working
group led by the Ministry of Justice together with the MCSI, Ministry of
Internal Affairs and Department of European Affairs. However, MCSI refused
to admit even the existence of such a group, despite several questions
publicly addressed by the civil society since 2010. Also, there was no
public statement on this matter during all this period.
At the same time, Negrescu admits that MCSI is in a deadlock: "The
Constitutional Court says you may not retain for 6 months the traffic data
of a person that is not under penal investigation and we were retaining all
citizens' data. On the other hand, this is against the EU directive, which
asks to retain this data for a minimum of 6 months. Here, we are in a
Basically, between respecting human rights and the Constitutional Court
decision and following the opinions of the European Commission, the Romanian
Government choose the latter.
Five civil society NGOs, including EDRi-member ApTI, have asked for a public
debate on the subject organized by MCSI, claiming that the current text is
still unconstitutional. So far, no official reaction from MCSI has been
Draft law on data retention (only in Romanian, 23.06.2011)
Reasoing for the draft law on data retention (only in Romanian, 23.06.2011)
5 NGOs warn that the new Big Brother draft law is still unconstitutional
(only in Romanian, 28.06.2011)
Romania: Data retention law declared unconstitutional (21.10.2008)
Decision of the Romanian Constitutional Court (8.10.2009)
7. UK: Copyright holders ask for website blocking
According to some leaked reports, copyright holders seem to have proposed
during a roundtable with UK Government representatives, ISPs
and others on 15 June 2011, plans that could lead to the blocking of
websites that allegedly host copyright infringing material.
Apparently, the Rightsholder Group' plans include a voluntary website
blocking scheme that would involve "expedited court procedures" letting an
"expert body" decide if websites that host copyright-infringing material
should be blocked, meaning that lobby groups might decide on website
The leaked document would make reference to a "balance" between evidence and
speed of action, no analysis seems to exist on how the blocking will be done
or on the effect of such measures, no clear or comprehensive definitions of
what content will be considered blockable seem to be mentioned.
"The objective is to establish a system that protects a copyright owner's
property rights by substantially inhibiting infringement while protecting
the legitimate interests of consumers, site operators and service
providers, including (where relevant) access to services and information and
freedom of expression," says the leaked document.
The meeting where the document was presented was closed to copyrights group
and only Consumer Focus attended it, as the official "consumer" watchdog.
Consumer Focus's opinion is that blocking is no solution: "Consumers'
willingness to, or preference for, watching football games online and on
mobile devices will not diminish because access to unlicensed websites is
According to Consumer Focus, the copyright holders propose that, after the
"expert body" has decided that copyright infringement evidence submitted  by
copyright holders is valid and that website blocking is appropriate, the
Applications Court of the High Court issues permanent injunctions against
the respective websites. "These proposals are a significant regulatory
intervention and require at the very least significant changes to the Civil
Procedure Rules. As such they should be publicly consulted on and evidence
based," says Consumer Focus.
EDRi-member Open Rights Group (ORG) also believes that discussions over how
to enforce online copyright infringement measures should be held in public.
"It is critical that policy making happens through a broad and open public
debate, especially on matters that so tangibly affect rights such as access
to information and freedom of expression," stated Peter Bradwell from ORG.
Rights holders' proposed voluntary website blocking scheme (22.06.2011)
Secret website blocking proposals presented to Ed Vaizey (21.06.2011)
Leaked proposals detail copyright holders' website blocking code plans
Ed Vaizey website blocking roundtable (15.06.2011)
BT wary of rights holders' site-blocking proposal (23.06.2011)
8. No anonymous Internet usage in Denmark?
A working group at the Danish Ministry of Justice is debating on a
recommendation to the Parliament. The current text suggests that people
using open wireless internet connections, e.g. at libraries, cafes, and
private companies identify themselves with a personal code. It is not yet
determined how people should be identified, but the working group considers
social security numbers, electronic digital signatures, and SMS-es.
The existing Danish implementation of the Data Retention Directive does not
require that users identify themselves, only that data such as payment
information, hardware addresses etc. are stored.
EDRi-member IT-POL see the recommendations as an attack to anonymity on the
Internet. The recommendations are not made public but they are described in
the printed edition of newspaper Politiken of 23-24 June 2011.
The recommendations were criticized by several civil society members,
including Rikke Frank Jxrgensen (Danish Institute for Human Rights), Jacob
Mchangama(think tank CEPOS) Niels Elgaard Larsen (IT-Pol), Pernille Drost
(Danish Union of Librarians) or Jon Lund (Danish Online News Association).
Spokesmen for the two government parties are also critical of the
recommendations and do not think that fighting international terrorism
mandates that Danes should be surveyed 24/7.
So there is some hope that this will not be passed by the Parliament. Last
year the Tax Authorities introduced a bill that would allow them to mirror
the hard disks of private companies. After criticism in the media, an
excellent brief by Mchangama and lack of support from the two governing
parties, the Minister of Taxation decided to postpone that bill, pending
investigations by a new committee.
You can no longer surf the web anonymously (only in Danish, 23.06.2011)
Will PET curb our freedom on the net? (only in Danish, 28.06.2011)
Criticism: New Danish monitoring plan similar to DDR (only in Danish,
No. of persons logging on public networks (only in Danish, 24.06.2011)
(Contribution by Niels Elgaard Larsen - EDRi-member IT-Pol - Denmark)
9. Traffic data fraudulently obtained by the Czech police
An inspection of the Czech Interior Ministry has revealed that police
detective Marian Hudec from Varnsdorf was gaining phone call statements
including those of President Vaclav Klaus4s closest aides as well as those
of Constitutional Court Chairman Pavel Rychetsky.
According to MfD paper, Hudec obtained the numbers of some prominent people
and wrote to the judge that he did not know the owners of the mobile
numbers, but that he was working on order and the numbers obtained were
linked to the investigation into white slave trade in his region. The judge,
however, sanctioned access to the statements.
Czech Prime Minister considered this was a serious abuse of the police and
showed failure of courts that sign whatever police submits to them. These
were traffic and location data retained under the national data retention
legislation and a procedure according to the Criminal Procedure Code was
used for the access to the respective data. Therefore this might not be an
individual mistake but rather a faulty system.
Irrespective of who's to be blamed for that, the procedure is worrying as a
private person or a firm could thus easily get hold of sensitive data on
whom and how often the high-placed people call.
Czech police was gaining phone statements of Klaus4s aides- press
10. Low level of protection for minor's privacy on social networks
Most social networks fail to provide an appropriate level of protection for
minors' privacy says a report recently published by the European Commission
on the implementation of "Safer Social Networking Principles for the EU", a
self-regulatory agreement brokered by the Commission in 2009 to keep
children safe online.
After several social networks have been tested on behalf of the European
Commission during December 2010 and January 2011, the conclusion is that
only two social networking sites (Bebo and MySpace) have default settings to
make minors' profiles accessible only to their approved list of contacts and
only 4 sites (Bebo, MySpace, Netlog and SchuelerVZ) make sure that minors
can be contacted by default by friends only.
Appropriate safety information for minors is however provided by a majority
of the 14 social networks tested, which also respond to requests for help
and prevent minors' profiles from being searched via external search
Neelie Kroes, Vice President of the European Commission for the Digital
Agenda, has shown her concern and disappointment in this matter and said she
would discuss with the companies and encourage them to use settings that
better protect the teenagers using these sites. "I am disappointed that most
social networking sites are failing to ensure that minors' profiles are
accessible only to their approved contacts by default. I will be urging them
to make a clear commitment to remedy this in a revised version of the
self-regulatory framework we are currently discussing. This is not only to
protect minors from unwanted contacts but also to protect their online
reputation. Youngsters do not fully understand the consequences of
disclosing too much of their personal lives online. Education and parental
guidance are necessary, but we need to back these up with protection until
youngsters can make decisions based on full awareness of the consequences,"
said Kroes.
A worrying fact is that even grown-ups are not very aware of how they should
protect their privacy on the online social networks. According to a recent
survey carried out by Harris Interactive on more than 2000 US adult
subjects, almost 70% of users of social networking websites say they're
concerned about security but most of them don't do much to protect
Digital Agenda: only two social networking sites protect privacy of minors'
profiles by default (21.06.2011)
Social network sites fail to protect minors: EU report (21.06.2011)
Social Networking: Survey finds gaps between user security concerns and
behavior (23.06.2011)
11. Recommended Action
Norway: Open source code for e-voting system on the Internet (10.06.2011)
12. Recommended Reading
Proposals for EU Council Decision on signing & conclusion of ACTA
Sex, Lies and Cyber-crime Surveys (06.2011)
The Entire Internet Under Governmental Censorship In France? (15.06.2011)
Anonymous Blogging with WordPress and Tor guide in Spanish (21.06.2011)
Security and Human Behaviour 2011 Workshop 2011 (17-18.06.2011)
CfP 2011 (14-16.06.2011)
13. Agenda
30 June - 1 July 2011, Berlin, Germany
OKCon 2011 - annual open knowledge conference of the Open Knowledge
1 July 2011, London, UK
The Power of Open
5-6 July 2011, Gvttingen, Germany
International Social Networking Summit
Organized by CONSENT consortium
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
24-30 July 2011, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance 2011
11 October 2011, Brussels, Belgium
ePractice Workshop: Addressing evolving needs for cross-border eGovernment
27 - 30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-03-23 22:12:02
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.6, 23 March 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.6, 23 March 2011
1. French DPA fines Google for its Street View case with 100k Euro
2. The Privacy Platform Meeting: Reding outlines the way forward
3. French ISPs explain why blocking is wrong
4. Belgian political parties suspend plans for IPR enforcement measures
5. Net Neutrality debate kicks off in UK as ISPs propose transparency code
6. Ireland: Police seek internet blocking from ISPs
7. Using new Internet tools to identify dissidents in Azerbaijan
8. Romania: draft legislation proposing website blocking
9. Loppsi 2 bill passes the French Constitutional Council test
10. Dutch court rules that WiFi hacking is legal
11. Privatised online enforcement series: A. Abandonment of the rule of law
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. French DPA fines Google for its Street View case with 100k Euro
CNIL (the French DPA - Data Protection Authority) has recently performed a
series of inspections related to the conformity with the French legislation
of Google's gathering data from Wi-Fi networks for its Google Maps, Street
View and Latitude services on France's territory.
The inspections have revealed several infringements of the law, including
the collection, through Google's Street View service cars, of WiFi data
without the knowledge of the data subjects and of content-related data such
as IDs, login details, emails and passwords.
In May 2010, CNIL formally notified Google of the infringements and,
as the company had not officially replied, on 17 March 2011, issued a
100 000 Euro fine on the company, the highest fine CNIL has applied since it
received, in 2004, the power to impose financial sanctions.
According to Google, the collection of the respective data was involuntary
and a mistake. "As soon as we realised what was going on, we have
immediately stopped our Street View cars" said Peter Fleischer,
Google's Global Privacy Counsel, who added that all the collected
data can now be deleted.
CNIL confirmed that Google stopped collecting Wi-Fi data through its "Google
cars" and deleted the collected data. However, the DPA believes that
the company has not refrained from using the data without the knowledge of
the data subjects and, moreover, has continued to gather such kind of data,
without informing the data subjects, through users' mobile terminals
connecting to the geo-location service, Latitude (smartphones, etc.).
"They were not always willing to co-operate with us, they didn't give us
all the information we asked for, like the source code of all devices in the
Google cars," said Yann Padova, CNIL's executive director who added: "They
were not always very transparent."
Google may appeal the fine in two months time.
Google Street View: CNIL pronounces a fine of 100,000 Euros (21.03.2011)
Cnil sanctions the blunder of +Google cars; (only in French, 21.03.2011)
France fines Google over Street View data blunder (21.03.2011)
EDRi-gram: Google admits it was gathering passwords and emails via
StreetView (3.09.2010)
2. The Privacy Platform Meeting: Reding outlines the way forward
On 16 March 2011, Sophie In't Veld's Privacy Platform met in the European
Parliament to discuss the state of play for the review of the data
protection directive.
The cross-party meeting was co-chaired by EU Parliament members from the
EPP, S&D, ALDE, the Greens and GUE. Speakers at the event included
Vice-President of the Commission responsible for justice, fundamental rights
and citizenship Viviane Reding and Axel Voss, German EPP member responsible
for the Communication on a comprehensive approach to data protection in the
EU in the European Parliament.
Like most meetings which aim to tackle this massive Directive, it was
difficult to narrow discussions and focus on concrete problems or possible
solutions. However, there was an emphasis on fundamental rights from many
In her keynote speech, Ms. Reding said that data protection was her "top
legislative priority", while still hinting at the idea that a Regulation
could replace the existing Directive, at least in part. She plans to enhance
control and build individual rights in four pillars:
1. The right to be forgotten. Individuals have the right to withdraw consent
to data processing, and it will be up to the data controllers to prove
the need to collect or retain personal data.
2. Greater transparency. For data subjects, the use, collection and
retention of personal data must be made clear, intelligible, easy to
understand and easy to find. She made particular reference to social
networking services and children.
3. Privacy by default. The term is different from the vaguely defined but
often cited Privacy by Design, which Reding says is more of a technical
solution. "Privacy settings often require considerable operational effort in
order to be put in place," she said, so these settings are not a
reliable indication of true consent, adding that "this needs to be changed".
4. Data protection regardless of data location. The data subject will enjoy
protection, independent of the geographical region where the data is being
collected and processed, without exception for third-party providers.
On enforcement, she cautioned that the EU would not hesitate to take action
against non-EU companies that broke EU rules on the collection and retention
of data. She proposed the establishment of national privacy watchdogs to
investigate non-EU data controllers. She declared that "a US-based social
network company that has millions of active users in Europe needs to comply
with EU rules".
Mr. Voss and Commissioner Reding seemed to have divergent views on data
protection. Where Commissioner Reding understands these rights as
fundamental principles each human being is granted under all circumstances,
Voss often questions how far data protection laws should stretch. This was
particularly apparent when discussing data protection for criminals and
anonymity and pseudonymity on the web.
Ms. In't Veld brought up the "rubber stamping" of consent, urging that the
revised Directive should address this adequately. Commissioner Reding agreed
that consent without choice cannot be considered "consent". Ensuring true
transparency and choice, she explained, is one of the components of Privacy
by Default.
A Dutch Pirate from the audience asked the panel how it planed to
realistically protect the data of EU citizens regardless of geographical
location, citing the request by the US authorities to access the Twitter
data of individuals who may be linked to Julian Assange, the founder of
WikiLeaks. Ms. In't Veld said there would soon be a meeting in the LIBE
Committee to address this issue explicitly.
Mr. Voss' working document will be published and presented in the committee
on 11 April. The vote in the committee will follow on 24 or 25 May, and the
plenary vote on 22 June 2011. In advance of this, the EPP Group in the
European Parliament will hold a hearing on 31 March - the invitation
explains that "nowadays, the debate seems to be narrowly focussed on the
perspective of consumer protection and the safeguarding of a free internet.
We think there is more to discuss!"
As for the finalised version of the Data Protection Directive, the
Commission plans to deliver it sometime in summer of 2011.
EU privacy law will extend to US social networks, vows Commissioner
Commissioner Reding's keynote speech, Your data, your rights: safeguarding
your rights in a
connected world (16.03.2011)
EPP Hearing invitation
(contribution by Raegan MacDonald - EDRi)
3. French ISPs explain why blocking is wrong
The French ISPs are being brought to court by ARJEL (the French online
gambling regulation authority) in its attempt to obtain the blocking of
access to the foreign online betting site 5Dimes.
On 17 March 2011, the court heard seven French ISPs - Orange, SFR,
Numericable, Free, Bouygues Telecom, Darty Telecom and Auchan Telecom - who
resisted Arjel's request to block the online gambling site.
Arjel was created in 2010 and given the authority to require ISPs to
block access to online betting sites alleged infringements of various
regulatory and fiscal obligations. However, ISPs are reluctant to answer
the authority's request to block 5Dimes, arguing that blocking measures are
inefficient. Furthermore, ISPs do not wish to create a dangerous precedent
by blocking a site only at the request of Arjel without a judge's decision.
5Dimes, as well as its hosting company, Costa-Rica based Instituto
Costarricense de Electricidad y Telecom (ICE), have only recently
answered the requests of the authority to apply technical measures to
block access to French users.
During the hearing at the High Court, the operators criticised Arjel's
system and pointed out the inefficiency of the measures by giving the
example of Aaargh site which, "continues to be accessible under 12 or 13
addresses", although in 2005, the High Court of Paris ordered its blocking,
a ruling supported in appeal by the decision of the Cassation Court.
The ISPs also complained about the extremely high penalty requested by Arjel
for non-compliance to its requests - 100 000 Euro/day. In their opinion, the
authority should first act against the ICE that hosts 5Dimes. For Arjel
however, website blocking at the level of ISPs is the easier solution in the
case of a site hosted outside the country.
Indeed, the ICE announced a day before the ISPs hearing, that, in order to
block access to 5Dimes for French users, it would need a decision from a
French court.
ISPs criticize the efficiency of the blocking of online betting sites (only
in French, 18.03.2011)
Online betting: the operators resists the blocking requests (only in French,
The Telecom operators rearing against the filtering of the illegal sports
betting sites (only in French, 17.03.2011)
4. Belgian political parties suspend plans for IPR enforcement measures
Following a reported flood of calls and e-mails to the parliamentarians
involved, a campaign by the digital rights group Belgian Net Users' Rights
Protection Association (NURPA) and a series of meetings between the Belgian
political parties and ISPA Belgium, the two main parties supporting
restrictive solutions for intellectual property enforcement for Belgium have
decided to suspend their efforts.
Both the Mouvement Reformateur (MR) and Socialist Party (PS) have decided -
albeit for an unspecified period - to remove their initiatives from the
parliamentary calendar. The MR is proposing Hadopi-like measures while the
PS strategy has been to abandon the rule of law and force Internet service
providers to block internet websites.
The MR and PS now appear to have reached the conclusion that a more
defensible methodology will be to organise a comprehensive review of all of
the issues at stake, including the issue of lack of access to legal content
in the right format and price. This is now seen as preferable to focus
solely on repression, in an environment where large sections of the
population see the legal framework as illegitimate.
The increasing reticence of Belgian politicians on this point may not be
hugely surprising. The initial push came from the outlandish promises made
for HADOPI in France which seduced politicians into believing that this
blunt approach might actually work. In January the Union of Independent
French Phonographic Producers issued a statement that HADOPI had no
perceptible impact on the French market - with market figures exactly in
line with comparable European economies where draconian, repressive measures
were not imposed. It is hardly surprising, therefore, that Belgian
politicians are increasingly reticent to launch a policy which has no
perceptible advantages for anyone and which causes such damage to both
fundamental rights and to the perceived legitimacy of the legal framework
for intellectual property.
The next stages of the process are not yet clear, as it will be heavily
influenced by political developments in the world-record breaking attempts
to form a government. The entire political process in Belgium is struggling
to cope with ongoing political impasse, with two failed elections already
and a third one likely to strike the country any time over the next few
Music: Independant producers want to debate the support measures (only in
French, 18.01.2011)
Belgian Net Users' Rights Protection Association
ISPA Belgium
EDRi-gram: Four strikes law returns to Belgium (9.03.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
5. Net Neutrality debate kicks off in UK as ISPs propose transparency code
Minister Ed Vaizey met with Internet service providers, Internet platforms
and citizen groups including the EDRi-member Open Rights Group on 16 March
2011 to discuss network discrimination.
The positive outcome is that Tim Berners-Lee, who was at the meeting, will
work with the ISPs "Broadband Stakeholders Group" on their new code. The
ISPs themselves however did not feel any need to limit their ability to
engage in network discrimination, arguing that market forces would prevent
any serious problems from emerging. Others emphasised the difficulty in
switching services which would limit the ability of the market to correct
itself, and that mobile broadband suffered severe problems with little sign
that anti-competitive behaviour was about to change.
Ed Vaizey's Net neutrality roundtable with Tim Berners Lee (16.03.2011)
(Contribution by Jim Killock -EDRi member Open Rights Group - UK)
6. Ireland: Police seek internet blocking from ISPs
A leaked letter from the Irish police force to ISPs has revealed demands
that Irish ISPs should implement internet blocking. The letter - dated
December 2010 but made publicly available only now - shows that Irish police
have requested ISPs to implement a system of blocking with no legislative
basis or judicial oversight, in which sites alleged to contain child
pornography will be designated by the police.
In a particularly worrying development, the letter also reveals police
demands that the proposed system should be used as a surveillance tool, so
that the police "would obtain details of other sites visited by the user,
along with other technical details, in order that [they] can identify any
new websites that require blocking".
Irish ISPs have been critical of this initiative and see it as an attempt to
bypass industry bodies such as the ISPAI by putting pressure directly on
individual ISPs:
"ISPs are concerned that this is a unilateral action by Garda with no
legislative basis. At least one ISP has told the Garda that negotiation
about the system should be done with a representative body such as telecoms
group Alternative Operators in the Communications Market (Alto) or the
Internet Service Providers Association of Ireland rather than dealing with
individual service providers."
Digital Rights Ireland has also criticised the move as promoting a failed
model of blocking which has been shown by experience elsewhere to be
ineffective, while at the same time acting as a distraction from attempts to
remove material at source. It has also argued that any attempt to introduce
such a model in Ireland would require - at a minimum - primary legislation
and judicial oversight.
Garda bid to block sites raises concerns (18.03.2011)
Leaked letter from Gardai (police) to Irish ISPs (28.12.2010)
EDRi-gram: Internet blocking plans in Ireland (21.04.2010)
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
7. Using new Internet tools to identify dissidents in Azerbaijan
As freedom activists have increased their activity on Facebook, the Azeri
government has also increased its attention and surveillance of social
networks. According to Azadliq newspaper, for instance, in June 2010,
pro-government youth were encouraged to join Facebook with the purpose to
expose those with online links to contacts in "enemy" nations.
According to the international hacking group Anonymous, Virginia-based
consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton is developing software that is used
against dissidents in several countries, including Azerbaijan. The group,
which claims it holds documents and e-mails to prove its allegations, states
the respective software, which has led to the arrest of pro-democracy
dissidents in Azerbaijan, creates "armies of fake people" through social
networks like Facebook, identifying dissidents with anonymous profiles.
"We know the U.S. Air Force and the Pentagon asked for it, we do know that
Booz Allen and Aaron Barr (of HBGary) bid for the contract, we've got
confirmation from Booz Allen themselves that the software exists" stated one
member of Anonymous.
The software has at its basis a proposal from the Office of Air Mobility
Command of the U.S. Air Force, asking for 50 user licenses for software that
would allow 10 personas per user. The US Central Command (Centcom),
which oversees US armed operations in the Middle East and Central Asia, has
contracted such software. The contract stipulates that each fake online
persona must have a convincing background, history and supporting details,
and that the 50 US-based controllers should be able to operate false
identities from their workstations "without fear of being discovered by
sophisticated adversaries".
"The technology supports classified blogging activities on foreign-language
websites to enable Centcom to counter violent extremist and enemy propaganda
outside the US," stated Centcom spokesman Commander Bill Speaks who added
that the interventions would not be in English but in Arabic, Farsi, Urdu
and Pashto. Further, the project was not targeting any US-based web sites,
in English or any other language, and most specifically, was not targeting
Facebook or Twitter.
Whether Anonymous' allegations related to software used to track down
dissidents in various countries is true or not, the fact that the US
military is developing false online personalities is extremely disturbing
and could create a dangerous precedent. Other governments, private companies
and non-government organisations might wish to do the same. And, while in
the US persona management is illegal, there are other countries where such
procedures might not be forbidden by the law.
Azerbaijan: Anonymous says Big Brother might be watching you (19.03.2011)
Anonymous To Release Documents Showing 'Virtual Armies' Used To Identify
Dissidents (16.03.2011)
Revealed: US spy operation that manipulates social media (17.03.2011)
8. Romania: draft legislation proposing website blocking
Some ministries in the Romanian government seem to ignore or not even
consider the arguments against Internet blocking, as they are proposing new
legislation meant to allow enforcement authorities to impose blocking
obligations on Internet service providers.
One draft law initiated by the Government and currently debated within the
Parliament is aimed at reviewing the existing legislation on pornography.
While the law in force stipulates that the persons creating pornographic
websites may allow access to these websites only after users pay "a tax per
minute of usage" (while in reality there is no such a tax foreseen by
fiscal authorities), the draft law introduces new obligations: a warning
regarding the content must be placed on the website's home page or
a verification of the age of the potential users.
The draft law gives the competent authority (the Ministry of Communications
and Information Society) the mandate to control the enforcement of the
obligations imposed by law, and, in case of non-compliance, to require
service providers to block access to the websites or content for a
period of up to 30 days. Providers would have to implement the blocking
measure within two days following the request of the authority. The Ministry
that initiated the project did not reply to any comments on the draft law
and refused to take into consideration the only implementation of the law in
force, when in December 2008, ISPs were asked to block 40 allegedly illegal
websites. The blocking order was sent to only 5-6 ISPs out of the almost
1000 on the market, where the authority implementing the law by claiming
that they had already covered 90% of the
Internet access market.
Besides the fact that the idea of a tax per minute of usage is practically
irrelevant for any Internet service, the draft law contains many other
flaws. Firstly, it is not clear to what type of service providers the
blocking obligation would apply to, since there are many similar terms used
in the law: "service providers as defined by the Romanian law on electronic
commerce" (i.e. information society service providers), "providers of
services for Internet", "service provider". Secondly, although the competent
authority is able to request providers to block access to websites or to
content, sanctions would be imposed only if they do not comply with the
request to block access to websites. Thirdly, there is a provision according
to which service providers would be held responsible if they offer links to
pornographic websites. This provision is not only confusing, since it does
not specify the type of service providers it refers to, but also redundant
since a similar provision already exists in the E-commerce law.
The "web blocking solution" is also included in another draft law, a
Governmental decision regarding the organisation and operation of gambling
websites. According to this draft decision, the competent bodies would be
able to require Internet providers to block websites identified as
being used to provide access to unlicensed gambling sites or to market
activities regarding gambling sites or related activities and services that
are not authorized under Romanian law. However the law does not provide any
obligation (or sanction) for the ISPs to comply with that decision. This
draft decision, which was never discussed with the ISPs, is only a secondary
legislation that should only implement a law (OUG 77/2009), which, again,
does not foresee blocking as a possible measure or any obligations for ISPs.
What the two draft legal acts have in common is a misunderstanding while
the Internet industry and human rights organisations were never consulted on
the matter- that website blocking is either the only, or the most
efficient solution for dealing with problems related to the illegal
activities undertaken via websites.
The measure to block websites is even more ludicrous when Romania has no
legal or practical system in place for blocking illegal content (i.e. child
pornography) and the Ministry of Justice representatives rejected this
measure in the European Council. However the measure could be adopted for
legal, but harmful content (such as pornography).
Websites blocking measures to be adopted in Romania (only in
EDRi-gram: Romanian Authority asks ISPs to block 40 pornographic websites
Stop(ped) web blocking (14.02.2011)
(Contribution by Sorina Teleanu - EDRi-member ApTI - Romania)
9. Loppsi 2 bill passes the French Constitutional Council test
On 10 March 2011, the French Constitutional Council issued its decision on
the LOPPSI 2 law considering 13 of its articles as unconstitutional but
ruling that the controversial article 4, allowing the censoring of the
Internet under the pretext of fighting child pornography, was not in
contradiction with the Constitution.
The court failed to protect freedom of expression by not striking out
the infamous article 4 presented in the noble light of the fight against
online child pornography: "This decision about article 4 is a great
disappointment. It is obvious that Internet censorship will not help solve
the child pornography problem in any way, as experiments in other countries
have shown. After HADOPI's Internet access suspension measures, calls to
ban WikiLeaks hosting and recent talks against Net Neutrality, France is
siding ever more within the group of countries hostile to a free Internet by
adopting administrative filtering of the Internet", stated Jirimie
Zimmermann, co-founder and spokesperson for La Quadrature du Net.
According to Filix Triguer, policy and legal analyst of La Quadrature du
Net, the hope now lies in the hands of the European institutions. "The EU
Parliament is currently trying to supervise blocking measures adopted at the
national level, which could impede their implementation in France. Moreover,
administrative Net filtering seems contrary to the European Convention on
Human Rights, and one can expect an appeal before European judges"
Having in view the censoring legislation it has lately adopted, such as
Hadopi and Loppsi 2 laws which introduce Internet blocking and excessive
surveillance measures, France has found its place on the list of countries
with a high level of surveillance, as determined by Reporters without
The Loppsi 2 law was promulgated by the French President and published in
the Official Journal on 15 March 2011.
Loppsi 2 promulgated (only in French, 15.03.2011)
Decision no. 2011-625 DC of the Constitutional Council on the Law of
orientation and programming for the interior security performance (only in
French, 10.03.2011)
Text of the Loppsi 2 (only in French, 15.03.2011)
French Constitutional Council Validates Internet Censorship (11.03.2011)
France the enemy of the Internet? No, but a country to survey according to
RSF (only in France, 14.03.2011)
World day against cyber-censorship (12.03.2011)
France: Loppsi 2 adopted - Internet filtering without court order
10. Dutch court rules that WiFi hacking is legal
A Dutch court in The Hague has recently ruled that by-passing an
encrypted router and using its WiFi connection does not infringe Dutch
The decision of the court comes in relation to the case of a young man
having posted a threat on an Internet message board by using a WiFi
connection he had hacked into. Although the student was convicted for
posting the threatening message and sentenced to 20 hours of community
service, he was acquitted of the WiFi hacking charges.
The court considered that the student had not obtained access to the
computer connected to the router, but only used the router which, in the
terms of Dutch legislation, is legal as only breaking into a computer is
In The Netherlands, a computer is defined as a machine that is used for data
storage, processing and transmission. Therefore, a router cannot be
considered a computer because it is only used for data transferring or
processing and not storing. Hence, hacking a device that is not a computer
is legal and cannot be prosecuted in the court of law..
Therefore, actions such as piggybacking on open Wi-Fi networks in places
such as bars and hotels, which in some countries is considered illegal and
can be fined, cannot, according to the Dutch court decision, be prosecuted
in The Netherlands.
The Dutch Attorney General has appealed the verdict and the High Court
of The Netherlands will review the case within two years to
rule on whether a router can be defined as a computer under Dutch law.
It is also possible that the law might be updated in the meantime.
Dutch Court Rules WiFi Hacking Is Now Legal (19.03.2011)
Judge: wifi hacking network of neighbors may be done (only in Dutch,
11. Privatised online enforcement series: A. Abandonment of the rule of law
This is the first in a series of articles looking at the development of
processes for cajoling, obliging or coercing online economic operators to
police the Internet. This first article examines the scale of this trend.
Most western democracies either actively or passively recognise that they
are based on the "rule of law" and protection of fundamental rights is
normally provided within this framework.
In the EU, for example, the rule of law is affirmed four times in the Treaty
on European Union. It is "confirmed" in the preamble of the Treaty and
restated in Article 6. The EU also places an obligation on itself to
contribute to the objective of consolidating "democracy and the rule of law"
in its development policy (Article 177) and common foreign and security
policy (Article 11). Furthermore, the European Convention on Fundamental
Rights and the Charter of Fundamental Rights place obligations on EU Member
States and on the Commission (ratification of the ECHR is pending) that
restrictions to freedoms must be based on law. The 2003 Interinstitutional
Agreement on better lawmaking which was agreed between the Commission,
Parliament and Council further requires in Article 17 that self-regulation
must respect criteria of representativeness of the parties involved and
"will not be applicable where fundamental rights or important political
options are at stake".
All of these obligations have not prevented the European Commission from:
- Launching a "dialogue" with industry on filesharing, which included
proposals from the European Commission on "voluntary" mass filtering of
networks by ISPs;
- Launching a "dialogue" with industry on "voluntary" deletion of websites
accused of containing unlawful material (unless the Internet provider is
convinced the site is legal);
- Launching a dialogue on punishments to be meted out by online trading
platforms against traders accused of counterfeiting;
- Launching a funding proposal for "self-regulatory" blocking of websites
accused of containing illegal content;
- Agreeing on a text promoting online policing of copyright by Internet
providers in the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement;
- Launching a dialogue with the US Federal Bureau of Investigations on
"voluntary" deletion of websites and removal of IP address from ISPs abroad;
- Promoting a reduction in privacy in favour of intellectual property rights
in the Commission Communication on enforcement of intellectual property
- Agreeing on a global filtering of mobile Internet access with European GSM
Operators, in the absence of an identified problem and, in the three years
since the agreement was reached, any assessment of its impact;
- Agreeing on a text in the EU/Korea Free Trade Agreement which risks
removing core aspects of ISP liability safe harbours, increasing the
liklihood of ISPs feeling the need to take pre-emptive punitive measures
against consumers suspected of illegal activity;
- Financially supporting an initiative to block funding to websites accused
of illegal activity (the model used by Mastercard to block funding to
Wikileaks and by Visa to block funding to websites accused of facilitating
copyright infringement).
In addition, there are other projects elsewhere in the world and globally,
such as the US-led "trans-pacific partnership" and the OECD project on the
role of ISPs in achieving public policy objectives.
In the next instalment of this series, we will look at some case studies of
existing privatised enforcement measures to assess the dangers of these
2003 Interinstitutional Agreement:
Treaty on European Union:
European Convention on Human Rights:
Charter of Fundamental Rights:
Dialogue on dissemination of illegal online content:
Filesharing project:
ACTA consolidated text:
Commission funding proposal:
IPR Enforcement Directive Communication:
Mobile blocking of allegedly illegal content:
OECD project on ISPs and public policy objectives:
Charter of fundamental rights:
EDRi study on "self-regulation":
Trans-pacific partnership:
OECD project:
Blocking of payments:
EU/Korea Free Trade Agreement:
(Contributon by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12. Recommended Reading
Media Piracy in Emerging Economies is the first independent, large-scale
study of music, film and software piracy in emerging economies, with a focus
on Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico and Bolivia.
German statistics prove telecommunications data retention superfluous
13. Agenda
27-29 March 2011, Ghent, Belgium
Online content: policy and regulation for a global market
28 March 2011, Paris, France
5th European eAccessbility Forum: Benefits and costs of e-accessibility
1 April 2011, Bielefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
7-8 April 2011, Amsterdam, Netherlands
European Legal Network Conference "Free Software law for the next ten years"
15-17 April 2011, Berlin, Germany
Re:publica XI: Conference about blogs, social media and the digital society
5-6 May 2011, Milano, Italy
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - public conference
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 29 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-05-04 21:06:33
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.9, 4 May 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.9, 4 May 2011
1. The "Virtual Schengen Border" or "Great Firewall of Europe"
2. European Commission stumbles in ACTA opinion rebuttal
3. Facebook takes down activist groups' profiles
4. Don't use "crispy" on the Turkish Internet!
5. Data Retention has arrived in Austria
6. Copyright complaint leads to public domain music library takedown
7. The curious case of Internet filtering in Ireland
8. French Digital Council with no representative from Internet users
9. BitTorrent site blocked by Italian court
10. Privatised enforcement series D: Anatomy of a self-regulation proposal
11. ENDitorial: Defending the Open Internet
12. Recommended Action
13. Recommended Reading
14. Agenda
15. About
1. The "Virtual Schengen Border" or "Great Firewall of Europe"
During a meeting in February 2011 of the Council of the European Union's Law
Enforcement Work Party (LEWP), a forum for cooperation on issues such as
counter terrorism, customs and fraud, a disturbing proposal was tabled to
create a "Great Firewall of Europe" by blocking "illicit" web material at
the borders of the bloc with the intention to "to propose concrete measures
towards creating a single secure European cyberspace."
According to the proposal, the secure European cyberspace would have a
"virtual Schengen border" and "virtual access points" whereby "the Internet
Service Providers would block illicit contents on the basis of the EU
Some of the concerns raised by civil liberty groups are that there is no
clarification as to what this "illicit content" means and that innocent
sites are routinely included on such blacklists. Broadband providers are
very concerned by this proposal which would actually impose Europe-wide
censorship and believe that illegal content should be removed at the source
by the cooperation between the police and web hosting firms and not by
network blocking which, being easy to circumvent, is no real solution.
"Most absurd of all, despite all of the costs in terms of democracy, freedom
of speech and even the economy, there is no analysis of any benefit or
expected benefit that, even mistakenly, the architects of this madness
expect to outweigh the cost", stated EDRi Advocacy Coordinator Joe McNamee.
Alarm over EU 'Great Firewall' proposal (29.04.2011)
Europe's 'single secure cyberspace' plan under attack (2.05.2011)
Outcome of proceedings of Joint meeting of the Law Enforcement Working Party
and the Customs Cooperation Working Party on 17 February 2011- Summary of
discussions (3.03.2011)
2. European Commission stumbles in ACTA opinion rebuttal
Last week, the European Commission posted a rebuttal to a widely cited
opinion document by prominent European academics on the Anti-
Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA). The Commission however made
several factual errors in its rebuttal, according to an analysis by
Ante Wessels of the Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructures
(FFII). In some cases, the Commission even appears to have forgotten
its own prior statements on ACTA.
In their opinion document, the European academics noted several
incompatibilities between ACTA and the EU acquis, in addition to
serious concerns on fundamental rights, data protection and a lack of
balance of interests. They called upon the European Parliament and on
national legislators and governments to withhold consent of ACTA until
these concerns were addressed.
The Commission has now published a point-by-point rebuttal of this
opinion document. In general, it claims that most concerns of the
academics do not apply because a number of ACTA provisions are
optional, or because EU legislation already contains similar measures.
Ante Wessels of the FFII disagrees with the Commission. Stating that
it "is too much work to address all the flaws in the Commission's
notes", he limits his remarks to three topics.
1. His first comments are related to the awarded damages. The EU
directive 2004/48, also known as IPRED, both in general and in detail,
specifies that awarded damages can only be based on unfair
profits by the infringer and on actual losses incurred by the
rightholder. ACTA concurs in general, but goes further by stating that
judicial authorities must also be able to consider additional elements
such as the suggested retail price.
In other words, under IPRED, a judge would be hard-pressed to award
Microsoft 130 Euro in damages for patent infringement per copy of Linux
downloaded. After all, not every such download replaced the sale of a
Windows copy. On the other hand, ACTA does mandate the possibility of
such a decision. It thereby forces the reasoning by the music sector
that every infringement corresponds to a lost sale to be codified in
law for all industries.
The Commission however sees no conflict between ACTA and IPRED,
because it considers both ways to arrive at awarded damages as "fair".
Let this reasoning henceforth be known as "the European fairness
doctrine of legal equivalence". Furthermore, the Commission claims
that considering the retail price and the value of infringed goods or
services is optional in ACTA. As Mr Wessels notes, it seems to have
missed that ACTA does require providing for these possibilities in
law. They are only optional in the sense that nobody will hold a gun
to the rightholders' heads forcing them to ask the judicial
authorities to take these additional elements into account.
2. The second discussion point centres around border measures. The
academics noted that ACTA requires border measures for a broad
category of trademark infringements, while present EU legislation only
does so in case of "counterfeit goods". The Commission denies this
point by stating that it actually insisted on the much broader ACTA
definition, in order to give the EU more flexibility when reviewing
the applicable EU legislation. Mr Wessels does not understand this
reasoning, given that ACTA lays down minimum requirements rather than
maxima. As a result, the EU will have to broaden the scope of its
relevant legislation to comply with ACTA, and the Commission takes
explicit credit for this achievement in its attempted rebuttal of that
exact same statement.
The Commission also argues that illegitimate claims of trademark
infringements do not pose problems for the generic medicines industry,
even though the Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs has stated the
opposite in the past. Finally, the Commission also tries to calm fears
over patent-based border seizures, by noting that civil remedies to
patent-related issues are optional in ACTA. Mr Wessels remarks that it
is possible to opt out of civil remedies to patent-related issues, but
that the Commission has already publicly confirmed that, unlike the
US, they will not take advantage of this option.
3. The final observations are about the criminal measures in ACTA. The
Commission says that it can consent without any problems to the ACTA
criminal measures, because they will not require changes to EU
legislation. It compares the ACTA situation to the TRIPS agreement,
but Mr Wessels notes that the Community never signed on to the TRIPS
criminal measures exactly because it was not competent to do so.
Instead, only the individual member states ratified the TRIPS criminal
measures. In case of ACTA, the Community is not competent either as
far as criminal measures are concerned, but the Commission
nevertheless did agree to them rather than leaving it solely to the
member states.
In summary, even though the Commission has had over three months to
analyse the opinion by the academics and formulate a reply, it appears
that the said reply was hastily written and poorly vetted before it was
published. The Commission's comments ignore prior statements made by
the Commission itself, focus on misreadings of the ACTA text and
suggest a lack of awareness concerning EU competency. The European
Parliament however still has to decide on whether or not to give its
assent to the proposed agreement before it can be ratified.
The EU Commission lacks basic reading skills (1.05.2011)
Comments on the "Opinion of European Academics on Anti-Counterfeiting Trade
Agreement" (27.04.2011)
Opinion of European Academics on ACTA (20.01.2011)
(contribution by Jonas Maebe - volunteer with the EDRi-member Liga voor
Mensenrechten, Belgium)
3. Facebook takes down activist groups' profiles
Facebook has just deleted about 50 UK activist groups' profiles and users'
accounts without any notification to the owners of the accounts.
While the reasons are not very clear, a possible explanation being that the
respective groups have technically breached their terms and conditions by
using a "profile" rather than a "page", there are suspicions that Facebook
might have acted after a law enforcement complaint and the purge could
be linked to the wider crackdown on protest by authorities in Britain.
In any case, Facebook's action is questionable especially as the platform
performed the takedowns without any notification. Facebook exercises a
significant power over political activity and speech.
EDRi-member Open Rights Group asks Facebook to responsibly correct the
situation by contacting the users of the deleted accounts and working with
them to transfer their contacts and other information to the format that
Facebook considers appropriate to reinstate the suspended pages (with the
technical changes such as addition of organisation URLs), to create a
notification system rather than directly deleting accounts and to put in
place a process to migrate from a "profile" to a "page".
Facebook did react and has lately notified a number of profile owners about
migrating their profile to a page, as it does have such a process.
But the idea is that we should be able to understand the risks of using such
powerful platforms as Facebook and that the lack of alternatives will only
lead to increasing their power and to a gradual limitation of our autonomy
and power. A solution would be to use self-hosted, open source platforms in
order to avoid reliance upon corporate power structures.
A number of people from the groups that had their accounts deleted have just
signed up to the experimental Diaspora, through independent co-operating
"pods" like My Seed.
Diaspora, just like other open source social platforms, is intended as a
network of independent servers, each hosting some users, who can move
between them, and talk to people using other servers. Although only at its
beginnings, this approach may lead to decentralised, privacy-friendly and
censorship resistant platforms.
Corporations may not protect your free speech and privacy (1.05.2011)
FaceBook Takedowns
Facebook political takedowns: Burying bad news? (29.04.2011)
Over 50 political accounts deleted in Facebook purge (29.04.2011)
4. Don't use "crispy" on the Turkish Internet!
The Turkish Telecommunication Communication Presidency (TIB) has reached an
unprecedented level of censorship by recently banning 138 words and terms
from the Internet, many of which being simple, every-day words.
On 28 April 2011, TIB sent a notification to all service providers and
hosting companies in Turkey with the list of banned words and terms that
included words like "animal", "sister-in-law", "crispy", "confession",
"breath", "hot", "adult" or "local", placing thus sites of supermarkets,
restaurants, food home delivery, football supporters' clubs and others in
"Providing a list and urging companies to take action to ban sites that
contain the words and threatening to punish them if they don't has no legal
grounds," stated Yaman Akdeniz, a cyber-rights activist and a law professor
at Istanbul Bilgi University, in a phone interview for the H|rriyet Daily
News & Economic Review.
Akdeniz required information and documents from TIB on several issues in
relation to the list, arguing that such documents were of public interest
according to Article 1 of Law No. 4982 that stipulates "the right to
information according to the principles of equality, impartiality and
openness that are the necessities of a democratic and transparent
Based on Article 5 of the law, "the hosting company is not responsible for
controlling the content of the websites it provides domains to or
researching/exploring on whether there is any illegal activity or not. They
are responsible for removing illegal content when they are informed and
there is the technical possibility of doing so", said the expert.
Following the strong reaction against TIB's action, the authority said the
list had been sent to hosting firms for informatory purposes. However, the
notification letter said the authority would punish companies for not
following its directions to ban domains containing "forbidden words,"
without specifying what kind of punishment it meant.
Devrim Demirel, founder and chief executive officer of BerilTech, said he
had received TIB's letter via an email, which, in his opinion, was neither
ethical nor secure. "Requests with such important implications should be
sent officially to each company's office address, with the respective seal
and signatures," said Demirel who also believes that "banning access to
websites is in itself a censoring service."
Moreover, Demirel warned about the negative technical implications and
expressed his opinion that "the TIB personnel who worked on the issues
related to banning access are not endowed with the necessary technical
knowledge and skills."
The financial implications should be considered as well. Banning access to
certain domains that include the black-listed terms might lead to financial
losses. "There is no guarantee in the existing related legislation that I
will not be asked to compensate the company in such a case," said Demirel.
Pushing things even further, the list does not include only Turkish terms
but also English words because of their meanings in Turkish, such as "pic,"
short for picture, which is banned because it means "bastard" in Turkish or
the past tense of the verb "get" because "got" means "butt" in Turkish.
138 Words Banned from the Internet (29.04.2011)
TIB's 'forbidden words list' inconsistent with law, say Turkish web
providers (29.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: Turkey adds popular blogging platform to blocking list
5. Data Retention has arrived in Austria
While the Czech Constitutional Court has recently declared the national data
retention legislation unconstitutional, the Legal Services of the German
Bundestag has found it impossible to ensure the legality of the Data
Retention Directive and the European Commission itself still struggles to
prove the necessity and proportionality of the Directive, the Austrian
Parliament adopted on 28 April 2011 the pending regulations necessary for
the implementation of the EU Data Retention Directive in Austria.
In the respective parliamentary session, the Coalition Government primarily
planned to celebrate some new ministers following a government reshuffle
within the conservative party (VVP). However, the debate on the data
retention legislation was set on the agenda later in the evening when the
live TV coverage had already ended. This plan to hide the issue from the
public was evaded by the opposition by raising a so-called objection debate,
i.e. a MP asked for the deletion of the topic from the agenda - an issue
that has to be discussed first.
This means that interested citizens got the chance to follow the hot debate
live on their TV screens: While the opposition again raised concerns about
the compatibility with fundamental rights and accused the ruling parties
(SPV - social democrats and VVP - conservatives) of spying on the citizens,
the government dug their heels in and refused any compromise. Minister of
infrastructure Doris Bures (SPV) - in charge of the necessary amendment of
the telecoms regulations - argued that she was just executing EU provisions
and the implementation was necessary to avoid EU sanctions.
Furthermore, she claimed the implementation of the EU directive would cover
the absolute necessary minimum only. This is true as it regards the
retention period of the collected data which will be limited to six months.
Unfortunately, this is not true at all as it regards the access to the
retained data which is not subject to a judicial decree in all cases. On the
contrary, the amendments of the Austrian Security Police Act and the Code of
Criminal Procedures foresee a wide range of possibilities for the public
prosecution and the Police to access the data pre-emptively e.g. "in case of
an general danger". This broad exemptions have been introduced by the
minister of interior and the minister of justice - both led by members of
the conservative party VVP - and after the public consultation for the draft
law on the telecom-part has been closed.
Simultaneously, the safeguards foreseen are relatively weak and the remedy
provisions are not well established. A fact which was even stated in an
expertise from the legal services of the Austrian Chancellery just a few
weeks ago.
Despite this, the implementation of the Data Retention in Austria was
adopted later the day with the consent of the delegates of the coalition
partners SPV and VVP. The opposition formed by the green party and the two
right wing parties FPV and BZV voted unanimously against the "dishonourable
The Austrian Journalists Association was shocked when they realised that,
seemingly, no exemptions are foreseen for "sensitive professions" such as
journalists, lawyers, hot lines for pastoral or social care, medical care
and the-like. Something the government has promised all the time and used
for the reassurance of the respective interest groups.
By return, the opposition announced to bring the data retention provisions
to the Constitutional Court. Provided three quite diverse proponents from
the green and the right wing side find a consensus in this matter, they
would form at least one third of the delegates. This is the minimum number
that enables MPs to file a constitutional complaint right after the
respective law has passed the parliament and yet before the law enters into
force on 1 April 2012.
If the opposition cannot find an agreement, the civil society is already
raring to go. The Privacy Groups 'Arge Daten', 'AKVorrat' and others have
already signaled that they are willing to file a complaint on the very first
date possible. Unlike to the members of the parliament, citizens have the
possibility to file a complaint against a law only when this law is already
in force and in case they are personally affected by the provisions in
Data Retention passes the Austrian Parliament - Opposition criticises
infringement of fundamental rights (Parlamentskorrespondenz Nr. 408,
28.04.2011, only in German)
Austrian Telecom Act - TKG 2003 (only in German)
Code of Criminal Procedures 1975 and Austrian Security Police Act
Parliamentary Debate on the implementation of the Data Retention Directive
in Austria (only in German, 28.04.2011)
 (1/3)
 (2/3)
 (3/3)
Expertise from the legal services of the Austrian Chancellery on the
Austrian provisions to implement the EU data retention directive (only in
German, 3.03.2011)
Austria: Data retention adopted, opposition plans to file complaint
Defending press freedom starts in one's home country - Press release from
the Austrian Journalists Association (only in German, 2.05.2011)
Parliament's decision on data retention not easy to comprehend - Press
release from the Interne Service Providers Austria (only in German,
EDRi's Shadow evaluation report on the Data Retention Directive (2006/24/EC)
(Contribution by Alice Sedmidubsky - unwatched.org)
6. Copyright complaint leads to public domain music library takedown
International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP), the largest public domain
music library on the Internet, has been recently taken offline following a
complaint from the UK's Music Publishers Association which convinced
registrar GoDaddy to takedown their website.
The action was brought over a single 90 year-old classical piece by
Rachmaninoff. The UK's Music Publishers Association (MPA) issued a DMCA
(Digital Millenium Copyright Act) takedown notice, not to the IMSLP site,
but to their domain registrar, GoDaddy: "We understand that
Godaddy are the sponsoring registrar for the website IMSLP.org
which makes available unlicensed copyright protected sheet music notation
which is an infringement of copyright. By assisting this website, Godaddy
are liable to pay damages for secondary copyright infringement once notice
of the infringement has been given," said the MPA's notice.
GoDaddy complied right away, seizing IMSLP's domain name and thus taking
them completely offline.
IMSLP reacted immediately, stating that GoDaddy did not first notify the
owner before seizing the domain and explaining why MPA's request was
unsubstantiated. Additionally, its assertion that the work under question
was under US copyright was a lie. IMSLP explained that Rachmaninoff's work
The Bells, Op.35 was a work which "is definitely NOT under copyright in the
USA. It was published in 1920 in full score, parts and vocal score by A.
Gutheil, by then a division of Serge Koussevitzky's Edition Russe de
Musique, headquarted at the time in Berlin, with branch offices in Moscow
and Paris.
As both the composer and the author of the Russian-language translation of
Edgar Allan Poe's public domain text were Russian nationals (who had fled
the Revolutionary government), the work was quite ineligible for protection
under US law and was actually public domain there the minute the first copy
was either sold, rented or offered for sale or rent under the author's
"There are approximately 180 different laws in force worldwide at present.
It is simply not possible for anyone - not even a major commercial concern
like Amazon - to keep daily track of 180 or more different copyright laws,
each with different exemptions for fair use and other purposes, etc. - many
of which are also frequently subject to changes, from either legislative
amendments or judicial interpretations", explained the site.
Following IMSLP's reaction and threat to sue, MPA withdrew their complaint
from GoDaddy. "While IMSLP encourages open discussion of copyright issues,
we have zero tolerance for underhanded tactics. To MPA's credit, they have
voluntarily retracted their claim. IMSLP will also be working on technical
measures to prevent any future attacks," stated IMSLP representatives.
This time the conflict was solved quite rapidly. In 2007, Universal Edition,
an Austrian music publisher, forced a shut down of the site and it took
IMSPL 9 months of reorganization to recover.
Publishers Force Domain Seizure of Public Domain Music Resource (22.04.2011)
IMSLP, Copyright & the MPA (UK)(23.04.2011)
Public Domain Website Forced Offline Over Copyright Complaint (21.04.2011)
7. The curious case of Internet filtering in Ireland
One of the most important developments for freedom of expression online has
been the growth of internet filtering systems, which have rapidly been
adopted by national governments as the "solution" to various forms of
internet wrongdoing. Ireland is no exception to this trend, and last month
it was revealed that the Garda Smochana (the national police force) is now
attempting to introduce a system whereby ISPs would block access to websites
alleged to host child abuse images.
It is somewhat ironic that this news becomes public just as both Germany and
the Netherlands have decided to abandon similar systems, having found that
they are ineffective as a means of tackling child abuse images. Even leaving
aside considerations of effectiveness, however, the proposed Irish system
still presents a number of significant concerns.
A fundamental principle under Article 10 of the European Convention on Human
Rights is that measures which have the effect of restricting freedom of
expression must be "prescribed by law". In this case, however, the Irish
system would not have any legal basis whatsoever, much less any judicial
oversight or control. Instead, it would involve the police in telling ISPs
what domains to block on a "self-regulatory" basis. Consequently, it would
seem on the face of it that the proposed system would violate Article 10.
The European Commission recently reached the same conclusion about
self-regulatory blocking systems (p.30) as did a government study which was
decisive in causing the Dutch blocking system to be abandoned.
A further problem relates to the secret manner in which the government and
the police have attempted to introduce this system. There has been no public
consultation or debate of any kind regarding blocking - instead, information
has only dripped out in response to freedom of information requests and
leaks from ISPs. This is particularly worrying given that (as Lessig points
out) internet filtering is an inherently opaque process, which is prone to
operating in an unaccountable way and to being extended beyond its original
purposes. In the Irish context, the secrecy surrounding the introduction of
filtering doesn't bode well for the future.
The nature of the proposed blocking is also worrying. What Irish police have
suggested is based on the CIRCAMP model, which attempts to block material by
using DNS tampering. In short, the police would notify ISPs to block
example.com or subdomain.example.com and the ISP would then
configure their DNS servers to redirect all attempts to visit any material
hosted on those (sub)domains. The effect would be massive overblocking,
where users would be unable to visit any page hosted on a particular domain,
irrespective of whether it had any connection whatsoever with the blocked
material. Last February, a similar approach in the United States saw over
84,000 innocent websites being wrongfully blocked, and there is no reason to
think that the Irish approach would be any more precise.
Finally, one particularly unusual aspect of the proposals is the way in
which the police seek to introduce monitoring of users. According to the
proposals, where a user attempts to view a blocked domain name, police would
"obtain details of other websites visited by the user, along with other
technical details, in order that [they] can identify any new websites that
require blocking". This, in effect, seeks the full browsing history of
users - whether or not there has been any attempt on their part to view
child pornography! (Bearing in mind that DNS tampering results in massive
overblocking, it is quite likely that a user may have their browsing history
disclosed due to an attempt to visit example.com/innocent_content when the
entirety of example.com has been blocked due to a single image or page
elsewhere in the site.) This raises fundamental privacy and data protection
concerns, particularly given that a user can often be identified by viewing
their browsing history, and has therefore been referred to the Data
Protection Commissioner for investigation.
Given these problems, it must be hoped that these proposals are abandoned.
But quite apart from these particular proposals, it is now also time to look
at the other systems of internet filtering in Ireland that have developed on
an ad hoc basis. In particular, Irish mobile phone companies have been
engaged in self-regulatory blocking for some time, in a manner which
often affects innocent users due to crude DNS systems. Similarly, the
largest Irish broadband provider Eircom recently settled an action brought
by the music industry by (amongst other things) agreeing to block access to
The Pirate Bay and "related domain names". These systems have developed
without any real public scrutiny or oversight and it is time to consider the
effect which they have on users, whether they are subject to adequate
transparency and oversight mechanisms and whether or not they are effective
at achieving their goals.
Garda plans to introduce web blocking in Ireland (29.03.2011)
Governmental filtering of websites: The Dutch case (2009)
Garda plans for web blocking referred to Data Protection Commissioner
An Object Lesson in Overblocking (17.02.2011)
Original article: The curious case of internet filtering in Ireland
(contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
8. French Digital Council with no representative from Internet users
On 27 April 2011, French President Nicolas Sarkozy officially installed the
National Digital Council (Conseil national du numirique - CNN) which is to
advise the French government on digital issues. Among the 18 personalities
belonging to the newly established body, there is no representative of
Internet users but only of private companies.
On the occasion of the establishment of the council, Sarkozy seemed to want
to reconcile the Internet by recognizing some errors related to the
most criticised Hadopi and Loppsi laws.
However, this impression was soon after clarified as Sarkozy's
statements were meant to justify the creation of CNN "useful at the time of
the elaboration of the two laws having instituted (...) to formalize even
more the dialogue between the economy actors and the Internet." The
president had no intention of amending these laws which, in his opinion, are
the best tools to defend copyright.
Furthermore, while CNN was created to advise and give recommendations to the
government for "the development of the Internet in France" and in order "to
avoid past errors", it has come up that, actually, the decree on the
creation of CNN, which deviates from the original recommendations drafted by
Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet, shows a significant decrease of its powers. The
government has decided to limit the role of the body by refusing to
systematically consult it in all draft texts in the digital area.
The decree says that "the National Digital Council has the mission to
enlighten the government and to participate in the public debate in the
digital domain" and therefore, it can be "consulted by the government in any
legislative and regulation draft measures susceptible of having an impact on
the digital economy".
The council will however be able to make its recommendations and will draft
an annual activity report that will be submitted to the President of the
Republic, the Prime Minister and the minister in charge of the digital
economy. The report will not be seen by the Parliament, as it was
recommended in Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet's report.
The decree has raised serious criticism particularly as the council members
include no representation from civil society. Jirimie Zimmermann, co-founder
and spokesperson of La Quadrature du Net considers CNN, "one more machine
where the citizens are not even represented" and which "will never be
The Council officially gathered on 27 April 2011 when its 18 members elected
Gilles Babinet, founder of Musiwave, as its president.
Sarkozy answered the critics arguing that the consumers have their own
authorities and gave assurances as to CNN's independence. On this occasion,
the opposition has again reacted and asked once more for the abrogation of
the infamous Hadopi laws. Meanwhile, Hadopi authority continues its
graduated response activities passing to the second phase of the operation.
The National Digital Council forgets about the Internet users (only in
French, 27.04.2011)
Nicolas Sarkozy comforts Hadopi but recognises errors (update) (only in
French, 28.04.2011)
CNN will not be systematically consulted by the government (only in French,
No representative of the public at the National Digital Council (update only
in French, 27.05.2011)
9. BitTorrent site blocked by Italian court
On 21 April 2011, an Italian court ordered all Italian ISPs to block the
BitTorrent search website BTjunkie considered by the public prosecutor as
one of the most prominent havens for pirated media. BTjunkie IP addresses
and its domain name were to be made inaccessible by all Italian ISPs by
blocking users' access to the site.
The court order follows an investigation by the Guardia di Finanza (GdF),
the Italian police body responsible for cybercrime. The authorities claim
that BTjunkie was one of the most frequently visited BitTorrent sites in the
country and blame the BitTorrent site for the failure of the Italian
pay-per-view TV-station Dahlia TV, which had to close down in March 2010 due
to financial problems.
This comes after the permanent blocking of The Pirate Bay in 2010 after a
long legal action started in 2008. Although The Pirate Bay won an appeal
with the Court of Bergamo which ruled that no foreign website could be
censored for alleged copyright infringement, the Supreme Court reviewed the
case and ruled that ISPs could be forced to block BitTorrent sites, even if
they were not hosted in Italy or operated by Italian citizens.
Therefore, according to the decision by the Supreme Court, sites offering
torrent files linking to copyrighted material are considered as being
engaged in criminal activity .
"I'm disappointed with the Italian judicial system. We will do our best to
fight for Italian people's right to communicate. At the moment I can suggest
to try any of the other popular torrent sites and checking TorrentFreak
later for an update on alternative methods for accessing BTjunkie from
Italy", stated BTjunkie's owner to TorrentFreak who also stated he did not
intend to appeal the decision.
Yet, very soon after the court decision has been made public, a new and
ad-free proxy site, proxyitalia.com, was launched allowing
Italians to browse an uncensored web and access BTjunkie, as well as The
Pirate Bay.
This only shows the futility of blocking actions. Hundreds of thousands of
Italian BitTorrent users still use The Pirate Bay website against the
national blocking order and there are dozens of other options.
Italian Court Orders All ISPs to Block BTjunkie (21.04.2011)
BTJunkie - access blocked (only in Italian, 22.04.2011)
Internet: operation of the Financial Guard against piracy (only in Italian,
BTjunkie Starts Proxy to Bypass Italian Blockade (25.04.2011)
10. Privatised enforcement series D: Anatomy of a self-regulation proposal
How does it happen that an industry or a sector of industry signs up
"voluntarily" to arbitrarily punish their consumers and to restrict freedom
of speech? One of the most interesting and telling examples is the ongoing
"public/private dialogue to fight online illegal activities".
In November 2009, the European Commission Directorate General for Justice
Liberty and Security (the relevant units are now part of DG Home Affairs)
invited a variety of Internet companies (but no civil society
representatives) to a meeting to discuss, in very vague terms, the issue of
illegal content online - concentrating on child abuse, terrorism and
racism/xenophobia. In that meeting, no particular problem was identified
that needed to be solved and various existing approaches were presented to
fight such content.
At that meeting, the European Commission offered to prepare draft
recommendations to form the basis of future discussions.  This text would
formally be the Commission's "understanding" of industry's views and not,
legally speaking, a proposal from the Commission. As a result, the
Commission's proposals would not need to go through either any internal
approval systems in the Commission or, being a non-legislative proposal,
through the Council of the EU or European Parliament. This loophole permits
the Commission to make proposals to industry informally, but with the threat
of legislation permanently in the background.
The Commission subsequently produced the set of recommendations (see link
below), which listed a variety of circumstances where "Internet providers"
could "remove or disable access" to content, without any judicial oversight
and without any clear obligations for public authorities to act against the
criminally illegal content - a public/private dialogue where the public has
to do nothing and the private does everything, outside the democratic
process and the rule of law.
The Commission then organised another meeting in May 2010, at which EDRi
asked to participate. During that meeting, EDRi repeatedly asked for
information on what specific problems with illegal content hosted in Europe
had been identified that this project sought to address. No response was
forthcoming. Industry participants echoed this call and asked why, if the
Commission is only talking about hosting providers, it did not make
reference to hosting providers rather than "internet providers" in its
proposed text. No answer was forthcoming. At the end of that event, the
Commission promised to take the concerns into account and to produce a
revised set of recommendations. Meanwhile, EDRi and the European ISP
Association (EuroISPA) prepared a joint letter explaining the minimum
requirements to be respected.
In December 2010, another draft recommendation set was put forward by the
Commission, which was virtually identical to the one in May. A day-long
meeting was organised where the same questions were asked by EDRi and by
industry, with the Commission again failing to provide any information
regarding the nature of the problem that the process was supposed to solve.
After the meeting, EDRi joined with both EuroISPA and the European Telecoms
Networks Operators Association (ETNO) to again put the concerns and demands
of both civil society and industry in writing. Six months later, the only
response that the letter has received is that it would not be answered
before June.
This whole process has been a solution in search of a problem, exploiting a
loophole where individual services in the Commission can make proposals of
major importance to freedom of communication without any bureaucratic or
democratic oversight using the pretence that they are not Commission
proposals at all.
EDRi/EuroISPA letter (07.09.2010)
Commission recommendations (last 4 pages are relevant)
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
11. ENDitorial: Defending the Open Internet
At an event organised by Brussels think-tank Security and Defence Agenda,
EDRi's advocacy coordinator debated freedom and security online with:
- Robert Madelin, Director General of DG Information Society of the
European Commission,
- Erika Mann, Member of the Board of ICANN and Vice President of the
Computer and Communications Industry Association,
-Suleyman Anil, Head of the Cyber Defence Section of NATO.
This is EDRi's opening speech:
Thank you for the invitation to speak this evening on a topic that is of
major importance to free speech, innovation and the economy.
The topic for discussion this evening is vast - so I will restrict myself to
just six words from the programme - "cooperation between public and private
The security of our fundamental rights is at risk when our activities are
regulated by commercial whims. The security of the Internet as an asset for
the global economy is at risk by the creation of virtual borders as
disproportionate responses to new problems.
Ultimately, faced with unwanted behaviour online, there are only three
options: accommodate it, address the unwanted activity itself or break the
Or rather, break what gives the Internet its value.
The Internet is of such value for the fundamental rights and the economy
because of its openness - a true single market without border guards and
iron curtains. This maximises the potential for communication and allows
anyone to invent the next big thing. We cannot and must not destroy this
openness simply because it is exploited by criminals.
Every effort at regulation creates borders. Every move to devolve policing
activities to internet providers, domain name registrars, IP address
registries or whoever drops another rotten apple into the barrel of free
and open networks.
DG HOME of the European Commission and the FBI are working globally and
domestically to recruit private internet operators like Wild West
vigilantes - literally every single intermediary in the value chain of the
Internet is being pressed into extra-judicial service. It is only the very
core of the internet itself that has not yet been press ganged into service.
Only yesterday we discovered that the Council of Ministers is discussing the
creation of a cyber "Chinese Wall" around Europe. This is far removed from
the insightful statement in the recent European Commission Communication on
net neutrality that "the internet owes much of its success to the fact that
it is open and easily accessible."
Sadly, therefore, the Egyptian "kill switch" is nothing more than the end of
the continuum that Europe and US are already rushing along. We are not there
yet, but this is the path and this is the danger.
And much of this regulation is in response to complaints from industries
that are out of step with the digital world. They are out of step with the
digital world and, instead of adapting, they demand that the world move to
their beat.
What few people realise is that this whole scenario has already happened. In
the early nineties, some countries banned Internet telephony and filtered it
out of their networks.
The result was a dream scenario for criminals, who exploited the high prices
of the monopolies, smuggling voice calls over unlicenced dedicated lines and
unlawfully hooking them into the national telephone network.
Then, along came Skype, with automatic encryption, the regulation became
pointless and was repealed and all of the efforts to stop time to the
benefit of fat old monopolies had failed. Business had lost out due to lack
of competition. Citizens had lost out to high prices. Monopolies lost out by
not being challenged to adapt to technological reality. Only the criminals
won - bad regulation is oxygen for criminals and poison for fundamental
Nowadays, it would be absurd to suggest a ban on Internet telephony -
although some mobile operators would disagree. All fixed operators now
accommodate Skype. They now make money from receiving calls generated on
Skype. They have innovated, finally moved with the times and now exploit
rather than seek to destroy the core value of the Internet.
If the same issues arose today, there would be demands for Skype.com to be
blocked, deep packet inspection to search for Skype data packets.  And
Europol would be asking for public education campaigns to warn consumers
about the links of internet telephony to organized crime.
After all, there was organised crime involvement in internet telephony,
which means that all countermeasures are justified. A vicious circle of bad
regulation leading to criminality leading to the excuse to maintain and
re-enforce the bad legislation.
Now the outdated industry is the content industry. And we are faced with
ever-more damaging enforcement measures for laws which are so utterly
illegitimate in the eyes of citizens that infringements are, in the words of
the European Commission, "ubiquitous".
Not that the content industry is alone - the same phenomenon is repeated to
protect national gambling monopolies and tax receipts from national gambling
operators. And all too often online child abuse is abused to push through
policies that, while being useless for fighting child abuse, are
subsequently recycled for commercial purposes.
Because of this, policing the edge of the network has become more difficult.
Slowly but surely, the enforcement measures are moving deeper into the
network, first pushing Internet providers to police their own consumers and
now, increasingly, using the structure of the Internet itself to vainly try
to fight infringements created by illegitimate law.
And again we are faced with filtering, again we are faced with blocking of
websites and again regulators seek to accommodate rusty old industries.
The good news is that it is possible to have a public electronic
communications network that has no copyright infringements
- We had it with AOL, whose closed walled garden approach was unable
to compete with the openness, flexibility and innovation of the Internet
- We had it with CompuServe, whose closed walled garden approach also
could not survive the Internet's openness,
- We had it with Minitel, which proved that a network where the
telecoms company has full control of access to its customers is
uncompetitive and can only fail.
Excessive, badly targeted and counter-productive regulation is the biggest
security threat that the citizens and the online economy faces.
We must work together to defend the open internet.
We must work together to support legislation that demands innovation rather
than facilitating stagnation.
We must work together to defend the rule of law, faced with efforts to put
our freedoms in the unwilling hands of internet intermediaries.
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12. Recommended Action
Europeana will organise a series of hackathons to showcase the potential of
the API usage for data providers, partners and end-users. The hackathons are
informal workshops bringing together competent and enthusiastic software
developers to build cool projects within a day or two (sketches, prototypes,
even working applications).
Europeana and partner institutions are organising simultaneous hackathons in
4 European countries (UK, Sweden, Poland, Spain) in the week 6 - 11 June
13. Recommended Reading
English translation of the Czech Constitutional Court data retention
Impossible to Ensure Legality of EU Communications Data Retention
Directive Says German Parliament (26.04.2011)
14. Agenda
5-6 May 2011, Milan, Italy
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - public conference
17-18 May 2011, Berlin Germany
European Data Protection Reform & International Data Protection Compliance
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
3 June 2011, Florence, Italy
E-privacy 2011 and Big Brother Awards 2011
4-5 June 2011, Bonn, Germany
PolitCamp 2011
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
24-30 July 2011, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance 2011
Applications open until 15 May 2011
15. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2011-05-18 20:15:03
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.10, 18 May 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.10, 18 May 2011
1. EU and China adopt harmonised approach to censorship
2. Data retention in EU Council Meeting
3. Belgium Senate deletes the repressive part of the three strikes draft law
4. Dutch ISPs admit to using deep packet inspection
5. CoE refuses to start investigation on biometrics
6. Ireland adopts innovation agenda on intellectual property
7. UK police has bought surveillance software to track online movements
8. Google found guilty in Belgium for newspapers' copyright infringement
9. Privatised enforcement series E: Online trading platforms sell out
10. CFP 2011 Conference to address the Future of Technology and Human Rights
11. ENDitorial: RFID PIA: Check against delivery
12. Recommended Action
13. Recommended Reading
14. Agenda
15. About
1. EU and China adopt harmonised approach to censorship
The European Union and China appear to have agreed to share their preferred
approaches to censorship, producing a model that is a perfect mix between
current EU and Chinese policies.
On 20 April 2011, at an event in the European Parliament entitled "Creative
Industries: Innovation for Growth", the French European Commissioner for the
Internal Market, Michel Barnier, announced plans to make focus on Internet
providers to enforce intellectual property. He explained that he did not
want to "criminalise" consumers and therefore would put the pressure on
online intermediaries (who will then police and punish the consumers
Eight days later, on 28 April, the Beijing Copyright Bureau decided to
follow exactly the same model. In its "Guiding Framework for the Protection
of Copyright for Network Dissemination," it proposes a range of obligations
on Internet intermediaries such as:
-180-day data retention for the name and IP address of users, if
the intermediary provides file-sharing or hosting services. This is
fractionally more liberal than the most liberal approach permitted by the
European Commission, which requires data retention for a minimum of six
- deterring and restraining (sic) those who upload unlicensed
material, including terminating the offending users' service (as appears in
the preparatory works of the ACTA agreement, supported by the EU) and also
reporting these infringing acts to copyright law enforcement authorities;
- employing "effective technical measures to prevent users
uploading or linking to copyrighted works" (as supported by the EU in its
input to the European Court of Justice in the Scarlet/Sabam case (C-70/10).
While the developments in relation to copyright show China's willingness to
learn from the EU's planned repressive measures, the traffic is not entirely
one-way, as shown by the recent revelations on the Hungarian Presidency's
"virtual Schengen" proposal.
In 2008, the French EU Presidency developed plans for a "Cybercrime
Platform" to be run by Europol, as a means of collecting reports of
illicit/unwanted content from across Europe, acting as an "information hub"
with the reasonably obvious intention of a harmonised approach to blocking
web content.
This approach was further developed in the Internal Security Strategy from
2010, which said ominously that "while the very structure of the internet
knows no boundaries, jurisdiction for prosecuting cybercrime still stops at
national borders. Member States need to pool their efforts at EU level. The
High Tech Crime Centre at Europol already plays an important coordinating
role for law enforcement, but further action is needed."
The European Commission immediately took the initiative and offered funding
for projects that supported "the blocking of access to child pornography or
blocking the access to illegal Internet content through public-private
cooperation" - expanding blocking both to content of any kind and to
extra-judicial blocking, in contravention of the European Convention on
Human Rights and the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights. As a result, European
police forces were given a grant of 324 059 Euro to lobby for blocking in
the EU.
All of these developments have now led to the proposal for a "Great Firewall
of Europe", as demonstrated by an EU Council presentation published this
week by EDRi. This would harmonise the EU's approach to content that it
wished to stop at the EU's borders, following the same logic as the "Great
Firewall of China" which censors unwanted content from outside China's
jurisdiction. Ironically, both the European Commission and Council of
Ministers are now claiming that such a blocking plan was never the intention
and are distancing themselves from the proposal - even to the point of
rewriting the minutes of the meeting where the proposal was discussed.
In summary, therefore, the EU/China internal policy on censorship will be
based on the European model of censorship by proxy, whereby Internet
intermediaries undertake the work. For unwanted traffic from outside the EU,
the Chinese model of a "virtual border" is being pushed forward, despite
recent protestations of innocence from the EU institutions.
Hungarian presidency rewriting of history of meeting
Virtual Schengen documents released by EU Council (12.05.2011)
Commission input to ECJ on Scarlet/Sabam (only in French, 13.01.2011)
ACTA Draft: No Internet for Copyright Scofflaws (24.03.2010)
EU Internal Security Strategy
French Presidency work programme
EU Communication: Internal Security Strategy (22.11.2010)
Chinese copyright office: Guiding Framework on the Protection of Copyright
for Network Dissemination (28.04.2011)
EU information management instruments (20.07.2010)
Council and Commission distance themselves from blocking plans (only in
German, 16.05.2011)
Commission funding - ISEC 2010 action grants
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Data retention in EU Council Meeting
The EU Council Working Group of Justice and Home Affairs had a first
discussion on 12 May 2011 on the European Commission implementation report
on the data retention directive.
The Commission agreed that the implementation has been uneven, both in terms
of retention periods, as well as in respecting data protection principles.
The working group discussed issues related to a common definition of
"organised crime", that was opposed by some, on the basis of infringing the
rights of Member States to govern their own affairs on entirely internal
processes ("subsidiarity").
This was just a preliminary discussion, where some member states claimed
that data retention was necessary, favouring a two year retention period.
Only a few countries brought forward the idea of the "quick freeze" as
an alternative solution.
The next schedule presented by the Commission includes several public
meetings, the first with civil society on 8 June 2011. After that, the
impact assessment should be finalized after the Summer and, by the end of
2011, the European Commission wishes to present its proposal to amend the
data retention directive.
Press release: 3085th Council meeting - Justice and Home Affairs
EDRi-gram: Top 10 misleading statements of the European Commission on data
retention (20.04.2011)
3. Belgium Senate deletes the repressive part of the three strikes draft law
The Belgium version of the French Hadopi three strikes law was significantly
changed by the Commission of Finance and Economical Affairs (COMFINECO) of
the Belgium Senate during a hearing organised on 11 May 2011 on copyright
and Internet.
The proposal, initially submitted in 2010 and re-tabled at the beginning of
2011, was amended by the removal of a series of articles which actually
referred to the three strikes system.
NURPA (the Net Users' Rights Protection Association) warns that the proposed
law, although amputated, still raises certain concerns and
draws the attention especially to article 12 which "requires the settling of
agreement between private actors and allows the limitation of the Internet
user's freedom of usage". The article stipulates that the agreement signed
with the ISPs "determines the limits and conditions under which a user that
has access to a public online communication service can use it to exchange
works protected by copyright or related right(s)."
Inspired also by the French Hadopi law, the proposed Belgium law introduces
the creation of a Council for the protection of copyright on the Internet
that would have as its main task to establish a list of legal offers. It is
not clear which criteria will be used to determine what offers will be legal
and which will be the means to keep such a list updated and complete.
"Instead of seeing the Internet as an opportunity to reduce the number of
intermediaries between the public and the artists, the text only continues
to place the copyright collective societies in the centre of the revenue
perception. There are innovating initiatives and a freedom of artistic
distribution that should be encouraged rather than playing in the hands of
the private societies" stated Daniel Faucon, spokesperson for NURPA.
Two contradictory opinions also marked the COMFINECO hearing, one according
to which the service providers would incite to illegal downloading and
therefore should be made responsible and a second one that is closer to
net neutrality, meaning that the service providers should not be held
accountable for the content exchanged on the Internet.
The Belgium HADOPI amputated in its repressive part (only in French,
The Belgium Hadopi is buried, but filtering is not (only in French,
EDRi-gram: Four strikes law returns to Belgium (9.05.2011)
4. Dutch ISPs admit to using deep packet inspection
During an investors day on 10 May 2011 in London, Dutch Internet service
provider KPN admitted to using deep packet inspection (DPI) technology, to
determine the use of certain applications by its mobile internet customers.
Vodafone soon followed with an announcement that it used this
technology for traffic shaping. The Dutch minister of Economic Affairs
within days announced an investigation into KPN's practices and promised to
publish the results within two weeks.
The recent revelations come after Dutch telecom giant KPN announced that
it will start charging mobile internet users extra for the use of
certain applications, such as internet telephony. This is a hot topic in
The Netherlands, as net neutrality rules will soon be discussed in the
Dutch parliament. Dutch digital rights organisation Bits of Freedom is
concerned that the application of DPI by KPN is a violation of the Dutch law
and called for customers to lodge a complaint with the public prosecutor.
Article on use of DPI by KPN (12.05.2011)
Press release Bits of Freedom (12.05.2011)
(contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom, Netherlands)
5. CoE refuses to start investigation on biometrics
In an answer to the 31 March 2011 petition calling the Council of Europe
(CoE) to start an in-depth survey under Article 52 of the European
Convention on Human Rights, Thorbjxrn Jagland, the Secretary General of the
CoE refused to start an investigation on the collection and storage of
citizens' biometric data by member states.
In his answer, Secretary General Jagland mainly points to the CoE
Resolution 1797, adopted in March 2011. He does stress the need to take
steps to ensure that relevant existing legal frameworks, including European
data protection Convention 108, be enhanced and modernised. However, the
Secretary General doesn't explain his refusal to investigate the legality of
the current national biometric schemes. Instead, Mr. Jagland refers
to various other Council of Europe bodies, such as the Parliamentary
Assembly, the commissioner for Human Rights and the Consultative Committee
of Convention 108.
In a first reaction to the response from Strasbourg, an alliance
spokesperson said: "The lack of protection of citizens rights against
government use of biometrics is stunning. Moreover, the digital fingerscan
technique itself is immature. For example a government test in the
Netherlands, published after our petition, showed biometric verification
failure rates of 21%. A test by the mayor of the city of Roermond revealed
that for no less than one in every five persons collecting travel documents,
the initial fingerprint scan had been so bad that it wasn't verifiable. So
how can you ever reach the goals of the Passport Laws by storing these on
the document chip? This confirms once again that an in-depth survey has to
be conducted soon on whether the human rights guarantees and conditions of
necessity (effectiveness, proportionality, subsidiarity and safety
guarantees) set by the European Convention on Human Rights and the data
protection Convention are indeed upheld in the countries involved."
The more than 80 petition signatories from 27 countries, including EDRi,
include - among others - digital, civil and human rights defenders, media,
legal and medical organisations, academia, politicians and personal victims
without a passport because of objections involving the biometric storage.
Petition to Council of Europe on government use of citizens biometrics
(updated on 12.05.2011)
Answer of Council of Europe (29.04.2011)
EDRi-gram: NGOs ask CoE to investigate government collection of biometrics
6. Ireland adopts innovation agenda on intellectual property
Richard Bruton, the Irish Minister for Enterprise, Jobs and Innovation, said
that he was determined that the Irish government should make whatever
changes were necessary to allow innovative digital companies to reach their
full potential in Ireland. He said that some companies have complained that
the current copyright legislation did not cater well for the digital
environment and created barriers to innovation and to the establishment of
new business models. For this reason, he has proposed research into how the
current copyright law could be amended in such a way so that it would foster
In order to achieve the aforementioned goal, Mr  Bruton set up the Copyright
Review Committee which, in the words of the Department of Enterprise, Trade
and Innovation, has the following tasks:
(1) Examine the present national copyright legislation and identify any
areas that are perceived to create barriers to innovation;
(2) Identify solutions for removing these barriers and make recommendations
as to how these solutions might be implemented through changes to national
(3) Examine the US style "fair use" doctrine to see if it would be
appropriate in an Irish/EU context;
(4) If it transpires that national copyright legislation requires to be
amended but cannot be amended, (bearing in mind that Irish copyright
legislation is bound by the European Communities Directives on Copyright and
Related Rights and other international obligations) make recommendations for
changes to the EU Directives that will eliminate the barriers to innovation
and optimise the balance between protecting creativity and promoting and
facilitating innovation.
After completing these four tasks, the Copyright Review Committee will
present a Report to the Government with a set of recommendations for
legislative change. The Review will start with a consultation. All
interested parties are invited to submit their views for inclusion in the
The Chair of the Review Committee will be Dr. Eoin O'Dell of Trinity
College, Dublin. The other members of the Review Committee will be
Professor Stephen Hedley  (University College Cork) and Ms. Patricia
McGovern  (DFMG Solicitors). The deadline for sending submissions is the end
of June 2011.
Consultation on the Review of the Copyright and Related Rights Act 2000,
Department of Enterprise, Trade and Innovation of Ireland (09.05.2011)
Radical copyright law reform to boost Ireland's digital economy?(09.05.2011)
(Contribution by Daniel Dimov - intern at EDRI)
7. UK police has bought surveillance software to track online movements
Civil liberties groups have shown great concern about the UK Metropolitan
police force's possible use of Geotime surveillance software that can map
nearly every move in the digital world of "suspect" individuals.
The Geotime security programme, that has recently been purchased by Britain
Metropolitan Police, is used by the US military and is able to show an
individual's movements and communications with other people on a
three-dimensional graphic. It can be used to put up information gathered
from social networking sites, satellite navigation equipment, mobile phones,
financial transactions and IP network logs, creating a 3D graphic of
correlations between actions, people and places.
The use of such a tool is seen as a threat to personal privacy.
Alex Hanff, the campaigns manager at Privacy International, showed concern
that by the aggregation of "millions and millions of pieces of microdata, a
very high-resolution picture of somebody" might be obtained. This could
also be used by the government and police "for the benefit of commercial
gain," and therefore, asked the UK police to explain who would decide how
this software will be used in the future.
"This latest tool could also be used in a wholly invasive way and could fly
in the face of the role of the police to facilitate rather than impede the
activities of democratic protesters," said Sarah McSherry, a partner at
Christian Khan Solicitors, representing several protesters in cases against
the Metropolitan police.
Daniel Hamilton, director of the Big Brother Watch privacy blog, stated for
ZDNet UK that "the ability to build up such a comprehensive record of any
person's movements represents a significant threat to personal privacy."
According to Geotime's website, the programme displays data from various
sources, allowing the user to navigate the data with a timeline and animated
display and the links between entities "can represent communications,
relationships, transactions, message logs etc and are visualised over time
to reveal temporal patterns and behaviours."
The representatives of The Metropolitan police stated it was "in the process
of evaluating the Geotime software to explore how it could possibly be used
to assist us in understanding patterns in data relating to both space and
time" and that it had not yet taken a final decision on whether the software
would be adopted permanently.
A spokesperson from the Ministry of Defence said the software was also under
investigation by the ministry.
This comes at a time when data retention has become a main issue of
discussion being increasingly challenged and criticised and as the UK
already exercises a high level of surveillance of individuals' online
According to the Guardian, Catt, an 86-year-old man without any criminal
record, has recently been granted permission to sue a secretive police unit
for having kept, on a clandestine database, a detailed record of his
presence at more than 55 peace and human rights peaceful protests over a
four-year period.
The respective unit has been compiling a huge, nationwide database of
thousands of protesters for more than ten years already. The police claims
the unit only monitors so-called "domestic extremists" (which in Catt's case
is a very exaggerated statement) and that the "minor" surveillance of Catt
was a "part of a far wider picture of information which it is necessary for
the police to continue to monitor in order to plan to maintain the peace,
minimise the risks of criminal offending and adequately to detect and
prosecute offenders".
Police buy software to map suspects' digital movements (11.05.2011)
Metropolitan Police trials GeoTime tracking software (12.05.2011)
Privacy storm after police buy software that maps suspects' digital
movements (12.05.2011)
Protester to sue police over secret surveillance (3.05.2011)
8. Google found guilty in Belgium for newspapers' copyright infringement
Google lost its appeal in front of the Belgian appeals court which upheld an
earlier ruling, having found the company guilty of infringing the copyright
of newspapers, in the case introduced in 2006 by Copiepresse.
In 2006, Copiepress, an agency acting for newspapers, sued Google for
allegedly infringing the copyright of newspapers when linking, on its Google
News service, to content from newspaper websites or copies of sections of
A Belgian judge ruled that Google had to remove all the content referring to
Belgian newspaper stories from its services and the Court of First Instance
in Belgium upheld that ruling in February 2007.
Google appealed the decision and argued that Google News was fully
consistent with applicable copyright laws and considered that US law should
have applied in the case because the company posts the articles of the
Belgian sites from the US. However, the court, based on the Berne
Convention, estimated that only the Belgian law could be applicable and that
the distribution through the Google.be website of works that are protected
by copyright in Belgium was illegal and that it did not matter that the
posts were made automatically by robots from abroad.
The court also estimated that one didn't need to read the entire article
to understand the information posted by Google, that Google News could not
be assimilated with press review and it infringed the paternity right by not
mentioning the name of the author.
The court's decision asked Google to remove all links to material from
Belgian newspapers in French (the rulings do not apply to Flemish
newspapers). Failing to comply with the court's decision may bring Google a
fine of about 25 000 Euro per day.
"References with short titles and direct links to the sources is not only
legal, but also encourages the users to read the online newspapers" stated
Al Verney, spokesperson for Google.
While Copiepress welcomes the decision, Google reminded the agency that it
is not the only search engine making reference to online contents but that
actually, this is common practice with most search engines.
It also seems Google wants to bring the case to a higher court.
Google infringes copyright when its services link to newspaper sites,
Belgian court rules (10.05.2011)
Court's decision (only in French, 5.05.2011)
Google Busted for Copyright Violation in Belgium (7.05.2011)
Copiepresse press release (only in French, 5.05.2011)
Google loses the Copiepresse case in appeal (only in French, 9.05.2011)
New condemnation of Google News in Belgium (only in French, 9.05.2011)
EDRi-gram: Belgium court backs decision against Google (14.02.2007)
9. Privatised enforcement series E: Online trading platforms sell out
In a bizarrely designed document, looking like a mix between a wedding
invitation and an accident in a blue ink factory, leading online retailers
Amazon, eBay and Priceminister have sold out the interests of their
consumers in a "memorandum of understanding" with a range of luxury goods
and copyright groups. In return, they have received a non-binding
commitment not to be sued by the rightsholders for twelve months.
Under the agreement, the Internet platforms agree to take responsibility
"to assess the completeness and validity of " reports from rightsholders of
counterfeit goods being sold through their services and, based on this
extra-judicial notice, not only to remove the listings of the alleged
counterfeit material but also to take "deterrent measures against such
Furthermore, for reasons that are not explicitly explained, Internet
platforms will receive lists of words "commonly used for the purpose of
offering for sale of 'obvious' counterfeit goods" which they will "take into
consideration". Up to the limits imposed by data protection law, "Internet
Platforms commit to disclose, upon request, relevant information including
the identity and contact details of alleged infringers and their user
On the other side, the rightsholders undertake to make requests for personal
information "in good faith" and in accordance with the law.
With regard to sellers who are adjudged by the online retailer to have
repeatedly broken the law, the Internet platforms undertake to "implement
and enforce deterrent repeat infringer policies, according to their internal
guidelines" including temporary or permanent suspension of the seller. These
deterrent measures are to be implemented taking into account a number of
factors, including the "apparent intent of the alleged infringer". The
policing by the Internet platforms will, in turn, be policed by the
rightsholders who, subject to data protection law "commit to provide
information to Internet Platforms concerning those sellers they believe to
be repeat infringers and commit to provide feedback to Internet Platforms on
the effectiveness of Internet Platforms' policies regarding repeat
infringers (e.g. if rights owners feel that there has been a failure to take
measures against a repeat infringer).
In the entire document, which consists of 47 paragraphs, just one is devoted
to the enforcement of the law by law enforcement authorities.
Memorandum of Understanding (4.05.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
10. CFP 2011 Conference to address the Future of Technology and Human Rights
The 21st Annual Computers Freedom and Privacy Conference (CFP 2011) will be
held on 14 - 16 June 2011 in Washington DC, USA, at the Georgetown
University Law Center.
CFP conferences traditionally look at the technology and policy space with
an eye toward predicting what innovation might bring in relation to human
rights. It is a yearly gathering of activists, thinkers, government,
legislative, NGOs, business to discuss differing views on controversial
issues related to technology and policy. The conference is open to the
general public.
"The Future is Now" is the theme of this year conference. Participants will
address emerging issues such as the role of social media in the democracy
movement in the Middle East and North Africa; technology and social media to
support human rights; the impact of mobile personal computing technology on
freedom and privacy; smart grid, e-health records, consumer location-based
advertising. cybersecurity, cloud computing, net neutrality, federated ID,
ubiquitous surveillance.
The program is structured around three days, with the 1st day dedicated to
privacy issues, the second to human rights and Freedoms, and the third to
computing and technology. A particular effort has been undertaken this year
to increase the international scope of the conference. Keynote addresses
will be given daily by prominent speakers, including Alessandro Acquisti
(CMU), Mona Altahawy (Columnist), Dannah Boyd (Microsoft), Agnhs Callamard
(Article 19), Cameron Kerry (US DoC), Edith Ramirez (FTC Commissioner),
Bruce Schneir (BT).
EDRi is involved both in the organization and in the participation to this
event through representatives of its members and observers. Meryem Marzouki
(France) chairs the 'Human Rights and Freedom' day program subcommitte, and
will be moderating a session on "MENA Beyond Stereotypes: Technology of Good
and Evil Before, During and After Revolutions". Katarzyna Szymielewicz
(Poland), Ralf Bendrath (Germany), Cedric Laurent (Belgium), and others will
address "The Global Challenge of Mandatory Data Retention Schemes". European
issues and persectives will also be highlighted during the session on "A
Clash of Civilizations: The EU and US Negotiate the Future of Privacy", with
the participation of Jan Philipp Albrecht, German MEP.
Together with the many other panels on currently hot issues in Europe, such
as the debate on technical intermediaries immunity or liability or the
impact on minorities and migrants of airport security measures and PNR data
collection, these sessions promise a very exciting conference this year.
All about CFP 2011 - Program, Speakers, Committee, Registration
(contribution by Meryem Marzouki - EDRi)
11. ENDitorial: RFID PIA: Check against delivery
In the context of the Hungarian Presidency of the European Council, the
European Commission and the Hungarian Innovation Office jointly organised
the IoT 2011 conference on the Internet of Things, earlier this week.
One of the main sessions was devoted to privacy and data protection in the
IoT age. The main points of the presentations in this session included the
high importance of technology design for any form of Internet regulation
(with reference to Lessig's "Code is law"), the need for a reduction of
bureaucracy in data protection and the importance of accurate information on
the consequences of IoT applications for individuals' privacy. The experts
stressed that it was important to maintain the existing data protection
principles also in an IoT age and that commercial competition must not take
place at the cost of reduced data protection standards.
Risk assessments like the RFID Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) were
mentioned as an important tool that also enables end users (the data
subjects) to take informed decisions regarding the processing of their
personal data.
RFID and PIAs also became a topic during the Questions and Answers of the
following session, where Christian Plenge, Head of Architecture, Frameworks
& Innovation at METRO Systems GmbH (a company of one of the worlds largest
retailers, Metro Group), informed the audience that Metro had decided to
leave RFID tags on their products active after the point of sale and to
offer their customers the possibility to deactivate the tags on request. An
option which, according to Mr. Plenge, was only chosen once so far, when a
data protection group was given a tour in an RFID-equipped store.
This statement is of particular interest as the European Commission's
recommendation on RFID data protection suggests at points 11 and 12, that
retailers deactivate or remove RFID tags at the point of sale unless
consumers give their informed consent or a PIA concludes that the tags do
not represent a likely threat to privacy or the protection of personal data.
When being asked by EDRi if his statements could be understood that way that
Metro Group has decided not to follow the European Commissions
recommendation, Mr. Plenge said that the PIA they had conducted had
concluded that there was no likely threat to privacy or the protection of
personal data and that their activities were therefore in line with the EC
This view is also promoted on the website of Metro's Future Store
Initiative, which claims that Metros RFID use is "in full compliance with
existing provisions" and that their "transponders, ..., do not store any
personal consumer information". The Electronic Product Code (EPC; which is a
worldwide unique identifier) would only refer to product and process
information and "(p)ersonal data is neither disseminated nor stored".
For an audience not familiar with the data protection problems of RFID
applications and the discussions in the European Commission's RFID Expert
Group and elsewhere, this statement might be convincing at first sight.
The fact is however, that the question whether unique identifiers stored on
RFID tags constitute personal data or not, has been discussed at length at
various occasions and that Metro was well involved in these debates. As a
result of these debates - and of the process leading to the RFID PIA
framework - the answer to this question formally given in not one but
actually two working papers of the Article 29 Working Party (WP175 and
WP180): "... when a unique identifier is associated to a person, it falls in
the definition of personal data set forth in Directive 95/46/EC, regardless
of the fact that the 'social identity' (name, address, etc.) of the person
remains unknown (i.e. he is 'identifiable' but not necessarily
'identified')." (WP175, p. 8)
In the case of Metro's RFID use, this means that Metro - contrary to their
public statements - is in fact processing personal data of their customers
(the EPCs) and that Metro puts the personal data of their customers at risk
(which e.g. could be tracked by third parties without their knowledge) by
not deactivating the RFID tags at the point of sale and not taking any other
measures to mitigate the risks (at least as far as we know from Mr. Plenge
and the above mentioned corporate website).
Mr. Plenge's statement at the European Commission's IoT 2011 conference is
of particular importance as it was made several weeks after European
Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes, representatives of the European RFID
industry, the chairman of the Article 29 Data Protection Working Party and
the executive director of ENISA formally signed the RFID Privacy Impact
Assessment Framework as a tool of industry self regulation for data
protection compliant RFID applications. Before the signing ceremony took
place, this framework was formally endorsed by the Art. 29 Working Party
with working paper 180, in which the Working Party reconfirmed their above
mentioned statement on unique identifiers being personal data.
Mr. Plenge's statement that, besides the visit of a data protection group,
none of their customers ever requested that RFID tags on products should be
deactivated, highlights the drawback of opt-out regimes. Most of the
customers of retail stores are not data protection or RFID experts but
ordinary citizens. They need to trust the retailers to be given accurate
information and cannot base their shopping habits on general suspicion.
Therefore consumers are not aware of any threats to their privacy and expect
to have their personal data protected by default. It is therefore not a lack
of interest but a lack of knowledge that leads to this total of zero
deactivated RFID tags.
That it is not possible to sufficiently inform consumers about the data
protection risks of RFID applications at the point of sale was - by the
way - often claimed by industry representatives in the past couple of years
of RFID data protection discussions. This is one of the reasons why EDRi
always advocated for an opt-in regime instead of an opt-out one.
This current example of Metro Group's strategy is not only important because
this company is one of the worlds largest retailers, the actions of which
affect the data protection rights of a large number of individuals, but also
because it gives an example of the practical value of self regulation tools
like the RFID PIA framework.
In our EDRi-gram article on the signing ceremony we wrote amongst others:
"The RFID PIA Framework is an important milestone on the way to the
implementation of privacy friendly RFID applications. Now it is important
that industry quickly but thoroughly implements the PIA in practice." As the
Metro example suggests it is the word "thoroughly" that needs to be
emphasised in this statement.
At Point 20 of the RFID recommendation, the European Commission announced
that it would "provide a report on the implementation of this
Recommendation, its effectiveness and its impact on operators and
consumers," in particular as regards the measures recommended for RFID
applications used in the retail trade, before the end of May 2012. In our
view, it is important to make sure that global players like Metro Group are
as well covered by this report as small and medium sized RFID operators, as
their level of adoption not only affects a large number of individuals but
also predetermines the level of compliance of the whole industry.
Point 5 of the RFID recommendation suggests that RFID operators make the
results of their privacy impact assessments available to the competent
authorities (the national data protection authorities; DPAs) at least six
weeks before the deployment of the application. EDRi calls on the national
DPAs, the European Data Protection Supervisor and the Article 29 Working
Party to make a meaningful use of this opportunity by at least checking if
the PIA was conducted on the basis of a correct definition of personal data
and by providing statistics about how many PIA reports were made available
to them, in which member states, and by which industries.
EDRi is well aware that this request comes at a time when most DPAs suffer
from a lack of funding, staff and time. But we think that it is very
important - also for the future use of such tools in other areas - to ensure
that privacy risk assessments are carried out properly.
The RFID PIA Framework is an important milestone but we need to check
against delivery.
IoT 2011
EDRi-gram 9.7: RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework formally adopted
EC recommendation (12.05.2009)
Metro Group Future Store Initiative: Privacy at METRO GROUP (last accessed
on 18.05.2011)
Opinion 5/2010 on the Industry Proposal for a Privacy and Data Protection
Impact Assessment Framework for RFID Applications (13.07.2010)
Opinion 9/2011 on the revised Industry Proposal for a Privacy and Data
Protection Impact Assessment Framework for RFID Applications (11.02.2011)
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
12. Recommended Action
European Commission: Public Consultation on Cloud Computing
Deadline: 31 August 2011
13. Recommended Reading
UK: A review of Intellectual Property and Growth - An independent report by
Ian Hargreaves (05.2011)
Demonstrators take to streets across Turkey to protest Internet bans
14. Agenda
30-31 May 2011, Belgrade, Serbia
Pan-European dialogue on Internet governance (EuroDIG)
2-3 June 2011, Krakow, Poland
4th International Conference on Multimedia, Communication, Services and
Security organized by AGH in the scope of and under the auspices of INDECT
3 June 2011, Florence, Italy
E-privacy 2011 and Big Brother Awards 2011
4-5 June 2011, Bonn, Germany
PolitCamp 2011
12-15 June 2011, Bled, Slovenia
24th Bled eConference, eFuture: Creating Solutions for the Individual,
Organisations and Society
14-16 June 2011, Washington DC, USA
CFP 2011 - Computers, Freedom & Privacy
"The Future is Now"
11-12 July 2011, Barcelona, Spain
7th International Conference on Internet, Law & Politics (IDP 2011): Net
Neutrality and other challenges for the future of the Internet
24-30 July 2011, Meissen, Germany
European Summer School on Internet Governance 2011
27 - 30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
15. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2011-11-16 19:06:17
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.22, 16 November 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.22, 16 November 2011
1. EDRi letter: EC proposes reduced retention periods for retained data
2. US court allows access to world-wide Twitter accounts data
3. Online Distribution of Audiovisual Works: EDRi's answer to the EC
4. Unlocking education in the Netherlands
5. EDRi Responds to BEREC's Consultation on Net Neutrality and Transparency
6. 2011 Public Voice Civil Society Conference: "Privacy is Freedom"
7. 33rd International DPA Conference in Mexico City
8. Will the new flawed EU-US PNR agreement be approved by the EP?
9. ENDitorial: Copyright combinatronics
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. EDRi letter: EC proposes reduced retention periods for retained data
In September 2011, European Digital Rights and 37 other NGOs sent a
detailed letter to the European Commission with regard to the current stage
of the review of the Data retention Directive - the impact assessment. The
purpose of the letter was to provide early input to the Commission, in order
to give maximum opportunity to take our concerns into account.
The response from the Commission acknowledges the problems with the
Directive. Without being specific, Commissioner Malmstrvm responded that the
maximum retention periods needs to be reduced and also pointed out that the
text must be improved with regard to its clarity. She also recognised and
accepted the need for a followup of the methodology detailed in the
Fundamental Rights Checklist and that cost-reimbursement for Internet
providers is a way of minimising access to retained traffic data.
The Commissioner promises improvements to resolve two problems in the
Directive: - the length of the maximum retention periods and the lack of
clarity (and therefore predictability) of the Directive. However, the
recognition of these two problems implies an acceptance of doubts regarding
the compliance of the current Directive with the Charter of Fundamental
Rights and the European Convention on Human Rights. .
This raises an important question: - in such circumstances, how can it be
appropriate to recognise the questionable legality of the Directive, on the
one hand, and undertake legal proceedings against Germany, Romania and
Sweden for failing to implement the Directive, on the other?
Rather disappointingly, the Commissioner decided to answer a question which
was not asked, namely how difficult it would be to get major improvements
past the Council of Ministers. While the political obstacles to an adequate
resolution of the data retention Directive's problems are certainly massive,
the current College of Commissioners took an oath, as individual citizens,
to defend the Charter on Fundamental Rights. This oath was without
exceptions, to cover challenging political environments. However, the
subtext of the Commissioner's response to civil society is clear - without a
shift in the positions of Member States, the Commission does not feel able
to resolve the deep problems with data retention.
Nonetheless, the tone of the letter is very positive and the constructive
engagement of civil society is clearly welcomed. EDRi and the co-signatories
of the letter will continue to engage constructively with the Commission.
Joint letter on data retention (26.09.2011)
Commissioner Malmstrvm's response (dated 31.10.2011)
Fundamental rights checklist
Oath to respect the EU Treaties and Charter:
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. US court allows access to world-wide Twitter accounts data
A US judge decided on 10 November 2011 that Twitter had to release to the US
authorities data on the Twitter accounts of people involved in WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange case investigated by the US Justice Department.
The Twitter accounts in question belong to Icelandic MP and former WikiLeaks
volunteer Birgitta Jsnsdsttir, Seattle-based WikiLeaks volunteer Jacob
Appelbaum and Dutch XS4ALL Internet provider co-founder Rop Gonggrijp.
The judge's ruling is a response to the appeal made by the three twitter
account holders, thus backing up the previous decision in March of another
Even more worrying is the fact that the investigated people have found out
about the US first court's decision only because Twitter notified the
subscribers that prosecutors had obtained a court order for their account
information. Furthermore, the judge blocked the users' attempt to discover
whether other Internet companies had been ordered to release their data to
the US government.
"With this decision, the court is telling all users of online tools hosted
in the U.S. that the U.S. government will have secret access to their data,"
said Jonsdottir who expressed her intention to take the case to the Council
of Europe.
The court order of the appeal was criticised by IPU (Inter-Parliamentary
Union, the international organization of Parliaments with MPs from 157
countries), which adopted a resolution condemning the move which, in their
opinion, threatens free speech and may be in violation of Article 19 of the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights which gives everyone the right to
freedom of opinion and expression.
In seeking the respective information, US authorities used the Stored
Communications Act to demand that Twitter provide the internet protocol
addresses of users as well as bank account details, user names, screen names
or other identities, mailing and other addresses.
In the judge' opinion, "the information sought was clearly material to
establishing key facts related to an ongoing investigation and would have
assisted a grand jury in conducting an inquiry into the particular matters
under investigation."
Also extremely worrying is that he also considered that the Twitter users
had implicitly given their agreement to give over their IP addresses the
moment they signed up for an account and relinquished an expectation of
"Petitioners knew or should have known that their IP information was subject
to examination by Twitter, so they had a lessened expectation of privacy in
that information, particularly in light of their apparent consent to the
Twitter terms of service and privacy policy," wrote the judge in his
Basically, what this decision says is that US authorities can require
account information on any users of US-based online social networks,
irrespective of their location and citizenship. This brings forth very
serious concerns related to online privacy.
EFF Legal Director Cindy Cohn also expressed her concern that in a world
where Internet users place online more and more of their conversations,
experiences, pictures, locations and many other types of personal
information, the court's conclusion is that "records about you that are
collected by Internet services like Twitter, Facebook, Skype and Google are
fair game for warrantless searches by the government."
US court verdict 'huge blow' to privacy, says fomer WikiLeaks aide
Second judge gives DOJ access to WikiLeaks-related Twitter accounts
Privacy Loses in Twitter/Wikileaks Records Battle (10.11.2011)
3. Online Distribution of Audiovisual Works: EDRi's answer to the EC
Adapting the European policy to the digital environment would offer the
audiovisual industry access to an even broader audience and would give
the consumer greater access to cultural works. It is the opportunity to
redefine a simple and harmonised framework. It is a chance to achieve a
digital single market.
What creates obstacles to achieving this goal? Which interests should be
taken into account? What should the EU policy-maker do to offer a
satisfactory environment to both rightsholders and consumers?
EU policy must be user-friendly, innovation-friendly and creation-friendly.
The current framework somehow fails to take into account all those aspects
and to find the right balance between the interests at stake.
One of the essential aspects is access to culture. The current divided
market, particularly on the copyright aspects, creates barriers that prevent
EU citizens to access, use and enjoy cultural content such as the
audiovisual works. Nowadays, consumers consider the current copyright law
system as illegitimate, which explains the level of infringements. The
current system not only is not consumer-unfriendly but it also has an
economic downturn, it indeed stifles the development of new technology. Its
overly strict application of copyright, indefensible and ineffective
repressive enforcement measures are counterproductive.
There are numerous ways to improve the actual eco-environment without
putting aside any interests: harmonising the actual framework, minimising
the complexity and waste generated by intermediaries, micro-payments,
enabling the development of legal platforms to access, share and stream
audiovisual content, cross-border licensing, pan-European offers.
The achievement a digital single market should not be undermined by efforts
to create more restrictions over the use of content, such as limiting
exceptions and limitations to copyright. Equal access to culture should also
be recognised for people with disabilities and the copyright exception
should be made mandatory for that purpose.
The digital environment offers new perspectives, new possibilities and new
opportunities for the industries and for citizens and those opportunities
must be embraced by the EU. The right balance between economic and social
goals, the interests of creators and consumers can be found without putting
the interests of one above the others. More repressive enforcement will risk
making the legal framework even more illegitimate. What the EU needs is a
clear, simple and harmonised framework.
EC Green Paper on the Online Distribution of Audiovisual Works:
EDRi's answer to the consultation (11.2011)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
4. Unlocking education in the Netherlands
Dutch schools are progressively locking out students from online
environments due to the use of proprietary web-technology
(Silverlight) and closed standards. This contravenes with the 2007
Netherlands Open in Connection policy framework that mandates the use
of open standards for all public sector organizations, including
educational institutions. In responding to questions by the Parliament
about this situation, the minister of Education, Marja van
Bijsterveldt, stated she was unwilling to force educational
institutions to comply with the official open standards policy.
The Dutch open standards policy framework calls for a mandatory use of
open standards in all public sector organizations (via comply or
explain). The ministry of education should have begun taking steps to
implement it four years ago. However, open standards have not become
an integral part of educational IT-procurement and thus are not
considered when purchasing, renewing or upgrading (educational)
IT-services, software and digital learning materials. The negligent
attitude of the ministry of education resulted in an increasing
vendor-lock, effectively locking out substantial and growing numbers
of students.
Through the "Unlocking education, for growth without limits" campaign,
Dutch activists are pushing for a more robust implementation of
the open standards policy, by making the use of open standards
mandatory for all publicly-funded institutions. The campaign is
supported by a various range of Dutch organizations (NLLGG, NLUUG, LPI
Netherlands, HCC!, ISOC.nl, Free Knowledge Institute and the Dutch
Pirate Party), the Free Software Foundation Europe and over 900
individuals who signed the petition. Arjan el Fassed, MP for the
Green party (GroenLinks), expressed dissatisfaction with the minister
of Education's answers. The next round of parliamentary questions is
being prepared in collaboration with the activists.
FSFE campaign page - Unlocking education, for growth without limits
The lack of open standards in secondary education (only in Dutch, 5.10.2011)
Answer to Parliamentary questions about the lack of open standards in
secondary education (only in Dutch, 28.10.2011)
Dutch government hands over education's keys to Microsoft (7.11.2011)
Dutch petition (only in Dutch, 27.09.2011)
International petition (28.09.2011)
(contribution from Jan Stedehouder - EDRi-member Vrijschrift - Netherlands)
5. EDRi Responds to BEREC's Consultation on Net Neutrality and Transparency
Net Neutrality is at the centre of the debate in almost every European
institution. The European Commission has been looking at this topic for more
than a year now and is moving more and more away from its initial position
to uphold net neutrality in Europe. In contrast to her own statements in
January 2010, Vice-President Neelie Kroes is now advocating a
wait-and-see-approach stressing the importance of transparency and the
ability to switch operators. In a speech during the EUHackathon on 9
November 2011, Kroes said she heard "allegations that some internet
providers throttle, degrade the quality of services". Earlier this year she
therefore asked the EU Telecom's regulator BEREC to go on a fact-finding
mission in order to prove these "allegations".
Net neutrality was also recently discussed in the European Parliament. The
Industry Committee just adopted a resolution which called on the BEREC to
swiftly publish the evidence emerging from its investigations. The
resolution emphasised that net neutrality is crucial for fundamental
freedoms, innovation and competition. Indeed, there is a growing number of
threats to it, such as blocking of applications and degradation of services.
These experiments with the essence of the Internet have sometimes been
transparently declared by operators themselves and reported by end users and
content providers, while at other times consumers' services have simply been
restricted, without notification or explanation. Not only do operators have
incentives to seize more control over internet traffic, they are also
increasingly under pressure from vested interests to take measures which run
counter to their role as a mere conduit.
On 2 November 2011, EDRi responded to the consultation on BEREC's
"transparency and net neutrality" which will be followed by a paper on
Quality of Service and a report on competition and discrimination issues
next year. BEREC's draft guidelines on transparency however, are in line
with the Commission's wait-and-see approach and argue that transparency is
an effective tool to achieve the regulatory objective of maintaining an open
and competitive Internet.
In its response, EDRi explains that transparency on service restrictions
will lead neither to sufficient protection nor to empowerment of end users.
In the light of numerous transparent and non-transparent violations of the
principle of net neutrality, EDRi expresses its deep concerns about the
Guidelines' apparent acceptance of restricted offers that provide limited
access to the Internet. EDRi fears that relying solely on transparency
requirements and on market forces will lead to the development of a
multiple-tier Internet, to the detriment of citizens' rights and the
competitive online marketplace. Few would be able to access premium managed
services and many would be left in the slow lane with a low quality and
restricted access to the Internet.
EDRi asks the BEREC to design regulatory tools for national regulatory
bodies to ensure that traffic management practices do not unsettle the
Internet ecosystem. The BEREC should promote narrowly-tailored measures to
protect net neutrality and the open Internet's core characteristic as a
unique platform for innovation and freedom of expression defined by end user
EDRi's response to the net neutrality consultation (2.11.2011)
BEREC guidelines on transparency and net neutrality (10.2011)
Speech given by Neelie Kroes on 9 November 2011during the EUHackathon
Net Neutrality Resolution as adopted by ITRE (7.11.2011)
EDRi-gram: Neelie Kroes on Net Neutrality (27.01.2010)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
6. 2011 Public Voice Civil Society Conference: "Privacy is Freedom"
The Public Voice meeting that took place on 31 October 2011 in Mexico City
began with a discussion of the 2009 Madrid declarations (both those from
DPAs and civil society). Most participants felt there had been little
progress towards implementation or acceptance by governments. Peter Schaar
(Federal DPC Germany) stressed that upholding the rights of data subjects
required independent oversight, and that CoE Convention 108 was still
available for regulating  transborder data flows, and was open to
third-countries. Discussions about multilateral vs. single global
instruments were becoming repetitive.
In the panel on Cultures of Privacy, Jacob Kohnstamm (Netherlands DPC &
Art.29 WP Chair) noted that databases were implicated in extensive human
rights violations during WW2, and the families of many Europeans had cause
to remember such risks. David Vladeck (FTC) saw his role not as "referee"
over different and clashing cultures, but to preserve consumer choice;
clicking through EULA "wordbarf" is not "meaningful" consent. He stated US
could not be more different from EU culture, but "we get to the same
result", citing FTC support for "Do Not Track".
Lara Ballard (US State Department) described an Egyptian activist creating a
database identifying members of the secret police (to name and shame them).
Flicker took down the pictures on copyright (not privacy) grounds. The
activist's view was that the secret police had invalidated their own right
to privacy, because their conduct undermined the rule of law itself. Ballard
was sceptical of nostrums about lack of Asian sense of privacy, (e.g.,
non-legal concepts of Japanese politeness are similar) and, cited
sociologist Irwin Altman on privacy as dynamically negotiated social
boundaries. She asserted EU DPCs were mistrustful of major US Internet
companies, but trusted their own governments. She praised the concept of
"accountability agents" and the APEC privacy process. Moderator Alberto
Cerda (Derechos Digitales - Chile) remarked that global agreements for the
enforcement of "intellectual property" already existed, but there seemed to
be little prospect of comparable treaties for privacy.
Zhou Hanhua (China - Social Science Academy) said although China had no
history of privacy, the real concerns of people were similar. China today
may have the worst of both worlds. People felt resigned to marketing privacy
invasions such as endemic mobile voice spam. China has still not enacted a
DP law (and the choice between US and EU systems was most difficult), but on
paper, Constitutional protections were similar to developed countries, and
culture is changing rapidly. Moez Chakchouk (Tunisia) spoke of their first
free election, and new constitution next year. Their main priority was to
transform the former censorship agency into a human rights and privacy
agency (sic). Cerda asked whether EU standards were too high (so few
countries attained adequacy), and Kohnstamm replied national authorities
couldn't do much without co-operation from the rest of the world. Schaar
said the EU should not lower standards, given European history; data
protection will stay a fundamental right in Europe.
Vladeck contrasted common-law vs. civil law cultures; in the EU privacy law
is very specific, in the US not. There was a vocabulary problem. To US ears,
rights mean what is in the US Constitution, "and why do I have to fill in a
form for the police when I check into a hotel in Europe?" - a right not
enforced isn't much of a right. US goals were similar to the EU. "There is
no difference between opt-in and opt-out given current technology" (sic).
Ballard re-iterated support for "accountability agents" ("a new legal regime
accountable to e.g. TRUSTe").
The panel on Raising Public Awareness on Privacy vs. Technology was
moderated by Pablo Molina (US), and began with a description of the new
Brazilian law from Danilo Doneda. Michael Donohue (OECD) stated that
transborder flows of data can be blocked only if there was no adequate
protection of sensitive data. Omer Tene said face recognition was not a new
issue (e.g. police line-ups). His view of consent was that an opt-out should
be sufficient if good information was provided. Thomas Nortvedt (TACD)
emphasized that consumers needed to be able to enforce rights.
Korina Velazquez (MEX) moderated the panel on Children's Privacy Online,
with contributions from Adriana Labardini (Mexico - Alconsumidor), Kristina
Irion (CEU Hungary), and Conchy Martin Rey (TACD). Neuro-marketing
techniques were discussed, and Jeff Chester remarked that the COPPA
legislation was unique in the US, in that it gave opt-in protection (to
minors). There were few answers to a question on when children should attain
legal independence from their parents for the exercise of privacy rights,
given the wide differences between individual children.
Dave Banisar (Article 19) led a conversation with Marc Rotenberg (EPIC) on
the relationship (both deprecated the word "balance") between Privacy and
Freedom of Expression. There were strong analogies between the right to
withhold identity and freedom of expression rights. Business obviously
prefers to conduct their activities unregulated. Banisar remarked that in
the UK, some attempted to justify "phone-hacking" in the name of free
expression, and Rotenberg recalled that Warren & Brandeis stipulated a
public interest exemption in their seminal article. Caspar Bowden asked if a
right of subject access to data in the private sector was feasible in the
US, and Rotenberg replied that the Federal Constitution normally doesn't
coerce private parties, but some state constitutions do. Probably "compelled
speech" cases can be distinguished (to allow a subject access right). EPIC
has pursued information self-determination rights, and this one is on their
"to do" list. The office of the EDPS pointed to the ECJ "Bavarian beer"
case, and their intervention to ensure FOI rights aren't subordinated to
privacy rights, in cases of public interest. Lara Ballard (US State
Department) asked whether government officials had privacy rights when
offering confidential advice. Dave Banisar said no, and deprecated the use
of the word privacy to mean "organizational secrecy".
Simon Davies (PI) moderated the panel on a Right to Forget. Marie-Helen
Boulanger (EU Commission) said the data subjects' existing rights needed to
be clarified, and that the impact of cheap data storage was that many traces
were left in online services. Data must be fully deleted when its processing
would be unlawful, e.g. when the retention period is not in line with the
purpose. However there is no "right to hide" in EU law. Regarding a right to
erasure of public records, it was preferable that unnecessary data was not
collected at all - data minimization remains a sound principle, in
conjunction with privacy-by-design. Peter Fleischer said Google merely
reflected the web, and should be allowed to index whatever is lawful on the
web, and mentioned a possible ECJ referral of the current Spanish case.
Alejandro Pisanty (Mexico) stressed the end-to-end principle of the Internet
(network flows should not depend on the content), and that
Mayer-Schvnberger's idea for self-deleting data would still leave metadata
traces behind, even after content was deleted. Banisar recalled that the
possibility for rehabilitation was an internationally accepted principle in
Freedom of Expression.
Chris Soghoian rounded on Fleischer's assertion that Google "deleted" search
data after nine months, pointing out that their actual practice
(IP-last-byte-deletion) did not even properly anonymize the data. The
important "right to be forgotten" is over the behavioural data we are
scarcely conscious is being collected, but the public debate mostly avoids
this issue, focussing on e.g. tagged photos. The major Internet companies
don't let the user delete behavioural data. Moreover there is the further
issue of aggregate data used to sort users automatically into marketing
buckets. Caspar Bowden asked why Google didn't permit users to delete web
history from a "parallel" logging system, only disclosed by an elliptical
reference in an FAQ outside the privacy statement.
Gus Hosein (PI) moderated the final panel on Government Databases. Caspar
Bowden (EDRi) summarised the effect of the US law FISAA 2008 1881a; that
Cloud providers within US jurisdiction may be coerced into wiretapping their
own datacentres (inside or outside the US) to conduct purely political
surveillance on non-US persons outside the US.
Meryem Marzouki (France - CNRS) made a plea for a data confinement doctrine
and its strict application by law, in response to the vulnerability of
mega-databases to malicious intrusions, technical breaches and unlawful use.
Katitza Rodriguez (EFF), Cedric Laurent (Access) and Jessica Matus Arenas
(Chile) provided analysis on national legislations on data protection and
access to information, respectively in Mexico, Colombia and Chile, as well
as commented the current situation in these countries.
Public Voice conference
Caspar Bowden's presentation at Public Voice event (31.10.2011)
(Contribution by Caspar Bowden - EDRi Observer)
7. 33rd International DPA Conference in Mexico City
The 33rd International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
Commissioners was held in Mexico City, on 2-3 November 2011, hosted by IFAI
(The Mexican Federal Institute for Access to Information and Data
Protection). This year theme, "Privacy, the Global Age", showed the clear
willing of the organizers to make it a direct follow-up to the 31st
Conference held in Madrid and its adopted resolution on global standards. As
a matter of fact, Jacqueline Peschard, IFAI President, called in her opening
remarks for a plan of action to be proposed by this conference. This
commitment to take further steps was shared by most, though not all, of the
DPA (Data Protection Authorities) at the conference.
The two-days conference included four plenary sessions and four sets of four
parallel sessions. A useful innovation consisted in the presentation of
highlights from parallel sessions, to keep the audience updated of all
discussions. While the parallel sessions addressed a broad range of current
hot data protection issues, the plenary sessions focused on various aspects
of the "big and distributed data" challenge: "Observation, Analytics,
Innovation and Privacy", "The Drivers for Data Protection Law in Latin
America, Asia, and Africa", "Security in an Insecure World "and "One Data
Protection Community. Many Cultures, Threats and Risks".
The "big data challenge" was rather overstressed in the first plenary
session, especially through the keynote presentation by Ken Cukier (The
Economist), followed by two panel sessions.
In the first panel session, Jacob Kohnstamm, Peter Schaar and Marie Shroff
(DP Commissioners of The Netherlands, Germany and New Zealand, respectively)
and David Vladeck (FTC, USA) were asked whether the growth of data, its
mining and application challenge the way privacy enforcement agencies
protect individuals. The two European DP Commissioners insisted on the need
for a strict application of the legislation and more independent control
powers given to DPA, while the New Zealand Commissioner rather took the view
that there is a need to move from a focus of compliance to rules towards
being more strategic, identifiy the big risks, strategizing, and move to a
leadership mode or, as she said, "move from a negative mode to a positive
mode". The FTC representative insisted on the changing nature of big data
(collected from smartphones, sensors, social networks.), leading to the
importance of privacy by design. He acknowledged that "the burden has to be
on the company, not on the consumer, to protect the data".
In the second part of this session, gathering a panel of other stakeholders,
Gus Hosein (Privacy International) and Joel Reidenberg (Fordham Law School)
reminded the audience that the basic DP principles still applies. The former
warned that it would be a mistake to only focus on the use of big data while
forgetting about their collection process. The latter insisted on the need
to consider the broader systemic risks arising with big data, as they create
an unprecedented level of transparency of the citizen, who loses any
anonymity and choice capabilities, with the consent model breaking down.
One very informative sessions on new legal developments was the one dealing
with "changing laws in the US and the States".
Frangoise Lebail (EC DG Justice) presented the main features of the deep
reform the EU has undertaken in terms of privacy legislation. She made clear
that the revised legislation, to be adopted at the beginning of next year,
will leave less room for intrepretation for Member States, as the
disparities are currently huge: "no longer legal fragmentation", she said,
mentioning both the national legislations and the two sectors, public and
private, including sectors formerly falling under the 3rd pillar. Other
important new features include: data breach notification, better enforcement
of rights, harmonization and increase of DPAs resources and powers, stronger
cooperation between DPAs (a reflection on a cooperation mechanism is
ongoing). On International aspects, she mentioned the need for a
continuation of EU citizen protection, not only through the adequacy but
also through the interoperability of the different DP schemes.
Lawrence Strickling (NTIA, USA) also introduced the big changes undertaken
in the USA to strengthen the privacy regime towards a general regime of
consumer data privacy, with a large focus on the international
interoperability of DP systems. A white paper will be issued in the weeks to
come, valid for the entire Obama administration, developing a four-pillars
framework: (1) A consumer bill of rights, that should be enacted in
legislation; (2) Codes of conduct developed by stakeholders; (3) Enforcement
of these codes of conducts by FTC; and (4) International interoperability.
One probably needs to wait until this white paper will be made available to
understand the exact share of enforced legislation and of self-regulation
this framework will actually encompass, as well as to which extent industry
lobbies will impose their views in the so-called multi-stakeholder process
of codes of conduct development.
"International interoperability" seems thus to be the new buzzword, and the
most that would be conceded in international discussions on a global privacy
and data protection framework. Civil society, as well as many DPAs, expect
more, though. They expect global privacy and data protection standards, and
this was precisely the topic addressed at the session on "Global Standards
Linked to Global Value", organized and moderated by Lillie Coney (Electronic
Privacy Information Center).
During this session, Jvrg Polakiewicz (Council of Europe) introduced the
major features of the current revision of Convention 108 that will soon
been submitted to consultation, and insisted on the fact that this
Convention is and will still be open to signatures and ratifications by
third countries, being the ideal vehicle towards a global privacy and data
protection standard.
Rafel Garcia (Spanish DPA) reminded the main advances of the Madrid
Resolution on global standards, adopted at the 31st DPA two years ago, and
mentioned the progress, though slow, made since then.
Meryem Marzouki (EDRi) took as a starting point the Madrid Civil Society
Declaration on "Global Privacy Standards in a Global World" adopted at the
2009 Public Voice Civil Society Conference organized in Madrid, in liaison
with the DPA Conference. She identified 6 main steps for an urgent action
plan to implement the provisions of this Declaration. EDRi representative
also reacted to the way the "big data" issue (or rather propaganda, in view
of radical deregulation of privacy forced by technological determinism, as
many civil society representative analysed) was addressed during the
conference. Meryem Marzouki reminded that "privacy is a fundamental human
right, that shouldn't be adapted to new technical developments or economic
models". Asking to put this dialectic back on its feet, she added that "it
is rather the technical, economic and behavioral norms that should comply to
international human rights standards."
The next International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy
Commissioners will certainly bring interesting follow-up to this year
conference, especially with the new EU and US legislative frameworks, as
well as the revised Council of Europe Convention 108 being discussed. The
34th Conference will be held again in Latin America (Uruguay).
33rd DPA Conference, Mexico City (2-3.11.2011)
31st DPA Conference, Madrid (4-6.11. 2009)
The Madrid Civil Society Declaration (3.11.2009)
Meryem Marzouki (EDRi) Presentation (3.11.2011)
"Big data and Small Agencies" - Colin Bennet's Reflections on the 33rd DPA
Conference (7.11.2011)
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki (EDRI member IRIS - France)
8. Will the new flawed EU-US PNR agreement be approved by the EP?
In May 2011, the European Commission's Legal Service said the EU-USA PNR
agreement on the transfer of personal data of travellers flying from Europe
to the US was not compatible with fundamental rights. Five months later a
new, but similarly flawed version, is now presented to the European
With the US side having kept pressing the EU on finalising the PNR
agreement, a new slightly changed version is now under discussion. Although
the new text still raises privacy concerns, it seems unlikely that the
European Parliament will reject this version.
Commissioner Malmstrvm presented details of the new EU-US agreement to the
German newspaper FAZ on 9 November 2011. While Parliamentarians
currently do not have the right to talk about details of the negotiations,
the Commission has apparently every right to go on a promotion campaign. The
text of the Agreement is available for Parliamentarians in a secret reading
room of the  EU-Parliament where they can only read it, but do not have the
right to take photos or notes. It is bizarre that there has been no reaction
so far by MEPs on the fact that the German newspaper got briefed before the
official briefing for the rapporteur and shadow rapporteurs which took place
only on 15 November. This is clearly in breach of art.
218(10) TFEU, which reads "The European Parliament shall be immediately and
fully informed at all stages of the procedure."
The retention period for the all data remains 15 years but now there are
restrictions for accesing that data after 10 years for serious crimes, such
as drug and human trafficking.
Also, under the draft deal, the data sent to US authorities would become  "pseudonymous" after six months which means that some data would be masked  out although still available in case of an event. Other data, including  frequent flier info and payment/biling info will still be unmasked.
The data would remain in an "active" database easily accessible to US
officials for five years, and then would be transferred to a "dormant"
database which will require stricter conditions to be accessed. The US
police or intelligence officers can retrieve or black out the data only with
special permission from a superior.
"Whatever they did are just cosmetic changes, the substance of blanket data
retention has remained. And even if they say personal data will be
'anonymised' after six months, the US still keeps all the records for 15
years," said German Green MEP Jan Philipp Albrecht.
In his opinion, the agreement still violates EU data privacy rules as the US
will still access and store all private data, (including telephone numbers,
email addresses and even credit card data).
MEP Sophie in't Veld (LIBE / Netherlands), said that her group would wait
for legal advice before deciding on the vote but also expressed concern
regarding the fact that the text still allows the use of data for boarder
purposes than the fight against terrorism and organised crime. She also
showed her disappointment that after a long negotiation period, the final
version of the text is still only very little better than what MEPs have
continuously been asking for some years now.
"If this is what we are able to get out of our closest allies, what will
come out of negotiations with other countries? South Korea and Qatar are
also interested in PNR agreements, South Africa, Malaysia and Cuba are
preparing demands and it will be only a matter of time until Russia and
China will want this, too," stated Sophie in't Veld.
Michele Cercone, spokesman for EU Home Affairs Commissioner Cecilia
Malmstroem, stated however that, in their opinion, the new draft was a big
improvement to the last text: "The new agreement will guarantee that PNR
data will be used for restricted and well defined purposes, which are
fighting transnational crime and terrorism."
According to the proponents of the new treaty, the EU is not in the best
position to negotiate considering that European airlines will have to pass
travellers' information to the US authorities in order to be able to fly to
the US. By rejecting the agreement, the EU may put airlines in the position
to face potential law cases for infringing privacy regulations.
In October 2011, a PNR agreement with Australian was approved by MEPs but in
that case the retention period is only five and a half years and the data
transfer is limited to terrorism and organised crime.
Unhappy MEPs to approve passenger data deal (11.11.2011)
FAZ article with Commissioner Malmstrvm (only in German, 10.11.2011)
EU, US pen new passenger data deal to ease privacy fears (11.11.2011)
EDRi-gram: EU-US PNR agreement found incompatible with human rights
9. ENDitorial: Copyright combinatronics
Although the creation of the single market has been the primary focus of
the European Union for decades, it often seems that for every step
forward it takes two back. In that respect it's often rather interesting
to look at the mathematics as they play out in the different directives
that come out of Brussels.
The EU Copyright Directive outlines 21 different optional exceptions or
limitations to the right of reproduction of copyrighted works. Each
country implementing the directive can choose to either include or leave
out the exception clause.
If we imagine this as a set of 21 switches where each has two positions,
then to calculate the number of total possible configurations for these
switches we multiply together the number of options for each one:
2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2, or written more concisely,
2^21 (two to the power of twenty-one).
This gives us 2.097.152 different ways to implement the directive.
But it gets better. After the 21 exception clauses for reproduction
rights, there comes a paragraph stating that where the Member States may
provide exceptions or limitations for reproduction, they may provide
similarly an exception or limitation to the right of distribution.
This can be understood in at least two different ways, with radically
different results. On the one hand, if you have an exception on
reproduction then you may also have the same exception for distribution
(meaning we'd have 21 switches with 3 settings each), or on the other
hand, you may apply the same exception independently of each other
(meaning we'd have 42 switches with 2 settings each, or 21 switches with
4 settings - doesn't matter). The wording suggests the latter, but at
the same time it seems slightly absurd to have an "oh by the way you may
also" in a directive; there are other cleaner ways to approach this.
There is probably some literature that I'm unaware of about which one
they mean, but it's easier to do the math on both cases than it is to
navigate through commission and parliament documentation.
The first case is a three step process where each exception can be
either "off", "on for reproduction" or "on for reproduction and
distribution". This means we get three to the power of twenty-one
options, totalling 10.460.353.203.
The second case is a four step process where each exception can be
"off", "on for reproduction", "on for distribution", or "on for
reproduction and distribution". This gives us four to the power of
twenty-one options, totalling 4.398.046.511.104.
That's either ten billion or four trillion ways to implement the
copyright directive, depending on how you read article 5, paragraph 4.
It's very hard to visualize numbers of this size, but the larger number
is about fifteen times larger than the number of stars in our galaxy.
This back-of-envelope analysis doesn't even touch on the combinatorical
implications of different understandings of the details of articles 5.5,
6 and 7 in particular, and in general the rest of the directive, mostly
because they're less directly quantifiable. Let alone the distinction
between "exception" and "limitation", which could easily
bring the number up significantly.
This basically means that, a priori, there is a one in three hundred and
eighty million chance that any two member states come up with the same
implementation, taking the slightly better case. How does that serve the
ideal of a single market? It looks like internal dissolution about the
specifics of the exception clauses, with each country being difficult in
its own little way and no political hardheadedness forcing a tenable
solution, has yielded a completely useless directive in terms of
While it is true that all the member states could in theory decide on
the same exceptions, making this headache go away, the fact that they're
all optional suggests that, in each case, there was at least some strongly
for and some strongly against. At some point somebody must have gotten
so tired of debating the exceptions that they just lumped all of them
together under optional and decided to let the Member States figure it out.
What this shows is that the EU is not effectively managing to create a
single market, and through its policy on intellectual monopolies may
even be pushing the markets further apart. The question of who stands to
gain from this state of affairs is left as an exercise to the reader.
(Contribution by Smari McCarthy  -  International Modern Media Institute)
10. Recommended Action
Stop ACTA !
Beat the censor - online game
11. Recommended Reading
Civil society letter against the US SOPA law - Stop Online Piracy Act
EU charter creating "confusion" on human rights (11.11.2011)
Want to create a really strong password? Don't ask Google (8.11.2011)
INTA chairman defends secrecy (12.11.2011)
12. Agenda
24-25 November 2011, Vienna, Austria
"Our Internet - Our Rights, Our Freedoms"
Towards the Council of Europe Strategy on Internet Governance 2012 - 2015
30 November 2011, Brussels, Belgium
Horizon 2020: investing in the common good
Treating knowledge as a public good in EU research and innovation
27-30 December 2011, Berlin, Germany
28C3 - 28th Chaos Communication Congress
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
Abstracts deadline: 20 December 2011
13. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing

@_date: 2011-11-30 19:37:41
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.23, 30 November 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.23, 30 November 2011
1. Scarlet v SABAM: a win for fundamental rights and Internet freedoms
2. Proposed US-EU PNR Agreement made public
3. Dutch Parliament: no discussions on ACTA if negotiations are still secret
4. Turkey launches Internet filtering scheme
5. US crackdown on global domain names and IP addresses continues
6. Italian Police blocks sites that had banners to alleged illegal websites
7. EU-US summit joint statement ignores European civil rights
8. Two years into the Stockholm Programme: on the way to e-Fortress Europe?
9. New Guidelines to RFID Privacy Impact Assessments
10. ENDitorial: Advocate General on Data Retention: Strange answer&question
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Scarlet v SABAM: a win for fundamental rights and Internet freedoms
On 24 November 2011, the European Court of Justice decided that an Internet
service provider (ISP) can not be ordered to install a system of filtering
of all electronic communications and blocking certain content in order to
protect intellectual property rights. The Court largely based its decision
on the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
The ruling is hugely important for the openness of the Internet, and
therefore for the fundamental rights value and the economic value of the
SABAM (the Belgian collective society - Sociiti belge des auteurs,
compositeurs et iditeurs) wanted the ISP Scarlet to install a generalised
filtering system for all incoming and outgoing electronic communications
passing through its services and to block potentially unlawful
communications. In First Instance, while refusing the liability of the ISP,
the Brussels Court concluded that the SABAM's claim was legitimate and that
a filtering system had to be deployed. Scarlet appealed and the case was
referred to the Court of Justice of the European Union.
In its decision, the Court of Justice ruled that a filtering and blocking
system for all its customers for an unlimited period, in abstracto and as
preventive measure, violates fundamental rights, more particularly the right
to privacy, freedom of communication and freedom of information. In
addition, it breaches the freedom of ISPs to conduct business.
The EU ruling underlines the importance of an open and neutral Internet,
respecting fundamental rights. The alternative would have lead to a
permanent surveillance and filtering of all European networks. The
consequences would have been catastrophic for democracy, civil rights and
the Internet economy. The role of Internet intermediaries is to provide the
infrastructures and services that allow users to access and use the
Internet, not to police the flows of traffic to privately enforce
intellectual property rights. By protecting ISPs, the ruling is likely to
preserve key elements of the online economy and society. The Court sought
the right balance between the interest of the rightsholders on the one hand
and the interests of the ISPs and of citizens on the other hand.
Internet blocking is not completely banned by the decision neither does it
deny ISPs' liability in every situation. On the former, the EU Court had to
rule on the liability of the type of blocking/filtering that was proposed.
On that point, it declared that the level of filtering and blocking asked
for in the case was too broad in terms of material and geographic scopes,
that the legitimate interests of society as a whole outweighed the other
interests at stake and that the unlimited and open-ended nature of the
blocking was excessive. As a result, the Court ruled that the proposed
measures were in violation of the European law. The Court could not have
made a ruling on unknown future technologies and developments or answered
questions it was not asked. On ISP liability, the ruling avoids the
circumvention of the existing EU law. In the current framework in the
e-commerce Directive (2000/31/EC), the ISP cannot be held liable for its
customers' behaviour when the ISP is unaware of illegal activity.
Far from creating a law free zone, the ruling sets safeguards to better
protect fundamental rights on the Internet. The decision re-establishes the
importance of the rule of law in the digital environment. Illegal behaviour
remains illegal but the policing stays the responsibility of the state, and
the liability stays on the person responsible for the illegal content.
ECJ Decision Scarlet vs Sabam (24.11.2011)
Press release and FAQ from EDRi (24.11.2011)
Press release from ECJ (24.11.2011)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
2. Proposed US-EU PNR Agreement made public
On 17 November 2011, U.S. and EU officials initialled a proposed agreement
to authorize airlines to forward passenger name record (PNR) data to the
U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Although the agreement cannot
take effect without the approval of the European Parliament and the Council,
MEPs could read the proposed agreement only in a sealed room where they
could not take notes or make copies.
This week the complete text on which the European Parliament will vote has
finally been made public, revealing a failure to address the concerns raised
by the Parliament and continued shortfalls in data protection, due process,
and protection of fundamental rights.
In its resolution of 5 May 2010, the Parliament said that the PNR agreement
should take the form of a treaty, recognize the fundamental right to
freedom of movement, prohibit the use of PNR data for data mining or
profiling, and take into consideration "PNR data which may be available
from sources not covered by international agreements, such as computer
reservation systems located outside the EU." The proposed agreement
does not meet these criteria, and does not mention any of these issues.
The agreement would require that DHS copies of PNRs be "depersonalized"
after 6 months. But the "depersonalized" DHS copy of each PNR would still
include a unique record locator. There is no data protection law in the
U.S. for commercial data. So, at any time - secretly, without a court
order, and without violating U.S. law or the U.S.-EU agreement - the DHS
could use the record locator to obtain a copy of the complete PNR from the
computer reservation systems.
The agreement claims that all DHS access to PNR data will be logged. But
when individuals have requested these logs, both the DHS and European
airlines have said that they didn't exist. Without access logs, there can
be no accountability or oversight.
According to the agreement, any individual is entitled to "request" access
or corrections to their PNR data under the Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA). But most PNR data is exempt from FOIA. Under both the agreement
and U.S. law, you are entitled to request your PNR data, and the DHS is
entitled to say "No".
FOIA is not a data protection law. FOIA never requires any accounting of
usage or disclosure of data. FOIA never requires correction of records.
FOIA does not restrict what information is collected or how it is used.
U.S. courts have no authority under FOIA to take any action against misuse
or disclosure of personal information. The agreement says that individuals
may "seek" or "petition" for judicial review in U.S. courts. But such a
petition related to violations of the agreement would be denied.
The proposed agreement would protect travel companies against enforcement
of EU data protection laws, while failing to protect the rights of
travellers. Because the proposed agreement does not provide an adequate
level of protection for the processing of personal data, as required by
the EU Data Protection Directive and Article 8 of the Charter of
Fundamental Rights, EDRi recommends that the Council and the Parliament
should reject the proposed agreement.
Text of the PNR Agreement (23.11.2011)
Analysis of the proposed U.S.-EU agreement on PNR transfers to the DHS
(with links to the full text in English, German, and French, 28.11.2011)
Analysis of the proposed agreement by NoPNR! (only in in German, 28.11.2011)
EDRi archive of articles about PNR
(Contribution by Edward Hasbrouck, PapersPlease.org - EDRi observer)
3. Dutch Parliament: no discussions on ACTA if negotiations are still secret
ACTA is creating quite some noise, not only internationally but also
domestically. National Parliaments, including the Dutch Parliament, will
have to decide whether they will approve ACTA or not. In order to
correctly assess the implications of ACTA, the Dutch Parliament
requested publication of all preparatory documents on ACTA.
The Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs, Agriculture and Innovation,
Maxime Verhagen, would only hand over these documents if
parliamentarians vowed not to reveal anything about these documents.
Last week, the Dutch Parliament debated the imposed restrictions. A majority
of the Parliament indicated that ACTA could not be discussed in
Parliament before all information on the negotiations is disclosed
without conditions.
EDRi-member Bits of Freedom sent, in preparation of this debate, a letter to
the Parliament that underlined the problems associated with ACTA and advised
to not accept the imposed restrictions, as these would prohibit the
Parliament from discussing the treaty freely in public and consult experts.
Dutch parliament refuses ACTA secrecy (23.11.2011)
Absurd obligation of confidentiality on ACTA blocks public debate (only in
Dutch, 21.11.2011)
Parliament demands moratorium on anti-counterfeiting treaty ACTA (only in
Dutch, 23.11.2011)
(Contribution by Rebecca Roskam EDRi-member Bits of Freedom volunteer -
4. Turkey launches Internet filtering scheme
Turkish Information Technologies and Communications Authority (BTK) launched
the Internet safety scheme on 22 November 2011, as planned, but on a
voluntary basis, following the fierce criticism and opposition to the
original plans to introduce a mandatory filtering system.
Internet users may sign up with their ISPs for the free of charge filtering
system which blocks "objectionable content", being able to choose from three
variants: child, family and domestic. When an Internet user wants to choose
one of the filtering variants, BTK issues a new user name and password
enabling the user's access to the chosen filtering system. The users who
want to stop using the Internet filtering can change back to a standard
no-filter profile.
Although voluntary, the system still raises concerns, one of them being the
supervision of the system by a new committee called Child and Family
Profiles Criteria Working Committee which, in the opinion of law professor
Yaman Akdeniz of Bilgi University in Istanbul "... does not look independent
nor impartial." The professor also believes that the state authorities may
be in the position to impose moral values.
More worrying is the fact that the filter blocks not only adult content, but
some 130 search terms, including "separatist" content from the PKK and
Kurdish rights groups.  "I also believe that the Turkish authorities are not
only trying to protect children but also adults from the 'so called harmful
content '," said Akdeniz.
Moreover, as frequently proven by liberty activists and IT experts,
filtering is not a real solution to solve real Internet threats to children.
Filters are easy to circumvent, costly and, in most of the case, can lead to
blocking innocent content in the process.
State censorship can be easily masked by apparently justified reasons such
as threats to family and children. Under the cover of protecting children,
governments may try to include political censorship by including on the
filtering list words that relate more to political criticism and opposition
than to child pornography or terrorism.
This Week in Internet Censorship: Opaque Censorship in Turkey, Russia, and
Britain (23.11.2011)
New Internet filtering system available after 3-month test period
EDRigram: Turkey postpones its Internet filtering plans (24.08.2011)
5. US crackdown on global domain names and IP addresses continues
US authorities have resumed their "Operation in Our Sites" in order to
attempt to fight counterfeit and piracy-related websites. During this
second annual "Cyber Monday" crackdown, the Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE) has shut down 150 websites from all over the world.
The recent introduction of draft bills, such as the Stop Online Piracy Act
(SOPA) and PROTECT IP Act (PIPA) now aims at providing a legal basis for
domain names and IP address seizures. SOPA's broad definitions could indeed
mean that no online resource in the global Internet would be outside US
In response to these legislative proposals and repeated unilateral
measures against European websites, the European Parliament adopted a
resolution on 17 November 2011 in preparation of the EU/US summit stressing
"the need to protect the integrity of the global internet and freedom of
communication by refraining from unilateral measures to revoke IP
addresses or domain names." The joint EU/US summit declaration published on
28 November 2011 indeed says: "We share a commitment to a single, global
Internet, and will resist unilateral efforts to weaken the security,
reliability, or independence of its operations".
However, despite the big show of opposition to the US bills and the
Parliament's actions, Internet filtering and blocking schemes like SOPA
and PIPA are still on the agenda on the other side of the Atlantic
claiming worldwide jurisdiction for domain names and IP addresses. According
to recent reports, attempts to terminate the Internet's end-to-end
architecture also seem to get even closer to the core of the Internet. This
sort of access restriction is an experiment with key functions of the
Internet, increasing the risk of fragmentation of the global Internet and as
one co-chair of RIPE's DNS Working group stated, this gives restrictive
tools "to the bad guys".
Another attempt to govern the Internet is for instance the latest
international law enforcement action by the FBI against a large botnet.
During this action, the FBI, without a court order or without a legal
basis, took over the address blocks used by the botnet's nameservers and
then assigned those address blocks to Internet Systems Consortium's
(ISC) nameservers. The European Regional Internet Registry RIPE-NCC was
rather concerned about the implications of getting involved in policy
and governance issues and has now sued the public prosecutor's office to
get a judicial decision on the question whether they had sufficient
legal ground to order the temporary "lock" of the registrations. The
implications of RIPE having to respond to such orders, particularly due
to the very wide geographic coverage of its activities, would be very
severe indeed.
List of blocked web sites by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)
EU-US Summit Resolution by the European Parliament (15.11.2011)
EU-US Summit Joint Declaraion (28.11.2011)
Civil society, human rights groups urge Congress to reject the Stop
Online Piracy Act (15.11.2011)
IP Watch: Filtering and Blocking Closer To The Core Of The Internet?
RIPE NCC Intends to Seek Clarification from Dutch Court on Police Order to
Temporarily Lock Registration (16.11.2011)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
6. Italian Police blocks sites that had banners to alleged illegal websites
The Italian cybercrime police, Guardia di Finanza Agropoli, has recently
DNS blocked a series of websites that were offering links to content indexed
on BitTorrent, cyberlockers and eDonkey networks. Five of
the blocked sites belonged to Italianshare.net network, which were
allegedly releasing the links to the movies, games or music before their
commercial release. Two more websites that had nothing to do with that
network were also blocked.
According to Guardia di Finanza, the sites had advertising and donation
accounts operating through PayPal giving the authority the reason to
investigate them under commercial piracy and tax evasion accusations. The
on-going investigation has led to complaints filed by several anti-piracy
groups against the alleged leaders of the websites, resulting in the seizure
of their computer equipment.
But also two innocent websites, italianstylewebsite.net and
freeplayclub.org, have fallen victim of this action being, apparently by
mistake, associated to the investigated sites. The owners of the two
websites have both reacted by stating their sites were perfectly legal,
their only link with Italianshare.net being an exchange of banners. Their
sites hosted only legal links to free downloadable software of computer
Furthermore, the two owners stated that they had received no previous
warning from the authorities and that initially they thought they had
problems with their DNS. Having not received any official notification, they
did not even know to whom to address in order to prove the legality of their
Fulvio Sarzana, the lawer of the alleged owner of Italianshare.net
network, stated that, after a first analysis, he believed there had been an
obvious anomaly of the preventive seizure procedure.
Sarzana's opinion is that the measures taken by the police are incompatible
with the free flow of information on the web, as well as the free expression
of thought in online forums.  "The principle which we must begin with is
that any illegality should be suppressed and not encouraged, when you are
certain of course, without prejudice and preconceived ideas about the
navigability associated with the P2P service which was used for illegal
activity. And when the instruments used to preventively suppress are not in
the position to harm constitutional values or rights of third parties."
The lawyer warned on the fact that if such preventive seizure can be thus
used "without a scrupulous control of alternative means to repress illegal
content", this instrument can also be used in cases of defamation through
the information media or just blogs. "With a very strong impact upon the
freedom of information on the Internet."
Italianshare, the word to the defenders (only in Italian, 17.11.2011)
Free Play Club, a surprise seizure (only in Italian, 16.11.2011)
Italianstylewebsite / another surprise seizure (only in Italian, 17.11.2011)
Italian Anti-Piracy Blockade Takes Legit Sites Offline (18.11.2011)
Cybercrime Police Shut Down Five File-Sharing Sites (11.11.2011)
7. EU-US summit joint statement ignores European civil rights
A common statement issued at the EU-US summit that took place on 28 November
2011 at the White House in Washington included several aspects with direct
impact on digital civil rights that shows the US have succeeded again in
obtaining what they wanted, while the European Union representatives have
failed to protect the EU citizens fundamental rights, especially the right
to privacy.
The statement clearly states that while the PNR agreement was negotiated,
there is still no deadline for an EU-US data protection agreement.
"We welcome the successful completion of negotiations on a new Passenger
Name Record agreement, and look forward to its early adoption and
ratification" says item 18 of the statement which continues by mentioning
the intention to finalize negotiations on a "comprehensive EU-U.S. data
privacy and protection agreement that provides a high level of privacy
protection for all individuals and thereby facilitates the exchange of data
needed to fight crime and terrorism."
US have also pushed in support for the CoE Cybercrime Convention, but there
is nothing stated in relation with a commitment to ratify or at least start
to negotiate any of the fundamental rights conventions of the CoE. Also, the
US has rejected a request from the Commission to include net neutrality in
the statement, but they have managed to get in their wording on the
engagement with the private sector.
"We welcome the progress made by the EU-U.S. Working Group on Cyber-security
and Cyber-crime, notably the successful Cyber Atlantic 2011 exercise. We
endorse its ambitious goals for 2012, including combating online sexual
abuse of children; enhancing the security of domain names and Internet
Protocol addresses; promotion of international ratification, including by
all EU Member States, of the Budapest Convention on Cybercrime ideally by
year's end; establishing appropriate information exchange mechanisms to
jointly engage with the private sector; and confronting the unfair market
access barriers that European and U.S. technology companies face abroad,"
says item18 of the joint statement.
EU-U.S. Summit joint statement (28.11.2011)
8. Two years into the Stockholm Programme: on the way to e-Fortress Europe?
It has been two years now since the Stockholm Programme - a 5-year plan for
Justice and Home Affairs - was adopted. On 24 November 2011, an experts'
and activists' round table, organised in the European Parliament, raised
the question whether Europe was on its way to an e-Fortress. The
discussions focused on the proposal for so-called smart borders, the
processing of air passenger data (PNR) and the creation of a European
Border Surveillance System (EUROSUR).
With the introduction of smart borders, the European Commission aims at
implementing more effective border surveillance against "irregular
migration" by the use of drone planes, satellite and surveillance systems,
unmanned ground or marine vehicles and even combat robots. EUROSUR is a
further attempt by the European Commission to reduce the number of illegal
immigrants entering the European Union, to develop common tools and
instruments for Member States and to permit an EU-wide exchange of data. A
legislative proposal is expected to be published by the Commission around 7
December 2011.
Sergio Carrera, first speaker of the round table and senior research
fellow at the Centre for European Policy Studies (CEPS), criticised the
current policy making in the field of security saying that it was not
evidence based and that debates on necessity were non-existent, thus
fundamental rights always play a secondary role. During the development
of every new project, the presumption of innocence, the consent of
individuals and the principle of non-discrimination are rarely taken
into account. He doubted that the gaps of Frontex could be closed by
Owe Langfeldt and Gabriel Blaj from the EDPS stressed the importance
that the Commission should provide clear proof that future security
policy measures were necessary and effective after their implementation.
They also warned of a function creep, called for clear purpose
limitation and criticised that through the introduction of profiling,
for example via PNR agreements, a generalised suspicion was laid upon
society. Blaj added that the subgroup on borders and law enforcement of the
Article 29 Working Group has recently decided to react on the proposals by
the Commission.
Erich Tvpfer's (Cilip & Statewatch) short input focused on the corporate
interest in the field of security policy and on the fact that border and
security measures involve a powerful security-industry complex. Detailed
information can be found in "Arming Big Brother" analysis and in a report
for the Transnational Institute which explains how most of the European
security research projects have been outsourced to the corporations that
have the most to gain from their implementation and examines the EU
security-industrial complex.
An open debate followed the short presentations during which the
participants of the round table discussed future activities, possible
arguments, cooperation and initiatives. The debate centred on useful
arguments to counter those in favor of the introduction of more surveillance
measures. The participants agreed on the necessity of an evaluation of
existing systems, of impact and cost assessments. Highlighting the export of
Western surveillance technologies to the Middle East was suggested, in order
to name and shame companies. At the same time, It is crucial for civil
society to provide MEPs with counter-facts (regarding EU-PNR for instance).
Tony Bunyan, Director of Statewatch, summarized the debated issues at
the end of the event. He pointed out that a very first proposal for
EU-PNR already collapsed in 2007 when the European Parliament opposed
it. Now, the Parliament and the Commission only needed to be reminded of
their own history. However, Bunyan also emphasized the necessity of
campaigns outside the Parliament, from the "ground", which would be far
more effective than those that focus on winning a majority in the EP only.
European Commission Communication: Smart Border - options and the way ahead
Statewatch Analysis: Arming Big Brother
Transnational Institute : NeoConOpticon Report, The EU
Security-Industrial Complex
Programme of the event: Two Years into the Stockholm Programme - on the
way to e-Fortress Europe? (24.11.2011)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
9. New Guidelines to RFID Privacy Impact Assessments
On 25 November 2011 the German Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)
and the Institute for Management Information Systems of the Vienna
University of Economics and Business (WU) held an expert symposium on RFID
Privacy Impact Assessments in Berlin and presented their BSI Privacy Impact
Assessment (PIA) Guidelines.
The PIA guidelines are based on the RFID PIA Framework, a kind of
co-regulation instrument that was signed by Vice President of the European
Commission Neelie Kroes and industry representatives earlier this year. The
goal of the guidelines is to explain the PIA Framework and to provide RFID
application operators with an in-depth understanding of the framework
terminology and proposed procedures. The methodology outlined in the
document is understood to be a concretion of the generic process outlined in
the PIA framework.
The PIA guidelines will help European RFID operators to ensure a high level
of data protection, which can be seen as an important aspect of quality and
a unique selling proposition for European companies, said Professor Sarah
Spiekermann, Head of the Institute for Management Information Systems. The
PIA guidelines are available from the symposium website. PIA case studies
for three different sectors will soon be published by BSI.
In his presentation at the symposium the German Federal Commissioner for
Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Peter Schaar, explained that,
while Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) might not be able to check each and
every PIA report, in future, the results of privacy impact assessments and
the implementation of their results will be important aspects in data
protection inspections. He therefore asked, that PIA reports and the data
protection goals identified in the course of the PIA process should be made
transparent to DPAs and individuals.
Furthermore, Mr. Schaar called for PIA frameworks being defined on the
European level and for the establishment of a European data protection
competence centre, which should work on technical means and measures for
data protection.
The European Data Protection Supervisor, Peter Hustinx, stressed in his
contribution the need to reduce the unhelpful diversity in EU member states'
data protection legislation. While there is no need to reinvent data
protection, it is necessary to make the current principles work better, to
improve the definition of responsibilities and to ensure a better
compliance, he said. With regard to privacy impact assessments, Mr. Hustinx
envisaged that these could be optional in some cases while being compulsory
in others.
A coherent European approach to the implementation of the RFID Privacy
Impact Assessment Framework will be in the centre of a conference organised
by the European Commission on 8 February 2012 in Brussels, where experiences
with the PIA Framework and the future of the European Commission's RFID
Recommendation will be discussed.
As EDRi already expressed earlier, the success of RFID Privacy Impact
Assessments will, to a large extend, depend on the quality of the
assessment. In particular, it will be crucial to address and eliminate risks
that stem from third parties and are not directly related with the RFID
applications operated by a given company, but facilitate the RFID tags
disseminated by the company.
Expert Symposium on RFID Privacy Impact Assessments, 25.11.2011, Austrian
Embassy Berlin
RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Guidelines
Federal Office for Security in Information technology - RFID PIA (only in
EDRi-gram: EU supports RFID with proper protection of consumers' privacy
EDRi-gram: RFID Privacy Impact Assessment Framework formally adopted
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: RFID PIA: Check against delivery
European Commission Conference: 08.02.2012: Implementation of the RFID
Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) Framework
(Contribution by Andreas Krisch - EDRi)
10. ENDitorial: Advocate General on Data Retention: Strange answer&question
The Advocate General of the European Court of Justice recently issued an
opinion on the case of Bonnier Audio vs Perfect Communication Sweden (case
no. C-461/10). The question to be answered was whether data retention
Directive and/or articles 3, 4, 5 and 11 of the E-Privacy Directive prevent
Member States from permitting internet service providers in civil
proceedings to be ordered to give copyright holders information on
subscribers that allegedly infringed intellectual property rights, as
foreseen by Article 8 of the IPR Enforcement Directive. The
question partly seeks to answer itself, by explicitly demanding an
assumption that the measure is proportionate and that evidence has been
"adduced" evidence of an infringement.
The answer from the Advocate General is, "no", there is nothing in the Data
Retention Directive nor the E-Privacy Directive which would prevent a
national administration from imposing a measure requiring stored data to
be used to identify people within the scope of the IPR Enforcement
Directive. However, such information should be stored for the purpose of
possible disclosure to IPR holders, according to detailed national
provisions and compliant with EU law on data protection.
He bases this view on various elements. Firstly, regarding the Data
Retention Directive, he explains that this is not relevant in the context of
this specific case.
However, his views on the E-Privacy Directive are the most interesting and
difficult to comprehend. This analysis explains that Member States may
impose data retention for purposes outside the scope of the legal basis of
the Directives. This analysis was confirmed by the European Commission in a
declaration at the time of adoption of the Directive. As the Commission
explained in its position on the common position, "the present Directive
based on Article 95 of the Treaty cannot include substantive provisions on
law enforcement measures. It should neither prohibit nor approve any
particular measure Member States may deem necessary."
Article 15 of the E-Privacy Directive does explain that such an infringement
of the fundamental right to privacy must be adequately
justified - namely that any such measure be "necessary, appropriate and
proportionate measure within a democratic society to safeguard national
security (i.e. State security), defence, public security, and the
prevention, investigation, detection and prosecution of criminal offences or
of unauthorised use of the electronic communication system, as referred to
in Article 13(1) of Directive 95/46/EC." However, the Advocate General is
clear that the restrictions described in Article 15.1 of the E-Privacy
Directive must be respected for any data storage to be legal.
The Advocate General makes no effort to explain why such a measure would or
could be "necessary" as well as being proportionate (the question attempts
to preempt the court by explaining that proportionality is assumed). This is
surprising when we bear in mind the only position taken so far on long-term,
suspicionless retention of data on innocent citizens - the
Telefonica/Promusicae case. In that case, the Advocate General argued that
"(i)t may be doubted whether the storage of traffic data of all users
without any concrete suspicion - laying in a stock, as it were - is
compatible with fundamental rights." How did we move from a situation before
the adoption of the Charter of Fundamental Rights where an Advocate General
said that data retention per se is of questionable legality, to a position
now, under the Charter, where an Advocate General believes it is permissible
for narrow business interests - ignoring the fact that data retention was
explicitly implemented under the condition that it was for fighting "serious
crime"? Maybe the answer lies in the fact that the question demands that the
ECJ makes the very dubious assumption that the measure being imposed is
Having ignored the part of the Telefonica/Promusicae case that highlighted
the serious dangers of data retention for fundamental rights, perhaps the
oddest interpretation is the one that relies on analysis in that case. The
Advocate General explains that, during the implementation of Directives in
national law, a fair balance of different fundamental rights must be
respected. This is odd because the case in question does not concern
implementation of EU Directives into national laws, it concerns the question
whether new, additional and unforeseen implementations of data retention are
forbidden by the relevant legislation or not.
Starting from this questionable logical basis, the Advocate General treats
private property "rights" of narrow business interests as fully equal to the
rights of citizens as a whole. While this is unfortunately, in abstract
terms, correct, he then fails to address the fact that, in specific terms,
it is not appropriate to treat narrow business interests as of equal value
as the privacy of the entire society. This position has, thankfully, already
been contradicted by the Court in last week's Scarlet/Sabam case, where the
judges ruled that "The protection of the right to intellectual property is
indeed enshrined in Article 17(2) of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of
the European Union. There is, however, nothing whatsoever in the wording of
that provision or in the Court's case-law to suggest that that right is
inviolable and must for that reason be absolutely protected."
However, the ultimate conclusion that the Advocate General comes to is
probably the only possible one as a result of the very leading way in which
the question was posed. Having been asked to assume that any such measure
was proportionate (and assuming that intellectual property breaches are
criminal offences), there is nothing in the Directives mentioned in the
question which would prevent a Member State from introducing a new law to
require data retention for intellectual property enforcement purposes - as
long as the minimum criteria set out in the E-Privacy Directive are
It is to be hoped that the Court will not restrict itself to the very
questionable assumption of proportionality and address necessity and
proportionality as well. If it does, the result should be quite different,
as Advocate General Kokott already pointed out in the Telefonica/Promusicae
Commission Declaration
Data Retention Directive
E-Privacy Directive
ECJ Cases:
Telefonica/Promusicae: Case C-275/06
Scarlet/Sabam: Case C-70/10
Bonnier Audio/Perfect Communications: Case: 461/10
all accessible at
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
11. Recommended Action
Stop ACTA!
12. Recommended Reading
EDPS calls for strengthening of proposed Regulation on the Internal Market
Information System (22.11.2011)
Sweden: Net Neutrality: Mobile Broadband Suppliers Discriminate Against
BitTorrent (22.11.2011)
Data losses from local authorities in UK (23.11.2011)
13. Agenda
7 December 2011, Bruxelles, Belgium
"Self"-regulation: Should online companies police the Internet?
9 December 2011, The Hague, Amsterdam
Conference on internet freedom hosted by the Dutch Ministry of Foreign
27-30 December 2011, Berlin, Germany
28C3 - 28th Chaos Communication Congress
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
16-18 April 2012, Cambridge, UK
Cambridge 2012: Innovation and Impact - Openly Collaborating to Enhance
OER12 and the OCW Consortium's Global Conference
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
Abstracts deadline: 20 December 2011
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2011-10-19 21:55:39
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.20, 19 October 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.20, 19 October 2011
1. European action week on airline passenger surveillance
2. The latest developments on ACTA in the European Parliament
3. German police accused of using a Trojan backdoor for interceptions
4. Berlusconi's wiretapping law threatens online publishers
5. Phorm gets back on the European stage
6. EDPS's Opinion on net neutrality & privacy
7. European Parliament legal service confirms: ACTA may or may not be legal
8. ENDitorial: Belgian music industry acts to undermine copyright law
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. European action week on airline passenger surveillance
Credit card details, hotel bookings, IP addresses, mobile phone numbers, and
travel details: all this information is currently being transferred to law
enforcement agencies in third countries. The storage and automatic
processing of our data is supposed to enable law enforcement agencies to
identify "unknown" suspects and to profile citizens as possible terrorists
or people-traffickers.
On 17 October 2011, EDRi and nopnr.org organised a public workshop with a
keynote speech by U.S. travel expert and human rights advocate Mr Edward
Hasbrouck. The aim of the workshop was to discuss the international
agreements on the transfer, storage and processing of passenger name records
(PNR) with the USA, Canada and Australia and the plans for a European travel
surveillance system. The event launched a European action week on PNR
including activists' workshops in Berlin and Vienna, discussions in the
European Parliament and a meeting with Germany's Justice Minister Sabine
The agreements from 2007 on the processing and transfer of airline passenger
data, which have since then been provisionally applied, are currently being
renegotiated by the EU. The agreement between the EU and Australia has
already been signed by the Council last month and will be put to a plenary
vote in the European Parliament on 27 October 2011. If the EP decides to
give its consent to this agreement next week - despite the fact that it does
not meet the minimum guarantees demanded by the EP in its previous
resolutions - it would then be in force for seven years.
The US-EU agreement, which aims to store the personal data of millions of
transatlantic air passengers for 15 years, is still being negotiated. At the
present time, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is not willing
to countenance any concessions regarding the retention period or safeguards.
However, air carriers are already transmitting travel data to the DHS each
time we are taking the plane to the U.S. The information submitted by
passengers when buying a ticket is freely available to any agencies in the
U.S., where there are no data protection laws.
In his speech at EDRi's offices (see slides below), Hasbrouck explained his
work in the U.S. which includes a legal case against the DHS to obtain
access to his own PNR data. He mainly criticised that the EU-U.S. agreement
is not a treaty and can therefore not be enforced in U.S. Courts. Hasbrouck
underlined that it does not recognize the fundamental right to freedom of
movement (ICCPR, Article 12) and criticised the fact that it does not
prohibit data mining or profiling. He also highlighted that the main reason
for the agreement was to legitimise the already existing access by the U.S.
to travel data. According to a DHS testimony to Congress, 5 Oct. 2011, an
agreement is crucial "to protect U.S. industry partners from unreasonable
lawsuits, as well as to reassure our allies, DHS has entered into these
In this context it is also worth noting that in May 2011, the DHS had
already nearly 400 employees operating at airports and sea ports within the
EU. This practice came to light after Mark Koumans, Deputy Assistant
Secretary for International Affairs of the DHS, made a statement on the
extensive range of cooperative activities between police forces in the EU
and the U.S. police.
In addition to the international agreements, the Commission made a proposal
for a European Passenger Name Record (PNR) Directive, earlier this year, to
place all travel in and out of the EU under surveillance. The Commission is
not excluding the possibility of collecting and using of passenger name
record data for rail transport in the future. This proposal is supported by
the UK who is in favour of a PNR system for passengers travelling by sea.
However, a leaked note by the Commission's own legal service in June this
year questioned the necessity of a period of more than two years in the
EU-PNR proposal. More worrying is European Union's own PNR system which
intends to establish a new surveillance authority in each Member State
(Passenger Information Unit), whose main purpose would be profiling of
citizens based on their travel habits.
Last year, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) also harshly
criticized the proposal for a EU-PNR system: "The EDPS considers that the
bulk transfer of data about innocent people for risk assessment purposes
raises serious proportionality issues. (...) The EDPS questions in
particular the proactive use of PNR data. While 're-active' use of data does
not raise major concerns, as far as it is part of an investigation of a
crime already committed, real time and proactive use lead to a more critical
EDRi has serious concerns that storage and processing of travel data without
given suspicion infringes the European fundamental right to data protection
(Art. 8 Charter of Fundamental Rights) and argues that fundamental rights
and freedoms in the context of 'transatlantic cooperation' are not taken
into consideration. In a recent position paper sent to all relevant MEPs for
their vote on the EU-Australia agreement, EDRi highlighted that the minimum
standards requested by the European Parliament in two resolutions have not
been met by the Commission.
EDRi position paper on the EU-Australian agreement (27.09.2011)
Hasbrouck's slides from EDRi-noPNR workshop (17.10.2011)
NoPNR.org campaign website
Hasbrouck's action week in Europe (12.10.2011)
FAQ about PNR data
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) on the EU-PNR
proposal (18.10.2010)
Commission on the possibility to use PNR for rail transport (4.03.2011)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
2. The latest developments on ACTA in the European Parliament
After long, opaque and undemocratic negotiations, the Anti-Counterfeiting
Agreement (ACTA) is making its first steps into the European Parliament.
The long process of the ratification of ACTA, which will need to overcome
the hurdles created by votes in all 27 EU national parliaments as well as in
the European Parliament, has now started.
The first step in the process at a European level, after a rubber-stamping
of the text by the Council, is that each of the European Parliament
Committees that considers it has an important perspective to add to
the process will nominate itself to provide an "opinion" on the text.
Currently, two committees - Legal Affairs and Civil Liberties, Justice and
Home Affairs have decided to give opinions. In the Legal Affairs Committee
(JURI), Marielle Gallo (EPP) is in charge of the dossier. On 17 October, the
Civil liberties, Justice and Home Affairs Committee (LIBE) decided
to produce an opinion, but it has not yet been decided which MEP will be in
The committee that will produce the final report to be approved by the whole
parliament (theoretically taking due account of the "opinions" of the other
committees) is the International Trade Committee (INTA), with Kader Arif
(S&D Group, France) as Rapporteur.
Having fought hard throughout its entire history for the right to have equal
decision-making power on dossiers such as this one, the Parliament now
appears almost afraid to take an independent, democratic decision. MEPs
appear worried that rejecting the decision might look childish or, more
bizarrely, rude, after all of the work that has been put into the Agreement
up until now.
Every European policy maker needs to be encouraged to consider the
implications of ACTA. For this reason, EDRi, Access and the Trans-Atlantic
Consumer Dialogue (TACD) worked together to produce a booklet, which
provides an insight into the controversial and unacceptable parts of the
The booklet outlines the lack of credibility, the threat to freedom of
expression and access to culture; the dangers threatening privacy, and the
chilling effect on innovation and the hindrance to trade that will be
created if ACTA is adopted. All members of the European Parliament received
the booklet last week.
A translation of the booklet is available in German, Polish and Czech. Other
languages (such as Romanian and French) will be added in due course and will
be included on the web version of this article and announced via Twitter.
EDRi Booklet on ACTA
Czech version
German version
Polish version
EDRi-gram: ENDitorial: Countries start signing ACTA, preparatory docs still
secret (5.10.2011)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
3. German police accused of using a Trojan backdoor for interceptions
According to EDRi-member Chaos Computer Club (CCC), the German
government has been using a backdoor Trojan, a spyware that can retrieve
private data, and also offers a remote control for uploading and executing
other arbitrary programs.
CCC has reverse engineered and analysed the respective programme and has
concluded that the Trojan can receive uploads of arbitrary programs from the
Internet and execute them remotely and that the activation of the computer's
hardware, like the microphone or the camera, can be used for surveillance.
Moreover, with the help of an additional module, it can be used to remotely
control infected PCs over the Internet, watching screenshots of the web
browser on the infected PC, including private notices, emails or texts in
web based cloud services. On its website, CCC group includes a screen shot
to show the Trojan in action.
The use of spying software violates the country's constitutional law as
it contains functions beyond the interception of Internet-based
communication. In 2008, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court ruled that
the secret infiltration of information technology systems was a grave
infringement of civil rights and could only be justified in some criminal
investigations, and so established strict legal limitations for such cases.
The CCC analysis reveals this is a case of "Bundestrojaner" (federal
Trojan), the colloquial German term for a government malware concept
concealed as "Quellen-TK\" (meaning "source wiretapping" or lawful
interception of the source). But, according to the constitutional court,
Quellen-TK\ can only be used for wiretapping Internet telephony and has to
be enforced through technical and legal means.
The analysis concludes that not only were no technical safeguards introduced
by the Trojan's developers to provide the use of the malware exclusively
for wiretapping Internet telephony, but its design includes
functionality to clandestinely add more components over the network from the
start, creating a bridge-head to further infiltrate the computer.
"This refutes the claim that an effective separation of just wiretapping
internet telephony and a full-blown trojan is possible in practice - or even
desired. Our analysis revealed once again that law enforcement agencies will
overstep their authority if not watched carefully. In this case functions
clearly intended for breaking the law were implemented in this malware: they
were meant for uploading and executing arbitrary code on the targeted
system," stated a CCC speaker.
Markus Beyer, spokesperson for the Federal Interior Ministry said at a press
conference on 8 October 2011 that the software was "freely available" and
three years old, without however stating whether the software had been
designed by or for the government.
Chief government spokesperson Steffen Seibert stated at the same press
conference that the German government was taking allegations about illegal
surveillance software used by investigative authorities "very seriously" and
would examine the claims made by CCC.
"It would be a very grave incident and clearly against the law should the
allegation be accurate," said Wolfgang Bosbach, chairman of the German
Parliament's Internal Affairs Committee to Deutschlandfunk radio and, on 7
October 2011, the Free Democratic Party asked for an investigation and a ban
on the use of the software until the allegations were cleared.
German government accused of spying on citizens with state-sponsored Trojan
Analysis of Government malware (only in German, 8.10.2011)
Chaos Computer Club analyzes government malware (8.10.2011)
Possible Governmental Backdoor Found ("Case R2D2") (8.10.2011)
German Malware May Put PC's Camera at Risk (10.10.2011)
4. Berlusconi's wiretapping law threatens online publishers
The Italian Parliament has resumed discussions on the very criticised
governmental bill that would limit the publication of wiretaps in the news
media, forcing at the same time websites to automatically publish
corrections at request. But on 12 October 2011 the decision on the final
text was postponed, after the paragraph 29 was amended so it will not apply
to any blog.
The draft bill was approved by the Senate in June 2011 but has been put
aside due to strong criticism from civil society. However, Prime Minister
Silvio Berlusconi, who would directly benefit from the law, has succeeded in
inserting the draft bill on the agenda of the Chamber of Deputies a few
days after it was approved by a legislative committee on 5 October, with
very minor changes.
"The latest amendments make no difference," Reporters Without Borders said
adding: "Restricting the publication of tapped phone conversations in the
media to this degree would gravely impede investigative journalism. It has
all the hallmarks of a crude and dishonest device for gagging the media. It
also has a distinctly political dimension. The government is trying to cover
up the prime minister's sex scandals, many of which have been exposed by the
publication of phone transcripts."
The bill says that the media can publish a transcript from a telephone
tap only if judges or lawyers consider it is not "essential for proving the
guilt or innocence" of the person under investigation. The publication of
any "inappropriate" phone tap material would be punishable by 6 months to 3
years in prison or a fine of 10 000 euro for a reporter and of up to 300 000
euro for an editor.
Many journalists and bloggers demonstrated against the bill on 5 October in
Rome. During three days, between 5 and 7 October, Wikipedia blocked access
to all entries in its Italian-language version in protest against the bill
"The obligation to publish on our site corrections required by the law,
without even the right to discuss and verify the claim, is an unacceptable
restriction of the freedom and independence of Wikipedia."
"Wikipedia Italy is on strike against an idiotic proposed law," said Jimmy
Wales, co-founder of Wikipedia, who considers that as Italy already has very
good laws against defamation, the proposed bill "overreaches
dramatically. I have never heard of any law like it anywhere else in the
Now, the entire draft law has been apparently postponed until November.
Draft Italian bill on wiretapping (only in Italian, 6.10.2011)
Investigative reporters and websites again threatened by proposed "gag law"
Blackout in Italy: "The first time Wikipedia worldwide has done anything of
this kind" (6.10.2011)
A Summit on wiretapping, Berlusconi wants to reopen the game (only in
Italian, 13.10.2011)
Wiretapping bill in November: a standard against websites and blogs today?
(only in Italian, 14.10.2011)
Wiretapping bill in November, a brief limitation (only in Italian,
5. Phorm gets back on the European stage
After its implementation in UK failed, Phorm wants a fresh start by
placing its foot in the European market through a partnership deal with
Romtelecom in Romania.
With no public debate before the launch at the end of September, Romtelecom
has presented a new service called MyClicknet, which basically
implements the Phorm behavioural advertising solution with an opt-in
In practice, that means that almost all traffic (browsing and searches) on
port 80 from Internet users that opt-in for such a system will be scanned in
order to create a profile that can be sold to interested advertising
companies. Romtelecom insists that no personal data is recorded or kept and
the user is identified in the ad network based on an anonymous string of
Romtelecom also claims that the system will not scan any type of "delicate
subjects", such as content related to smoking, pornography, alcohol, drugs,
health issues or related to children under 14 years old. This would mean in
practice that they will be actively using Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) in
order to see if the content fits in one accepted category or not.
Complaints against the system arose when Internet users saw their
traffic redirecting to the Romtelecom opt-in page for its new service
or, after joining the service, saw that traffic was being redirected to
oix.net (the Phorm service).
Romtelecom's reply was that the service is 100% anonymous and free and you
need to opt-in (by clicking "Continue" on their redirect page) to get
access to the service. Also, they say the system was checked with the
Romanian DPA (Data Protection Authority) and they have implemented all the
suggestions of the DPA.
However, if the data protection law is fuzzy enough to be interpreted in
such a way a similar service might be accepted by the DPA, the Romanian
eprivacy law (no. 506/2004) is very clear regarding the obligation of
confidentiality of the electronic communication providers. Article 4 states
that the confidentiality of communications is guaranteed and any form of
tapping or surveillance of the communication can be made only with the
"prior written consent" of the users that are taking part in such
communication. And if we think of the users of an Internet communication,
there should be both the subscriber and the website.
After receiving several complaints, the Romanian DPA announced that it will
launch an investigation to see how personal data are protected in the
MyClicknet service, but only after 28 October 2011. In the meantime, all its
public relations are being temporarily suspended, because they need to move
to a new location.
Romanian re-Phorm-ation? (30.09.2011)
Romtelecom and their illeagal practices - Myclicknet traffic being
intercepeted and analsed (only in Romanian, 6.10.2011)
Clicknet from Romtelecom - adverstising, redirecting, spam (only in
Romanian, 4.10.2011)
MyClicknet - the wiretapping service of Romtelecom (only in Romanian,
EDRi-gram: Phorm given up by UK ISPs (15.07.2009)
6. EDPS's Opinion on net neutrality & privacy
Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) adopted an
opinion on 7 October 2011 on the European Commission Communication on the
open internet and net neutrality in Europe, stressing the necessity of
respecting the fundamental right to privacy and data protection of users, in
particular in terms of confidentiality of communications.
The Opinion addresses a very controversial subject and comes in the light of
the Communication adopted by the Commission on 19 April 2011 and the
Commission's public consultation preceding the Communication. It also takes
into consideration the draft Council conclusions on net neutrality.
Net neutrality refers to whether Internet service providers (ISPs) should be
allowed to monitor network traffic, filter or restrict Internet access of
their users. The idea is that "information on the Internet should be
transmitted impartially, without regard to content, destination or source,
and that users should be able to decide what applications, services and
hardware they want to use. This means that ISPs cannot, at their own choice,
prioritise or slow down access to certain applications or services such as
Peer to Peer ('P2P'), etc."
The EDPS draws attention to such practices on certain
inspection techniques used by ISPs that may be highly intrusive, involving
the monitoring of content of communications, websites visited, emails sent
and received, the time when this takes place, enabling filtering of
communications. In Hustinx's opinion, monitoring of the ISPs' compliance
with data protection rules should be closely monitored.
The confidentiality of communications is a fundamental right protected by
the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms, the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union as well as
the EU ePrivacy Directive.
Hustinx believes there is a tendency of increased monitoring and inspection
techniques from ISPs which raises serious issues regarding the
protection of users' privacy and personal data and therefore, more has to be
done to devise and implementsatisfactory policies on the matter.
He therefore calls on the Commission to initiate a debate involving all
relevant stakeholders, for the clarification of the data protection legal
framework applying in this case.
In his Opinion, the EDPS has made some recommendations which include: the
determination of legitimate inspection practices needed to ensure the smooth
flow of traffic or carried out for security purposes; the determination of
the cases when monitoring requires the users' consent (such as filtering
aimed to limit access to certain applications and services, such as peer to
peer); and, in such cases, the necessity of guidance regarding the
application of the necessary data protection safeguards (purpose limitation,
security etc).
Hustinx also believes national authorities and BEREC should monitor the
market situation. "This monitoring should result in a clear picture
describing whether the market is evolving towards massive, real-time
inspection of communications and issues related to complying with the legal
framework." "Further analysis of the effects of new practices in relation to
data protection and privacy on the Internet", is also necessary.
Based on such analyses, additional legislative measures might be necessary
in which case "the Commission should put forward policy measures aimed at
strengthening data protection rules and ensuring legal certainty. New
measures should clarify the practical consequences of the net neutrality
principle and guarantee users the possibility."
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on net neutrality,
traffic management and the protection of privacy and personal data
Press Release "A serious policy debate on net neutrality must effectively
address users' confidentiality of communication" (7.10.2011)
Busting net neutrality may amount to spying, says EU (13.10.2011)
EDRi-gram: EDRi's answer to net neutrality consultation (6.10.2010)
EDRi-gram: Draft Council conclusions on Net Neutrality (27.07.2011)
7. European Parliament legal service confirms: ACTA may or may not be legal
Several weeks ago, the International Trade Committee of the European
Parliament asked for an opinion from the Parliament's internal legal service
regarding ACTA's legality and whether or not documents must be made public.
At the end of last week, the confidential response from the Legal Service
was delivered. The result is that the lawyers believe that ACTA may indeed
be, or possibly may not be, legal and in line with the existing legal
framework of the European Union.
In response to the question about whether ACTA is in line with existing EU
legal provisions, the Legal Service explains that the text is open to
interpretation but, on the face of it, the agreement appears to be in
line with current EU law. Of course, if the interpretations of the other
negotiating parties are different from those which the Legal Service has
guessed at, then ACTA may, indeed, not be legal after all.
Asked whether the preparatory documents of the Agreement must legally be
published, the Legal Service is very precise: there is no obligation under
international law to publish preparatory documents. They accept that
preparatory documents may be used to interpret unclear agreements and that
parts of ACTA are unclear. However, they helpfully point out that, as long
as the documents are not made public by any of the negotiating partners,
they cannot be used to assign meaning to the unclear sections of the text.
The Legal Service chooses not to address the wisdom of adopting an
international agreement, the meaning of which is likely to change if any of
the negotiating partners subsequently chooses to publish documents in order
to "prove" that its interpretation of the text is the correct one.
The only minor point of concern in this context is that the European
Parliament has already published the leaked text of the digital chapter
(which refers to private companies unilaterally cutting citizens' Internet
access) on its own website. This minor point means that the European
Parliament has already shown that ACTA (by promoting lawless sanctions by
private companies against citizens and their right to freedom of expression
and due process) is in clear and unequivocal breach of the Treaty on
European Union, which requires the Union to support democracy and the rule
of law in its international relations.
In the meantime, the Commission has provided a rather unexpected answer to a
priority written question on the meaning of the previously unheard-of
"fundamental principle" of "fair process" that is referred to in ACTA. The
Commission does not seek to argue that the "fundamental principle" is a
fundamental principle at all. Instead, it simply explains that the meaning
of the term "fair process" can be found in the Agreement on Trade-Related
Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) of the World Intellectual
Property Association which... contains no reference whatsoever to "fair
The Commission expresses the hope and assumption that this is what the other
ACTA negotiating partners also understood. In short, the "fundamental
principle" is not a "fundamental principle" and its meaning is, at best, an
educated guess on the part of the Commission.
Parliamentary question
Parliament's leak of ACTA digital chapter
Backup of Parliament's leak
 (see footnote 6)
FFII requests European Parliament's Legal Services' opinion on ACTA
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
8. ENDitorial: Belgian music industry acts to undermine copyright law
We have all heard the music industry make claims about the vast amount of
"piracy" going on, such as the estimation that from 2008 to 2015, the music
industry was going to lose an amount equivalent to the combined national
debt of Greece and Italy. The ever-impartial European Commission has been
similarly apocalyptic in its analysis of the situation - describing illegal
filesharing as "ubiquitous" in its report on application of the IPR
Enforcement Directive. The question is, under such circumstances where any
law has lost its legitimacy to such an extent that breaches are
"ubiquitous," when losses are allegedly more than what entire countries
produce in a whole year, what is the one thing that must be avoided at all
costs? One must avoid robbing the law of any residual credibility that it
still has.
After being caught by a TV station trying to obtain royalties for the music
apparently produced by noodles, sauces, foodmixers and hygiene products,
Sabam, the Belgian collecting society, decided to put the blame where it
clearly belongs - the Internet. Despite the fact that it is well known that
DNS blocking does not work, despite the fact that The Pirate Bay reported an
increase in traffic from Denmark when DNS blocking was proposed there, Sabam
decided to waste the Belgian courts' time and Belgian taxpayers' money with
a demand that thepiratebay.org and a number of related domains be blocked by
the two largest Internet access providers in Belgium. The request was
granted by the Court in Antwerp.
A few hours after the court, in full awareness of the futility of the order,
made this decision, Belgian "pirates" created depiraatbaai.be in order to
circumvent the blocking order. The new domain name allows users to reach The
Pirate Bay via an indirect and unblocked route. Unsurprisingly, the
ridiculous ease with which the ruling was exposed as nonsense attracted a
huge amount of publicity - serving both to make the law and law-makers look
absurd and maximise awareness of opportunities for unauthorised access to
copyrighted material online.
Legitimacy of laws cannot ever be imposed by repressive measures. Legitimacy
most certainly cannot be imposed by repressive measures which are comically
ineffective. As long as the Internet retains the characteristics which are
the basis of its success - openness and resilience - content cannot be
definitively blocked. It is time to abandon measures that place creators and
users in opposition to each other, time to abandon policies that serve only
to illustrate the lack of understanding of the Internet by certain parts of
industry and politicians and time to build a legal framework that earns
respect and facilitates creation.
IFPI losses 2008-2015 (20.01.2011)
National debts (7.04.2011)
European Commission IPRED implementation report (22.12.2010)
SABAM's questionable royalty claims (09.02.2011)
Sabam Video
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Action
EDRi is Flattrable starting with this week!
CPDP 2011 Conference Multidisciplinary Privacy Award
The award, to be presented at the annual Computers, Data Protection and
Privacy (CPDP) Conference held in Brussels at the end of January 2012, will
be given to the authors of the best multidisciplinary paper that describes
new ideas in privacy and data protection. Eligible papers need to have been
published or accepted for publication between 1 November 2010 and 31 October
Deadline: 10 November 2011
10. Recommended Reading
EPO, European Commission Renew Commitment To Unitary Patent (6.10.2011)
11. Agenda
20-21 October 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Open Government Data Camp
25-28 October 2011, Berlin, Germany
1st Berlin Symposium on Internet and Society: Exploring the Digital Future
27-29 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Oxcars and FreeCultureForum 2011
Networks for a R-evolution
31 October 2011, Mexico City, Mexico
2011 The Public Voice Civil Society Meeting
2-3 November 2011, Mexico City, Mexico
33rd International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners
Privacy: The Global Age
8-9 November 2011, Brussels, Belgium
9 November 2011, Bucharest, Romania
Inet Conference: Access, Trust and Freedom: Coordinates for future Internet
11-13 November 2011, Munich, Germany
FIfF annual congress: Dialectics in Information Security:
Colliding Interests of Anonymity, Integrity and Confidentiality
11-13 November 2011, Gothenburg, Sweden
FSCONS is the Nordic countries' largest gathering for free culture, free
software and a free society.
24-25 November 2011, Vienna, Austria
"Our Internet - Our Rights, Our Freedoms"
Towards the Council of Europe Strategy on Internet Governance 2012 - 2015
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing

@_date: 2011-09-07 21:33:35
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 9.17, 7 September 2011 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 9.17, 7 September 2011
1. The EC tries to increase government control of the Internet
2. Sweden argues that transposing data retention directive is unnecessary
3. Diginotar breach leads to grave security concerns
4. EU privacy watchdog still displeased with online behavioural advertising
5. EP study on "Consumer Behaviour in a Digital Environment"
6. ECHR to analyse Azeri bloggers' complaint against unjust imprisonment
7. EP committee supports the introduction of body scanners in EU airports
8. ENDitorial: Abuse of Irish police databases
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. The EC tries to increase government control of the Internet
The European Commission (EC) Information Society and Media
Directorate-General have recently drawn up a series of six policy papers
intended to increase government control over the Internet.
The policies have in view measures that include governmental control
over the domain names that can be registered, the veto power of governments
over new Internet domain names, significant structural changes at the level
of ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers), an
obligation of the organisation to follow governments' advice (except for
cases considered illegal or damaging to the Internet stability) and the
creation of two bodies that would oversee ICANN decision-making and
The measures brought forth by the new policies would provide governments
with de facto control over the Internet's naming systems and would end up
the independent and autonomous approach of the Internet's domain name
system. The new suggestion seems a logical consequence of the position of
the head of European Comisson's  Audiovisual, Media and Internet
Directorate - Gerard de Graaf - at an ICANN meeting in Singapore in June
The recent EC papers come to argue for increased government control
and foresee the shift in power toward governments within the next 12 months.
According to the new policies, the governments are notified about the
applications received and are to indicate which TLDs might raise "public
policy concerns." This actually means that governments can try to block or
censor any content or applicant that they want, by using the "public policy
concerns" argument. The Governmental Advisory Committee (GAC) will be able
to raise formal objections later in the process.
GAC, which presently has no legal authority, will soon become a legislator
that can create a list of words that no Internet user in the world can
register, as proposed by the EC papers. GAC members (should be able to)
request the reservation or blocking of domain names at the second level
under new gTLDs. It should do this by constructing a censorship list, which
it calls a "reference list for all new gTLD operators to use and ICANN" say
the EC documents.
Milton Mueller from IGP (Internet Governance Project) explains that the fate
of the new registries and new domain names should be determined by users
and consumers, and not by a central planning authority dominated by
governments and special interest groups. "The new TLD program is also
important because domain names are a form of expression on the Internet. Any
policy that regulates the creation or operation of new domains based on
their meaning or the content underneath them is, de facto, a form of
globalized content regulation. Thus, even people who think domain names are
not that important need to pay attention to what happens in this space,
especially now that domain take-downs are becoming an increasingly common
form of state intervention."
EC's second paper is damaging for the freedom of expression by
introducing huge, unnecessary economic barriers to entry. What it proposes
is to subordinate the Internet community's self-governance to a hierarchical
control by the state, replacing ICANN's gTLD policy with a new one that will
allow governments through GAC, to take complete control over what new top
level domain names are allowed to exist.
These EC papers were developed not under public consultancy,
but secretly, thus lacking in democratic legitimacy. The plans are to
formally raise or even implement the proposed measures by the end of this
year, in particular at ICANN's meeting in Senegal in October.
The second EC ICANN Paper: How low can they go? (4.09.2011)
European Commission calls for greater government control over Internet
Analysis: EC policy papers on ICANN (31.08.2011)
ICANN - informal background paper - New gTLD process (1.09.2011)
Payback time: The European Commission papers on ICANN (2.09.2011)
2. Sweden argues that transposing data retention directive is unnecessary
On 5 September 2011, the Swedish government responded to the European Court
of Justice after the Commission referred Sweden to the Court for failing to
transpose the Directive on Data Retention (2006/24/EC).
Sweden's main argument is that it is unnecessary to transpose the Data
Retention Directive, considering the practical effects of existing Swedish
legislation. This implicitly means that transposition would be contrary to
the European Convention on Human Rights and the Charter of Fundamental
Rights, both of which require restrictions on fundamental rights to be
necessary and proportional.
The Directive on Data Retention 2006/24/EC was adopted in 2006 and the
Member States had until 15 September 2007 to transpose it into the national
law, and until 15 March 2009 to implement the retention of communications
data relating to Internet services. The Directive concerns the storage of
traffic and location data resulting from electronic communications. Traffic
and location data retained by Internet service providers and phone companies
will be made available only to national law enforcement authorities in
specific cases and in accordance with the national law. However, retention
periods, purpose limitation and access requirement vary vastly across the
The European Court of Justice found that Sweden failed to fulfil its
obligations to implement the Data Retention Directive in its national
legislation on 4 February 2010. Despite this first ruling, Sweden still has
not transposed the Directive 2006/24/EC. In the absence of a precise
timetable for the transposition of the Directive, the Commission decided to
send a letter of formal notice to Sweden in June last year. The Commission
asked Sweden for details on the measures Sweden planned to implement the
Directive and comply with the Court's decision.
Sweden informed the Commission on 21 January 2011 that draft legislation had
been submitted to its Parliament in order to transpose the Directive. The
legislation was to be adopted in mid-March. However, the Parliament deferred
the vote on the draft legislation implementing the Directive on Data
Retention for a year, due to the opposition from a minority of
parliamentarians. They used a constitutional rule allowing one-sixth of the
MPs to suspend the adoption of a proposed legislation.
Following this suspension of the legislative process, the European
Commission swiftly referred Sweden for a second time to the European Court
of Justice, requesting it to impose financial penalties (Case C-270/11). The
Commission asked the Court to impose a daily penalty of 40 947 Euros/day
after the second ruling and a lump sum of 9 597 Euros/day for each day
between the first and the second ruling. The ECJ will have to determine the
level of sanctions and if it will take the form of a penalty and/or a lump
In its response to the ECJ, Sweden argues that the penalties are
disproportionate considering firstly the fact that Sweden does not often
fail to fulfil its implementation obligations regarding European directives
and secondly that some other Member States likewise fail to implement the
Directive without being penalised by any financial penalties.
The Swedish government also indicated that since the first ruling, it has
taken all procedurally possible measures to implement the Directive. The
delay is due to political and legal matters with regards to the sensitive
subjects the Directive is dealing with, such as the right to privacy and
those debates are delaying the legislative process. It further points out
that this controversy is not limited to Sweden.
Moreover, according to Sweden, the failure to implement the Directive does
not create any barriers for the Single Market. Bearing in mind the
Commission's own assertion of the low costs of implementing the Directive
(as described in the implementation report), this seems to be difficult for
the Commission to deny. According to Sweden, the harmonisation realised by
the Directive on Data Retention is only minimal and does not appear to be
crucial in achieving competition on the Single Market. In addition, the
Directive does not say who finance data retention.
It finally appears that the Swedish Government believes that Directive
2002/58/EC on Privacy and Electronic Communications gives the Member States
the ability to adopt legislation covering the field of the Data Retention
Directive when necessary and that the 2006 Directive's implementation in
Sweden is therefore meaningless. The Swedish government especially
underlines that the Swedish crime prevention authorities already have
sufficient access to data even without full the implementation of the
Directive. Furthermore, the differenceasthe implementations across the EU
show the limits of the Data Retention directive and create a lack of
According to Sweden, further implementation of the Data Retention Directive
is superfluous and unnecessary. The question remaining now is whether the
European Court of Justice will follow the Swedish defence on the "necessity"
of implementing the Data Retention Directive and the Directive's failure to
achieve the task on which its legal base is built - harmonisation. The
Commission now faces an unenviable task - it either forces a sovereign
Member State to impose unnecessary (and therefore illegal) restrictions on
fundamental rights or it accepts the challenge of finally acknowledges the
failure of the Directive and the inevitable battle with the Council that
will result from any serious effort to fix the broken legislation.
Data Retention Directive 2006/24/EC (15.03.2006)
Judgement of the Court Case C-185/09 (4.02.2010)
Commission refers Sweden back to Court to transpose EU legislation
European Commission Application (31.05.2011)
Sweden's response to the ECJ - Case C-270/11 - (5.09.2011) (available only
in Swedish)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
3. DigiNotar breach leads to grave security concerns
A breach in the computer systems of Dutch certificate company Diginotar
led to grave concerns regarding the security of internet users in Iran
and Dutch government communications. On 2 September 2011, the Dutch
government denounced their trust in certificates issued by DigiNotar
after the discovery of fraudulent certificates. It advised Dutch
citizens not to log in on websites using these certificates, until the
certificates are replaced. Meanwhile, there is credible evidence that
the confidential communication of hundreds of thousands of Iranians with
Gmail has been intercepted.
In June 2011, the servers of DigiNotar were intruded and certificates
were fraudulently issued in the weeks after. Although some of these
certificates were revoked, DigiNotar kept the breach secret. Only weeks
later, following a message posted on a forum by someone from Iran who
tried to log in to Gmail and received a warning about a non-authentic
DigiNotar certificate for Google, did DigiNotar acknowledge the breach.
On 29 August 2011, the Dutch government was notified about the incident.
DigiNotar revoked the rogue Google certificate and asked a Dutch
security firm to perform an investigation into the breach. The report of
the investigation showed that DigiNotar did not observe basic security
measures and hundreds of false certificates were issued on its systems.
The rogue Google certificate proved to be in use since 27 July 2011.
Active abuse was observed between 4 and 29 August 2011. It is likely
that hundreds of thousands of sessions with Google from Iran were
intercepted using this certificate.
DigiNotar issues several types of certificates, including PKI-Overheid
certificates - typically used by the Dutch government for its websites -
and 'simple' certificates. As it could not be excluded that false
government certificates were also issued, the Dutch government decided
to switch to certificates from other authorities.
The incident with DigiNotar also raises questions about the safety and
trustworthiness of the certificate system in general. Worldwide, there
are hundreds of companies providing these certificates. Supervision on
these companies is limited. They can sell certificates as long as they
meet the conditions of the browser manufacturers. There is no guarantee
that all of them take adequate measures to prevent and detect breaches.
This should be a wake-up call for governments and organisations all over
the world to actively start working on better, more robust certification
Message about rogue certificate (28.08.2011)
Letter from the Dutch government about the intrusion at DigiNotar (only
in Dutch, 5.09.2011)
Interim report from Fox-IT about the DigiNotar Certificate Authority breach (Contributed by Marjolein van der Heide - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom -  4. EU privacy watchdog still displeased with online behavioural advertising
In a letter sent to IAB Europe and European Advertising Standards Alliance
(EASA), Article 29 Working Party (WP) made some observations regarding the
self-regulatory framework for online behavioural advertising.
The WP considers that the companies having signed the self-regulatory code
may still be in breach of the EU laws in the use of cookies to track users'
online behaviour for targeted advertising.
The self-regulatory code, established in April 2011 by IAB Europe and EASA,
imposes the display of an icon on the companies' websites that tells users
that the adverts track their online activity.  By using the icon, users may
manage information preferences or stop receiving behavioural advertising.
The code also says that operators must give users access to an easy method
to turn off cookies and must inform users that they collect data on them for
behavioural advertising and give details on the advertisers they provide the
respective data. They also have to publish details of how they collect and
use the data, including whether personal or sensitive personal data is
However, Article 29 WP has shown in its letter that it did not consider
these measures enough to comply with the EU's e-Privacy Directive which
provides in its new form that storing and accessing information on users'
computers is only lawful "on condition that the subscriber or user concerned
has given his or her consent, having been provided with clear and
comprehensive information about the purposes of the processing".
The Directive establishes an exception where the cookie is "strictly
necessary" for the provision of a service "explicitly requested" by the
"The mechanisms proposed by the EASA/IAB Code enable people to object to
being tracked for the purposes of serving behavioural advertising. However,
tracking and serving ads takes place unless people exercise the objection,"
said Jacob Kohnstamm, chairman of the Working Party, in the letter.
The WP believes the advertising icon used by companies that signed up to the
online behavioural advertising code did not actually provide users with "the
legally required information allowing them to make informed choices about
cookie tracking."
In Article 29 WP's opinion, the text of the code is rather confusing and
insufficiently clear which could lead to some users thinking "tracking has
no privacy implications for them". Kohnstamm says in the letter that the
information made available through clicking the icon should be more
accessible and be directly visible.
Ad network providers should "provide the necessary information before the
cookie is sent and rely on users' actions ... to signify their agreement to
receive the cookie and to be tracked". Valid consent can be received by
the provider by asking users to click a box to "accept" cookie tracking.
Each advertising network must also obtain consent from users even when
websites work with multiple ad network providers.
By obtaining prior, informed consent from the users, the ad provider no
longer needs to ask the user for subsequent access and transmissions of
cookies for the same purpose. However, the "opt out" ability should still be
Kohnstamm also says that browser settings will not be enough to meet the
cookie consent requirements until they automatically reject third-party
cookies as default and allow users to take "affirmative action to accept
cookies from specific websites for a specific purpose." Browsers must also
advise users that the cookies tracking their data are being used by ad
network providers, in addition to informing them of what network providers
do with the cookies.
In June 2011, EU Commissioner Neelie Kroes told EU companies that they had a
year to find methods that achieve the legal standard for gaining consent, as
failure to do so would result in the Commission's action toward
non-compliant businesses.
Letter from the Article 29 Working Party addressed to Online Behavioural
Advertising (OBA) Industry regarding the self-regulatory Framework
Advertising code not cookie law compliant, data protection watchdogs say
EDRi-gram: Article 29 WP issues opinion on cookies in the new ePrivacy
Directive (30.06.2010)
5. EP study on "Consumer Behaviour in a Digital Environment"
The European Parliament (EP) has published a study on "Consumer Behaviour in
a Digital environment" that it commissioned from London School of Economics
(LSE). The study involved a limited stakeholder consultation, which included
an extensive exchange of views with EDRi and also looked at existing
literature and market developments. The study is part of an ongoing
reflection in the EU institutions on how to better achieve an effective
single market, particularly in the digital space.
The study identifies the following factors affecting the demand and supply
for illegal content:
1.the price;
2.the rise of the "prosumer" (users as both producers and consumers);
3.the exchange of products and files online between consumers; and
4.large economic incentives for providing what the authors of the study
refer to as"illegal content".
The conclusions of the study focus entirely on a positive agenda, seeking to
address the source of problems rather than looking at ways of dealing with
symptoms. For example, regarding unauthorised use of copyright-protected
content, the study proposes the development of innovative pricing and
payment systems as well as reforming copyright in a way that would eliminate
the inefficiencies that come from the fragmentation of the single market.
The authors of the research clearly prioritise positive measures to minimise
the causes of the unauthorised activity, rather than negative and defensive
measures that would punish consumers without addressing underlying causes.
Similarly, the report conclusions support efforts at improving awareness of
consumer protection legislation, enhanced dispute resolution and removal of
practical barriers to cross-border trade. The study also discusses the rise
of "prosumers", concluding that this development "potentially leads to
innovation, creativity and consumer empowerment. However, prosumers cannot
fully develop under current legal framework. The copyright exceptions regime
and cross-border licensing problems are singled out as current challenges".
While generally being a very positive and well-thought out piece of
research, the main negative point in the report is the repeated conflation
of "illegal content" with "illegal use of content," which, legally,
practically and societally are entirely different problems.
Finally, the research team identifies the following challenges faced by
copyright law with regard to illegal access to content ("illegal content" in
the vocabulary of the report):
a) the exceptions to copyright still differ significantly from Member
State to Member State;
b) licensing arrangements through collecting societies have not been
c) some Member States have introduced laws allowing restrictions on
internet access for connections where illegal file-sharing has been
conducted (or suspected), which may lead to market distortions and raises
the question of whether the right to Internet access introduced by the
Framework Directive is infringed;
d) the issue of who is responsible for clearing copyright on social media
such as YouTube is not clearly defined in the E-Commerce Directive because
peer-to-peer services were much less prevalent when the Directive was
written. (This final point is somewhat odd because the E-Commerce Directive
does not cover rights clearance and YouTube is a hosting service which
therefore renders the question of peer-to-peer somewhat irrelevant.)
Consumer Behaviour in a Digital Environment (2011)
Framework Directive - Directiev 2002/21/EC as amended by Directive
2009/140/EC and Regulation 544/2009
(Contribution by Daniel Dimov - intern at EDRi)
6. ECHR to analyse Azeri bloggers' complaint against unjust imprisonment
The Azeri bloggers that have been imprisoned for one year and a half under
alleged hooliganism accusations, have filed a complaint to the European
Court of Human Rights which will decide whether their detention was in
breach of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Emin Milli and Adnan Hajizade were arrested in Baku in July 2009, being
accused of hooliganism, after having reported to the police that they had
been physically attacked in a restaurant. Under pressure from the
international community, the two bloggers, detained in reality for attacks,
on their blogs, against the Government and the fact that they had
disseminated a video making fun of corrupt politicians, were finally
released in November 2010. Their release is however conditional and their
convictions have not been overturned.
Consequently, the two bloggers are now seeking official recognition that the
Azerbaijani authorities violated their rights. The fact that despite with
injuries they were not treated medically in prison, breaches article 3 of
the European Convention. The Azeri government was also in breach of article
5 that protects the right to freedom and security and says that a person may
only be detained when suspected of a crime or when sentenced to
According to the Convention, the bloggers should have been informed of the
reasons for their arrest and they had a right to be tried within a
reasonable time or to be released pending trial. Milli and Hajizade were
held for the two months before the start of their trial and were still in
prison after than four months after their arrest.
The complaint also says that article 6, on the right to a fair trial, was
violated because the two people were allowed only belated access to their
lawyers because the court took no account of what their lawyers said.
Article 8 on respect for private and family life was also violated as
the two bloggers were denied family visits while held and certain family
members were not allowed to testify at the trial.
The Azeri government violated Article 10 as well which protects the right to
freedom of expression, including the "freedom to hold opinions and to
receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public
authority and regardless of frontiers." The two people were jailed
for criticizing the authorities.
Hajizade and Milli filed a complaint before a Baku court on 8 July 2009
which was rejected on 23 July 2009. On 10 August 2009, a separate complaint
against the interior ministry, Baku police and prosecutor's office of
failing to respect the right to be presumed innocent was also rejected.
A confidential cable from the US embassy in Baku on 9 July
2009, posted on the WikiLeaks website on 26 August, confirmed the fact that
the two bloggers did not receive medical treatment for their injuries during
their first night in detention and revealed that embassy officers' requests
to visit the two bloggers in prison were denied.
The cable also drew attention over the fact that on 10 July 2009 Milli was
to work as the interpreter for the PACE Special Rapporteur for Political
Prisoners which seems a rather strange coincidence.
European Court to examine case of two bloggers who were unjustly jailed
US embassy thought two bloggers' arrest was suspicious (1.09.2011)
EDRi-gram: Azeri bloggers released from prison (1.12.2010)
7. EP committee supports the introduction of body scanners in EU airports
To the dismay of liberal groups, the European Parliament's Transport
Committee decided on 31 August 2011 to back up the European Commission in
the introduction of body scanners in EU airports.
Although imposing certain conditions such as excluding x-ray technology, the
EP committee did not oppose the EC rules which do not specifically rule out
the use of naked imagery. "The rules do exclude the use of x-ray technology,
which is something we wanted. But it doesn't oblige producers to use stick
figures instead of the actual body image," stated Benjamin Krieger, a
spokesperson for the German Liberals in the European Parliament.
This decision comes when some European countries have reached the conclusion
that body scanners are not performing properly.
The German interior ministry has recently decided to postpone the
introduction of body scanners at airports for security reasons, after the
devices used for trial failed to do their job, giving false alerts at a 49%
rate. The errors included confusing sweaty armpits with concealed bomb
chemicals while body scanners are supposed to detect plastic or ceramic
elements concealed under clothing.
The technology has been strongly opposed by human rights groups, religious
organizations and even the European Parliament because it shows a real
outline of one's bodily features, which raises serious privacy concerns. The
devices are also expensive, reaching up to 130 000 euro/piece.
In 2010, Italy also fell back on the plan to implement the technology in
airports after experiencing the same results during the trial period.
Germany ditches body scanners after repeat false alerts (1.09.2011)
Meeting minutes TRAN Committee (30-31.08.2011)
EP transport committee votes in favour of body scanners (31.08.2011)
Welcome to body scanners at EU airports (6.07.2011)
Parliament sets conditions for airport body scanners (6.07.2011)
EDRi-gram: MEPs approve body scanners on airports on a voluntarily basis
8. ENDitorial: Abuse of Irish police databases
In 2003, the then Minister for Justice, Michael McDowell, stated that he
"knew that journalists were bribing gardam (police)". This was said in the
context of proposed legislation which would create a crime of leaking
information. Unfortunately, the intervening years seem to have confirmed the
continued existence of police abuse of confidential information, resulting
in a recent announcement by the Data Protection Commissioner of a national
audit into garda compliance with data protection law.
The audit will focus on access to the main police database system, known as
PULSE, which was introduced in 1999. While that system has a read/write
audit trail, this has not acted as a deterrent to abuse - some police have
sought to evade the audit trail by requesting others to carry out searches
on their behalf, and login sharing has also been a problem. Consequently, in
his 2010 Annual Report the Data Protection Commissioner stated that:
"In 2007 we agreed a data protection Code of Practice with the Gardam which
included undertakings to monitor access to the Garda PULSE system. It is
disappointing to report that, despite our repeated engagements on this
issue, the monitoring of access by members of An Garda Smochana to PULSE
falls short of the standards we expect. We wish to see significant progress
by the Gardam in pro-actively monitoring PULSE access in 2011 and will be
carrying out an audit to satisfy ourselves of this progress."
The most recent allegations generally concern personal use of the system,
for example by using it to check on daughters' boyfriends or to check the
history of cars which they are buying. However, allegations of more serious
abuses are also common, including the sale of information to insurance
companies and even criminals.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to provide a full assessment of abuses which
have taken place. While many allegations have been published by the media
and some internal garda investigations carried out, the results of these
investigations have not been published, disciplinary sanctions (if any) are
seldom made public and there is no comprehensive official report. This
secrecy is a failing in itself and makes it impossible for the public to
have confidence in the system.
Nevertheless, there have been a number of cases in which abuses have been
clearly established and some significant examples from recent years include
a court award of 70 000 Euros damages to a family who were harmed by a garda
leak (2007), the dismissal of a garda for leaking information to a drug
dealer (2010) and most recently the finding that a detective sergeant abused
her position to monitor an ex-boyfriend through his phone records (2011). A
particularly telling example in 2007 followed the high profile death of a
person struck by a car driven by an off-duty garda. In that case, 187
individual gardai accessed that person's PULSE record following his death,
without apparent justification. An investigation into that incident
recommended that:
"supervisory ranks should regularly monitor the use of PULSE to ensure that
members adhere to their legal and disciplinary obligations in regard to its
proper use [and] suitable measures [should] be put in place by the Garda
authorities to ensure that audit-trails of the usage of PULSE and any other
official information systems can always be accurate and verifiable."
Unfortunately, it seems that several years later this has yet to be done.
GRA's concern about bribery claim, RTI News (04.08.2003)
Family awarded 70,000 Euros over garda leak, RTI News (17.01.2007)
Report by the Commission following the death of Mr. Derek O'Toole on March
4th 2007 and subsequent complaints and investigation under Section 98,
Garda  Smochana Act, 2005 (10.2008)
Garda Data Protection Code of Practice (12.11.2007)
Gardam line up 17 officers for quizzing over leaks to 'Don', Evening Herald
Walsh, Human Rights and Policing in Ireland (Dublin: Clarus Press, 2009),
Ch. 32
Garda sacked for leaked secrets to Don's crime gang, Evening Herald
2010 Annual Report of the Data Protection Commissioner (03.2010)
EDRi-gram: No effective sanction for Police abuse of Irish data retention
system (24.08.2011)
(Contribution by TJ McIntyre - EDRi-member Digital Rights Ireland)
9. Recommended Reading
Statewatch Analysis: UK: Internet censorhip looms as government finds
alternatives to flawed Digital Economy Act by Max Rowlands:
The routine blocking of websites believed to facilitate copyright
infringement has moved a step closer - despite concerns about the
proportionality and effectiveness of the practice - following a landmark
High Court ruling on the application of the Copyright, Designs and Patents
Act. Meanwhile, the much criticised Digital Economy Act continues to
flounder, with the introduction of its controversial copyright protection
scheme - which would allow the government to suspend the internet
connections of individuals accused of persistent copyright infringement -
now delayed until 2012 at the earliest.
Europe's Odd Anti-Piracy Stance: Send Money to the US! (4.09.2011)
Naming Names on the Internet (4.09.2011)
Open Data: Emerging trends, issues and best practices -  a research project
about openness of public data in EU local administration (2011)
10. Agenda
8-9 September 2011, Brussels, Belgium
6th Annual Conference of the European Policy for Intellectual Property
Fine-Tuning IPR debates
10-17 September 2011
Freedom Not Fear - International Action Week
16-18 September 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Creative Commons Global Summit 2011
16 September 2011, Leeds, UK
Conference "Human Rights in the Digital Era"
17 September 2011, Worldwide
Software Freedom Day 2011
27-30 September 2011, Nairobi, Kenya
Sixth Annual IGF Meeting: Internet as a catalyst for change: access,
development, freedoms and innovation
11 October 2011, Brussels, Belgium
ePractice Workshop: Addressing evolving needs for cross-border eGovernment
13-14 October 2011, Lisbon, Portugal
2nd International Graduate Conference in Communication and Culture: The
Culture of Remix
20-21 October 2011, Warsaw, Poland
Open Govrenment Data Camp
27-30 October 2011, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2011
9 November 2011, Bucharest, Romania
Inet Conference: Access, Trust and Freedom: Coordinates for future Internet
11-13 November 2011, Gothenburg, Sweden
FSCONS is the Nordic countries' largest gathering for free culture, free
software and a free society.
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
11. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
This EDRi-gram has been published with financial support from the EU's
Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Programme.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or
unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-08-01 20:10:16
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.15, 1 August 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.15, 1 August 2012
1. A new Net Neutrality EC consultation delays possible regulations
2. Czech Republic: Data retention - almost back in business
3. Stravos Lambrinidis: EU First Special Representative for Human Rights
4. ETSI standard for lawful interception triggers privacy questions
5. Belarusian journalist detained for showing subway security flaws
6. Google still holds data unlawfully obtained by StreetView
7. France: Update on website blocking without a judicial decision
8. Reporters Sans FrontiC(res follows on the Wikileaks footsteps
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. A new Net Neutrality EC consultation delays possible regulations
Following BERECbs report in May 2012 on Net Neutrality, the European
Commission launched on 23 July 2012 another consultation, open by 15
October 2012, to investigate on whether ISPs are manipulating online
traffic management, thus postponing new regulatory laws on Net
Neutrality. But this consultation follows a similar one from BEREC that
ended just yesterday, 31 July 2012.
As BERECb report was revealing, 20-50% of the European ISPs use measures
to block or restrict access to web sites and/or products run by their
competitors. Although the EU communications rules say that users should
be able to choose the applications and services they want without
restrictions, the report has shown that a large number of European users
are under contracts with their ISPs that limit their access to services
such as Voip (Voice over Internet Protocol) or file-sharing sites. Other
practices such as bandwidth throttling (deliberate slowing down of the
services to certain websites) have been revealed.
Digital Agenda Commissioner Neelie Kroes stated that the consultation
would be used bto help prepare recommendations that will generate more
real choices and end the net neutrality waiting game in Europe. There
is a lack of effective consumer choice when it comes to Internet
offers," she said. Yet, although Kroes mentioned the introduction of new
EU guidelines in 2012 considering bregulatory intervention in
competitive markets as inappropriateb, the new consultation opened by
the Commission pushes back any possible decision.
La Quadrature du Net has published a non-answer to the new consultation
considering there is no time for another consultation on the subject.
bThe only way to protect a free Internet as well as freedoms and
innovation online is to clearly enact and protect Net Neutrality in EU law.b
It is already clear that European ISPs are applying restrictions to
their usersb access and that national regulators cannot investigate and
In UK, for instance, several ISPs such as BT, BSkyB, O2 and TalkTalk
have already signed an Open Internet Code of Practice that generally
requires them to ensure that they are offering their customers "full and
open internet access". The code allows them to restrict open use of the
internet through "traffic management" of their services provided they do
not use it "in a manner that targets and degrades the content or
application(s) of specific providers" and they ensure that a best effort
Internet access is a "viable choice" to consumers even where other
"managed services" are available. They signatories must also use "clear
and transparent traffic management policies".
Yet, the code has not been signed by large ISPs such as Virgin Media,
Vodafone or T-Mobile and Orange operator Everything Everywhere who
consider the text of the code may lead to bmisinterpretation and
potential exploitation" or have reservations regarding the restrictions
on the use of the binternet accessb term.
On-line public consultation on "specific aspects of transparency, traffic management and switching in an Open Internet"
Deadline for reply: 15 October 2012
Public consultation on 'net neutrality' to delay EU rules on ISPs
Non-answer to BEREC's Consultation: We need Net Neutrality Law!
Net Neutrality: Brussels opens an umpteenth public consultation (only in
French, 23.07.2012)
Ten UK ISPs commit to new 'open internet' code (25.07.2012)
EDRi-gram 10.11: BERECbs findings on net neutrality (6.06.2012)
2. Czech Republic: Data retention - almost back in business
Nationwide preventive monitoring of electronic communication finds its
way back into the Czech legal system. The original act was repealed in
2011 by the Constitutional Court b however, a new one is waiting only
for the President's signature. Privacy campaigners fear possible data
abuse given the insufficient regulation provided by the current Police
Act as well as monitoring of contents of Internet communications which
could potentially be made possible by the implementing decree to the new
Not only the Chamber of Deputies, but now also the Senate approved the
government draft of the amended Electronic Communication Act, as well as
amendments to several other laws reintroducing the obligation of
telephone or Internet services providers to monitor the communications
of their clients and provide them, upon request, to the police,
intelligence services or the Czech National Bank. After the previous
legal regulation was repealed by two decisions of the Constitutional
Court in March and December 2011, nationwide monitoring of citizensb
communications thus finds its way back into the Czech legal system.
The government proposal of the Act that was passed in the Senate on 18
July 2012, reacts to the Constitutional Court decision and implements
the European Directive which prescribes storing of traffic and
localization data on electronic communications.
According to EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium (IuRe), which initiated the
March decision of the Constitutional Court and also filed its comments
during the preparation phase of the new legal regulation, the new Act is
better than the repealed regulation b however it still contains a number
of errors that will lead to unconstitutional interference with the
privacy of citizens.
The major problem, according to IuRe, is the very existence of the
obligation of operators to generally monitor the communications of all
citizens without any specific suspicion. Thus, a revision of the
European Directive which introduced this obligation, and an assessment
of its constitutionality by the European Court of Justice is seen by
Iure as the key issues in this respect.
"As for the Czech implementation of the Directive, when submitting
comments during the preparatory phase, we tried to push for maximum
limits in terms of monitoring of citizens and possible abuse of such
data," says Jan Voboril, lawyer at IuRe. "The original proposal
introduced by the Ministry of Interior in the summer of last year was
from our perspective entirely unacceptable. During the legislative
process, we have stepwise prepared comments for the Ministry
of Interior, Members of Parliament as well as Senators. We are pleased
that during subsequent discussions with representatives of the Ministry
of Interior and other key institutions, we managed to get acceptance for
stricter rules regarding the use of such data. For example, what we
consider important is the introduction of the obligation to inform the
respective persons that their data have been requested under the
Criminal Code, highlighting the subsidiarity when using such data in
criminal investigation, or the necessity of court permission when the
data is requested by intelligence services or the Czech National Bank,"
adds Voboril.
Many crucial issues still remain unresolved, which will, in IuReB4s
opinion, lead to further unconstitutional use of such data in the
future. "What we consider to be the most serious issue of the new
legislation is that it ignores the current situation where the Police
Act authorizes the police to use the data outside of criminal
proceedings. Under the current Police Act, police officers may require
data more or less without any limits, without court supervision and
without any clearly defined and controlled processes. It is striking
that although the police themselves wanted to define stricter rules for
such use of the data during the preparatory phase of the new Act, this
was refused by the Ministry of Interior. Not even Deputies or Senators
paid attention to this huge gap opening up possibilities for information
abuse by individual police officers b and this despite of repeated
warnings from our side," explains Voboril.
"We also have our concerns regarding the awaited implementing decree of
the Act, which will among other things determine which data will be
generally stored. This decree can put the new Act into entirely new
light, both in respect of the invasion into citizensB4 privacy as
well as technical and personnel details necessary - which will be
reimbursed by the state. Crucial is the particular question of whether
data on the recipientB4s side of Internet communication will be stored as
well. Such provisions would mean not only de facto monitoring of the
content of what we are surfing through on the Internet, but also a
tremendous increase in public expenditures related to such monitoring.
It is surprising that such a significant issue which can change the
entire meaning of the Act and should be provisioned for directly in the
Act, has gone entirely unnoticed by," concludes Voboril.
The Act is currently still to be signed by the President. LetB4s wait and
see whether, during his decision making, Vaclav Klaus will also think of
the fact that, apart from dozens of other persons - not excluding the
chairman of the Constitutional Court - also some people from his
immediate surrounding appeared among the victims of data abuse resulting
from the police authorization to require such data.
(Contribution by EDRi-member Iuridicum remedium - Czech Republic)
3. Stravos Lambrinidis: EU First Special Representative for Human Rights
On 25 July 2012, on a proposal by Catherine Ashton, EU High
Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, the Council of
the European Union appointed Mr Stravos Lambridinis, former MEP, as EU
Special Representative for Human Rights.
This appointment is the result of repeated demands from the European
Parliament and a recommendation of the Foreign Affairs Committee. On 24
May 2012, indeed, the Foreign Affairs Committee called on the Council to
appoint a EU's high-level human rights envoy with an international
reputation. The creation of the human rights envoy follows the EU's
Strategic Framework and Action Plan on Human Rights and Democracy that
was adopted on 25 June 2012.
As requested by the European Parliament, Mr. Lambridinis has a
long-standing experience in human rights and international relations. In
his earlier carrier, he was indeed nominated Chairman of the Committee
for Human Rights at the Washington D.C.'s bar association. He also
worked at the Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs and became the
Ambassador at Large of the Hellenic Republic. He was elected Member of
the European Parliament in 2006, where he was Vice-Chairman of the Civil
Liberties Committee. In 2009, he was elected Vice-President of the
European Parliament. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs for Greece
from June to November 2011.
The task of the EU Special Representative for Human Rights is to ensure
the promotion of EU human rights policy worldwide. The mandate will be
broad and flexible in order to give Mr Lambridinis the ability to adapt
to different situations. He will work closely with the European External
Action Service. He will in particular represent the EU at the
international level, be responsible for the interactions with the UN and
chair human rights dialogues with third countries. Mr Lambridinis'
initial mandate will run until 30 June 2014. The goal is to enhance the
effectiveness and consistency of EU policy.
The news was broadly appreciated by the MEPs, and bwarmlyb welcomed by
the President of the European Parliament Martin Schulz (Germany, S&D),
and by the chairwoman of the EP human rights subcommittee Barbara
Lochbihler (Germany, Groups of the Greens).
This appointment shows the willingness of the European Union to make
human rights one of its strategic priorities and to give the EU a united
voice on human rights issues. Mr Lambridinis said that he would bensure
the Human Rights gets integrated into all EU external policyb.
Stavros Lambrinidis appointed first EU Special Representative for Human
Rights (25.07.2012)
Stavros Lambrinidis appointed EU Special Representative for Human Rights
MEPs congratulate new EU human rights envoy, Stavros Lambrinidis
EC press briefing (25.07.2012)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
4. ETSI standard for lawful interception triggers privacy questions
The draft UK Communication Bill raises new privacy concerns after it
has been revealed that the UK has also been driving the development of
a European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) standard
framework that allows interception of the content of communication as
well. The Bill will allow the government to compel service companies
like Google and Facebook to provide information to the police and
intelligence services, while the framework sets out the technical
standards for this.
The draft Communication Bill is supposed to deal only with traffic data,
according with the Government position: bThe changes we are making only
relate to the who, where and when of communications data. The
interception of the content of any communications is a completely
separate matter and continues to be strictly controlled by the
Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act, requiring a warrant signed by
the secretary of state" said a Home Office spokesman.
But an April 2012 draft report from ETSI on Lawful Interception (LI)
and Cloud/Virtual Services explains that an electronic communication
provider that offers cloud services must maintain its  obligation to
LI. This means that "the cloud service provider must implement a Cloud
Lawful Interception Function (CLIF). This can be by way of Applications
Programming Interface (API) or more likely ensuring presentation of
information in a format recognisable to interception mechanisms."
The Guardian explains it as being measures to monitor "nomadic access",
which means surveillance of an individual whether they go online from
their home computer, mobile or an Internet cafC).
"They are saying this is only about communications data, but in fact it
is not. If you build the infrastructure that ETSI have agreed, it can be
used for interception. The documents show that there is a clear and
continuing intention to use it for interceptionb, explains Prof. Ross
Anderson, from the  University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory,
"We're seeing moves at an international level to make it easier for the
content of communications to be intercepted. For Home Office officials
behind the communications data bill, spying on who we are emailing or
Skyping is not their final objective. Officials from Britain are working
internationally to force service providers to ensure that their systems
are easy to tap into," concluded Nick Pickles, from Big Brother Watch.
Security services to get more access to monitor emails and social media
Draft ETSI DTR 101 567 V0.0.5 (2012-04) - Lawful Interception (LI);
Cloud/Virtual Services (CLI)
EDRi-gram 10.10: Concerns over the proposed Communication Bill in UK  5. Belarusian journalist detained for showing subway security flaws
Several Belarusian journalists have been lately arrested for having
shown flows in the security system of Belarus. The latest arrest, on 25
July 2012, was that of Vital Ruhayn on charges of hooliganism and
obscene language in public. In fact, he became infamous for publishing a
video online showing a lack of security on the Minsk subway although it
was the target of a deadly bombing in April 2011.
The video was clearly showing the journalist carrying a large bag into
the Minsk metro and following the same route as the 2011 bomber - the
police did not react in any way. Although the court released Ruhayn, he
is still under prosecution and the hearing was only postponed for five
days in order to allow the police to correct the inconsistencies in
their testimonies and written reports.
bVital Ruhaynbs arrest is indicative of the regimebs sensitivities about
matters related b closely or otherwise b to the Minsk bombing and
national security. A journalist should not be arrested for highlighting
police violations of security regulations. We call for the withdrawal of
the trumped-up charges brought against him,b was the reaction of
Reporters Without Borders.
Also, in June, ERB reporter Pavel Svyardlow was arrested on similar
obscene language charges, and was given a 15-day jail sentence
and on 13 July journalist Anton Surapin was arrested for having posting
on the Internet photos of the action of a Swedish advertising agency of
4 July - the agency people flew a light aircraft into the Belarusian
airspace dropping hundreds of teddy-bears with messages supporting free
speech in Belarus. Surapin is still held by the Committee for State
Security on the charge of helping foreigners to cross the border
illegally and is facing a three to seven years prison sentence.
Journalist facing jail sentence for exposing Minsk metro security flaws
Ruhain's case to be revised due to witnesses' confusion (26.07.2012)
Euroradio journalist Vital Ruhain is released (26.07.2012)
6. Google still holds data unlawfully obtained by StreetView
Google admitted, in a letter addressed on 27 July 2012 to UK Information
Commissioner's Office (ICO) as well as to the Irish Data Protection
Commission office that it had not yet deleted all the data unlawfully
obtained in UK by its Street View cars.
After the discovery in May 2010 that Google had scanned, by means of its
Street View cars, the airwaves to identify and map WiFi thus
unlawfully obtaining private data, the company was instructed to delete
all data thus gathered. According to the present Googlebs letter, a
bsmall portionb of the respective data is still in the companybs
possession. Google also asked in its letter for instruction on how to
proceed in deleting the rest of the data.
"In recent months, Google has been reviewing its handling of Street View
disks and undertaking a comprehensive manual review of our Street View
disk inventory. That review involves the physical inspection and
re-scanning of thousands of disks. In conducting that review, we have
determined that we continue to have payload data from the UK and other
countries. We are in the process of notifying the relevant authorities
in those countries," said Google's privacy counsel Peter Fleischer.
ICO answered the letter on 28 July saying Google should promptly supply
the remaining data to the ICO which would "examine the contents" warning
at the same time the company that it might be in breach of the terms
previously agreed following the investigation into the issue in 2010.
Billy Hawkes, the Irish Data Protection Commissioner, said Google was
supposed to have deleted all the data and considered the situation
"clearly unacceptable".
ICO stated that it would coordinate its further actions in the matter
with other data protection authorities through the Article 29 Working
Party and the GPEN network.
Google admits not all unlawfully-collected Street View data has been
deleted (27.07.2012)
Google warned on data deletion delay (28.07.2012)
EDRi-gram 10.12: Googlebs Street View privacy breach again in the public  eye (20.06.2012)
7. France: Update on website blocking without a judicial decision
Fleur Pellerin, the French State Secretary for Digital Economy announced
on 24 July 2012 the intention of the French Government to give up the
Decree on the application of a very controversial Article of LOPPSI 2
law which allowed online filtering of websites with child pornographic
content without a court decision.
Article 4 was stipulating that when bthe necessities of the fight
against broadcasting of images representing minors as per article 227-23
of the Criminal Code justify it, the administrative authority notifies
(the ISPs) the electronic addresses of public electronic online
communication services which contravene the provisions of this article
that these must block or delay access to them.b
One of the main concerns regarding this article is that the blocking
could be done without the intervention of a court order.
The draft decree for the entering into force of Article 4 from LOPPSI 2
(6 months after its publication) was to be published on 15 March 2012,
after a consultation with CNN (Conseil National Numerique b National
Digital Council) which never happened.
However, the text of article 4 is still in the text of the law, so in
order to solve the problem, it is necessary to change the law itself.
Loppsi: the decree on site blocking without judge is abandoned (only in
French, 25.07.2012)
Loppsi: the government abandons blocking without judge (only in
French, 25.07.2012)
EDRi-gram 9.4: France: Loppsi 2 adopted - Internet filtering without court
order (23.02.2011)
8. Reporters Sans FrontiC(res follows on the Wikileaks footsteps
Reporters Sans FrontiC(res (RSF) is looking to take the Wikileaks path
and will start accepting the publication of censured documents in
October 2012 on a new dedicated platform.
Called bWe Fight Censorshipb, the RSF platform will distribute censored
documents received from journalists, bloggers or political dissidents in
order to offer a bdigital shelterb for those who, by revealing such
documents, might be persecuted, condemned, imprisoned or even
bThanks to a digital ultra-secured safe, the Internet
users will be able to provide the organisation, anonymously, with
documents affected by censorship or interdicted for publicationb stated
RSF who also added that the documents will not be published as such but
put into context and the contents included will be verified to ensure
the accuracy and correctness of the shared information.
RSF already organised in 2010 an banti-censure shelterb space for the
protection of political dissidents, journalists and bloggers threatened
by authorities, which allows them to surf and communicate rather safely
by using various ciphering and anonymization tools.
On 21 July 2012, the association organised a hackathon in order to test
the reliability of the platform and the security of the document
transmission system.
RSF wants to fight censorship by publishing banned documents (only in
French, 25.07.2012)
We fight censorship
Hackathon "We fight censorship" on 21 July (20.07.2012)
9. Recommended Action
Call for Papers for a special edition of IEEE Internet Computing on
Internet Censorship and Control. The editors are looking for short (up
to 5,000 words) articles on the technical, social, and political
mechanisms and impacts of Internet censorship and control.They are
soliciting both technical and social science articles, and especially
encourage those that combine the two.
Deadline for a brief description of the article: 15 August 2012
Commission consults on a future EU Network and Information Security
legislative initiative (27.07.2012)
Deadline: 15 October 2012
10. Recommended Reading
Online traceability: Who did that? (27.07.2012)
Big data at your service
Linked Open Government Data
European Telco Proposal to ITU: A Threat to the Open Web? (27.07.2012)
11. Agenda
25-26 August 2012, Bonn, Germany
Free and Open Source software conference (FrOSCon)
6-7 September 2012, Cluj-Napoca, Romania
CONSENT policy conference:
Perceptions, Privacy and Permissions: the role of consent in on-line
8-9 September 2012, Vienna, Austria
Daten, Netz & Politik 2012
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and Genetic
Resources Commons.
14-17 September 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Freedom not Fear 2012
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Conference
25-28 October 2012, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2012
6-9 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Seventh Annual IGF Meeting: "Internet Governance for Sustainable Human,
Economic and Social Development"
9-11 November 2012, Fulda, Germany
Digitalisierte Gesellschaft - Wege und Irrwege
FIfF Annual Conference in cooperation with Fuldaer Informatik Kollquium
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-12-05 21:49:08
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.23, 5 December 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.23, 5 December 2012
1. European domain names under siege
2. International coalition calls for withdrawal of Dutch hacking plans
3. Lobbying DP Regulation: European Banking Federation as an example
4. Chisugate: Copyright blackmail in Finland
5. Russia: Pussy Riot's videos declared illegal on the Internet
6. Netherlands: legislation for forced decryption announced
7. German government proposes extended tracking of Internet users
8. Danish opposition wants to abandon the illegal medicine site blocking
9. ENDitorial: What could possibly go wrong?
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. European domain names under siege
On 26 November 2012, 132 or 133 domain names were seized by the U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations
(ICE) in collaboration with the Europol and national law enforcement
authorities. The seized domains were supposed to have illegally sold
counterfeit products on the Internet online.
The common press release of the ICE and Europol not only does not agree
on the correct number of the domain names seized (132 on the ICE website
or 133 on the Europol website), but also does not seem to know the
difference between trademark and copyright ("the copyright holders
confirmed that the purchased products were counterfeit" or "banner that
(...) educates them about the federal crime of willful copyright
The US law enforcement authorities have seized domains before but this
is the first time that European ccTLDs such as .be, .eu, .dk, .fr, .ro,
or .uk. have been involved. The authorities have not released the list
of the 31 European domain names involved in the action, but Torrentfreak
already identified some of those sites, such as: chaussuresfoot.be,
chaussurevogue.eu or eshopreplica.eu.
The official press release talks about "a great example of the
tremendous cooperation" that "enables us to go after criminals who are
duping unsuspecting shoppers all over the world." But there is no
information if the domain name holders were actually identified and
accused of an IPR infringement in a penal case. Or, if a court order was
required to shut down the website. Or, if the website was actually
targeting the US Market, so that the US authorities be involved.
Just a few days later, on 30 November 2012, several BitTorrent sites
including Torrentz.eu, Fenopy.eu and BTscene.eu found their .EU domains
put on hold by EURid, the European Registry of Internet Domain Names.
bThis domain name has been registered and is on hold. It is active but
may not be traded or transferred pending the outcome of legal activity,b
say EURidbs notes. EURid has made no further public comments, but
informed the domain names holders that the action was made "upon request
of the Belgian Public Prosecutor following notification of pending legal
proceedings in respect of the website" without wanting to give any
details regarding the legal proceedings involved.
DDL linking sites Sceper.eu and Downextra.eu, torrent site
RealTorrentz.eu, and streaming links sites WatchSeries.eu and
ChannelCut.eu are also in a similar situation. All these sites appear in
the first few pages of Googlebs Transparency Report which means that
they are associated with a rather high number of takedown requests. It
seems that now, only three sites on Googlebs report have not, at least
not yet, been put on hold.
In another news on torrent domain names, Torrentreactor.net and
Torrents.net domain names and IP-addresses are to be blocked by all ISPs
in Italy following a local court injunction.
Websites selling counterfeit merchandise taken down by authorities in
Europe and the USA (26.11.2012)
BitTorrent Site Owners Fear European Domain Name Seizures (27.11.2012)
Top BitTorrent Sites Have Domains Put On Hold Pending Legal Action
Italian Court Orders Nationwide Block of TorrentReactor and Torrents.net
2. International coalition calls for withdrawal of Dutch hacking plans
An international coalition of more than 40 civil rights organizations
and security experts have expressed their bgrave concernsb about a Dutch
proposal to break into foreign computers and search and delete data. In
a letter handed over to the Dutch minister of Security and Justice by
Dutch digital rights organization Bits of Freedom on Monday 3 December
2012, the coalition urgently calls upon the minister to withdraw his
According to the international coalition, the proposal poses serious
risks to the human rights and cybersecurity of individuals worldwide.
This is aggravated by the fact that countries will likely follow the
initiative of the Netherlands. This will lead to a situation where
countries will enforce their local laws on foreign computers. These
local laws would not solely address cybercrime, but also issues deemed
illegal in other countries, such as blasphemy and political criticism.
The coalition therefore strongly urges the minister to withdraw his
proposal. The letter is signed by more than 40 members of the civil
society. These include civil rights organizations such as the Electronic
Frontier Foundation (US), Privacy International (UK), the Chaos Computer
Club (Germany) or EDRi. In addition, renowned security-experts and
software developers Bruce Schneier (US), Richard Stallman (US) and Ron
Deibert (Canada) signed the letter.
The proposal will be debated in the Dutch parliament on Thursday, 6
December 2012. The letter is then likely to be discussed, as it received
broad media coverage. If you are interested in the outcome, please mail
directly to simone.halink at bof.nl.
EDRi-gram: Dutch proposal to search and destroy foreign computers
Dutch plans to remotely conduct searches and delete data on foreign
computers (30.11.2012)
(Contribution by Simone Halink - EDRi member Bits of Freedom, Netherlands)
3. Lobbying DP Regulation: European Banking Federation as an example
With the discussions on the proposed General Data Protection Regulation
moving forward, lobbyists in Brussels are working overtime. One example
is the European Banking Federation (EBF), which submitted a letter
outlining its position and proposed changes to the text to MEPs. A
public version is available on the EBF's website. EDRi has also seen the
complete version with proposed amendments ready for copy&paste. Quite a
few of these amendments have been tabled word-for-word in the IMCO
In short, the EBF wants weaker obligations on data breach notification,
implicit consent, lower fines, more profiling and more grounds for
lawful processing: a) processing of data taken from publicly available
lists or documents which should always be lawful; b) processing
"necessary to defend an interest, collecting evidences as judicial
proofs or file an action".
In a bit more detail, the EBF wants controllers to be able to use
"implicit" consent b no specific reasons are given for their
unwillingness or inability to ask for explicit consent for processing
personal data. Likewise, it wants to remove the provisions saying that
consent is required in situations where there is a significant imbalance
between the controller and data subject. Here, at least a reason is
given, namely that this could apply to banks.
Another proposal is to cut the fines data protection authorities can
impose on controllers who break the law b the Commission proposal had 1
million Euro or 2% of global annual turnover for companies as the upper
limit for the most egregious breaches. The EBF proposes to remove the
second part, claiming that such fees would be disproportionate.
Additionally, the EBF wants to make it easier to allow profiling. Their
arguments are that sometimes profiling customers is imposed by
anti-money-laundering laws, sometimes it makes sense for the banks to do
it, e.g. before approving real-estate loans, and finally, they argue, it
can sometimes be in the customer's interest. So, looking at the
Commission's proposal, when would profiling be allowed? If it is
expressly authorised by law; when it is carried out in the course of
entering into a contract; when it is based on the data subject's consent
b which would be easily obtainable for profiling measures that are
supposedly in their interest. So, while legitimate cases would already
be allowed, the EBF wants to push it further, to allow profiling when
neither the customer nor the law have approved it.
In some cases, the proposed changes also stem from a simple
misunderstanding of the proposal. For example, the EBF proposes
excluding the right to erasure, if there is a legal obligation for the
controller to keep the data. Sounds sensible. So sensible in fact, that
the Commission proposal contains a provision doing exactly this, just
two paragraphs below in the same Article! There are more examples of
such proposed changes duplicating rules that are already in the
proposal. Such changes would not help the text's clarity, and could
cause further misunderstanding when it will be applied in practice. One
would imagine that industrial lobbyists would be lobbying for more legal
clarity and not less.
The bottom line is that some of the proposed amendments seriously weaken
consumer protection, while others are based on a faulty understanding of
the text, introducing provisions that are not needed and undermining the
clarity of the Regulation. One would hope that this would not get the
EBF far, especially in the European Parliament Committee charged with
consumer protection. Think again. Many of its proposals on reasons for
lawfulness, consent, profiling, data subject rights, and fees have
simply been copied and pasted by several MEPs into their amendments.
Whether these amendments will be carried remains to be seen. But already
the fact that they were tabled shows how easily lobbies b even with
proposed changes that sometimes simply do not make sense b can
influence the political process. This was just one lobby group. There
are many, many more. Brussels is awash with data bprotectionb lobbying,
misunderstandings and misinformation. Whether the fundamental right to
privacy of 500 million Europeans will survive this onslaught is anyone's
guess. As usual, EDRi is chasing around the corridors trying to redress
the balance.
EBU lobbying letter
EDRi's website on the Regulation
(Contribution by EDRi intern - Owe Langfeldt)
4. Chisugate: Copyright blackmail in Finland
In the spring of 2012, in Finland, the father of a young girl received
what amounted to a blackmail letter from a copyright lawyer. The letter
demanded the payment of 600 Euros as damages for having distributed
copyright-protected music recordings. The letter also demanded that the
father sign a non-disclosure agreement regarding the matter.
The father contacted the lawyer and denied having distributed any
copyrighted material. He explained that his daughter, who had been nine
years old at the time of the so-called crimes, had tried to download
some songs of her idol, the Finnish artist called Chisu. The girl had
been saving money in order to buy Chisu's latest CD, but was impatient
to hear some songs from the album already, and so her dad showed her how
to write the appropriate keywords in search engines. Despite her
attempts, the girl only managed to download something that did not play.
Soon after that the father bought the CD for the girl.
In November 2012, something unbelievable happened. Two police officers
with a search warrant entered the home of the family and seized the
girl's computer. The police officers also suggested the father pay up
"to make things easier for everyone involved" because they would
immediately drop the matter if he did.
Even the Finnish Copyright Information and Anti-Piracy Centre (TTVK ry,
a private association of the copyright industry) has admitted that the
identity of a person who shares copyrighted material online cannot be
ascertained, and that, in Finland, the threat letters are sent to the
owner of the Internet connection. The owner of the connection is the one
who risks being subjected to a search and seizure of property.
TTVK also says that the majority of people who have received these
letters have agreed to the non-disclosure and payments demanded of them.
The amounts are smaller than in the US, but still hefty. Shocking but
true, apparently a copyright holder can demand mafia-style payments from
ordinary people who are told to hand over their money and shut up or
otherwise the police might come and take away their computers. TTVK has
openly admitted that the aim of the letters is to threaten other
The disturbing incident was covered in the Finnish online and printed
press, and made international headlines. In his detailed Facebook post
about the incident, the father makes it clear that he has supported
artists in many ways for his entire life, but as a result of the
unethical practices of the copyright industry he has come to question
the sanity of the copyright enforcement system.
After the incident had become a major PR headache for the copyright
lobby, the matter was settled out of court between the father and TTVK,
and the father apparently agreed to pay half of the originally demanded
amount (300 Euros). After this, the seized laptop is being returned to
its owner.
Electronic Frontier Finland (Effi) filed a request to investigate the
actions of the Helsinki district court and the police with the
parliamentary ombudsman. According to the court papers, TTVK only
had evidence that one music album had been downloaded from the IP
address which belonged to the father. The court interpreted this as
constituting significant ongoing damage to the copyright holder and
ordered the ISP to reveal the identity of the user of the IP address to
TTVK. In the opinion of Effi, this is an overreaching interpretation of
the Finnish copyright law. The police "planned the search and seizure
carefully" (in their own words) but failed to act in proportion to the
alleged damage: they should have only copied the contents of the laptop
for evidence instead of seizing the whole device. Additionally, as
police resources are limited nowadays, carrying out a search and seizure
operation in a minor case like this has probably delayed the
investigation of more important cases.
Antipiracy Center in Finland
Payment demand for child's downloading part of a strike against piracy -
majority paid without resisting (only in Finnish, 21.11.2012)
Payments of hundreds of euros for illegally downloading Chisu's album
(only in Finnish, 2.12.2012)
Post on Facebook from the father (only in Finnish, 20.11.2012)
Request to investigate the actions of Helsinki district court and the
police in so-called Chisugate (only in Finnish, 27.11.2012)
Anti-piracy group takes child's laptop in Finland (30.11.2012)
(Contribution by Otso Kassinen and Timo Karjalainen - EDRi member
Electronic Frontier Finland)
5. Russia: Pussy Riot's videos declared illegal on the Internet
A Moscow-based court has ruled on 29 November 2012 that four videos of
the already famous dissident punk band Pussy Riot are extremist and
therefore should be banned on the Russian Internet. The court said that
all the Russian websites that do not comply with this obligation could
pay a fine of up to approx. 2500 Euro (100 000 roubles). Prosecutors
took up the case on the request of State Duma member Alexander
Starovoitov, from the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia.
The court refused to allow the participation in the hearing of the one
member of the punk band that was not convicted. Yekaterina Samutsevich,
was freed last month after a court suspended her sentence.
A Google representative confirmed that they would block the content on
YouTube in Russia after they would receive the court order information.
Under the Russian law, providers who host forbidden content are subject
to criminal prosecution.
"Whatever you think about these videos, they have become a part of the
history of this country. Just as in old times, we burned books. Now we
are deleting video clips which have undoubted historic significance."
commented Russian blogger and analyst Oleg Kozyrev to the Radio Free
The extremist nature of the videos was explained by the fact that it
offended the Orthodox Christians, by shooting the anti-Putin performance
video at Moscowbs main Russian Orthodox cathedral. This is why probably
a spokesman for the Russian Orthodox Church welcomed the ruling.
The ruling "violates the right to freedom of expression and shows the
continued failure of the Russian justice system to protect political and
artistic dissent," said Dr Agnes Callamard, Executive Director of the
EDRi member ARTICLE 19, and explained that "the Russian government is
trying to hide its attacks on democracy, claiming that the punk prayer
which mocks the corrupt relationship between Putin and the church's
patriarch is an attack on religious believers".
The ruling should be enforced starting with 1 January 2013, but could be
appealed. It is not clear who may appeal, though, after the
spokeswoman for Moscow's Court, told journalists that Samutsevich has
no right to appeal the court's decision because she did not take part in
the hearing.
But the Russian authorities might aim at more rules on the Internet.
During the joint news conference held in Paris on 27 November 2012 by
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev and French Prime Minister
Jean-Marc Ayrault, Medvedev was asked a question of legislative scrutiny
with regard to internet regulation in Russia. In his reply, the Russian
prime minister admitted that the current legislation regulating the
Internet is bimperfectb and called upon the international community to
bconsider parameters to regulate the operation of the internet on the
national or international level.b He also noted that the Russian
Internet legislation bshould not be referred to as repressive because
not a single online source has been blocked or cut off during the
enforcement of this legislation.b
Moscow court orders removal of bextremistb Pussy Riot online videos
Moscow Court Designates Pussy Riot Videos As 'Extremist' (3.12.2012)
Moscow Court Finds Pussy Riot Video 'Extremist' (29.11.2012)
Special Report On Russia: Enforcement Against Online Copyright
Infringement  (3.12.2012)
Transcript of the Medvedev- Ayrault common press conference (27.11.2012)
Russia: Pussy Riot bpunk prayerb video banned (30.11.2012)
6. Netherlands: legislation for forced decryption announced
The Dutch Minister of Justice has sent a letter to the House of
Representatives announcing a proposal for legislation that will allow
the police to force a suspect to decrypt information that is under
investigation in a case of terrorism or sexual abuse of children. The
Minister has ignored all major conclusions and recommendations set forth
in the report commissioned by his department.
The Dutch House of Representatives has urged the Minister of Justice to
investigate the feasibility of such injunction. The Parliament felt
these extra powers to be necessary after the media reported that the
police was having difficulties accessing encrypted information on the
computer of someone suspected of sexually abusing children. However,
there has been no supporting evidence that this is a structural problem.
Last year, the minister agreed to investigate the feasibility of such an
order. He promised to look into the reconcilability with the privilege
against self-incrimination, experiences of other countries in
implementing such legislation and technical developments. A
comprehensive report was sent to the Parliament last week, accompanied
with the announcement of a legislative proposal.
The report states that, although such an injunction will always be an
infringement on the privilege against self-incrimination, this privilege
does not preclude such an injunction as there may be a legitimate
interests at stake. The report sets out that the European Court of
Justice considers four criteria to determine whether a forced decryption
is acceptable. These criteria are:
i) the nature and extent of the coercion,
ii) the public interest,
iii) the presence of relevant safeguards, and
iv) the way in which the decrypted information is used.
The research also looks into the use of similar powers in other
countries. The United Kingdom has an extensive regulation with quite
some safeguards for legal protection. France has a similar law and in
the United States the enforced decryption is defined by case law.
However, these legal systems differ from those in the Netherlands
considerably. As a result, the experiences from these countries cannot
easily be translated to the Dutch legal system.
The research also examined the enforceability and developments in
technology. It finds that the use of encryption is rising and that the
concept of bplausible deniabilityb makes it hard to prove the existence
of encrypted information in the first place. The researchers doubt the
effectiveness of the proposed powers when used against serious
criminals. Such an injunction will only work against petty criminals.
The research concludes with three proposals, apart from maintaining the
status quo. One option would be to codify the procedure for such an
injunction, but not to penalize refusal by the suspect. Alternatively,
one could penalize the use upon the refusal. This last proposal comes in
two flavours: one in which the unencrypted information is used excluded
from the suspect's case and one in which the information may be used
against the suspect as well.
Based on this research, the Minister has now announced a proposal for
legislation that will allow the police to force a suspect to decrypt
information that is under investigation in a case of terrorism or sexual
abuse of children. The suspect will be penalized if he refuses to
provide access to the information. The Minister does not want to let
room for exclusion of evidence. The Ministry has thus ignored all
major conclusions and recommendations of the report.
Letter of Minister of Justice to the House of Representatives,
announcing legislation to allow police to force a suspect to decrypt
information (only in Dutch, 28.11.2012)
Research: forced decryption and the privilege against self-incrimination
(only in Dutch, 28.11.2012)
Bits of Freedom: forced decryption will not work and makes the
Netherlands more insecure (28.11.2012)
(Contribution by Rejo Zenger - EDRi member Bits of Freedom, Netherlands)
7. German government proposes extended tracking of Internet users
The German government is proposing an amendment to the Telecommunication
Act that would allow law enforcement and intelligence agencies to
extensively identify Internet users, without any court order or
reasonable suspicion of a crime.
The proposed amendment comes as a result of the German Federal
Constitutional Court having decided in January 2012 that the rules
governing the inquiry of telecommunication data from providers were
unconstitutional. The Court found the provisions within the
Telecommunication Act granting authorities the right to access such
data, as unconstitutional and required additional specific provisions
within the relevant specific laws, such as the code of criminal procedure.
According to the draft amendment produced by the government, prosecution
authorities as well as security and secret services may inquire certain
personal data (such as name, address or bank information of customers)
collected by telecommunications and Internet providers. Explicit
provisions allow the use of a dynamic IP address for the identification
of its holder. The amendment also includes a qualified legal basis for
inquiry rights of the respective authorities against providers. The
identification of IP addresses is not to be limited to a case-by-case
basis. Providers are to install electronic data handover interfaces. The
government is also planning to grant access to e-mail account passwords
as well as to voicebox and mobile phone PIN codes without clearly
defining the preconditions to such access. Several civil rights groups
expressed concern regarding the draft amendment considering it
poses a serious threat to civil liberties.
bIn the face of the fact that this has the quality of a breach of the
privacy of telecommunication, the present draft of a revised disclosure
of inventory data contains only insufficient provisions to guarantee the
basic rights. It is especially problematic that it lacks the necessity
of an injunction issued by a court or a state prosecutor. There has to
be a qualified legal basis which fulfils the requirements of the
principle of proportionality,b says Henning Lesch, Head of Law &
Regulation of eco Association.
Revision of Telecommunications Act Constitutional? (2.11.2012)
New German draft on state authorities' rights to inquiry
telecommunications data from providers (11.2012)
German government to legalize extensive tracking of Internet users
German version
Draft Amendment (only in German, 19.09.2012)
8. Danish opposition wants to abandon the illegal medicine site blocking
A majority outside the Danish government parties proposes to abandon
blocking access to websites selling illegal medicine. The law (a new
revision of the laws regulating selling of medicine etc.) allowing
blocking of these sites was passed in May 2011.
Since that time, only one website 24hdiet.com, was blocked and new
domains selling the same products as 24hdiet quickly appeared (e.g.
Now, laws regulating the sale of medicine are being revised again to
implement EU directive 2011/62/EU.
Enhedslisten party proposed an amendment to the revision to abandon the
blocking. The proposal is a result of Enhedslisten spokeswoman, Stine
Brix who started the debate on an Etherpad. Questions put to the
government were formulated on the Etherpad where and the text of the
amendment to abandon the blocking appeared first.
There is a majority in the parliament against the blocking from the
parties of the previous government that introduced it. The spokeswoman
for opposition party Venstre, the biggest party in the Parliament,
explains that they have expected the blocking to work, but it turned out
not to be effective and now she wants to focus on customs and
international cooperation.
The spokesman for the Social Democrats (Government Party), Flemming
MC8ller Mortensen, said to Information that something had to be done,
that was more than a signal, something that they can believe it works.
"Because it is really difficult with all the things that can be done on
the Internet across borders".
This is just about one kind of blocking. For example the blocking of
gambling sites is still in effect.
But maybe the tide is finally turning in Denmark.
DNS-censoring Illegal Pharmaceutical Vendors - 24hdiet.com Blocked
Rollback of DNS Blocking (only in Danish)
Majority outside the Government will remove net-blocking for medicine
pages (only in Danish, 27.11.2012)
(Contribution by Niels Elgaard Larsen EDRi member IT Pol - Denmark)
9. ENDitorial: What could possibly go wrong?
With the discussions on the proposed General Data Protection Regulation
in full swing and the first opinions of some European Parliament
Committees in, several themes of proposed changes emerge. One of these
can be paraphrased as bwe shouldn't bother controllers with too many
obligations, they know their stuff and want to do the right thingb.
Slightly more elaborate versions of this view have been used to justify
amendments aiming to cut documentation obligations, lessen requirements
on data breach notifications and information obligations. There also
seems to be an undercurrent of bin any case, it's usually not that bad
if things go wrongb.
Indeed, how bad could it be if things go wrong? And do controllers
handle personal data responsibly? A few cases that made headlines in the
past years can provide examples.
Between 2005 and 2007, Deutsche Telekom used its own traffic data to spy
on journalists and trade union members of its own supervisory board in
order to stop leaks. According to the head of unit in charge of the spy
operation, this happened on behalf of the then-CEO and the chairman of
the supervisory board. Since then, this head of unit has been sentenced
to 3.5 years of prison, while the former CEO and the chairman of the
supervisory board claimed not to have known anything.
More recently, whatsapp, a smartphone application for sending text
messages which is used around the globe to send more than a billion
messages per day, is currently in the news for an astounding row of
privacy gaffes. For starters, the service used to send messages without
encryption, so that exchanges could be easily spied upon. It seems that
whatsapp's developers had been made aware about this security hole the
size of a barn door almost a year before they fixed it. Just a month
later, another security flaw was uncovered, allowing to take over
whatsapp accounts and send messages from compromised accounts using
simple tools b there was an app for that. Instead of fixing the problem,
whatsapp sent legal threats against the developers of the tools. Now,
two and a half months later, this other barn door is still wide open.
Between 2002 and 2005 Deutsche Bahn, a railway operator, screened
170 000 of its employees to find out about connections to subcontractors
and possible corruption. In 2006 and 2007, it also spied on employees'
e-mails to uncover whistleblowers, sifting through up to 150 000 e-mails
a day. The company's CEO had to step down over these scandals, while
still denying that any wrongdoing had occurred. Later on, investigations
confirmed the suspicions and Deutsche Bahn was fined 1.12 Million Euro
in 2009. Sounds like a lot? That year, it took Deutsche Bahn about seven
hours to make that amount in pre-tax profit.
In 2007 to 2010, when sending cars around the world to collect images
for its service Street View, Google also collected information on
wireless networks to be used to make cell phone localisation more
precise. The software used also collected content sent over open WiFi
networks, collecting websites visited, passwords, e-mails and other
information. Google was not forthcoming in the investigations, first
denying that payload data had been collected, then talking about a
simple bmistakeb, then blaming it on a rogue developer. In the end, it
turned out that the code in question was in fact documented, and that
oversight was bminimalb, to quote from the US Federal Communications
Commission's investigation report, which fined Google 25 000 USD for
stonewalling the investigation.
In a different register, police authorities do not fare better. They
will be subject to a different text, a proposed Directive that contains
more lax rules than the Regulation. Here as well, egregious violations
can be found everywhere.
For example, officers of the Irish Police (Garda) used police databases
for their private interests, for example to run background checks on
their daughters' boyfriends. In another case, a police officer used
retained telecommunications traffic data to snoop on her ex-partner.
Such cases have been discovered again and again over the years,
following a usual pattern: they become public, the Data Protection
Authority (DPA) investigates and conducts audits, finds wrongdoings, the
Garda promises to change, rinses and repeats. In one case, the Garda
also adopted a bcode of practiceb, endorsed by the DPA. It does not seem
to have helped much.
In Poland, the police, as well as the anti-corruption office and the
domestic intelligence agency, surveyed at least ten journalists of
various media between 2005 and 2007, using telecommunications traffic
data without court orders or any connection to ongoing investigations.
One of the journalists, of the influential Gazeta Wyborcza, wrote
several articles about well-known and sometimes controversial actions of
the anti-corruption office b the one that later on requested his traffic
data. After the case became public, an investigation was launched, but a
regional prosecutorbs office claimed to have found no wrongdoing. Only
after one of the spied journalists went to court, a meaningful
investigation got under way. The court ruled on the case in April 2012,
saying that the anti-corruption office violated the journalistbs
privacy, as well as the right to protection of journalistic sources.
In Dresden, Germany, the local police collected information on more or
less every mobile phone call made and SMS sent in the city, in total
almost one million connections, at the occasion of an anti-Nazi
demonstration. The police justified collecting the information with
several offences that occurred at the margins of the demonstration.
Saxony's interior minister defended the measure as being
bproportionateb, even after it became public that the police also used
the data for totally unrelated investigations and had been told to stop
this by the local prosecutor's office. Months after being formally
reprimanded by Saxony's DPA, the police still used the data.
What all these examples, both from the private and the public sector,
show is that in many cases, incompetence or lack of oversight lead to
unacceptable shortcomings, while in others, it is straight-up malice. In
law-enforcement, there seems to be a widespread belief among
practitioners that bwe're the good guysb, which in turn sometimes leads
to abuses. So no, we cannot trusts controllers to know their stuff and
to want to do the right thing. And yes, it can be bad if things go wrong.
Whatsapp case
Deutsche Telekom case
Deutsche Bahn case
Google Streetview case
Irish police case
Surveillance of Polish journalists case
Dresden police case
(Contribution by EDRi interns Katarzyna Syska and Owe Langfeldt)
10. Recommended Reading
Do we really want to put the ITU in charge of cybersecurity? (28.11.2012)
Northern Ireland Court Orders Facebook to take down bPaedophile Watchb
page (30.11.2012)
EU urged to choose transatlantic convergence on data protection (5.12.2012)
11. Agenda
27-30 December 2012, Hamburg, Germany
29C3 - Chaos Communication Congress
20-23 January 2013, Brussels, Belgium
The Power of Information - How Science and Technology can Make a Difference
23-25 January 2013, Brussels, Belgium
CPDP 2013 Conference - Reloading data protection
2-3 February 2013, Brussels, Belgium
22 February 2013, Warsaw, Poland
ePSIplatform Conference: "Gotcha! Getting everyone on board"
21-22 March 2013, Malta
Online Privacy: Consenting to your Future
CfP by 14 December 2012
6-8 May 2013, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2013
25-26 June 2013, Barcelona, Spain
9th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Big Data:
Challenges and Opportunities.
31 July b 4 August 2013, Geestmerambacht, Netherlands
Observe. Hack. Make. - OHM2013
24-27 September 2013, Warsaw, Poland
Public Voice Conference 2013
35th International Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners conference
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-gram.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRi and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-02-15 21:05:45
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.3, 15 February 2012 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.3, 15 February 2012
1. European Anti-ACTA protests from 11 February
2. European Commission discusses tactical, partial retreat on ACTA
3. European Commission "Roadmap" for review of the IPR Enforcement Directive
4. Hadopi takes the final steps towards cutting Internet access
5. Two Strikes in Germany?
6. Software-hardware bundling not accepted in France
7. UK: 3 million checks on criminal records in 2011
8. RFID - a dangerous fashion trend highlighted on German streets by FoeBuD
9. Irish ISP puts its customers' personal data at risk
10. EU DP Regulation Proposal: The French CNIL defends its turf
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. European Anti-ACTA protests of 11 February
Several tens of thousands of citizens from an estimated 200 cities in Europe
went out in the streets on a cold 11 February 2012, in a massive
pan-european protest against ACTA and to support digital civil rights.
Several EDRI members and observers have reported for the EDRi-gram on what
happened in their countries.
The biggest turnout was in Germany, where 100 000 protesters flooded the
streets to demonstrate against the ACTA agreement. These massive protests in
spite of sub-zero temperature have caught the attention of not only
politicians but also media and the wider public completely by surprise. A
day before, the German government backed down in face of this wave of online
protest and postponed the signing of ACTA until the decision of the European
Parliament. The demonstrations were organized entirely in a decentralized
manner via the Internet. The participants were mostly very young and took
part in a demonstration for the first time. In Berlin 10 000 people took the
streets against ACTA, in Munich even 16 000. Never before have so many
people protested for reforming copyright legislation and against
overshooting surveillance of the digital realm. Because of the protests,
ACTA became the main topic in the news in Germany and has remained so ever
since. For the first time, these protests have ignited a wider debate on how
the outdated copyright law can be adapted to the requirements of the digital
age. Therefore, EDRi-member Digitale Gesellschaft e.V. demanded: "We must
reform copyright but must not cement it with ACTA."
In the capital of Bulgaria approx 6-8 000 people showed up in one of the
largest demonstration since 1997, shouting slogans against ACTA and for
Internet freedom. In some cases the local police did not allow the
participants in Sofia to wear the Guy Fawkes - or "V" - masks and even asked
for purchase proof for the laptops people brought at the event, to "make
sure they were not stolen".
Since the Austrian government signed ACTA on 26 January, a broad movement
against the treaty has formed. It consists of activists in and around the
EDRi member VIBE!AT, a group of former Pirate Party members who started
their own initiative (netzfreiheit.org), political parties and
representatives (the Greens, MEP Ehrenhauser and the Pirate Party) and
Anonymous. Together, these different groups have dominated the public
perception of ACTA. The efforts included: concentrated press releases to
push the story out of the tech departments, press conferences held by ACTA
opponents and discussions in independent media formats. The action peaked on
11 February when all over Austria close to 10 000 people took to the streets
to protest against ACTA.
Around 5 000 Romanians gathered in over 20 major cities, most of them
in Cluj-Napoca and Bucharest, to demonstrate against ACTA. They were also
chanting for Internet freedom and against surveillance. There are several
national online petitions gathering more than 40 000 signatures asking for
ACTA not to be ratified by the European Parliament or the national
After the publication of the information that the Czech Republic had signed
ACTA, EDRi-member Iuridicum Remedium published a Czech translation of the
campaign "Call your MPs" (EDRi). The media began to seriously inform about
ACTA and the first debate about the agreement was held on 2 February. On 6
February the Czech government office issued a statement that the Czech
Republic had stopped the ratification of ACTA, but that didn't stop several
Czech cities to join the demonstration against ACTA on 11 February 2012.
Around a thousand Hungarians gathered in Budapest for the country's first
ACTA protest, with smaller rallies held in Szikesfihervar, Szeged and Pics.
The demonstrations were organized by the Pirate Party  movements and
generated substantial media coverage.
Close to a thousand Hungarians gathered in Budapest for the the nation's
first ACTA protest, with smaller rallies also held in Szikesfihervar,
Szeged and Pics. The demonstrations were organized by the Hungarian
Anonymous Group, Occupy Budapest and the Pirate Party movement.
In Finland about 400 people attended the anti-ACTA demonstration on 11
February in the streets of Helsinki. The demonstrations helped raise
media attention, especially because earlier coverage on ACTA was very
low. The Finnish Parliament is expected to discuss ACTA in Autumn 2012.
Protesters also demonstrated against ACTA in The Netherlands. People in
various cities, including Amsterdam and Rotterdam, faced the cold and
expressed their discontent with ACTA. In Amsterdam some 250 people gathered
in Dam Square where there were some improvised speeches. MEP Marietje
Schaake visited the demonstration. Halfway in the afternoon, about half of
the demonstrators made an improvised march through the city.
In Brussels, around 300 people protested in the city centre shouting slogans
against ACTA and rolling out a huge banner: "ACTA: Sharing culture is a now
crime - Thank you EU!" Participants included local politicians,
representatives from several Belgian NGOs (such as Constant, datapanik and
Nurpa), international NGO AccessNow.org, press people and many Anonymous
Around 500 protesters also gathered in central London outside the offices of
rights holder representative groups to protest against ACTA.
There are several online petitions against ACTA gathering milllions ofore
than 40 000 signatures (the Access global petition has almost 400 000 and
the Avaaz petition has over 2 million signatures already).
Pictures from demonstrations on 11.02.2012
Czech Republic
Several European cities
Videos from demonstrations on 11.02.2012
Czech Republic
National platforms against ACTA
Czech Republic
Global petition against ACTA and map of protests
Aaavaz Petition: ACTA: The new threat to the net
(contributions by several EDRi members and observers)
2. European Commission discusses tactical, partial retreat on ACTA
At the meeting of the heads of cabinet of the European Commission on Monday
of this week, Commissioner De Gucht's representative announced that a
referral of ACTA to the Court of Justice of the European Union is currently
being considered.
The minutes of the meeting, which have been obtained by EDRi, say that the
head of cabinet described the "strong mobilisation" against the Agreement by
"certain NGOs and movements active on the Internet" and stated that a
referral of the Agreement to the Court of Justice is being considered. It is
noteworthy that the suggestion is only to check the compatibility of ACTA
with primary EU law. Such a referral, depending on how it is framed, risks
being quite vague and may not lead to a comprehensive response. However, any
broadly favourable response from the Court would most certainly be used to
push through the Agreement, on the basis that the ruling "proves" that there
is no problem.
The head of cabinet added that it is necessary to instigate a period of
reflection on how the EU should position itself on this issue and to make an
effort to go beyond the argument that growth in the digital economy is only
possible with adequate protection of intellectual property. The Secretary
General of the Commission closed the discussion by saying the Commission
would return to the dossier in due course, after a "period of thorough
This brief exchange of views exposes a number of interesting points.
Firstly, the Commission, and Commissioner De Gucht in particular, were
clearly profoundly impressed by the weekend's demonstrations, contrary to
the Commission's public statements. Secondly, the Commission now has
sufficient doubts regarding the legality of the Agreement, again contrary to
the Commission's public statements, that a request for confirmation of
legality from the European Union's highest court is being seriously
considered. Finally, the comments of the Secretary General clearly show that
she sees a need for the Commission to think again.
Bearing in mind the extreme credibility problems of the European Commission
on this dossier, any hint that such a referral is a delaying tactic, to wait
until the furore surrounding the Agreement has died down, will further
inflame the tensions around ACTA.
The Commission must finally recognise the breadth of serious criticism of
ACTA, from  thirteen members of the Sakharov Network of winners of the
European Parliament's Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, from  the
European Data Protection Supervisor, from the Organisation for Security and
Cooperation in Europe, from the UN Special Rapporteur on Freedom of
Expression (in his general comments on privatised online enforcement), from
the group of European Academics and the European Economic and Social
Committee. It may be comfortable to caricature critics of ACTA as
ill-informed anti-IPR activists. As with many comfortable assumptions, it is
wrong, it is insulting and it is counterproductive.
EDRi will write to the European Commission in order to warn of the dangers
of being perceived to be manipulating the decision-making process by sending
a weakly framed question to the Court of Justice or claiming that this will
give a comprehensive answer to critics' concerns. The Commission needs to
draw the consequences of the need for "thorough reflection" and use all
legal and research options at its disposal to address the problem of the
likely incompatibility of ACTA with  primary and secondary European Union
law. This needs to be done in a comprehensive manner.
Furthermore, if the Commission does indeed want "a period of thorough
reflection," it should also undertake a thorough impact assessment, in order
to study the possible impact of ACTA, regardless of the legality of the
Agreement. By adopting ACTA, a decision would be made to make it impossible
to reform key aspects of the 2004 IPR Enforcement before reviewing their
impact and to export those measures to other countries, a decision would be
made to encourage the Internet companies abroad to police their networks and
potentially use this power to restrict access to markets, a decision is
being made to impose disproportionate rules on damages and impose a grossly
unsatisfactory set of criteria for imposing criminal sanctions for
infringements. It is time for a full and independent impact assessment. Why
would the Commission reject this request? Perhaps this is the one time that
the phrase "if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear" actually
makes sense.
If all of this is done, we will find ourselves in about two years in the
position we should be in already - with a legal proposal, backed up with an
impact assessment that can be discussed on its merits.
Sakharov Prize winners: Online Freedoms threatened by another step towards
treaty's adoption (15.12.2011)
EDPS: Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement: EDPS warns about its potential
incompatibility with EU data protection regime (22.02.2010)
OSCE media representative urges European Parliament to reassess ACTA to
safeguard freedom of expression (14.02.2012)
UN Special Rapporteur - Report of the Special Rapporteur on the promotion
and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, Frank La
Rue (16.05.2011)
Academics' Opinion on ACTA (11.02.2011)
Economic and Social Committee on IPR Strategy (12.01.2012)
IPR Enforcement Directive
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
3. European Commission "Roadmap" for review of the IPR Enforcement Directive
The European Commission recently published a "roadmap" to the review of the
Directive on Intellectual Property Enforcement (2004/48/EC). As it is
becoming traditional, the Commission neatly mixes up all kinds of
infringements, from dangerous fake medicines to illegal downloads and seeks
a "one size fits all" solution. In addition, the previously published
implementation report graphically describes the breakdown in the credibility
and perceived legitimacy of copyright in the digital environment (referring,
for example, to "ubiquitous" infringements).
Faced with the unquestionable failure (hence the calls for a review) of the
existing "one size fits" all legal framework and the seemingly obvious need
to reform the legal framework for copyright, the approach is to plough
forward with increased enforcement, as well as increased involvement of the
private sector in practical law enforcement. A non-committal statement that
"measures aimed at promoting the legal offer" is made but not expanded upon.
Interestingly, the "road map" explains that the current Directive's
definition of "commercial scale" needs to be clarified, in order to ensure
that individual consumers are not targeted. This is quite significant,
because the definition is significantly narrower than the one in the
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA). This raises a fundamental
question - how can the EU be so confident that ACTA's definition of
"commercial scale" will not lead to disproportionate criminalisation of
end-users, when it believes that a more precise definition risks leading to
disproportionate measures against citizens in civil law?
It is also somewhat surprising to note that no problem has been identified
regarding the provision of personal data by Internet intermediaries -
despite the widespread of abuse of both process and data, particularly in
the UK and Germany. The focus instead is on developing the tools for
obtaining "evidence" from intermediaries.
It must be pointed out, of course, that much of what is in the IPR
Enforcement Directive is proposed in ACTA. As a result, as long as the
European Commission harbours hopes of being able to ratify that agreement,
it will consider itself to be prevented from making or even considering any
significant changes or improvements to this Directive.
Roadmap on IPRED (01.2012)
IPR Enforcement Directive Implementation Report (22.12.2010)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
4. Hadopi takes the final steps towards cutting Internet access
French authority Hadopi announced on 13 February 2012 that its Commission
for the Protection of Rights had sent the first complaints to court against
Internet users for illegal downloading of files as the last stage in its
three-strike system.
Since November 2010, more than 800 000 French Internet users have received
e-mail alerts that they were suspected of illegal downloading of copyrighted
material. Out of these, about 45 000 considered recidivists received a
letter of warning and after six months around 165 seem to have been convened
by the Commission on the Protection of Rights to be sent to court for a
decision to have their Internet connection cut.
Although a precise number has not been revealed, a Hadopi spokesperson
stated the cases had been sent to the prosecutors all over France, according
to the residence places of the accused Internet users. The Prosecutor's
Office will process cases and decide whether to take them to court which may
apply a maximum fine of 1 500 euro and a 1 month suspension of the Internet
The offence that the Internet users are being accused is of not
implementing a system to "secure" their Internet connection or not
having made efforts to make such as system operates properly. Hadopi
produces as proof of the offence only the proceedings drafted by the
assigned agents on the basis of the findings provided by the company
hired by the rightsholders.
The law allows for a speedy simplified procedure for Hadopi where there is
no need to hear the defendant and through which the court may apply
sanctions if "it comes out from the judicial investigation that the facts
the user is accused of, are simple and proven."
The ministry of justice has even issued a letter asking the prosecutor
offices to avoid, except for particular cases, a more detailed investigation
because the proofs provided by Hadopi are enough to prove the offence.
"This is the myth of the pedagogical Hadopi that slumps. All those who
wanted to make you believe that Hadopi was a device meant only to sensitize
young Internet users on copyright, are now facing their own contradictions"
said Aurilie Filippetti, in charge of culture for the presidential candidate
Frangois Hollande's campaign.
Hadopi transmits its first cases to court! (only in French, 13.02.2012)
Internet users sent to court by Hadopi (only in French, 13.02.2012)
Hadopi: the first cases sent to court. But how many? (only in French,
EDRi-gram: French Internet users on the verge of being disconnected
5. Two Strikes in Germany?
On 3 February 2012, the German Ministry of Economics and Technology (BMWi)
published a comparative study on graduated response systems in Europe which
have been established to fight against copyright infringements on the
Internet. The study looked at the situation in France, UK and Ireland.
Regarding the Hadopi system in France, the study found that one of the main
results and successes is the drop by 31% of peer-to-peer between April 2010
and April 2011, thus completely ignoring the rising use of streaming and VPN
in France.
Even though the study admits that illegal filesharing has "not caused any
serious collapse in the turnover of the industry" (p. 61), the Ministry
recommends the introduction of a "two strikes" or "pre-litigation" model for
Germany. According to the study, this model should be based on a combination
of "educational notifications" and the disclosure of information to
rightsholders. The Secretary of State Hans-Joachim Otto considered the study
a valuable basis for the future discussions regarding online piracy.
However, cutting off users from the Internet has been ruled out.
As significant grounds for concern were already well known (it is widely
understood to have been mainly written by media lobbyists and
rightsholders), EDRi-member Digitale Gesellschaft published a shadow report.
It pointed out that existing models raise significant and fundamental data
protection problems. For instance, the Irish voluntary three-strikes system
is currently experiencing legal difficulties due to such concern and
numerous complaints to the data protection authority. In Ireland, hundreds
of notifications were received by innocent users.
The shadow report also highlighted the high costs for the French state
compared to the almost non-existing benefits for the economy. The shadow
report concluded that all efforts and means should be focused on the
creation of attractive offers instead of repressive measures and recommended
a general reform of outdated copyright laws.
Shadow report of the Digital Gesellschaft (only in German, 02.2012)
Long version of the BMWi study (only in German, 01.2012)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fielder - EDRi)
6. Software-hardware bundling not accepted in France
The giant Lenovo computer hardware manufacturer that sold computers with
Windows OS included suffered a defeat in a French court of Aix-en-Provence
in a case introduced by a French customer. This is another case in a long
line of defeats in France for companies that sell computers who include
mandatory unwanted software licences in their products' sales.
The case was brought to court in 2007 by Mr. Pitrus who decided to buy a
Lenovo laptop. As the laptop was not offered for sale without a Windows
Vista license and as he was using GNU-Linux, Mr. Pitrus rejected the Windows
Vista End User License Agreement (EULA) and contacted Lenovo to obtain a
refund. His request being denied, he brought the case to court. After a
first negative ruling in the court of Tarascon, the French Court of
Cassation reversed the judgment in a decisive ruling in November 2010 and
sent back the case to a court in Aix-en-Provence. The final judgement
obliged Lenovo to pay the plaintiff 120 euro as a refund for the software,
but also 800 euro for personal damages and 1000 euro for legal expenses.
The judge insisted on the distinction between hardware and software and
rejected Lenovo's argument that the sale in question was that of "complex
products made of an assembly of indispensable components for the definition
of a product as desired by the manufacturer". The company even compared the
sale of the computer which cannot operate without the software to that of a
car which cannot run without wheels.
The judge explained that the hardware is the object of a sale contract
giving the owner full right over it after having paid for it. On the other
hand, the supply of software is the provision of a service which gives only
the right to usage of the software (fact which is actually stipulated in the
licence of the software).  Moreover, joking over the comparison made by
Lenovo with the car and wheels, he considered that a better comparison would
be that of selling a car with a driver included.
This is a real victory and this significant decision is a positive precedent
as the legal ground of the ruling was European directive 2005/29/CE on
unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices in the internal market,
which could be used again as legal argument in similar cases in all EU
Hardware-software bundling crumbles in France (6.02.2012)
Condemnation of Lenovo, symbol of computer and software bundled sale (only
in French, 6.02.2012)
Court's Decision (only in French, 9.01.2012)
Pitrus vs. Lenovo: the supply of unsolicited software is a unfair commercial
practice (only in French, 6.02.2012)
List of similar French cases (only in French)
7. UK: 3 million checks on criminal records in 2011
UK Privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch has recently revealed that
almost 3 million Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) checks were carried out in
England and Wales in 2011 by almost 4000 registered bodies.
The figures basically say that 1 in 17 Britons was checked and that a large
number of organizations had access to the individuals' private data without
the knowledge of the individuals in question.
Big Brother Watch said the figures were "a sad indictment of a country that
has lost all sight of proportion and has substituted common sense for a
piece of paper".
CRB checks were meant to protect children from coming into contact with
dangerous adults but the reality is that any person with or without a
conviction or a simple caution which has nothing to do with children, based
on a CRB check, may be considered as a dangerous criminal.
And an even more worrying aspect is that the system has proven wrong
time and again leading to perfectly innocent people being considered sex
offenders and losing their jobs.
In 2010, Big Brother Watch already revealed the inaccuracies and
inefficiencies of the CRB system (which should be entirely reliable) which
have been adding up to an average of 7 errors a day since 2004.
On 9 February 2012,  High Court judge Kenneth Parker suggested that the CRB
system was disproportionate and not compatible with the right to private
life stipulated by the European Convention on Human Rights and that the
issue fully deserved to be considered by the Court of Appeal.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg stated the system would be scaled back and
the Protection of Freedoms Bill included plans to ease Criminal Records
Bureau checks.
Regarding the respective changes, Home Office minister Lord Henley stated:
"What we are trying to do is create a system that will provide the necessary
safeguards but does not make parents feel that their children are
automatically safe - parents must still have the duty of looking after their
children by warning them of potential dangers," adding at the same time that
schools and other organisations would be allowed to insist on CRB checks.
3 Million Background Checks in 2011 (10.02.2012)
The Grim Consequences of CRB Mistakes (22.04.2010)
CRB checks 'near 3m' says Big Brother Watch (10.02.2012)
Student in legal challenge to criminal record of GMP warning for stealing
bikes when he was aged 11 (9.02.2012)
8. RFID - a dangerous fashion trend highlighted on German streets by FoeBuD
On 11 January 2012, EDRi member FoeBuD staged an event on a shopping
street in Bielefeld, Germany, to raise awareness about RFID tags ("spy
chips") in clothing.
FoeBuD played an important role in putting this issue on the political
agenda in 2003, when major German retailer Metro AG conducted RFID
field trials in a model supermarket, dubbed "Future Store". While RFID
roll-outs in supermarkets have not occurred as quickly as expected at that
time (probably due in part to the concerns raised by privacy advocates),
recently the fashion industry seems to have taken a lead in introducing RFID
in goods sold to and carried by consumers.
RFID ("Radio Frequency Identification") tags are tiny chips with an
antenna, whish respond to a radio signal by transmitting back some
previously stored data including their unique serial number. Because
every single chip can be recognised by this ID, an RFID tag is not just
a contactless product bar code - it allows every individual item to be
identified. This makes RFID a very interesting technology for retail
logistics. But an RFID tag on a highly personal item (such as a piece of
clothing) could identify its owner if the owner's personal data somehow
becomes available - if the owner makes a payment with a card, for
example. The owner's data does not need to be stored on the chip itself,
it could be related to the chip's ID via an external database. Personal
tracking becomes a distinct possibility, indeed a patent for this has
been granted in the US.
RFID data transmissions cannot be seen or heard, so FoeBuD looked for a
way to visualise the threat to any passer-by on a regular shopping
street. An RFID reader was connected to a portable computer and
projector, which beamed any RFID data that was read onto a "speech
bubble"-shaped banner. Suddenly it was there for anyone to see that
RFID-tagged clothes are effectively announcing an identity to every
"interested" party reading  the device at a distance of up to 10 metres
(approximately, and depending on the type of RFID chip and reader).
At this event, FoeBuD targeted local fashion company Gerry Weber and
Italian fashion brand Peuterey (which had received a German Big Brother
Award from FoeBuD in 2011 for introducing RFID in a particularly
secretive way). Gerry Weber had actually been in contact with FoeBuD
about their RFID roll-out, but had ultimately chosen not to implement a
fundamental requirement: that the RFID tags be detached from every item
at the point of sale, without the customer having to ask for this. The
FoeBuD activists had alerted Gerry Weber about their action and were met by
the company's CIO and RFID project leader, and later by the company's
owner Gerhard Weber himself, who regrettably did not show a lot of
understanding towards the activists' concerns. But at least it is
possible to tear off Gerry Weber's RFID tags. In contrast, Peuterey does
not give any in-store information to its customers, and their RFID tags
are sown in beneath a label imprinted "do not remove this label".
FoeBuD's event and their demand that all RFID tags be removed or
permanently disabled at the point of sale were covered by the regional TV
and by newspapers across Germany. The group hopes to keep the momentum
FoeBuD's coverage about their action, with pictures (only in German,
Coverage by regional public TV station WDR (only in German, 16.01.2012)
Privacy advocates discover RFID chips in clothing (only in German,
Why RFID tags are a danger to consumers (only in German, 18.01.2012)
BigBrotherAward 2011 to Peuterey (English summary, full speech in German)
BigBrotherAward 2003 to Metro (available in English and German)
Report on Metro's "Future Store" and 2003/04 RFID scandal:
US patent 7,076,441 on "Identification and tracking of persons using
RFID-tagged items in store environments"
(Contribution by Sebastian Lisken, EDRi member FoeBuD - Germany)
9. Irish ISP puts its customers' personal data at risk
Personal data of more than 6 800 current and former customers of Eircom's
(biggest Irish ISP) mobile divisions may be at risk after three unencrypted
laptops have been stolen, two from the company offices in Parkwest Dublin
during 28 December 2011 - 2 January 2012 and one from an employee's home on
19 December 2011.
Eircom stated that most of the data involved were personal data including
name, address and telephone numbers, but in some cases passport, driving
licence numbers or utility bills and for about 550 customers the data on one
of the laptops included financial information such as bank accounts, debit
and credit card information.
Data Protection Commissioner Billy Hawkes considers the breach as one of the
most serious ones and said that Eircom had put its customers at risk of
identity theft. He also criticised the company for the delay in announcing
people of the thefts that would have given them the opportunity to protect
"Our normal delay in getting reports in is 24 to 48 hours which is our
guideline for reports of such incidents. So I find it very surprising to
hear that reason being given by Eircom," said Hawkes as a reaction to
Eircom's statement that the delay in reporting came from the fact that the
company had tried to find out what data had been breached.
Furthermore, as Hawkes said, Eircom as a telecom company was supposed to
have higher protection standards and therefore it was "very surprising that
in two separate incidents Eircom laptops were not encrypted."
His conclusion is that "telecommunications companies have a huge amount of
data on all of us and should be subject to more stringent requirements."
Eircom stated the incidents had been immediately reported to the police, two
separate investigations were ongoing and that there was no evidence that the
lost data has been used by a third party. "Eircom treats privacy and
protection of all data extremely seriously and we have taken the following
pro-active measures to address the situation. As a precautionary step, we
have contacted the Irish Banking Federation, who has notified their members
of the potential risk to data for affected eMobile and Meteor customers."
The company also stated it would contact by telephone those customers whose
financial data was potentially at risk, and would send letters to all
affected customers to notify them of the breach.
The fact that the laptops in question were unencrypted was considered as
inexcusable and according to data protection consultant Daragh O'Brien the
delay in alerting the commissioner's office suggested faulty prevention and
detection policies in Eircom. Information security consultant Brian Honan
also said that companies were obliged, under various laws, to ensure the
proper security of information such as card payment information.
According to Eircom, a review of the group's encryption policy is in
progress "to ensure all computers and laptops are compliant with the group's
encryption policy."
Eircom customer data breached (10.02.2012)
Press Release - eircom Group Statement on Laptop Theft
Eircom slammed for laptop and data loss (13.02.2012)
10. ENDitorial: EU DP Regulation Proposal: The French CNIL defends its turf
The French CNIL was one of the first national Data Protection Authority
(DPA) to react to the publication, by the European Commission, of its Data
Protection Framework Proposal on 25 January 2012. In a very negative press
release published the day after, while quickly welcoming "substantial
improvements that were expected and necessary", the CNIL develops surprising
arguments to justify its particular concern, namely that "the defence of
data protection" would be "driven apart from citizens". CNIL's anger is
directed at Article 51 provision, defining the competent DPA. This article
provides that the competent supervisory authority shall be the one "of main
establishment of the data controller or processor".
When examining CNIL's arguments, one might wonder whether it has carefully
and entirely read the proposed Regulation before showing such a reaction.
This impression is even strengthened when learning about CNIL's intense
lobbying towards the French Parliament and Government, which need to provide
their opinion during the EC proposal discussion process. Actually, the
European Affairs Commission of the French National Assembly has already
adopted a resolution in line with the CNIL's opinion, and the Constitutional
Laws Commission of the French Senate is currently conducting hearings
(inviting inter alia French EDRi- ember IRIS to provide its views on 14
January), before adopting its own resolution on the proposed EC Data
Protection Framework (this French Parliament quick process is determined by
next Presidential elections, meaning that the Parliament will have to stop
its work early March 2012).
Arguments put forward by the CNIL could easily be refuted, especially since
some of them are based on a wrong or partial interpretation of the proposed
The CNIL claims that the provision "will reduce the national DPAs role to
that of a mailbox"; "will deprive widely the citizens of the protection
offered by their national authority"; "will constitute a real regression of
citizens' rights", which "would finally be less protected than consumer
rights" given that consumer laws allows for the competence of the consumer's
jurisdiction. Interestingly enough, the CNIL gives as example "a web user
having a problem with a social network which main establishment is in
another member state". Furthermore, the CNIL fears that the provision will
lead to "forum shopping" practices by companies when they decide on their
country of main establishment, a situation that would end not only in
"dumbing down" of citizens' data protection, but also in putting at risk the
French economy! Finally, the CNIL "considers that the proposed scheme leads
to a centralization of the regulation of privacy in the hands of a limited
number of authorities", and that "the European Commission will also benefit
from an important normative power".
It is true that the EC will play an important role, that could be balanced
through improving the powers, independence and processing of the European
Data Protection Board (Chapter VII of the Regulation) and the national
Supervisory Authorities (Chapter VI) as well as, of course, the substantive
provisions of the data protection principles themselves, as EDRI pointed out
in its initial comments and will detail further in the process.
However, the CNIL seems to ignore the difference between a Regulation and a
Directive! The very reason for the EC choice for the former is indeed the
fact that a Regulation goes far beyond simply harmonizing the national laws,
to rather impose the same law to all Member States, requiring in addition
that same independence and powers be allowed to all national DPAs. Given
this new situation, why a French citizen would be less protected by, say,
the German DPA than by the CNIL? Especially since, even currently, French
citizens and privacy defenders would have appreciated to see the CNIL taking
the position of other Member States DPAs on some particular issues.
Moreover, through the European Data Protection Board proceedings, European
citizens could only benefit from the emulation among DPAs: they will have to
be accountable to and controlled by each other. The national DPA would
certainly not be "reduced to a mailbox" in this game, since its role will be
essential here, and is guaranteed by provisions of Articles 55-56 and 66.
Moreover, Article 73-75 provides for better democratic control and recourses
not only by citizens, but also by non profit associations such as privacy
watchdogs or human rights organizations acting in their names.
The example provided by CNIL of a social network as the data controller and
processor is particularly misleading and perverse: as a matter of fact,
while Article 51 provision only concerns companies established in the EU,
many French Members of Parliaments already interpreted this example as the
future impossibility for the CNIL to impose penalty on major US companies,
such as Facebook (or Google which it already sanctioned).
Furthermore, the "forum shopping" risk is ridiculous: who on earth could
reasonably think that a company will choose its country of main
establishment according to data protection law (which, again, will in
addition be the same in all EU countries), rather than on the basis of
taxation and labour laws and practices?! Who on earth could reasonably think
that French economy would be put at risk by the CNIL's "superpowers"?!
Many other counter-arguments can be found in the text of the proposed
Regulation itself (such as the provided exceptions in Articles 80-83 and
other provisions as well). The fact is that, rather than raising sound
arguments towards improving the current proposal (and this is indeed much
needed), the CNIL currently seems to only be busy defending its turf.
CNIL - Draft EU Regulation on data protection: the defense of data
protection driven apart from citizens  (31.01.2012 original in French on
CNIL - Draft EU regulation: the CNIL welcomes the French Parliament
commitment (only in French, 08.02.2012)
French National Assembly - EU Affairs Commission Resolution on Draft EU DP
Framework (only in French, 07.02.2012)
French Senate - Oral Question and public discussion on privacy and data
protection (only in French, 08.02.2012)
EDRi - Initial Comments On The Proposal For A Data Protection Regulation
(Contribution by Meryem Marzouki, EDRI-member IRIS - France)
11. Recommended Action
Petition: Support the establishment of a common European OpenData license
within the review of the Public Sector Information re-use Directive
Deadline: 1 March 2012
Available in Spanish and English
12. Recommended Reading
EDRi papers: DRM -  The strange, broken world of the digital rights
ACTA Survival Guide For Website Owners (7.02.2012)
10 European Commission Myths About ACTA (8.02.2012)
Sharing: Culture and the Economy in the Internet Age - By Philippe
Aigrain (3.02.2012)
13. Agenda
25 February 2012, Szeged, Hungary
Copyright and Human Rights in the Information Age: Conflict or Harmonious
7 March 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Big Brother Awards Netherlands 2012
16 March 2012, Rotterdam, Netherlands
EPSIplatform Conference: Taking government data re-use to the next level!
30 March - 1 April 2012, Berlin, Germany
Wikimedia Chapters Meeting 2012
13 April 2012, Biefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
16-18 April 2012, Cambridge, UK
Cambridge 2012: Innovation and Impact - Openly Collaborating to Enhance
OER12 and the OCW Consortium's Global Conference
2-4 May 2012, Berlin, Germany
Re:Publica 2012: ACTION!
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
20-22 June 2012, Paris, France
2012 World Open Educational Resources Congress
2-6 July 2012, Budapest, Hungary
Policies and Practices in Access to Digital Archives: Towards a New
Research and Policy Agenda
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
11-13 July 2012, Vigo, Spain
The 12th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium
(PETS 2012)
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and genetic
Resources Commons.
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Confernece
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2012-01-18 20:57:05
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.1, 18 January 2012 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.1, 18 January 2012
EDRi supports protests against US blacklist legislation
1. What's Wrong with ACTA Week
2. The US pressure on Spain to censor the Internet has paid off
3. Belarus strongly censors the Internet
4. Commission confirms illegality of Data Retention Directive
5. Romanian Senate rejects the new data retention law
6. Finnish ISP started blocking The Pirate Bay
7. Dutch Internet providers forced to block The Pirate Bay
8. US continue pushing on EU Commission against Data Protection proposals
9. Researchers say smart meter technology is privacy intrusive
10.ENDitorial: Copyright vs Public Domain-copyright as a barrier to culture?
11. Recommended Action
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
EDRi supports protests against US blacklist legislation
EDRi supports today's black-out campaign against SOPA and PIPA and endorses
the positions of the human rights international community in criticizing the
two draft normative acts from US.
Human rights community speaks out on PROTECT IP Act (16.01.2012)
Human rights community against SOPA (15.11.2011)
More details on the blackout campaign
1. What's Wrong with ACTA Week
Since many politicians and citizens are not yet aware of ACTA's serious
implications, EDRi has launched a "What's Wrong with ACTA Week". We have put
together five one-page briefing documents which briefly summarise the most
important issues:
ACTA and its Impact on Fundamental Rights (16.01.2012)
ACTA - Criminal Sanctions (17.01.2012)
ACTA - Innovation and Competition (18.01.2012)
ACTA and its Impact on the EU's International Relations (will be released on
ACTA and its Safeguards (will be released on 20.01.2012)
2. The US pressure on Spain to censor the Internet has paid off
The US has continued to pressure Spain since 2008 to adopt measures against
users allegedly illegally downloading copyrighted music and movies from
file-sharing networks. And now this pressure has paid off; the Spanish
Congress approved at the end of 2011 the so-called Sinde law (Ley Sinde)
which allows the closing down of websites deemed to illegally download
copyrighted material.
Wikileaks cables revealed in 2010 that the US pressured Spain to pass
stronger copyright enforcement laws threatening to put Spain on their
Special 301 Report (a watch list of countries with "bad" intellectual
property policies), threat which they actually delivered.
"We propose to tell the new government that Spain will appear on the Watch
List if it does not do three things by October 2008. First, issue a
(Government of Spain) announcement stating that Internet piracy is illegal,
and that the copyright levy system does not compensate creators for
copyrighted material acquired through peer-to-peer file sharing. Second,
amend the 2006 "circular" that is widely interpreted in Spain as saying that
peer-to-peer file sharing is legal. Third, announce that the GoS (Government
of Spain) will adopt measures along the lines of the French and/or UK
proposals aimed at curbing Internet piracy by the summer of 2009," says the
text of the diplomatic cable announcing the pressure tactics revealed by
The Sinde Law was promoted by Angeles Gonzalez-Sinde Reig, former head of
the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts & Sciences, when becoming
Minister of Culture in 2009. Sinde Law was giving a government committee the
power to blacklist Internet sites allegedly trafficking copyrighted files.
The new legislation creates a government body, the Commission of the
Intellectual Property which will have the power to evaluate sites and force
Internet service providers to block, within ten days, the sites deemed to be
trading in pirated material.
The owners of the websites have three days to present arguments before the
commission to justify their activities and after the commission has decided
the removal of certain content, the ISPs have 24 hours to block the service
or to remove the content, and the website owners have no access to appeal.
If website owners don4t comply voluntarily, a court will intervene to close
down the website or to block the service, requiring to the ISPs to reveal
the identity of the website owners.
The US supported Sinde law, lobbying hard for her measure, even asking
support from Spanish opposition parties, with the purpose to have Spain's
position influence later on the European Union during Spain's EU presidency,
as appeared in Wikileaks revealed cables.
But, despite the government's expectations, the opposition to Sinde law was
fierce, being strongly criticized by Internet groups and lawyers, which has
led to the bill being stopped in the Parliament at the end of 2010.
The government left the law for the incoming administration to handle after
November 2011 and the new government approved very rapidly a modified
version of the law where, for instance, judges will have to issue the actual
blacklist order. It appears that this sudden decision was also pressured by
the US.
El Pais revealed on 12 December 2011 a letter of the US ambassador
addressed to the Spanish officials complaining the law had not yet entered
into force.
"The government has unfortunately failed to finish the job for political
reasons, to the detriment of the reputation and economy of Spain. I
encourage the Government of Spain to implement the Sinde Law immediately to
safeguard the reputation of Spain as an innovative country that does what it
says it will, and as a country that breeds confidence," said the letter. The
ambassador also reminded Spain of having already been once on the special
301 Report and warned of the risk of the country being further downgraded
and returned to the "Priority Watch List" of "the worst global violators of
intellectual property rights", which can lead to serious commercial
Spanish Internet users are already organizing a boycott, calling Internet
users not to purchase or consume any artistic or intellectual works of
authors, producers, agents, or managers who have explicitly expressed or
participated lobbying for Sinde law. Victor Domingo Prieto, President of La
Asociacisn de Internautas has stated that "when the Intellectual Property
Commission take its first steps (of blocking sites), reports of the
unconstitutionality of their decisions will occur immediately."
How the US pressured Spain to adopt unpopular Web blocking law (5.01.2012)
US slammed Zapatero for not passing "Sinde" anti-piracy law (4.01.2012)
Spain's SOPA Law: How It Works And Why It Won't (9.01.2012)
Anti-internet piracy law adopted by Spanish government (3.01.2012)
The Government of PP approves the regulation of Sinde Law and eliminates the
licence (only in Spanish, 30.12.2011)
Spain's Ley Sinde: New Revelations of U.S. Coercion (9.01.2012)
EDRi-gram: Spanish anti-piracy law approved by the Government (24.03.2011)
3. Belarus strongly censors the Internet
6 January 2012 saw the coming into force of the Belarusian law imposing even
more restrictions on online free expression in a country that is already
viewed as a dictatorship.
Belarus is already listed as a country "under surveillance" in the Reporters
Without Borders annual report on "Enemies of the Internet" and is ranked
154th out of 178 countries in the 2010 press freedom index.
The law recently entered into force turns browsing foreign websites into an
offence to be punished by fines up to about 100 Euro and makes ISPs liable
for the actions of their users. Which means that, in carrying out its online
activities, any business in the country will be able to use only the fully
local Internet domains, excluding such sites, search engines or social
networks as Wikipedia, Facebook, Twitter. Even Google may be in the same
position as it hosts its website Google.by in US.
The initial decree, issued in February 2010 by President Alyaksandr
Lukashenko, already requires the compulsory registration of all Belarusian
websites that must then be hosted in the country. Also, anyone going online
in an Internet cafi or using a shared connection will have to identify
themselves, and a record will be kept of everyone's surfing history for a
Not only ISPs are liable for their users' activities online but home
Internet subscribers are also considered liable for others who might share
their connections with them.
ISPs are expected to monitor foreign website use and report the findings to
authorities just as the simple citizens sharing an Internet connection with
others are expected to report any law infringement.
A list of banned sites is issued by the State Inspection on Electronic
Communications on the basis of decisions by several institutions such as the
Operational and Analytical Centre and the criteria for the inclusion of
sites on the list include content that is pornographic or advocates violence
or "extremism", which, as proven several times, is vague enough to lead to
abuse and overblocking.
Thus, the authorities may draw up a list of banned sites the access to which
must be blocked by ISPs at 24 hours' notice in official institutions and
cultural and educational institutions. Websites such as news Charter97,
Belaruspartisan, and the blog of the humorist Yauhen Lipkovich, which are
critical to the government or the President, are already on the blacklist.
After Lukashenko has taken all the measures to eliminate any opposition, the
Internet has practically remained the only environment to apply pressure on
the regime. A Facebook group "Wanted criminals in civilian clothes", blogs
and Posobniki.com all helped in exposing the regime's crimes and abuses.
This made the Internet a target for the government, hence the present
restrictive legislation.
Belarus Bans Browsing of All Foreign Websites (3.01.2012)
Belarus authorities turn up the heat on the Internet (6.01.2012)
Internet in Belarus, November 2011 (4.01.2012)
In Belarus, the freedom of the internet is at stake (6.01.2012)
4. Commission confirms illegality of Data Retention Directive
The EDRi-member Quintessenz - Austria has published a leak of an
internal paper from the Commission intended to inform DAPIX, the
Council's working party on information exchange and data protection, of
the results of the Commission's consultation in April 2011 on the reform
of the Data Retention Directive (DRD). It raises a number of issues with
the Directive that the Commission wishes to tackle in order to cast it
in a better light. The Commission admits that "there is a continued
perception that there is little evidence at an EU and national level on
the value of data retention in terms of public security and criminal
justice, nor of what alternatives have been considered".  It then asks
at the end of the document: "What are the most effective ways of
demonstrating value of data retention in general and of the DRD itself?"
The origin of the "perception" that there is little evidence existing as
to the value of the Directive is shown by the Commission's statement
that only 11 of 27 Member States have provided data that could be used
in order to highlight the added value of the Directive. Legal
uncertainties that have been overlooked during the drafting process of
the Directive are now posing a certain number of problems for the
In the document, the Commission acknowledges for example the lack of a
"logical separation between data stored and then accessed for a)
business purposes, b) for purposes of combating 'serious crime' and c)
for purposes other than combating serious crime" and the lack of a
monitoring system showing "data (that) would not have been available to
law enforcement without mandatory retention". The question of
distinguishing between data retained for business purposes from data
retained under the Directive is asked but left unanswered.
The Commission also states that unclear definitions in the DRD have led
to service providers storing instant messaging, chats and filesharing
details even though these types of data are outside the scope of the
Directive. It is often unclear to businesses in the telecommunications
sector which data should be stored. Law enforcement agencies have
apparently lobbied the Commission for a "technological neutrality" of
the Directive to ensure a broad "ability to know who communicated with
whom, when, where and how" - despite, it appears, being able to justify
the retention of the data already being stored.
Moreover, the paper repeats EDRi's concern regarding the "serious crime"
limitation, which is not defined at EU level or in many Member States,
and regarding the lack of a clear limitation of the purposes for which
data is being retained. It states that there have been many demands for
the extension of the use of data to copyright infringements or for such
vaguely defined offenses as "hacking" and "urgent cases". According to
the document, the Directive has also led to an unclear situation for
citizens due the absence of a procedure for reporting and redressing
data breaches and the absence of a monitoring system to know who
actually accessed the data.
Furthermore, the Commission states that, depending on the country, there
is no or only a very low reimbursement of storage costs, which leads to
a distortion of the free market. Especially the costs for small
businesses are being rated as "disproportionately high". This also means
that countries having implemented the Directive will have an economic
interest and will pressure other countries into implementing data retention.
In order to justify limitations of fundamental rights, such as the right
to privacy and to data protection, measures must be necessary and
proportionate. The leaked document however shows that the Commission
can neither prove necessity nor proportionality of the Data
Retention Directive - but still wants to keep the Directive. Despite
unending implementation problems and proven failure of the current
Directive, the Commission is maintaining its pressure on Member States
that have not already implemented the Directive, to do so.
The Commission is currently examining the possibility amending the
Directive and is conducting a study on data preservation ("quick
freeze") which is due for May 2012.
Leaked Commission document (15.12.2011)
Commission's DRD implementation report (18.04.2011)
EDRi's Shadow implementation report (17.04.2011)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
5. Romanian Senate rejects the new data retention law
Following the pressure of the European Commission to the Romanian
authorities to implement the data retention directive and despite the
decision of the Constitutional Court from 2009 against the data retention
law, a new draft law has emerged, but it was rejected by the Senate at the
end of 2011.
The Romanian Ministry of Communications and Information Society (MCSI) has
tried to have the new draft promoted as a Government proposal, but has
failed to do so for unclear reasons. The Romanian Data Protection Authority
has decided not to endorse the new draft law, as the article related to the
security institutions to the retain data is still vague.
The text is in fact similar to the old law that was declared
unconstitutional and even worse in some specific cases, such as for example
the judicial approval to have access to the retained data that is unclear in
the new proposal. However, the MCSI rejected claims of the civil society
that the new law was still unconstitutional and decided to go further with
the same draft.
In the end, the Minister promoted the law as his own initiative in the
Chamber of Deputies (because he is also a deputy) together with a Party
colleague. The law was sent for debates to the Senate, where it received a
unusual point of view from the Government that refused to endorse the law
and said that the Parliament should decide its fate, because of the conflict
between the Constitutional Court decision and the EU data retention
The law was quickly debated by the Senate, after the Legal and Human Rights
Committees decided to suggest the rejection the law, as the content is
similar to the one already declared unconstitutional. On 21 December 2011,
the Senate decided unanimously that the law should be rejected.
However, the vote in the Senate is only consultative for this law and the
decisive vote will be taken by the Chamber of Deputies, that will start
discussing the law in its Commissions starting with February 2012.
Data retention: Commission requests Germany and Romania fully transpose EU
rules (27.10.2011)
Romanian DPA does not endorse the data retention law (only in Romanian,
The Romanian Government refuses to adopt a point of view on data retention
law (only in Romanian, 19.12.2011)
Report of the Senate Legal Committee to reject the data retention law (only
in Romanian, 20.12.2011)
The Senate rejects the data retention law (only in Romanian, 22.12.2011)
EDRi-gram: New draft law for data retention in Romania (29.06.2011)
6. Finnish ISP started blocking The Pirate Bay
On 9 January 2012, the Helsinki Enforcement authority obligated Finnish ISP
Elisa to execute the court ruling that it had to block access to The Pirate
Bay from its network.
This is the latest phase in an ongoing legal fight between the Copyright
Information and Anti-Piracy Centre (CIAPC) and Elisa. Acting on behalf of
IFPI Finland, CIAPC brought the case to court in May 2011, and in October
the court ruled that Elisa must block access to The Pirate Bay. Elisa has
appealed the ruling to a higher court.
The court ruling from October did not specify the domain names and IP
addresses that Elisa should block. The Enforcement authority gave Elisa a
list of domain names compiled by the CIAPC, including not only domains of
The Pirate Bay itself but various translations of the name such as
One of the listed domain names was piraattilahti.fi ("pirate bay" in
Finnish), a website owned by a private Finnish person. The site did not
contain any links to or material from The Pirate Bay, but instead hosted a
campaign page against SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act), the controversial US
draft bill. The owner of the site changed piraattilahti.fi to point to
Effi's web server, with the result that people outside Elisa's network saw
Effi's web pages and those inside Elisa got nothing when they entered
piraattilahti.fi in their browser. The site was later removed from the
blocking list.
Another initially blocked site was piraatti.fi, which is in fact an
anti-piracy propaganda site. It was unblocked a few days later.
After the enforcement of the block, the website of CIAPC was flooded offline
and CIAPC claimed to have received a bomb threat.
The enforcement raises some questions. First of all, how can a private
organisation be empowered to manage a list of websites that people should
not be allowed to access - apparently without checking at all what the site
actually contains. Furthermore, why such a hurry to enforce a court decision
that has been appealed, especially as there is a fresh precedent from the
European Court of Justice that basically disallows the Finnish lower court
Elisa's press release (9.01.2012, updated 11.01.2012)
EDRi-gram 9.21: Finnish ISP ordered to block The Pirate Bay (2.11.2011)
European Court of Justice press release (24.10.2011)
(Contribution by Timo Karjalainen, EDRi member Electronic Frontier
Finland - Effi)
7. Dutch Internet providers forced to block The Pirate Bay
In its judgement of 11 January 2012, the Court of The Hague granted
Dutch copyright enforcement organisation Brein's request to order Dutch
internet providers Ziggo and XS4ALL to block access to The Pirate Bay.
This is the opposite of an earlier ruling given in summary proceedings
where no such order was given. Ziggo and XS4all will appeal the ruling.
The Court of The Hague held that Ziggo and XS4ALL have to block access
to the domain names and IP-addresses of The Pirate Bay. In the future,
Brein may also give the providers additional lists to block. The
Court came to this conclusion based on additional evidence provided by
Brein that a large number of Ziggo and XS4ALL subscribers used The
Pirate Bay to download content without authorisation.
The Court based its order on article 26d of the Dutch Copyright Act and
article 15e of the Dutch Neighbouring Rights Act. These articles, which are
based on Directive 2001/29/EC on the harmonisation of certain aspects of
copyright and related rights in the information society, give the judiciary
the right to order intermediaries whose services are used by third parties
to infringe copyrights, to discontinue the services that are used for these
infringing activities.
The Court reasons that, based on the ECJ's explanation of Article 11 of the
IP Enforcement Directive 2004/48/EC in the L'Oreal/Ebay case, this order can
also be extended to prevent future infringements. Therefore, the order does
not have to be focussed on a specific infringement, but its scope can be
broader, according to the Court. Referring to the judgement of the European
Court of Justice (ECJ) in Sabam/Scarlet case, the Court states that a right
balance has to be struck between fundamental rights and the protection of
intellectual property. This balance has to be determined by the principles
of subsidiarity and proportionality. According to the Court, blocking The
Pirate Bay adheres to these two principles for a number of reasons.
First, according to the Court, only a marginal amount of legal content can
be found on The Pirate Bay. The legal content that is provided can also be
retrieved with other means and therefore there is not a violation of article
10 ECHR. Second, the Court notes that direct proceedings against The Pirate
Bay and release groups have proven to be futile. Therefore it is appropriate
to address intermediaries. Third, blocking The Pirate Bay would essentially
substantiate an earlier order of the Court of Amsterdam that already ordered
the administrators of The Pirate Bay to disable their website, including
legal content. Fourth, the Court does not consider a DNS and IP blockade to
constitute active surveillance, as it is directed at one website. It does
not involve deep packet inspection to prevent any possible infringements
from happening and it is therefore not forbidden by article 15 sub 1 of the
E-Commerce Directive 2000/31/EC and the Sabam/Scarlet ruling of the ECJ.
As can be seen by the many contradicting rulings given by various Courts
in Europe, court cases regarding the blocking of websites do not always
lead to the same result. For example, on 9 January 2012, the local Court
of Helsinki in Finland ordered Elisa, one of the largest Internet
Providers in Finland, to block access to The Pirate Bay for its
customers. On the other hand, on the 31 August 2011, the Court of
Cologne held that Internet Provider HanseNet could not be ordered to
block access to a Russian website that facilitated copyright
Considering these completely different outcomes across the European
Union, it is remarkable that the Court of The Hague did not see reason
to ask preliminary questions to the ECJ.
Decision of the Court of The Hague  (only in Dutch, 11.01.2012)
Court of Cologne's decisions on Hansenet (only in German, 31.08.2011)
EDRi-gram: Dutch Internet Provider Not Obliged To Block The Pirate Bay
Blocking The Pirate Bay: will the Dutch court ruling hold in appeal?
(Contribution by Arjan de Jong - volunteer Bits of Freedom)
8. US continue pushing on EU Commission against Data Protection proposals
The US Department of Commerce has circulated a second informal note with
comments on the proposals for a data protection regulation and a directive
on data protection in the field of law enforcement. This time, its criticism
focuses on the following concerns: the regulation could hinder commercial
interoperability and be even counter-productive for consumer privacy
protection, it could have negative impact on the freedom of speech and other
human rights, on law enforcement cooperation, on cooperation between
regulatory authorities and on civil litigation.
The high-level interference with the internal processes of the European
Commission by the United States is quite extraordinary. Undoubtedly, a
degree of concern can legitimately be expressed as the final decisions are
being made on a piece of legislation which has international significance.
However, this amount of interference, before either the European Parliament
or Council (the Member States) have been able to have their say, implies a
significant level of disrespect for the institutions of the Union and their
ability to resolve any issues with what is, after all, the first draft in a
legislative process which will last two to three years.
According to the DoC's informal note, the Safe Harbor Agreement enabled
transfer of personal data and is a "vital component of transatlantic trade".
The DoC thereby completely ignores the findings of several external
evaluations on the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles which attacked the
agreement in terms of compliance and enforcement and is today widely
considered to be entirely without credibility.
The note praises Article 40 and its provisions regarding Binding Corporate
Rules (BCR) as a legal basis for transfers of personal data to third
countries but asks for more detail regarding the type of verification data
protection authorities will consider sufficient. The document also states
that codes of conduct (of the kind that have failed to develop in the
existing Directive, but are nonetheless envisaged in the USA) can lead to an
increase in interoperability and enhanced consumer protection and suggests
that the EU looks into mechanisms to convert codes of conduct into BCRs.
However, the provision for explicit consent with a single standard is
heavily criticized since, it is argued, if it is not simplified and
meaningful, it could easily overburden individuals. The DoC states that
asingle standard is ill-suited for institutions and types of commerce that
offer financial products and services.
The DoC then criticises the Regulation's specifications regarding "privacy
by design" and the broad authority given to the EU Commission to set out the
technical standards - without presenting any valid arguments against the
proposed principle of privacy by design itself.
The informal note also qualifies some provisions as being infeasible, since
they would impose burdens on businesses without enhancing consumer
protection, such as data breach notification and the right to be forgotten.
In contrast to its first note from December 2011 the DoC now admits that
the US itself has several federal laws regarding breach notification but
repeats its criticism of the first informal note regarding the obligation
to notify data subjects within 24 hours arguing that the period is "simply
too short", that it could lead to "massive fines" for companies and to
confusing "false alarms" for consumers.
The draft Regulation is also considered to be inconsistent with the global
nature of the Internet since it would assert jurisdiction over persons
operating websites without a legal nexus with Europe (i.e. exactly what the
US is proposing in its current draft proposals on intellectual property).
According to the DoC, the term "directed to" is neither sufficiently defined
in paragraph 15 nor does the limiting principle go far enough. Oddly enough,
the "directed to residents of the US" provision of the planned Protect IP
Act (PIPA) raises no similar concerns in the US.
As mention above, the note qualifies the "right to be forgotten" as
undermining freedom of expression, as technically impracticable and as
ignoring the open and decentralised nature of the Internet. The DoC
expresses concern that exceptions in article 80 are narrower than the
freedom of expression, that the "right" to be forgotten is not an
internationally recognised right and protected expression will be deleted.
However, the DoC seems to ignore that this article is based on an already
existing right as set out by the EU (1995/46/EC, article 12 b) and that
these concerns can easily be addressed by clarification of the wording of
the current draft of the Regulation.
Of course, the DoC is also very concerned about the draft Police and
Criminal Justice Data Protection Directive saying that it would limit
information and evidence sharing to "the minimum necessary" - which is a
useful, albeit unintentional, confirmation that the proposal is legal under
the Charter of Fundamental Rights. They are also unhappy about the fact that
other legal information-sharing instruments with EU Member States would
probably not suffice under the proposed Directive since existing instruments
must meet specific and "problematic" privacy protection requirements.
Moreover, the DoC fears that the "strong system of privacy protection"
existing in the United States (which, incidentally, does not cover EU
citizens) would disappear since it would be forced to adopt the European
style of data protection.
The DoC criticises the data transfer provisions of the draft Regulation
(art. 37-41) arguing that they would undermine cooperation and data sharing
processes among regulatory authorities in the US, the EU and the EU's Member
States based on cooperative arrangements.
The document then specifically targets article 42 stating that its
restrictions could block or delay access to information held by US firms and
have an impact on investigations of EU firms and citizens. Bizarrely, the US
DoC is worried about regulating a currently unregulated situation which
would permit data exchange in the absence of a legal framework and legal
safeguards. According to the note, article 42 might even affect the
US-registered companies located in the EU and their ability to conduct
business in the US. It is noteworthy that the US currently uses instruments
such as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to retrieve data on
foreign individuals' political activities, who may have no contact
whatsoever with the USA, via companies with US offices. This legal vacuum
would be addressed by article 42.
An unusually high number of Commission services issued negative internal
opinions to the draft legislation, thus delaying the inter-service process
(see 2 opinions below). This was partly as a result of this significant
lobbying campaign (including high-level phone calls to top level staff in
the European Commission) against the leaked draft proposal for a Regulation
by the United States Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade
Commission, the official draft proposal of which is now expected to be
published in February/March.
First informal note circulated by the US (21.12.2011)
Second informal note by the US (16.01.2012)
Opinion DG Trade (21.12.2011)
Opinion DG Infso (21.12.2011)
Chris Connolly (Galexia), US Safe Harbor - Fact or Fiction?, Privacy Laws
and Business International, issue 96, December 2008:
The implementation of Commission Decision 520/2000/EC on the adequate
protection of personal data provided by the Safe Harbour privacy Principles
and related Frequently Asked Questions issued by the US Department of
Commerce SEC(2004)1323
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
9. Researchers say smart meter technology is privacy intrusive
Two German researchers presented a talk entitled "Smart Hacking for Privacy"
at the 28th Chaos Computing Congress that took place between 27 and 30
December 2011, on the privacy implications of "smart" electricity meters.
These devices, installed in homes, collect information to determine the
power consumption. The researchers had signed up with Discovergy, one of the
independent companies providing such smart meters, to check out how secure
the devices were and what information could be obtained from the data
gathered by them.
According to Discovergy's website, the web interface accessing the
consumption data used HTTPS to protect the data and the data sent back to
Discovergy was encrypted and signed in order to prevent forged data. The
website also stated these facts had been confirmed by independent experts.
Following the presentation of the researchers on 30 December, these
statements disappeared from the company's website and as it came out, the
SSL certificate of the site was misconfigured and presented an invalid
certificate warning, then proceeded to redirect them to an HTTP URL where
the data and password were transmitted in clear text across the internet.
The researchers found out the traffic was not encrypted and signed and,
therefore, easy to intercept. Thus, they were able to demonstrate that data
from the entire life of the device was stored on Discovergy's servers.
One of the main concerns was that the smart meters were monitoring the power
usage in two-second intervals which implies the devices were able to discern
very fine modifications in power consumptions such as differences based on
the brightness levels displayed for different scenes in TV shows and movies.
The researchers believe that two seconds measurements are unnecessary for
the stated goals of the smart meter companies and too privacy intrusive as
the data obtained could be used to establish very fine details.
"Unfortunately, smart meters are able to become surveillance devices that
monitor the behaviour of the customers leading to unprecedented invasions of
consumer privacy. High-resolution energy consumption data is transmitted to
the utility company in principle allowing intrusive identification and
monitoring of equipment within consumers' homes (e.g., TV set, refrigerator,
toaster, and oven)", said the researchers in a statement prior to the
Nikolaus Starzacher, CEO of Discovergy, explained that one of the reasons
for using the two second polling interval was to provide services such as
notifying a customer that he forgot an iron or another house appliance on,
when leaving the house.
Also, the researchers claimed that they had been able to send false details
about their energy consumption back over the unencrypted Discovergy network
meaning that consumers might be able to "potentially fake the amount of
consumed power being billed".
In the opinion of Ross Anderson, professor in security engineering at the
University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory, EU and UK plans to install
smart meter are "set to become another public sector IT disaster".
In a joint paper with his fellow academic Shailendra Fuloria, Anderson
warned over the threat of the vulnerability of the smart meters which might
allow hackers to break into a "head-end" hub where smart metering data are
collated and thus be able to even cut the supply of energy across "tens
of millions of households".
"The introduction of hundreds of millions of these meters in North America
and Europe over the next ten years, each containing a remotely commanded off
switch, remote software upgrade and complex functionality, creates a
shocking vulnerability," Anderson said adding: "An attacker who takes
over the control facility or who takes over the meters directly could create
widespread blackouts; a software bug could do the same."
In his opinion, regulators have started to be aware of the issue and
possible solutions under discussion might be "shared control, as used in
nuclear command and control; backup keys as used in Microsoft Windows;
rate-limiting mechanisms to bound the scale of an attack; and local-override
features to mitigate its effects."
Smart meter hacking can disclose which TV shows and movies you watch
Smart Hacking for Privacy (16.01.2012)
Smart meter technology is privacy intrusive, researchers claim (11.01.2012)
10.ENDitorial: Copyright vs Public Domain-copyright as a barrier to culture?
"The book, as a book, belongs to the author, but as thought it belongs --
the word is not too big -- to the human species. Any intelligent being has a
right to it. If one of the two rights, that of the writer and that of the
human spirit, must be sacrificed, then certainly it should be the right of
the writer, as the public interest is our sole preoccupation, and everyone,
I declare, should come before us" - Victor Hugo, Opening speech of the
International Literature Congress of 1878
For many of us, New Year means good resolutions for some even new beginnings
but it also means new works of art in the public domain. This year - and
just to name a few - James Joyce, Maurice Leblanc, Virginia Woolf, Robert
Delaunay, Sherwood Anderson, Henri Bergson have entered the public
To be in the public domain: what does it concretely mean? Public domain
works are part of a citizens' cultural heritage, therefore their use is not
restricted - as they would be when they are protected by copyright.
Practically, it means that people can freely copy, translate, adapt or use
the works of the artists, writers or musicians.
Entering the public domain leads to a wider, access to cultural content.
The public domain promotes education and knowledge. It is a factor of new
and further creation, knowledge and innovation. Some of these elements are
of great importance and further enhance access to culture. Once a work has
entered the public domain, new editions and republications flourish,
giving the opportunity to a larger audience to access society's cultural
heritage. 2010 turned into a year of Freud. When Sigmund Freud's works
finally entered the public domain, publishers rushed to publish,
commissioned new translations and subsequently sold new versions of his
All in all, public domain enables a wider and higher circulation of
artistic, literary, dramatic, musical works, encouraging access for all. And
last but not least, public domain also has an economic value. Some
publishers indeed have specialised their business model on publishing works
for which copyright protection has expired. This is true not only for the
book publishers but also in the music industry.
A crucial question therefore arises: If public domain is so important and so
beneficial, why do we have to wait for so long after the artist's, painter's
or writer's death to have works of art finally in the public domain?
The original idea behind copyright monopolies was to favour creativity and
to enable artists, writers and authors to continue to create. This would be
a great and praiseworthy purpose if only it had not have been turned away
from its primary goals. Copyright is currently the rule and public domain is
the exception.
The content industry continually asks for, and receives ever-longer
copyright terms, and consequently the public domain continually
decreases. Just recently and after a strong lobby from the music industry,
the European Union decided to extend copyright for performers and producers
from 50 to 70 years. Turning back on Victor Hugo's idea of his work as a
shared good, some in the rightsholders lobby are pushing the limits of
protection, and moving cultural goods out of the reach of society. They
argue that it serves the economy, helps to keep jobs and improves the
investment in new talent. However what they miss here is that access to the
works of the artists they claim to represent is restricted to the public, to
other publishers or other record companies. In the end, this only serves the
majors and the most famous artists, who are least in need of this
"protection". Finally, while these dominant industries claim that term
extension is needed in order to invest in new talent, the policy of ever
longer copyright extension does not create any incentive to do so. In the
absence of such incentive, major record companies will continue to invest
only in performers that will bring in long-term of revenues, so alternative
and less popular musicians will be left out, undermining cultural diversity.
Nowadays, the protection of works subject to copyright is based not on their
date of publication but on the death of the authors, and the life expectancy
has improved, so the public domain is proportionally diminishing. If
copyright is to incentivise creation, what is the logic behind remunerating
artists for ever-longer periods after their deaths? The entire logic behind
the copyright protection has been subverted.
Cultural works are being locked away from the public and a greater barrier
is being built between the public and their culture. If copyright is meant
to defend culture and creation, it should not be used to create barriers
between citizens and their heritage.
Freud in the public domain (only in French, 27.01.2010)
EDRi-gram: New rules on term of protection of music recordings (21.09.2011)
The progressive weakening of the public domain (only in French, 2.01.2012)
Public domain calculator
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
11. Recommended Action
5th International Computers, Privacy & Data Protection Conference: "European
Data Protection: Coming of Age"
CPDP 2012 takes place during a significant stage of the revision of the EU
legal framework on data protection, thus several panels will focus on the
review and the latest legislative proposals. More than 20 panels will be
organized on key issues such as geolocalization, e-identity and
e-management, enforcement of copyright protection, surveillance in the
workplace, accountability and communication of privacy. In addition, there
will be workshops and special sessions on topics such as eDiscovery,
privacy impact assessments and "privacy by design", smart metering and
transborder data flows. Since 2012 was declared the European Year of Active
Ageing, three sessions will be devoted to the theme of Ageing and New
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Corporate Responsibility to Respect Human Rights
A new European Commissions' project will produce 3 sector-specific guides on
the Corporate Responsibility to Respect Human Rights.The choice regarding
which three sectors will be the included in this project, based on
suggestions by stakeholders, will be made by the Commission and announced in
February 2012. Therefore, it is very important that you give your input in
order to highlight the importance of defending human rights in the digital
All stakeholders are invited to submit their suggestions for the choice of
sectors by emailing sectorguidance at ihrb.org by:6pm CET on 27 January 2012.
12. Recommended Reading
German police officer uses federal Trojan to spy on daughter. Her friend
then breaks into fathers PC and police server (9.01.2012)
CMCS: Hungarian Media Laws in Europe: An Assessment of the Consistency of
Hungary's Media Laws with European Practices and Norms (5.01.2012)
France: Fingerprints and transmission of data: biometrics to protect
identity? (4.01.2012)
13. Agenda
23-24 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
The European Thematic Network on Legal Aspects of Public Sector
Information - LAPSI 2nd Public Conference and 3rd Award
24 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
PrivacyCamp.eu - UnConference on Privacy and Data Protection
25-27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Computers, Privacy and Data Protection 2012
26 January 2012, Schaarbeek, Belgium
Big Brother Awards Belgium
27 January 2012, Brussels, Belgium
21.30 - 02.00 (come early!)
Privacy Party at Bozar
4-5 February 2012, Brussels, Belgium
FOSDEM 2012 - Free and Open source Software Developers' European Meeting
25 February 2012, Szeged, Hungary
Copyright and Human Rights in the Information Age: Conflict or Harmonious
16 March 2012, Rotterdam, Netherlands
EPSIplatform Conference: Taking government data re-use to the next level!
20 March - 1 April 2012, Berlin, Germany
Wikimedia Chapters Meeting 2012
13 April 2012, Biefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
16-18 April 2012, Cambridge, UK
Cambridge 2012: Innovation and Impact - Openly Collaborating to Enhance
OER12 and the OCW Consortium's Global Conference
2-4 May 2012, Berlin, Germany
Re:Publica 2012: ACTION!
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
20-22 June 2012, Paris, France
2012 World Open Educational Resources Congress
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and genetic
Resources Commons.
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Confernece
Call for Papers by 1 February 2012
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2012-07-18 20:01:39
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.14, 18 July 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.14, 18 July 2012
1. Is CETA introducing ACTA through the back door?
2. Russian bill creates blacklist of websites
3. EP: Surprises in the online distribution of audiovisual works' report
4. French Supreme Court: important rulings for intermediary liability
5. German Federal Supreme Court rules in the RapidShare case
6. EC suggests changes of the music rights management system
7. Ireland: E-voting machines go to scrap after proving unreliable
8. Banking blockade on Wikileaks broken by the Icelandic court
9. EP and EDPS hit back against lawless bchild protectionb measures
10. Recommended Action
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Is CETA introducing ACTA through the back door?
The European Parliament rejected ACTA with a large majority on 4 July
2012, but just one week later the EU is accused of pushing back the
rejected agreement through the back door, that is, through CETA, the
EUbCanada trade agreement that includes measures similar to ACTA.
The negotiations between EU and Canada on the bilateral trade agreement
CETA started in November 2009 and will probably be ended by the end of
this year. Just like ACTA, the trade deal has been drafted in secret but
leaked documents, dated February 2012, have shown parts of ACTA being
introduced in this new agreement. CETA will also require the approval of
the European Parliament to enter into force.
bCETA must be cancelled altogether (or its repressive ACTA parts must be
scrapped), or face the same fate as ACTA in the Parliamentb, stated La
Quadrature du Net.
MEP Nigel Farage drew the attention over the similarities between ACTA
and CETA: "If the commission has a glimmer of respect for the voice of
the people it would change CETA as soon as possible and stop trying to
bring ACTA into legislative life by stealth. ACTA is like a Frankenstein
which has been bolted together and keeps on moving. It is dangerous and
must be brought to an end immediately," said Farage.
Internet activists have already warned over the possibility that ACTA
may appear in several draft agreements in order to get through somehow.
bTo put back the same provisions in a much larger trade agreement will
make it more difficult to reject. If CETA is successful, then one would
think that the European commission would come back and say 'well, you
just passed that, so you cannot object to ACTA'," said Michael Geist,
law professor at the University of Ottawa, who uncovered the leaked
documents showing that the proposals from ACTA had been included in CETA.
The chapter on intellectual property rights is almost identical to ACTA
in several instances, including rules on enforcement of intellectual
property rights, damages, injunctions, border enforcement, preserving
evidence and criminal sanctions, while Article 23 defines all commercial
scale copyright infringement as criminal.
The Trade Commissioner's spokesman, John Clancy tried to explain on
Twitter that the leaked documents were actually a previous version of
the agreement drafted before ACTA was rejected by MEPs, and that the
agreement draft has since been changed and "no single provision departs
from EU law."
Joe McNamee from EDRi warned the Commission against using CETA to get
parts of ACTA back into place, considering that such attempts would be
"hamfisted, politically incompetent and anti-democratic."
ACTA Lives: How the EU & Canada Are Using CETA as Backdoor Mechanism To
Revive ACTA (9.07.2012)
ACTA is back, completed with investment protections (10.07.2012)
EC Says ACTA ISP Provisions Dropped from CETA, Yet Most of ACTA Likely
Remains Intact (11.07.2012)
EU accused of trying to introduce ACTA 'through the back door' (11.07.2012)
Commission set for fresh collision course over ACTA copy-cat clauses
EDRi-member Digitale Gesellschaft - Flyer on CETA (only in German,
2. Russian bill creates blacklist of websites
At the beginning of July 2012, Duma, the lower house of the Russian
Parliament, approved in third reading a draft law titled bOn the
Protection of Children From Information Harmful to Their Health and
Developmentb, allowing the Russian authorities to create a blacklist
with websites deemed to contain bpornography or extremist ideas, or
promoting suicide or use of drugs.b
The draft law that is meant to amend the present Law of Information
raises concerns of filtering and censorship. The owner of a website
included directly on the blacklist, without any referring to a court,
has to be notified by the hosting provider in 24h and has to delete the
data considered offending. Failing to comply, the site must be shut down
or deleted by the hosting provider who, in case of non-compliance, may,
himself, face cutting off entirely. Those included on the list may
appeal to the court in a three-month period.
bWe suspect that the implementation of this blacklist will open the way
to abusive filtering and blocking of online content, with the aim of
censoring the Russian opposition and government critics,b stated
Reporters Without Borders.
The bill originates from the bLeague for a Safe Internetb, an
initiative meant to limit the registry to URLs (excluding DNS filtering
and IP blocking), and give a non-governmental organization the authority
to manage the list, in order to avoid bexcessive state controlb as was
explained by the League's director, Denis Davydov. The Duma decided
however to expand the registry's reach and the newly created federal
body Roskomnadzor (the Federal Supervision Agency for Information
Technologies and Communications) will probably be in charge of the matter.
The new draft law, compared with Chinabs bGreat Firewallb, raises
concerns also due to the vagueness of its text especially regarding the
Roskomnadzor that would select the targeted sites. The draft also fails
to give a precise definition of bharmfulb content and does not clearly
articulate precise reasons for a site to be added to the blacklist,
which may obviously lead to over-blocking and abuses.
The bill specifies what kind of content can lead to introducing a
website on the blacklist without court decision: bb&child pornography,
as well as information containing propaganda about the use of narcotics,
psychotropic drugs, and their precursors, and information compelling
children to commit acts that threaten their lives and/or health,
including self-harm and suicideb&b Journalist Andrei Babitskii argues
that binformation compelling children to commit acts that threaten their
livesb is an intentionally vague expression that may lead to the
inclusion on the list of websites related to any dangerous recreational
activities, such as extreme sports.
The bill also specifies, in a very vague and imprecise manner, what
content needs a court oversight: bOther information not legally
disseminated in the Russian Federation on the basis of a court decision
recognizing the illegality of the disseminated information.b
The Presidential Council on Human Rights made a statement on 3 July
giving five precise reasons to reject the bill: the fact that the
inclusion of whole domains on the registry (and not only URLs to the
deemed illegal materials) may include law-abiding websites, that the
bill imposes what is effectively bcollective punishmentb against
web-operators and providers, that the filtering will slow down the
entire RuNet and damage e-commerce and online innovation; that the
expanded monitoring will affect individual privacy and that very high
costs will be triggered for the acquisition of the blocking and
filtration equipment necessary to enforce the law's requirements.
In response to the Presidential Council on Human Rights concerns,
Davydov offered a hypocritical explanation: bb&if every parent is
independently entitled to set limits on Internet access for their own
children to protect them from harmful content, then the government, out
of concern for its citizens, is entitled and indeed must restrict
(access to) illegal contentb&b
A coalition of independent Russian journalists has launched an online
petition for the withdrawal of this bill. Also, in protest against the
draft law, Wikipediabs Russian-language site (ru.wikipedia.org)
suspended its operations on 10 July. A bar appeared across Wikipedia
logo on the home page and the words: bImagine a world without free
knowledge.b
The bill is now to pass through the upper house and ratified by
President Vladimir Putin before coming into effect.
If anything, current discussions being led by the European Commission
are even less transparent. In the absence of a legal basis - in the
absence of the European Commission even having an agreed policy on the
subject - a "self-regulation" dialogue to "make the Internet a safer
Internet for kids" is being run by the Commission including proposals
for upload filters, download filters and little or no attempt to explain
how these restrictions are considered to be in line with the European
Charter and European Convention on Human Rights. Given this approach
from the EU, it is unsurprising that Russia has chosen child protection
as a tool for the introduction of Internet repression.
Freedom of information threatened by website blacklisting and
recriminalization of defamation (13.07.2012)
Russia: A Great Firewall to Censor the RuNet? (10.07.2012)
EDRi-gram: The rise of the European upload filter (20.06.2012)
3. EP: Surprises in the online distribution of audiovisual works' report
On 10 July 2012, the Culture and Education (CULT) Committee in the
European Parliament (EP) voted on the own initiative report of
Jean-Marie Cavada (EPP, France) on the online distribution of
audiovisual content. The own initiative report follows the Green Paper
from the European Commission dated 13 July 2011 and the public
consultation that closed in November 2011 (for which the result is not
yet available).
Mr Cavadabs draft report contained a paragraph calling for consideration
of bhow to block access to pay platforms offering unauthorised
services.b This provision was removed by Mr Cavada as a result of
widespread opposition.  This removal is welcome as the Committee has
consistently rejected blocking a way of combating the dissemination of
platforms offering unauthorised services.
As good news never comes without bad news (or at least not as often as
we would wish for...), the report contained a very surprising paragraph
on the liability of network operators. The additional paragraph
(amendment 147) that was voted, was proposed by the Mr. Cavada. It
bcalls on the Commission to consider ways (...) reverse the current
trend of removing responsibility from these operators regarding consumer
protection, implementation of intellectual property and ensuring
Internet privacyb.  The adoption of this text is surprising for at least
three reasons.
Firstly, it is factually not true that there is a trend that diminishes
the responsibility of network operators. The rules concerning the
responsibility and liability of Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are
provided by the e-Commerce Directive in Articles 12 to 15 and have been
in place since 2001. The only discernible trend has been in the opposite
direction, as courts in some EU Member States have been making rulings
that have narrowly interpreted ISP liability provisions
Secondly, the risk is really high that this provision could be
understood as promoting privatised censorship in exactly the way that
was suggested by ACTA., As liability increases, it is logical that ISPs
will be willing to avoid legal problems by bvoluntarilyb enforcing
copyright legislation outside the rule of law. This will lead to
privatised enforcement at the detriment of fundamental rights such as
freedom of expression, the right to privacy but also the freedom to
conduct business.
Finally, the role of the whole initiative was to encourage the
development of new legal offers and to improve the access to content for
users b it is a symptom of a broader problem that, even when the policy
is so positive, the reflex is to fall back on repressive measures as the
only solution.
During the discussions of this dossier in Parliament, the online
distribution of audiovisual worksb report has raised lots of attention
and the number of amendments proposed for an own-initiative report shows
that the subject creates a huge amount of controversy. The attention
brought on the report need to be looked at in the larger debate on
The final version of the Report is not available yet.
Amendment 147 in the Report
Directive on electronic commerce 2000/31/EC
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
4. French Supreme Court: Important rulings for intermediary liability
On 12 July 2012 the French Supreme Court (Cour de Cassation) issued four
important and somewhat contradictory rulings regarding the role of
online service providers in policing online copyright infringements.
In the first case, SNEP vs. Google France, the Court's decision could
lead the search engine to censor its autocomplete feature which
automatically suggests commonly-used terms associated with the queries
submitted by users. The French phonographic industry lobby (SNEP) had
sued Google for providing the suggestions bTorrentb, bMegaupload" and
bRapidshareb when users typed the names of artists or music bands in the
Google search bar.
Both the Court of First Instance and the Appellate Court had rejected
SNEP's demands that Google stop suggesting the names of these online
services. They insisted that the latter were not illegal in
themselves, even though they could be used to infringe copyright. As a
consequence, they claimed that SNEP's rights were not affected by
Google's service, and that the company could not be held liable for such
bpotentially infringing usesb, nor be forced to censor its automatic
But the Supreme Court overturned these rulings, rejecting the lower
courts' legal reasoning. The judges held that Google's autocomplete
feature actually bprovided the means to infringe copyright and related
rightsb, and that the measures required by SNEP, while not being totally
effective, could in fact bprevent or terminate such infringementsb. The
case is now referred back to a lower court to be judged once again.
Interestingly, this ruling comes six months after Google decided to
voluntarily remove "Rapidshare", "uTorrent" and "MegaUpload" from its
Google Suggest service. However, according to the SNEP's executive
director, David El Sayegh, Google must do more in the fight against
file-sharing. bThis ruling demonstrates that search engines must
participate in the regulation of the Internetb, said El Sayegh. As a
result of this decision, Google will be under increased pressure to come
to a settlement with rights-holders organisations.
In three other separate but similar rulings, the Supreme Court upheld
the rights of Internet users and service providers against the
right-holders' claims. The Court's decisions in these cases mark the end
of bnotice and staydownb injunctions in France, which were becoming
increasingly popular in Court rooms. In all three cases, the appeal
court had ruled that Google did not adopt adequate measures to prevent
the re-indexation of videos or images that rights-holders had previously
notified as infringing and which Google had then promptly removed. Such
rulings would have eventually forced Google to monitor its users'
activities and filter-out uploaded content, so as to prevent any of its
users from publishing content that has already been notified and
taken-down (hence the term bnotice and staydownb, as opposed to the
traditional bnotice and takedownb regime).
Through its decision, the Supreme Court rejected the notion that online
service providers are under the obligation to prevent any future
infringements. According to the Court, the three appellate rulings
violated EU and French law by imposing ba general obligation to monitorb
the content that Google stores, as well as to actively bseek illicit
uploadsb. These decisions would have led Google to implement a bblocking
mechanism with no limitation in timeb, which would be bdisproportionate
to the pursued aimb, the Court said. Whereas the EU Court of Justice
recently rejected blocking measures based on five cumulative criteria in
the Netlog vs. SABAM case, the French Court deems that the bno
limitation is timeb criterion is enough to qualify blocking measures as
These rulings against bnotice-and-staydownb will bring clarity to the
ongoing debate on the future of the EU e-commerce directive and the
dangers of blocking measures. However, when considered together with the
decision on Google's autocomplete feature, this mounting case law will
unfortunately encourage rights-holders to keep on pushing for closer
bcooperationb of online service providers in copyright enforcement,
thereby leading to privatised censorship schemes.
French Supreme Court decision - SNEP vs. Google France
(only in French, 12.07.2012)
French Supreme Court decisions - Bac Films vs. Google France and Inc (1
& 2) (only in French, 12.07.2012)
French Supreme Court - AndrC) Rau vs. Google & AuFeminin.com (only in
French, 12.07.2012)
France: Google may have to censor for piracy after all (16.07.2012)
Music: Google's suggestions (once again) in front of the judges (only
in French, 13.07.2012)
The Supreme Court opposes content blocking by hosting companies
(in French only, 18.07.2012)
(contribution by FC)lix TrC)guer - EDRi-observer La Quadrature du Net)
5. German Federal Supreme Court rules in the RapidShare case
A file-hosting site could be partially liable for the content uploaded
by others in Germany. In a case brought to court by video games company
Atari which accused file-sharing site RapidShare of unlawfully providing
access to one of its games, the German Federal Supreme Court decided on
12 July 2012 in favour of the plaintiff.
Despite the fact that, when notified, RapidShare deleted the files in
question, Atari was not satisfied and required the inclusion of a filter
and other measures to prevent illegal uploading of copyrighted material.
The first ruling of the District Court was also in favour of the
plaintiff but the Higher Regional Court of DC
Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-06-20 21:48:00
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.12, 20 June 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.12, 20 June 2012
1. The rise of the European upload filter
2. Austria: Data retention petition ignored by the Parliament
3. Google Transparency report: increasing trend of government censorship
4. German news article removed from search results after DMCA complaint
5. Article 29 WPbs opinion on the cookie exemptions
6. UK websites might have to identify btrollsb
7. Spanish Supreme Court says Google is not breaching copyright
8. Googlebs Street View privacy breach again in the public eye
9. Prague ICANN meeting to discuss Whois data
10. Culture: Global changes in production and consumption
11. ENDitorial: Data retention - faint heart never won fair lady
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. The rise of the European upload filter
In 2011, the European Union decided against the introduction of
mandatory filtering in Europe, because a democratic analysis of the
evidence showed that this was not necessary. In 2012, the European Union
is working on a variety of projects to introduce bvoluntaryb upload
filters and, because they would be introduced on a so-called bvoluntaryb
basis, there will be no democratic analysis.
There are at least three different initiatives currently underway with
this target. Firstly, Commissioner Kroes' bCEO Coalitionb. As previously
mentioned in the EDRi-gram, this initiative involves the Commission
inviting big business to propose measures that will make the Internet a
bsafer place for childrenb. The fact that Facebook is in charge of
privacy settings and Microsoft is in charge of bnotice and takedownb
appears to raise no concerns about the process being instrumentalised
for business purposes.
Microsoft's history in bnotice and takedownb is hardly exemplary. Recent
cases showing that Microsoft, using Google's global application of US
copyright law, has repeatedly demanded that Google removes links from
its search results b links which remain available on Microsoft's own
search engine. Microsoft, on the other hand, has also developed a
product called bphotoDNA,b used by Facebook UK as an upload filter to
prevent known child abuse material being added to their site. What
happens when somebody tries to do this? Nobody knows. What happens if a
criminal tries to upload innocent parts of images as a way of filtering
his/her own collection of illegal images to identify images unknown to
the police? We don't know. How big is the risk that this could lead to
incentives to creating new illegal images and new abuse? We don't know.
In the same vein, the bSafer Internet Programme 2012b announced that one
of its strategies was to bdevelop a pilot test for trusted hash code /
fingerprint series for preventing re-uploading of identified child
sexual abuse materialb. Remarkably, the Commission's proposal includes
an explicit reference to PhotoDNA, Microsoft's product. The plan is also
to extend beyond photographic material and cover videos.
Finally, the European Parliament is currently working on a
non-legislative resolution on bthe protection of minors in the digital
world,b with Silvia Costa (S&D, Italy) as MEP in charge. Neither her
draft report nor any of the amendments make a reference to filtering of
any kind. However, the text, largely (as it seems reasonable to assume)
donated by the child protection industry, is replete with references to
bpreventingb various online activities, without any discussions in the
Parliament about filtering uploads to the Internet. The draft report
also masterfully confuses illegal content with unspecified bunsuitableb
content arguing that bmeasures to prevent illegal online content lead to
differing approaches to the prevention of unsuitable conduct".
But one can't really oppose the use of such a far-reaching strategy for
child protection. If it protects children, why ask questions about
whether there will be unforeseen or even counter-productive
consequences? Why ask questions about whether this is the most effective
use of resources? Why ask for democratic oversight or evidence of
usefulness? And, of course, nobody would be so cynical as to re-use the
technology for any other purpose, would they?
Well, apart from terrorism, of course. The EU-funded bClean ITb (not to
be confused with the Iranian bclean Internetb) project is proposing the
creation of a database of content bconsideredb illegal. bWhy not try and
create a database where internet companies can check it to see if it's
known illegal materialb asks the project manager? And if it protects
society, why ask questions about whether there will be unforeseen or
even counter-productive consequences? And all of the questions that are
not asked about upload filters for child abuse material are not asked
again in relation to terrorism.
Well, apart from copyright, of course. The European Commission's report
from 2010 on the application of the IPR Enforcement Directive argues
that, bgiven intermediaries' favourable position to contribute to the
prevention and termination of online infringements, the Commission could
explore how to involve them more closely.b
Safer Internet Programme
IPR Enforcement Directive
Draft European Parliament report on protection of minors (2.04.2012)
Clean IT project considers terrorist content database (6.06.2012)
Busted: Microsoft Harbors BitTorrent Pirates (27.05.2012)
Facebook & PhotoDNA (19.05.2011)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Austria: Data retention petition ignored by the Parliament
The Austrian Working Group on Data Retention counters the lack of
responsiveness to citizens' political participation with even more
Albeit gaining support of over 100 000 citizens, the Austrian citizens'
petition against data retention has been deferred to the Parliament
Justice Committee by the Petition Committee. The Austrian working group
on data retention (AKVorrat.at) has decided to change pace in the
campaign and asks its supporters to contact the representatives in the
justice committee, to ensure that their concerns are taken seriously.
In October 2011, the Austrian working group on data retention
(AKVorrat.at) started a petition, called citizens' initiative, asking
the Austrian government to oppose the EU data retention directive and to
evaluate all laws created with the aim to fight terrorism. In December,
the initiative was passed to the Parliament with more than 4400
supporters. Since mid-December the initiative could be signed online and
reached a total of 106 067 supporters until 30 May 2012.
The Petition Committee of the Austrian Parliament dealt with the issue
twice: in March and on 30 May 2012. Both times their schedule allowed
only less than 5 minutes to deal with the initiative and its consequences.
In March 2012, the Committee decided to ask three ministries (Justice,
Interior and Infrastructure) as well as the Chancellor's office for
statements. All ministries' statements clearly missed the point by
stating that Austria had to implement data retention because of the Data
Retention Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council. These
statements are quite surprising as one of the key demands of the
initiative is that the Austrian government should act within the
European Union to abolish the Data Retention Directive. The other main
demand - the evaluation of laws designed to fight terrorism - was
completely ignored.
In the second meeting, there was no reaction to the statements and the
initiative was passed on to the Justice Committee.
AKVorrat.at reacted quickly: "After being astonished initially by the
brief treatment in the petition committee a new campaign was kicked off.
Since the citizens' initiative can no longer be signed the new campaign
asks all the supporters to contact the representatives in the justice
committee to ensure proper treatment of the demands supported by more
than 100,000 citizens. To date it is unclear how and when the initiative
will be discussed in the committee. Nevertheless, the activists of
AKVorrat.at are determined to maintain data retention as one of the hot
topics in Austrian politics."
Austrian Parliament - Citizens' initiative - Stop Data retention (only
in German)
AK Vorrat Austria campaign against data retention (only in German)
(Contribution by AK Vorrat - Austria)
3. Google Transparency report: increasing trend of government censorship
According to Googlebs latest bi-annual transparency report covering the
July-December 2011 period, the number of governmental requests for
usersb private data and content taking down has continued to grow.
The report shows the situation for each country separately and refers to
the requests received from judiciary and executive power authorities,
the request for content removal related to copyright infringements being
dealt with separately.
Thus, the total number of requests has reached 11 936 in the second half
of 2011 as compared with 9 600 in the same period in 2010 and 8 959 in
the second half of 2009.
The Spanish Data Protection Agency, for instance, has made 14 requests
for content removal, most of them related to results leading to blogs or
websites that referred to political or public people. The agency has
also requested the elimination of three blogs hosted by Blogger and 3
video clips from YouTube. Google has however refused to comply with
the requests which had no court support, considering them as
governmental censorship.
In Poland the Agency for Development of Businesses had demanded the
search engine to delete a search result that was not favourable to the
Agency and 8 other links that were pointing to this result.
In France, the state demanded the deletion of 61 content pieces by 31
requests, most of them for defamatory content or pornography on YouTube.
Googlebs report is giving the number of requests the company complied
with or rejected making a distinction between the judicial requests and
the administrative ones. bThere are several reasons why we do not comply
with certain requests. Some of them may be specific enough so that we
may know what the government wants us to suppressb.
Google policy analyst Dorothy Chou has stated for Forbes that Google
requires certain criteria for the requests. These must be submitted in a
written form, have to come from an appropriate agency, must cite a
criminal case and have to be narrow enough regarding the number of users
that they affect and the time frame of data that is requested. bWe want
to show that webre advocating on your behalf. But we also want to do
right by the spirit and letter of the law,b says Chou.
Google considers as alarming the fact that even countries considered
democratic, such as Spain, France, Poland, UK, US or Canada have
increased their requests related to political expressions.
bWe noticed that government agencies from different countries would
sometimes ask us to remove political content that our users had posted
on our services. We hoped this was an aberration. But now we know itbs
not. Just like every other time before, webve been asked to take down
political speech. Itbs alarming not only because free expression is at
risk, but because some of these requests come from countries you might
not suspectbWestern democracies not typically associated with
censorship,b stated Chou.
Google Transparency Report for July-December 2011
Google denounces an alarming level of governmental censorship (only in
French, 18.06.2012)
Google refuses the removal of the links that the Protection of Data
requires (only in Spanish, 18.06.2012)
U.S. Government Requests For Google Users' Private Data Jump 37% In One
Year (17.06.2012)
4. German news article removed from search results after DMCA complaint
European procedures for the removal of online content that is judged or
accused of being illegal currently depend on the interpretation of the
e-Commerce Directive by Member States and private companies. This means
that whenever sites, blog posts, images or comments on the internet are
accused of being illegal, procedures implementing this Directive are not
clear, not harmonised and lead to legal uncertainty. Internet service
and hosting providers risk liability for the content of their customers
once they have bactual knowledgeb of its illegality or, possibly, just
its existence, and do not remove the content 'expeditiously'. It is
however very foggy what bactual knowledgeb or bexpeditiousb means and
what the requirements for a valid notice can be. Any lack of clarity
leads almost automatically to the undermining of fundamental freedoms
and the due process of law, because online companies will seek to defend
themselves by deleting any content that creates a legal risk for them.
In the US, service and hosting providers can maintain their immunity via
the so-called Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Under these safe
harbour protections, they cannot be held responsible for material that
has been posted in breach of copyright. However, as soon as they receive
a notification meeting certain conditions, they need to remove it from
their services. Even though it can be argued that the structured US
system is more predictable than the current European approach, it also
has major flaws.
Google's latest transparency report, which focuses on the takedowns for
search links, has revealed how absurd some requests are. Microsoft for
instance has requested the removal of over 2.5 million URLs. The sheer
volume means that the complaints procedure is mainly or fully automatic,
with Google and other recipients of the "notices" automatically deleting
the information in question. On the basis of DMCA complaints, Google
also deletes sites from global search results b with no concern for
whether the content is legal outside the U S.
For example, on 6 June 2012, Microsoft sent a DMCA takedown notice to
Google regarding an article about Windows 8 published by the German
IT-news platform Heise. The link to the article was removed without
questioning the validity of the complaint. It was removed without even
asking if the content would be legal in Germany. And it was removed
without any consultation with the author of the article.
Heise staff noticed accidentally that the link was removed only after
finding the DMCA report on their Webmaster Tools service. The German
publisher immediately sent a counter-notice which however implied that
the counter-notifier gives its consent that the legal competent
authority is the District Court of Santa Clara County in California b
despite the fact that the affected company, blog, news platform or
website owner is based in Europe. The initial notifying party then has
10 working days to react to the counter-notice. During this period, the
website will still not appear in search results. According to Google's
DMCA report received by Heise, it can take up to 11 hours to remove
links from its search result upon receipt of a DMCA takedown request.
However, it can take several weeks until a takedown is reported by the
collaborative archive Chilling Effects Clearinghouse (chillingeffects.org).
This recent example shows that the DMCA is, despite being more
predictable than the European system, a process in which a website is
first shut down and only then questions are being asked with regards to
the legality of the content. In the US and elsewhere, the application of
the DMCA has led to the deletion of speech content without warning in
numerous cases.
In Europe, it is now essential to establish a differentiated approach,
procedures that are transparent and allow for due process to avoid void,
accidental and deliberate abuse leading to the take down of legitimate,
non-infringing content and to ensure the functioning of the Digital
Single Market.
With the aim to establish a framework and to provide guidance on
European notice and takedown procedures, the EU Commission has just
launched a public consultation in order to clarify the implementation of
the e-Commerce Directive by the end of this year. All stakeholders and
interested individuals are invited to reply to the public consultation
and to provide the Commission with input before 5 September.
Microsoft asked to delete Heise article from Google search results (only
in German, 8.06.2012)
Google's Transparency Report on takedown requests
RIAA Demands Unlimited DMCA Power From Google (2.06.2012)
European Commission consultation questionnaire - A clean and open
Internet: Public consultation on procedures for notifying and acting on
illegal content hosted by online intermediaries
Deadline: 5 September 2012
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
5. Article 29 WPbs opinion on the cookie exemptions
On 12 June 2012, the Article 29 Working Party (WP 29) published an
opinion on the issue, focusing on two exemption criteria established by
the new cookie-related provisions in the ePrivacy Directive:
A- the use of the cookie bfor the sole purpose of carrying out the
transmission of a communication over an electronic communications
networkb and
B - the use of a cookie if bstrictly necessary in order for the provider
of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber
or user to provide the serviceb.
WP 29 established in its opinion the circumstances when the exemption
criteria do not apply such as forcing controllers, processors, and third
party actors to obtain informed consent before using a cookie.
As regarding criterion A, the WP 29 considers this exemption can be used
only when the cookies are pivotal to the transmission of the
communication and when the transmission is not be possible without the
use of the cookies. "Simply using a cookie to assist, speed up or
regulate the transmission of a communication over an electronic
communications network is not sufficient," says the opinion.
Regarding criterion B, the opinion says: "There has to be a clear link
between the strict necessity of a cookie and the delivery of the service
explicitly requested by the user for the exemption to apply."
Cookies served for the purposes of providing a specific functionality
within websites will not be considered bstrictly necessaryb unless "the
functionality will not be available" without the cookie and the user has
"explicitly requested" the functionality from the website.
According to the opinion, some cookies can be exempted from informed
consent under certain conditions if they are not used for additional
purposes - these cookies include for example buser-inputb cookies (used
to keep track of the userbs input when filling online forms or as a
shopping cart, also known as session-id cookies), multimedia player
session cookies and user interface customization cookies (for example
language preference cookies to remember the language selected by a user).
The cookies that should not be covered by the exemption include social
plug-in tracking cookies; third party advertising cookies, third party
and first party analytics cookies.
Regarding third party and first party analytics cookies, WP 29 remarks
however that they carry low privacy risks when they are limited to first
party aggregated statistical purposes and when used by websites which
also provide adequate privacy safeguards.
WP 29 also believes e-Privacy Directive should be amended in order to
introduce a new exemption to consent "for cookies that are strictly
limited to first party anonymized and aggregated statistical purposes."
Opinion 04/2012 on Cookie Consent Exemption (7.06.2012)
Article 29 Press Release on cookie consent exemption (12.06.2012)
Websites may only place cookies without user consent if services would
not work without them, say regulators (13.06.2012)
6. UK websites might have to identify btrollsb
According to the new UK government proposals, website operators might
soon have to identify users who have posted defamatory messages online,
so that the victims of the respective messages may take legal action
against the "trolls".
Presently in UK, a website operator is liable for everything that
appears on its site and therefore it can be taken to court by anybody
who claims something defamatory has been posted about him/her on the
respective website. The websites are now removing content as soon as a
defamation claim is made, irrespective of whether it is right or wrong.
"As the law stands, individuals can be the subject of scurrilous rumour
and allegation on the web with little meaningful remedy against the
person responsible. Website operators are in principle liable as
publishers for everything that appears on their sites, even though the
content is often determined by users,b says Justice Secretary Ken Clarke.
The UK Ministry of Justice is now proposing a Defamation Bill, which is
under debate in the House of Commons, that will force operators to
identify the creator of a defamatory message and to give that
information to the victim so that he (she) may take action directly
against the person having posted the defamatory content.
The government states that there will also be measures to strengthen
freedom of speech and prevent false claims meant to get material
removed. "It will be very important to ensure that these measures do not
inadvertently expose genuine whistleblowers, and we are committed to
getting the detail right to minimise this risk," said Clarke.
The present rule that currently counts each separate viewing of a
controversial web page as a separate defamatory offence will be removed
and a one-year time limit will be introduced to online defamation claims
in order to stop people complaining about old articles.
However, privacy advocates are concerned about the possible abuse that
the new bill might bring forth. Privacy International believes that a
large part of the content posted by online trolls is not actually
defamatory being rather bharassment, invasion of privacy or simply
unpleasant but lawfully-expressed opinionb and is concerned that
"gun-shy website operators will start automatically divulging user
details the moment someone alleges defamation in order to shield
themselves from libel actions".
bIf the choice is between protecting users' anonymity and avoiding a
potentially costly lawsuit, many small operators are not going to be
overly concerned about whether or not a user has genuinely defamed the
complainant," said Emma Draper, head of communications at Privacy
International to BBC News.
For the time being, ISPs seem critical to the proposal as they will be
forced to store more information about Internet usage and emails. The
proposal will also force them to block all access to pornography
websites unless customers specifically state otherwise.
Websites to be forced to identify trolls under new measures (12.06.2012)
Victims of internet abuse to get new power to identify 'trolls' (12.06.2012)
Q&A: Who are internet trolls - and how is the law changing? (12.06.2012)
7. Spanish Supreme Court says Google is not breaching copyright
The Spanish Supreme Court ruled on 3 April 2012 that Google was not in
breach of copyright with its browser and cache services. The ruling was
given in a case filed in 2006 by the owner of a web page
(Megakini.com) for having reproduced and made available its
contents, by means of the Google search engine and the Google Cache
service, without authorisation.
The Supreme Court comes to confirm the previous decision given by the
lower court in Barcelona, on 30 March 2007, and the ruling on the appeal
of the Provincial Audience of Barcelona, on 17 Sept. 2008, which both
concluded the same, although on different grounds.
Regarding the reproduction and making available of parts of the webpage
contents, all three courts agreed this was not an infringement of the
copyright law as it had a temporary, incidental and minimal character.
The Supreme Court also rejected the infringement claim in relation to
Google cache service. The reason that laid at the basis of the decision
was the three-step-test guiding the interpretation of the statutory
limitations to the exclusive copyrights. Google Cache service is a
bsocially toleratedb use which was not prejudicial to the interests of
the claimant.
The claimant had asked for 2000 Euro in damages and for the shut down
the whole operation of the search engine which the court considered a
bmaximalist petitum". According to the court the copyright laws "do not
authorize abusive claims nor absurd hypotheses meant to prejudice
another without own benefit".
However, the court made it clear that the ruling only extended to the
specific circumstances of the case and that bcourts do not solve
doctrinal polemics.b
Court decision (only in Spanish, 3.04.2012)
The Supreme Court agrees with Google and considers that its activity
does not breach copyright (only in Spanish, 13.06.12)
The Supreme Court makes clear that the ruling only extends to the
specific circumstances of this case and Spanish Supreme Court rules in
favour of Google search engine (15.06.2012)
8. Googlebs Street View privacy breach again in the public eye
Recently, the UK Data Protection Authority - Information Commissioner's
Office (ICO) has decided to reopen its investigation on Google over the
collection of personal information by Google Street View project from
May 2010.
As a reaction to the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC)bs report
issued earlier this year into the Street View data collection, ICO has
now sent a written request to the search engine asking for more details
regarding its knowledge of, and reaction to, the data collection. FCCbs
report concluded that an engineer working for the company, with the
approval of a manager of the company, had written a software code
allowing the Street View cars to collect "payload" data from
unencrypted Wi-Fi networks in the area covered by the cars "for possible
use in other Google projects." The software allowed for the gathering of
entire emails, usernames and passwords.
"The ICO have reviewed the findings of the FCC report and we understand
that a wide range of personal data together with some sensitive data was
present in the payloads including, IP addresses, full user names,
telephone numbers, complete email messages, email headings, instant
messages and their content, logging in credentials, medical listing's
and legal infractions, information in relation to online dating and
visits to pornographic sites and data contained in video and audio
files," says Steve Eckersley, the ICO's head of enforcement, in the
letter addressed to Google.
Having in view that in 2010 Google admitted to have gathered personal
data but stated this had been done by mistake and that now the situation
reported by FCC shows that it is likely that such information was
deliberately captured, the ICO asks now more information regarding what
personal and sensitive personal data was captured in the UK. It also
wants details regarding the time when Google managers first became aware
that personal information was being gathered and about the technological
or organisational measures taken by the company to limit any further
data collection.
Google is also asked to provide a bsubstantial explanation" of the
sample data sent during the initial assessment of the issue as
well as copies of the design documents and associated logs containing
"managerial decisions and rationale".
Google stands in a better position in Switzerland however where the
Federal Tribunal has recently ruled that Google did not have to
guarantee absolute anonymity for people pictured in its Street View
service. "It must be accepted that up to a maximum of 1 percent of the
images uploaded are insufficiently anonymized," ruled the Supreme Court
on 8 June 2012.
However, the Court also stated that Google had to make it easy for
people to have their images manually blurred, and ensure total anonymity
in sensitive areas such as schools, hospitals, women's shelters and courts.
ICO reinvestigates Google's Street View data collection (13.06.2012)
Google wins partial repeal of Swiss privacy ruling (8.06.2012)
EDRi-gram: Google admits it was gathering passwords and emails via
StreetView (3.11.2010)
9. Prague ICANN meeting to discuss Whois data
An ICANN meeting will be held in Prague between 24-29 June 2012,
where issues and topics impacting users, consumers and registrants, like
whois access and the extension of domain space with ongoing new gTLD
program, will be discussed. As a reminder, ICANN is an Internet
governing body managing mainly IP addressing and domain names and which
is implementing a multi-stakeholder model, bottom-up and consensus-based
policy-making process .
ICANN as an organization still needs important improvements on
accountability, transparency and public interest aspects and also in the
involvement of the civil society, activists and academics. It is also
developing more complex structure and processes advantaging insiders.
The debates are dominated by business and trademark perspective and
privacy, human rights, freedom of expression are still marginalized and
not systematically included or assessed in the policy making process.
One of the rare open spaces in ICANN for the participation of the civil
society remains the Non-commercial Stakeholder Group (which includes for
example NCUC - the historical non-commercial users constituency). It is
one of the stakeholders forming the GNSO (the structure responsible for
policy making for gTLD).
Prague meeting is an opportunity for NGOs in Europe to follow ICANN
activities more closely and to participate in the process since there
are several public sessions and in particular the traditional public
forum on Thursdays where they can express their concerns.
definitely interest privacy advocacy organization and also people
interested in data protection. ICANN is getting pressure from LEAs with
support of some governments (US,UK etc), members of GAC (Governmental
Advisory Committee) to implement Thick Whois without real privacy
safeguards or a privacy impact assessment and pushing to include those
provisions in the registrar's agreements or RAA (Registrar Accreditation
Agreement) which is currently under negotiations as well as in the
expected new gTLDs to be launched in next years.
The ongoing new gTLD program also represents new challenges, benefits
and risks for consumers and users. The list of applications for new gTLD
was revealed on the 13 June 2012. The process will continue and will
include a period for community comments and also possible objections
against some TLDs, which may raise a Freedom of Expression issue, in
particular, with giving governments, via GAC, the possibility to send
"early warnings".
Finally, European NGOs are strongly advised to attend the ICANN meeting
to be more familiar with those topics and to see how they can be
involved in the process to influence it although domain names issues
seem narrow as compared to Internet policy topics in general. The
development of policies in ICANN and its own model are setting a
precedent in the Internet governance context that we need to care about.
Website with practical information about ICANN Prague meeting (24-29
June 2012)
Explanation of the process to object an applied gTLD
Whois recommendations from the review team (5.12.2011)
Homepage of Non-commercial Stakeholder Group
(Contribution by Rafik Dammak - Non-Commercial Users
Constituency/Non-commercial Stakeholder Group)
10. Culture: Global changes in production and consumption
The Green MEPs Eva Lichtenberger, Sandrine BC)lier and Helga TrC
Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-03-28 20:39:04
@_author: EDRI-gram newsletter 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.6, 28 March 2012 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.6, 28 March 2012
1. EU-US PNR Agreement: A bad day for civil liberties in Europe
2. EU-US joint commitments on privacy and protection of personal data
3. France: Biometric ID database found unconstitutional
4. ICANN will cooperate in taking down websites for copyright infringements
5. CoE's Internet Governance strategy places emphasis on users' rights
6. New German court decision on traffic filtering
7. Italy: Problematic Internet blocking decision against fraudulent website
8. ENDitorial: European Parliament defends itself and democracy from ACTA
9. Recommended Action
10. Recommended Reading
11. Agenda
12. About
1. EU-US PNR Agreement: A bad day for civil liberties in Europe
On 27 March 2012, the Civil Liberties (LIBE) Committee of the European
Parliament decided to back the new air passenger data deal with the United
States. In her recommendation, the Dutch Liberal MEP Sophie in 't Veld
called on her colleagues to reject it. However, to her regret, the LIBE
Committee has endorsed the Agreement despite inadequate legal safeguards.
EDRi had repeatedly pointed out the serious flaws of the Agreement to the
Parliamentarians in the LIBE Committee. The new text does not only severely
undermine fundamental rights but also largely ignores the criteria set by
the European Parliament itself. In its resolutions of May and November
2010, Parliamentarians asked for a reduction of the retention period,
for "push" only as a method of transfer and for a clear prohibition of
profiling - none of these conditions have been met in the new Agreement.
The Commission has neither provided evidence that the collection, storage
and processing of personal data is proportionate at all, let alone why it
appears to believe that 15 years of data retention are necessary and
proportionate. Furthermore, the proposed Agreement does not provide for
sufficient protections and rights for citizens. According to the revised
Agreement, any individual is entitled to "request" their PNR data from the
US Department of Homeland Security (DHS). However, since the Agreement does
not address what citizens are entitled to receive an answer, the DHS can
decline this request. Moreover, the DHS has decided that its use of PNR data
is exempt from the Privacy Act even for U.S. citizens.
In the upcoming plenary vote MEPs now have to either defend fundamental
rights and European citizens' right to privacy and reject the Agreement - or
undermine the Parliament's own credibility and vote in favour of the deal.
EDRi comments on the US air passenger data deal (2012)
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor (9.12.2011)
Article 29 Data Protection Working Party letter to LIBE on PNR (6.01.2012)
(contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
2. EU-US joint commitments on privacy and protection of personal data
At the 28 November 2011 EU-US Summit, President Obama and Presidents Van
Rompuy and Barroso announced that the US and the EU are determined to
finalise negotiations on a comprehensive EU-US data privacy and protection
agreement. On 19 March 2012, a High Level Conference on Privacy and
Protection of Personal Data took place to discuss commercial data privacy
questions, held simultaneously in Washington and Brussels. The conference
was extremely well attended by high-level EU regulators and provided
valuable insights into the respective priorities. Before the Conference,
European Commission (EC) Vice-President Viviane Reding and U.S. Secretary of
Commerce John Bryson released an EU-US joint statement on data protection in
which they stated that this was a defining moment for global personal data
protection and privacy policy and for achieving further interoperability of
our systems on a high level of protection.
The conference wad organised in the context of the EC's legislative
proposals to reform and strengthen the fundamental right to data protection
and unify the EU's data protection laws and enforcement rules and President
Obama's privacy blueprint, including the Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights.
Stakeholders in the US are very interested in the ongoing data protection
reform in the European Union - notably in the proposal for a "one-stop-shop"
and a consistent regulatory level playing field across all EU Member States.
Viviane Reding, started by saying that today, in a digital economy, the
scare of sharing personal information has increased being a crucial factor
of economic growth, therefore the protection of citizens' right is
inevitable: trust in digital economy is possible only when a solid
protection is settled. That's why data protection is a strong policy
priority for the European Commission and the European Parliament, as well as
for all the 27 Member States. Notably she underlined three prominent
1. The principles of data protection are as valid today as in 1995 and EU
has to reaffirm the importance of this fundamental right
2. Technology innovations have made our DP rules a key factor for our
digital single market because, in order to flourish, our economy needs
trust: lack of trust indeed discourages citizens from buying online and
giving their personal information on line.
3. European and American companies expect that the new European data law
will provide a legal playing field, regardless of where the company operates
in the 27 members: the goal is to create only one rule for Europe - making
sure that the one stop shop for data protection regulation is for all EU
Member States; this is the only way EU will be a more attractive place to do
US authorities have developed efforts to comply with safe harbours - but
more efforts are needed: a dialogue is needed to improve the safe harbour
agreement and to go even further; stronger interoperability standards are
needed as well to complete the puzzle to provide legal certainty to
businesses and citizens.
John Bryson, US Secretary of Commerce, who came in with a video message,
reported that President Obama had asked the Congress to enact legislation
but also to move ahead on a voluntary basis through codes of conduct,
underlying the importance of a collaborative approach. The other speakers in
the first panel also all broadly welcomed both the EU proposals and the
Obama White Paper.
However, Douwe Korff, representing EDRi, said that these exchanges of mutual
compliments were excessive: there were still major issues to be resolved. In
particular, in Europe, data protection is a fundamental right, accorded to
"everyone" (Charter of Fundamental Rights). The European civil society in
principle welcomed the proposed EU Regulation insofar as it sought to
achieve data protection at a high level, although quite a few issues still
needed improving or clarifying. By contrast, in the US privacy much less
protection is given under the Constitution: although the recent Jones
decision by the Supreme Court has shown progress, there were still important
limitation on the US Fourth Amendment guarantees; the "third party" doctrine
undermined principles that are seen as crucial in Europe, notably
purpose-limitation; and in important areas privacy protection was denied to
non-US citizens altogether.
Although the conference as such was limited to privacy in the commercial
context, the debate should also note the major issue of private-sector data
being used for law enforcement and national security purposes without
appropriate safeguards: that was the elephant in the room that no-one
mentioned. From a European perspective, it was essential that privacy in the
USA should be placed on a comprehensive statutory basis that met the
international standards, as enshrined in the only binding global data
protection instrument, Council of Europe Convention No. 108 (currently being
updated). The President's proposals for a Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights
would only result in an acceptable situation if that Bill would become a
binding law, meeting the new Convention standards.
In the second panel, Representative Ed Markey (D-MA)'s speech was revealing:
he presented a good update on the status of the COPPA (Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act) revisions and, as the long-standing co-chair of the
Congressional Privacy Caucus, provided a fascinating historical summary of
the various federal privacy initiatives of recent decades. He highlighted
that in the US people shared the same concerns and values as within EU,
in particular the fundamental principles of knowledge, notice and right to
say "No" to the use of their private info, but something gets lost in
translation from principle to practice. In his opinion, the DP Regulation
can assure a high level of protection and, therefore, is a good example to
follow: US Congress needs to act to protect privacy as a right. Notably, he
insisted on the need to protect 15 years old and younger from behavioural
targeting ads and to create, for this purpose, a safe harbour for children.
He commended Viviane Reding for the strong response to Google new privacy
policy and asked for investigation in the US of Google new privacy policy.
In the third panel, Peter Hustinx, the European Data Protection Supervisor,
had a slightly optimistic message for the US. In outlining his understanding
of the interoperability requirements highlighted in the Joint Statement, he
suggested that an adequacy finding could result from the implementation of
the White Paper, even if it did not result in a comprehensive law, as
adamantly requested by Francoise Le Bail, Director-General for Justice at
the European Commission. Mr. Hustinx emphasized the need for sufficiently
common principles and their binding implementation as far more important
than the specifics of the regulatory regime.
The fourth panel focussed on the enforcement of privacy (and other matters)
by the US Federal Trade Commission, and was thus linked to the fifth panel
which specifically discussed the Safe Harbor. FTC representatives strongly
emphasised their commitment to strong enforcement, and pointed to two recent
agreements with Google and Yahoo. However, David Smith, the UK Deputy
Information Commissioner with primary responsibility for data protection,
said that when he looked at the websites of a small random sample of
companies that said they complied with the Safe Harbor, he found that about
1/3 of them did not even appear to have a privacy statement, another 1/3 had
one but it did not meet the Safe Harbor standards, and the final 1/3 seemed
to have a privacy statement that more or less reflected the Safe Harbor
requirements. Douwe Korff intervened to say that was what he found too, and
said that in spite of the two recent cases (the effects of which still
needed to be seen), the Safe Harbor appeared to be largely a fig leaf behind
which US companies in practice continued to operate contrary to basic
privacy principles. Another intervener, Edward Hasbrouck, pointed out that
the FTC's remit was limited in some important respects, and for instance did
not cover transportation and, thus, airline passenger data.
EU Conference: Privacy and Protection of Personal Data (19.03.2012)
Recorded webcast of the Conference (19.03.2012)
Viviane Reading's speech: Towards a New "Gold Standard" in Data
EU-U.S. joint statement on data protection by European Commission
Vice-President Viviane Reding and U.S. Secretary of Commerce John Bryson
(Thanks to Douwe Korff - EDRi-member FIPR- UK)
3. France: Biometric ID database found unconstitutional
The French Constitutional Council found the law proposing the introduction
of a new biometric ID for French citizens as unconstitutional. The law was
referred to the Constitutional Council on 7 March 2012, by more than 200
members of the French Parliament, a day after the French National Assembly
passed the 10-article law under the pretext of combating "identity fraud".
According to the bill, more than 45 million individuals in France would have
their fingerprints and digitized faces stored in what would be the largest
biometric database in the country. The biometric ID card was to include a
compulsory chip containing personal information, such as fingerprints, a
photograph, home address, height, and eye colour. A second, optional chip
was to be implemented for online authentication and electronic signatures,
to be used for e-government services and e-commerce.
The opposing parliamentarians challenged the compatibility of the bill with
the citizens' fundamental rights including the right to privacy and the
presumption of innocence. In passing the bill, the National Assembly ignored
CNIL's (French Data Protection Authority) report of October
2011 that was criticizing the creation of the centralized biometric
database. It also entirely ignored the general opposition at the European
level. In 2011, EDRi and 80 other civil liberties organizations asked the
Council of Europe to study whether biometrics policies respect the
fundamental rights of every European.
Moreover, previous experiences in France with biometric passports (highly
criticised as well) have proven entirely unreliable with about 10% of the
issued passports having been fraudulently obtained. The bill does not take
into consideration either the position of the European Court of Human Rights
which in 2008 condemned UK for breaching the right to privacy after the
creation of a file including data on all people involved in a crime,
irrespective of their position (victim, witness, suspect or guilty).
On 22 March, the Constitutional Council found unconstitutional four articles
of this law, as well as part of other two articles. The council reminded
that "the collection, registration, preservation, consultation and
communication of personal data have to be justified by a general interest
reason and carried put properly and proportionally".
While the Council found no problem related to the general interest, it
clearly raised the issue of proportionality. "Regarding the nature of the
recorded data, the range of the treatment, the technical characteristics and
conditions of the consultation, the provisions of article 5 touch the
right to privacy in a way that cannot be considered as proportional to the
meant purpose".
The Council also had objections against the creation of the huge biometric
database considering the fact that the National Assembly had authorized the
use of the database by the police for extended purposes from the
identification of an accident victim to finding the authors of law
infringements or crimes.
The confusion in the bill text between an identity document and an
electronic payment means was also sanctioned by the Council. The idea was
that the ID could contain data allowing the owner to apply an electronic
signature in view of electronic transactions. The Council drew the attention
on the fact that the law did not specify the nature of the data and did not
provide any guarantee for the integrity and confidentiality of these data
and considered that the legislator has exceeded its competence in this
matter. In other words, that the government did not really know what they
were talking about.
The new electronic identity card judged as unconstitutional (only in French,
France: Constitutional Council censors the database created to fight the
identity theft (only in French, 23.03.2012)
Decision n0 2012-652 DC on the Law regarding the identity protection (only
in French, 22.03.2012)
"A Time Bomb For Civil Liberties": France Adopts a New Biometric ID Card
4. ICANN will cooperate in taking down websites for copyright infringements
During its 43rd international meeting that took place in San Josi, Costa
Rica between 11 and 16 March 2012, ICANN (the Internet Corporation for
Assigned Names and Numbers) expressed its intention to increase its
cooperation with global law enforcement agencies and governments, to combat
copyright infringements.
There are 22 registries containing domain names registered in a top-level
domain and over 700 registrars accredited by ICANN. During an open session
with the Government Advisory Committee (GAC), the ICANN board confirmed its
intention to meet the expectations included by GAC in a document with 12
recommendations. "There has been some agreement on 11 of the 12
recommendations made by law enforcement authorities to the registrar
accreditation agreement; we will work to ensure agreement meets expectations
and give registrars the incentive to accept recommendations right away,"
said Kurt Pritz, ICANN senior vice president in charge of stakeholder
Thus ICANN, not only isn't taking position against abuses of the domain
system in order to preserve the basic structure and principles of the
Internet, but actually takes part in an increasing tendency of controlling
and censoring the Internet.
One of the12 recommendations was the inclusion of a clause in the
registrars' agreements that would hold them responsible (by negligence) for
registering domains engaging in criminal activities. Another one was for
registrars to keep detailed information of domain buyers, (including their
source IP addresses and transaction information), and to validate the
contact information given by them.
ICANN was also urged to review the compliance of the registrars with
enforcement agreements before renewing their contracts. And ICANN has shown
its willingness to meet the requirement: "Complaints on compliance started
coming in the last six to nine months, a team of 12 is now in place and will
improve the quality of service," said Rod Beckstrom, ICANN CEO and
Furthermore, prior to its meeting, ICANN has even produced a "Thought Paper
on Domain Seizures and Takedowns" which is actually a guide for government
officials on how to seize, takedown and censor websites including sections
such as "guide for preparing domain name orders, seizures & takedowns" and
"checklist of information to submit with a legal or regulatory action."
The paper "offers guidance for anyone who prepares an order that seeks to
seize or take down domain names. Its purpose is to help preparers of legal
or regulatory actions understand what information top level domain name
(TLD) registration providers such as registries and registrars will need to
respond promptly and effectively to a legal or regulatory order or action.
The paper explains how information about a domain name is managed and by
whom," says ICANN about its own paper.
Domain seizures for copyright infringement likely to go global (14.03.2012)
Thought Paper on Domain Seizures and Takedowns (8.03.2012)
Rather Than Speaking Out Against Domain Seizures, ICANN Provides A 'How To'
Manual (12.03.2012)
5. CoE's Internet Governance strategy places emphasis on users' rights
On 15 March 2012, the 47 Council of Europe (CoE) member states adopted
an Internet governance strategy to protect and promote human rights, the
rule of law and pluralistic democracy online.
The strategy, which covers 40 lines of action for the period 2012-2015,
refers to 6 major areas: Internet's openness, the rights of users, data
protection, cybercrime, democracy and culture, and children and young
people. It is meant to identify "challenges and corresponding responses to
enable state and non-state actors together to make the Internet a space
which is inclusive and people-centred" and has in view the international
legal framework, including the human rights law, which is "as a matter of
principle, equally applicable on-line as it is off-line."
The main action lines of the strategy include the maximisation of rights and
freedoms for internet users, developments in data protection and privacy,
the enhancing of the rule of law and an effective co-operation against
cybercrime, the maximisation of the Internet's potential to promote
democracy and cultural diversity and the protection and empowering of
children and youth.
The strategy has in view the development of soft law instruments such as
high-level "framework of understanding and/or commitments" to protect the
"Internet's universality, integrity and openness as a means of safeguarding
freedom of expression regardless of frontiers and Internet freedom,"
protection standards to ensure a free cross-border flow of legal online
content and human rights standards on network neutrality.
Preserving core values such as human rights, democracy and rule of law in
the online environment  is vital in the CoE's opinion as well as the
necessity for citizens to be properly informed in order to use Internet
services responsibly. The strategy has in view that the protection of
personal data and the respect for privacy on the Internet are indispensable.
Another direction considered in the strategy is an increased data collection
through the European Audiovisual Observatory and improved public services
through the Internet so as to better take advantage of the potential of the
Internet for democracy and cultural diversity.
The CoE Convention on data protection ("Convention 108") is also considered
the best available instrument to protect and promote data protection and
therefore, the strategy has in view its modernisation and the strengthening
of its implementation.
"The strategy's adoption is the validation by member states that the CoE's
core values - human rights, rule of law, democracy - for the Internet are a
priority. There is a realisation that the Internet is enabling and affecting
people in many ways, and that there is a need to embrace its influence. The
strategy provides orientation and promotes a holistic and sustainable
approach to the Internet, with people and their rights and freedoms at its
heart. In doing so, it champions multi-stakeholder dialogue as the way
forward for Internet policy making", said Lee Hibbard, Head of the
Information Society Unit in CoE.
Internet Governance - Council of Europe Strategy 2012-2015 (15.03.2012)
Council Of Europe Passes Internet Governance Strategy (15.03.2012)
6. New German court decision on traffic filtering
A Higher Regional Court in Hamburg ruled on 14 March 2012 that the
file-hosting site RapidShare had to proactively filter the files uploaded by
its users. A court's press release stated RapidShare was required to block
its users from uploading a list of 4 000 files allegedly infringing
The present ruling comes to confirm three separate previous rulings by a
lower court in cases brought by German booksellers, book publishers and a
music rights group. "The judgement confirms that Rapidshare must take
effective measures against the use of illegal content on its service," said
a German bookseller's association.
RapidShare's spokesman Daniel Raimer explained that the copyright holders
were leaving out essential details of the court ruling that were actually
quite positive for the site. "There is a possible reason for the rushed
approach, particularly that of the Booksellers Association. In the hearing,
the Higher Regional Court indicated that it would deviate from its former
position under which RapidShare's business model was not tolerated by the
legal system."
The German verdict appears to be in contradiction with a ruling by the
European Court of Justice (ECJ) which ruled in February 2012 in the case
Sabam vs. Netlog that hosting sites could not proactively filter copyrighted
content because that would violate the users' privacy and hinder freedom of
ECJ decided that a national court is precluded from issuing an injunction
against a hosting service provider which requires it to install a filtering
system "capable of identifying electronic files containing musical,
cinematographic or audio-visual work in respect of which the applicant for
the injunction claims to hold intellectual property rights, with a view to
preventing those works from being made available to the public in breach of
copyright" with the purpose to filter information "which is stored on its
servers by its service users; which applies indiscriminately to all of the
users as a preventative measure; exclusively at its expense and for an
unlimited period"
RapidShare has not yet decided whether it would appeal the verdict and is
probably waiting for the written decision to be made public.
Court Orders RapidShare to Filter User Uploads (15.03.2012)
Copyright Illegal Downloads: Higher Regional Court of Hamburg decides duties
for the online storage service "Rapidshare" (only in German, 15.03.2012)
German court orders Rapidshare to filter user uploads (19.03.2012)
ECJ - Judegement Sabam vs Netlog (16.02.2012)
7. Italy: Problematic Internet blocking decision against fraudulent website
The Italian Antitrust Authority (AGCM) has started ordering the blocking
some websites involved in the online sale of fashion products, following
several complaints made by consumers.
It is the first blocking measure ordered by this Authority (enforced through
the collaboration with the antitrust department of the Guardia di Finanza),
which relied on the Consumer Code and e-commerce rules.
In its blocking order, the Authority does not charge the provider with
selling counterfeited products, but for the infringement of rules related to
warranties, delays and delivery conditions..
This decision has been adopted against the company called "Private Outlet,"
which is part of the e-commerce "private club," where members can join for
free and take advantage of special promotions of famous brands fashion
products with high discounts.
AGCM has intervened after several reports of fraudulent behaviour, because
Private Outlet allegedly "spread, through its website, content liable to
mislead consumers about the availability of the products offered for sale":
it has considered the elements collected enough to proceed a preliminary
investigation and to demand the company to suspend any activity.
In order to ensure the efficiency of the measure and ostensibly to offer
better protection for consumers, the Authority ordered the ISPs to
completely block all domains that refer to the Private Outlet network on the
whole Italian territory.
Granted that consumers protection is necessary and that the complaints are
may well be valid, it seems that this kind of measure actually goes far
further beyond what the Italian rules actually mandate.
Firstly, because these rules allow the Authority only to "demand the
provider to prevent or put an end to the committed infringements", secondly,
because the jurisdiction to issue provisional orders against third parties
has always been exercised by the ordinary courts and, finally, because AGCM
has provided these orders without the participation in proceedings of the
subjects required to bear the measures and offer a defence.
We are talking about the exercise of an interlocutory power (which has all
the characteristics of a criminal seizure) that, apparently, the Competition
Authority believes itself to be mandated to exercise: this is contrary to
what has been stated in some decisions of the Court, that have always
attributed this power to the ordinary judicial body.
Moreover, blocking of IP address may not be sufficient to avoid the
perpetuation of fraud (the provider could, for instance, change the address
or even change its name): is it possible that the Authority cannot imagine
more effective and less controversial measures? Measures which restrict
fundamental rights that are not necessary and proportionate and that do not
genuinely meet objectives of general interest are in beach of the European
Convention on Human Rights.
Text of the provision - page. 89 (only in Italian, 12.03.2012)
Vajont.com case (libel slander) - Court's decision declares unlawful the
blocking (only in Italian, 14.03.2012)
Moncler Case (counterfeiting) - Court's decision rescinds the blocking (only
in Italian, 4.11.2011)
(Contribution by Elena Cantello - EDRi intern)
8. ENDitorial: European Parliament defends itself and democracy from ACTA
The decision of this week of the European Parliament not to refer ACTA to
the European Court of Justice was a decision which has ramifications far
beyond the ACTA dossier itself. It is one which will have long-term effects
on the institutional standing of the European Parliament.
The functioning of the EU decision-making process relies on a broadly equal
balance between the three main institutions - the Commission, the Parliament
and the Council (Member States). The European Parliament is the only
directly elected institution. It is therefore particularly important that it
is robust and independent. The less powerful the Parliament is in this
institutional triangle, the less direct influence that citizens can bring to
bear in the preparation of legislation that affects every one of them.
In controversial dossiers, the European Commission and/or the Member States
have often sought to overrule the position (or expected position) of the
European Parliament, exploiting personal or institutional weak points,
pushing the Parliament's democratic scrutiny of the dossier in question to
one side. Instead of judging a proposal on its merits, career ambitions of
individual MEPs or domestic political concerns are the primary factors that
decide the position of the Parliament.
This is what happened with the Data Retention Directive, where the UK
Presidency of the Council essentially bullied the Parliament into
submission. On the basis of the Parliament's scrutiny of the Directive, it
would have been rejected. However, by a mixture of pressure from the UK
Presidency on the Parliament as a whole and the German government on German
MEPs, the Directive was approved. The fact that the Parliament could be
persuaded to abandon its position on a policy on the basis of bullying and
domestic political pressures inflicted damage on the institution that is
still visible today.
In the past few months, the ACTA dossier has become very similar. As the
likelihood of a rejection of the proposed Agreement by the Parliament grew,
the European Commission, with support from Parliamentarians motivated by
other priorities than the defence of the prerogatives of the only
democratically elected EU institution, has sought to use every possible
machination to prevent the Parliament from taking its vote.
The first such tactic was the referral of the dossier to the European Court
of Justice. If this measure was really based on genuine concerns about
ACTA's legality, it would have been done far earlier - and certainly before
the dossier had been handed over to the European Parliament. From that point
on, the question was (and still remains) whether the European Parliament is
strong enough as an institution to defend itself from having its
decision-making process visibly and publicly undermined in this way.
The pro-ACTA lobby in the Parliament has used the Commission's plan for a
Court referral as a basis to undermine the Parliament's decision-making.
Every possible argument and strategy that could be used to prevent
a vote is therefore being brought to bear inside the Parliament to support
the Commission's attempt to circumvent the Parliament's role in the
decision-making process.
The same lobby is even seeking to persuade the Parliament that
it does not have the political right, even if it has the legal right, to
reject the Agreement after years of (untransparent) negotiation. This is why
they argue that rejection would "irrevocably affect Europe's credibility as
a trusted global trade partner". The argument to the Parliament is therefore
"do not use your legal rights. Do not seek to bring democracy into this
process, it will make the EU look bad."
More surprisingly, elements within the Parliament are seeking to undermine
the Parliament. For example, elements of the Parliament's legal service are
arguing that the Parliament's rules of procedure can be understood to say
things they don't say. The ostensibly neutral and non-political lawyers
argue that the Rule of Procedure, which say that the Parliament should
suspend its work if the Parliament itself refers a decision to the Court,
argue that - presumably on the basis that the drafters of the Parliament's
rule were incompetent - the rules meant to say that deliberations should be
suspended if any institution refers a proposal to the Court.
With help from the industry and Commission lobbies, the anti-Parliament
elements in the Parliament generated a whole queue of implausible delaying
tactics on the production line.
Do the rules of procedure of the Parliament say what they do not say? Maybe
the Parliament should delay a vote for over a year to be on the safe side.
Or perhaps this question should be referred to the Constitutional Affairs
Committee to spend a few months reflecting on - with the Parliament
suspending its work in the meantime.
Perhaps the Parliament should produce an interim report, asking for
non-binding undertakings from the Commission and Member States about
implementation of ACTA, thereby wasting another few months.
It is a very positive sign that the European Parliament has decided to
resist the siren calls of the pro-ACTA lobby. It is a positive sign that the
Parliament is showing a new courage to stand up for its democratic role in
the decision-making process. However, there are still numerous possibilities
for delay and even a vote in favour of ACTA's disastrous provisions. The
courage shown this week gives grounds for cautious (and, above all,
non-complacent) optimism.
Full overview of the delay plans
Industry lobbying on ACTA
Mr Wieland sacrifices the Parliament's broader interests (27.03.2012)
European Parliament Rejects Referral Of ACTA To EU High Court (27.03.2012)
Cooperative efforts in ACTA Digital Chapter (2012)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
9. Recommended Action
28 March 2012: Events on the Document Freedom Day
10. Recommended Reading
EDRi Cooperative efforts in ACTA Digital Chapter (03.2012)
ENISA: Study on data collection and storage in the EU
Commission gives up blocking VPN services, but still blocks ToR (26.03.2012)
11. Agenda
29 March 2012, Reykjavmk, Iceland
Reykjavmk Digital Freedoms Conference
30 March - 1 April 2012, Berlin, Germany
Wikimedia Chapters Meeting 2012
13 April 2012, Biefeld, Germany
Big Brother Awards Germany
16-18 April 2012, Cambridge, UK
Cambridge 2012: Innovation and Impact - Openly Collaborating to Enhance
OER12 and the OCW Consortium's Global Conference
25 April 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Finnish Internet Forum
26-28 April 2012, Belgrade, Serbia
SHARE 2 Conference
2-4 May 2012, Berlin, Germany
Re:Publica 2012: ACTION!
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
18-22 June 2012, Samos, Greece
Samos 2012 Summit on Open Data for Governance, Industry and Society
Academic Papers Submission Deadline: 29 April 2012
20-22 June 2012, Paris, France
2012 World Open Educational Resources Congress
2-6 July 2012, Budapest, Hungary
Policies and Practices in Access to Digital Archives: Towards a New
Research and Policy Agenda
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
11-13 July 2012, Vigo, Spain
The 12th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium
(PETS 2012)
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and genetic
Resources Commons.
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Confernece
12. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 28 members based or with offices in 18 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge and
awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips are
most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are visible on
the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in the
EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider making a
private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay. Translations
are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are provided
Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian Association for
Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing or

@_date: 2012-05-09 20:58:16
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.9, 9 May 2012 
EDRi-gram
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.9, 9 May 2012
1. Netherlands - first country in Europe with net neutrality
2. France: Google sent again to court for its search suggestion service
3. Concerns regarding plans for a new EU United Patent Court
4. UK High Court orders ISPs to block The Pirate Bay
5. Portugal: Suing users for copyright infringement does not work
6. Slovakia: Mandatory e-forms work only on software from one vendor
7. ENDitorial: ACTA is not dead
8. Recommended Reading
9. Agenda
10. About
1. Netherlands - first country in Europe with net neutrality
On 8 May 2012, The Netherlands adopted crucial legislation to safeguard
an open and secure internet. It is the first country in Europe to
implement net neutrality into its national law. In addition,
it adopted provisions protecting users against disconnection and
wiretapping by providers. Digital rights movement Bits of Freedom
calls on other countries to follow the Dutch example.
The net neutrality law prohibits internet providers from interfering
with the traffic of their users. The law allows for traffic management
in case of congestion and for network security, as long as these
measures serve the interests of the internet user. A technical error
in the law might still be corrected in a vote on 15 May.
In addition, the law includes an anti-wiretapping provision,
restricting internet providers from using invasive wiretapping
technologies, such as deep packet inspection (DPI). They may only do
so under limited circumstances, or with explicit consent of the user,
which the user may withdraw at any time. The use of DPI gained much
attention when KPN admitted that it had analysed the traffic of its
users to gather information on the use of certain apps. The law allows
for wiretapping with a warrant.
Moreover, the law includes a provision ensuring that internet
providers can only disconnect their users in a very limited set of
circumstances. Internet access is very important for functioning in an
information society, and, presently, providers can, on the basis of
their terms and conditions, disconnect their users for numerous
reasons. The provision allows for the disconnection in the case of
fraud or when a user doesn't pay his bills.
Bits of Freedom, the Dutch digital rights movement which has campaigned
for these provisions, applauds the new law. It considers this a
historical moment for internet freedom in The Netherlands and calls on
other countries to follow the Dutch example.
The provisions are part of the implementation of the European
telecommunications rules. A translation of the provisions is provided
by Bits of Freedom. The translation does not include the technical
error in the law which might be corrected on 15 May.
Netherlands first country in Europe with net neutrality (8.05.2012)
Translations of the Key Dutch Internet Freedom Provisions
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom - Netherlands)
2. France: Google sent again to court for its search suggestion service
Four French associations have decided to take Google to court for its
automatic suggestion of the word bJewb when searching for the names of
several French personalities.
Union des C)tudiants juifs de France (UEJF b union of Jew students of
France), J'accuse!-action internationale pour la justice (AIPJ-
international action for justice), SOS Racisme and Mouvement contre le
rasisme et pour lbamitie entre les peoples (MRAP- the movement against
racism and for the friendship between peoples) consider that Googlebs
feature (called Google Suggest) that suggests the association of the
word bJewb with personalities users look for, may lead to the creation
of probably the largest Jew file in history.
The associations complain about the fact that the image of an
omnipresence of Jews leading France is thus largely shared and
amplified. According to them, by this association, Google infringes the
law preventing the creation of ethnical files. Therefore, based on
article L226-19 of the Penal Code they ask the court to forbid Google
"to store or keep as information memory, without the consent of the
people involved, the personal data which, directly or indirectly, make
the racial or ethnical origin appearb and to forbid the association of
the word bJewb with the names of natural people occurring in Internet
usersb searches.
The Penal Code stipulates a penalty of 5 years of imprisonment and
300 000 Euro fine for the creation of such files. On the other hand, the
French Constitution says that the Republic bassures the equality before
the law of all citizens, irrespective of their origin, race or religionb.
This is not the first time the company is criticised over its Google
Suggests service. In 2010 and 2011, Google France was condemned because
its algorithms suggested expressions considered defamatory or injurious.
But those cases were specific to a certain search or name, and not to
the same keyword being used in various searches.
Google is presently limiting the range of the automatic suggestions by  applying strict rules on pornographic, violent or hate inciting content  and some terms apparently used to search for content that may infringe  copyrights (such as "bittorent"). The measure, which is not detailed in a clear policy, has been heavily criticised for being actually a method to censor the results.
During the hearing that took place on 2 May, the analysis of the
automatic word suggestions was delayed for 23 May in order to give the
associations the time to examine Googlebs arguments in the matter.
Google investigated for the suggestions of its search engine (only in
French, 28.04.2012)
Google investigated for the term "Jew" associated to personalities (only
in French, up-dated 2.05.2012)
3. Concerns regarding plans for a new EU United Patent Court
The EU ministers have recently put up plans to create a United Patent
Court (UPC), a framework that will allow inventors to gain
cost-effective unilateral patent protection across the EU. Within this
framework, the inventors would only have to apply once in order to
obtain patent protection across the 25 countries and countries will be
able to preserve their current court system, but with the power to
remove products from the whole EU market.
British Telecom patent lawyer Simon Roberts warned about the
preservation of the existing systems stating that bifurcated court
systems (separating infringement and validity proceedings) such as the
German one, are unbalanced, favouring patent owners. A product can be
banned from the German market even if the patent is found invalid a year
later. "It is time for the software community to wake up. Ministers are
clueless about the dangers of the EU court agreement, and I am surprised
that top questions like bifurcation has not been fixed. German courts
are now a magnet for patent trolls, and the EU patent court will allow
them to stop products for a market of more than 600 million consumers.
German failed patent system will expand to the whole EU," Stated
Benjamin Henrion, president of the FFII.
In a hearing of the European Commission on the review of the 2004/48/EC
Enforcement of Intellectual Property Directive, John Mitchell from the
SME Innovation Alliance (UK) gave a very interesting presentation on how
the patent system is basically unusable for SMEs and who questioned if
the entire patent system had reached the end of its useful life.
Furthermore, the report of the House of Commons' European Scrutiny
Committee analysing UPC, reveals that small UK firms would face higher
costs for challenging or defending the validity of patents or alleging
or defending patent infringement claims in court. "This complex
structure of the UPC is likely to be far more costly and burdensome for
SMEs than the existing system in the UK," says the report adding that a
"UK SME engaged in cross-border trade may also be required to defend
itself against a pan-European injunction for patent infringement in the
language of the local division chosen by the patentee."
The system is meant to have local, regional and central divisional UPCs.
The UK Committee raised concerns related to the ability of the local and
regional UPCs to separate validity and infringement rulings on the same
patent, where parties choose where to initiate the legal action, based
on where they think they would more likely win. The committee warns over
the possible domination of the market by Germany in patent litigation.
If the German local division finds in favour of a patentee, the
judgement will be valid throughout the EU which will be inconvenient for
small companies having to deal with extra expense related to overseas
proceedings in a foreign language. A transfer from the local German
division of the UPC to the Central Division to avoid bifurcation would
cause additional trouble and expense as well.
The Committee considers it premature to conclude an agreement on the
newly proposed system as several issues should be first cleared up.
"Important open issues include ... the fees payable by the users of the
new system (this again is vital for SMEs), the allocation of costs and
revenues to the participating states (which will play a role in some
statesB4 decision on whether or not to create a local division of the
court which in turn again is of importance for SMEs), the draft
procedural rules, which presently contain more than 400 provisions, will
require an enormous effort to find compromises between the participating
states on fundamental aspects of civil procedure law to ensure a
harmonized, expeditious and appropriate procedure for all type of cases,
and, not least, the amount of recoverable costs that a successful
litigant may claim."
Italy and Spain have objected to the plans and referred the issue to
ECJ. Spain believes that restricting the language regime to English,
French and German is discriminatory and Italy considers the plans are
unlawful and would distort competition.
EU patent plans are a fuel for patent trolls, says British Telecom
Unified patent court proposals would harm small businesses, committee of
MPs report (4.05.2012)
European Scrutiny Committee - Sixty-Fifth Report - The Unified Patent
Court: help or hindrance? (3.05.2012)
4. UK High Court orders ISPs to block The Pirate Bay
The UK High Court has recently decided that The Pirate Bay (TPB) must be
blocked by 5 UK internet service providers. No technical details were
given in the ruling as, according to Mr Justice Arnold, the terms of the
court order (the technical implementation measures) had been agreed to
by the ISPs in question.
In November 2011, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) asked the
group of the big ISPs to voluntarily block access to the site, after a
court order to block Newzbin2 had been issued. At that time, the ISPs
said they would not comply without a court order.
In February this year, the High Court ruled that operators of TPB
website and its users were both guilty of infringing the copyright
of music rights holders. And now, the court order has come, therefore
Sky, Everything Everywhere, TalkTalk, O2 and Virgin Media are compelled
now to prevent the access of users to TPB. BT is still considering its
"As a responsible ISP, Virgin Media complies with court orders addressed
to the company but strongly believes that changing consumer behaviour to
tackle copyright infringement also needs compelling legal alternatives,
such as our agreement with Spotify, to give consumers access to great
content at the right price," was Virgin Mediabs statement to BBC.
Jim Killock, executive director of the EDRi-member Open Rights Group
(ORG), considers the action "pointless and dangerous". "It will fuel
calls for further, wider and even more drastic calls for internet
censorship of many kinds, from pornography to extremism. Internet
censorship is growing in scope and becoming easier. Yet it never has the
effect desired. It simply turns criminals into heroes," said Killock.
ORG has also shown concern over the blocking of TPBbs public blog which
should not have been included in the court order and which is an act of
pure censorship, as there is no question of copyright infringement
there. b...the blocking of websites should not be viewed as a silver
bullet," the ISPA said in a statement adding: "We hope that this
litigation will be followed by the continued development of innovative
fully-licensed online services by rights holders, which is the most
effective way to tackle online copyright infringement."
In the meantime, TPB has stated that any blocking technique may
be overcome by a range of measure, the simplest solution being that of
using a VPN. TPB is also advising people to change their DNS provider
switching to a DNS offered by the likes of OpenDNS and Google.
TPB also told Torrentfreak that the actual result of blocking was
unexpected, with the decisions of the High Court and the news on the
BBC bringing 12 million more users in the next day on TPB.
The Pirate Bay must be blocked by UK ISPs, court rules (30.04.2012)
We don't have to choose between freedom and copyright (3.05.2012)
High Court orders ISPs to block The Pirate Bay (1.05.2012)
Pirate Bay Enjoys 12 Million Traffic Boost, Shares Unblocking Tips
EDRi-gram: Finnish ISP ordered to block The Pirate Bay (2.11.2011)
5. Portugal: Suing users for copyright infringement does not work
In a six-year long case brought by the Portuguese Phonographic
Association (AssociaC'C FonogrC!fica Portuguesa -AFP), the Lisbon
Criminal Court has recently given a ruling condemning a young men to a
2 month suspended jail sentence and a 880 euro fine.
Initially, AFP was after the 17 years old man (in 2006) for allegedly
having shared hundreds of songs online without permission. In the end,
for btechnical and procedural reasonsb, meaning a lack of evidence, the
claims were reduced to three pieces of music.
Although since 2006, AFP has filed more than 40 cases with the Attorney
Generalbs Office, this is just the second case with a favourable result
for the association.
A good thing is that, realizing the uselessness of this type of action,
AFP has decided to give up on the strategy. The bad thing is that it has
decided to start pushing for new legislation. AFP president Eduardo
Simoes believes that the current legal framework cannot deal with online
file-sharing and calls now for the introduction of new legislation,
something similar to the 3-strikes French system.
The Portuguese movie industry has already attempted to stop piracy by
shutting down about 300 sites allegedly offering copyrighted material
without permission.
AFP, which has seen a drop of about 80% of its revenues during the last
decade, has however reached the conclusion that besides piracy and the
economic crisis, a cause of this decline may also be an undeveloped
digital offering and the artistsb growing tendency to self-publish.
Adolescent condemned to prison for illegal music sharing (only in
Portuguese, 23.04.2012)
Youth fined for three pirated pieces of music (only in Portuguese)
Epic 6-Year File-Sharing Case Over Just 3 Songs Comes To An End (30.04.2012)
6. Slovakia: Mandatory e-forms work only on software from one vendor
In Slovakia, a law introduced to reduce red tape has led to injustice.
The state has mandated electronic means as the only way of fulfilling
certain statutory obligations. However the dedicated web solution
excludes some citizens from its use as it is not interoperable and runs
only on the software from one vendor. In the absence of any
non-electronic option, this means that, in fact,  the state prescribed
the use of a certain product from a certain vendor. Who did not own the
copy, had to buy one. A Slovak textile importer has deemed that the
state should not force him to use a particular software programme for
his business and fulfilled its legal obligation on hard copy. Now the
company faces 5600 Euro fines.
The Slovak tax administration has already imposed 12 fines on EURA
Slovakia, s.r.o. which submitted its monthly tax returns on hard copy,
because the use of electronic forms was impossible as the state's web
application worked only on Microsoft's Windows operating system together
with Microsoft Internet Explorer. All other competing operating systems
such as Apple, GNU/Linux, BSDs failed to run the state's application.
The Slovak tax administration has, therefore, precluded citizens who use
competing products from fulfilling their obligations towards the state.
"This situation is absurd. If another public body decides to use an
Apple-only solution for its public services, should then everybody buy
Apple's products just to fulfil this legal obligation? How many
different products should citizens and companies have to buy just to
comply with all the different laws?" asks Martin Husovec, member of the
FSFE Legal, who now assists the Slovak company in appealing the fines
before the court.
State neglected web standards, company now faces EUR 5600 in fines
Executive summary of the EURA case (9.05.2012)
(Thanks to Free Software Foundation Europe)
7. ENDitorial: ACTA is not dead
Next week, the European Parliament's Development Committee (DEVE), the
first of the five Committees responsible for providing opinions on the
proposed ACTA agreement will vote on its draft recommendation.
As of today, it appears more likely than not that the Development
Committee will vote in favour of ACTA. The Parliamentarian leading on
the dossier is Czech Eurosceptic Jan Zahradil. While there is an obvious
attraction for a Eurosceptic to support (ironically following the
European Commission's line very diligently) an EU proposal which is
deeply unpopular and flawed, a byesb vote would come as a big shock to
many observers and risks creating political momentum that could
potentially breathe new life into the allegedly bdeadb proposal. Of
course, a byesb vote can only happen if the Parliamentarians, whose job
is to support policies that defend development, ignore the opinions of
organisations like MC)dicins sans FrontiC(res, ignore the analysis of the
dangers for development described by the German Ministry of Economic
Cooperation and Development and, last but not least, ignore the
political direction agreed in several of the political groups. To
contact Parliamentarians on the DEVE Committee to ask them not to vote
in favour of Mr Zahradil's position, please see the links below.
The dangers of splits in the political groups that have already declared
their opposition to ACTA are best illustrated by the amendments tabled
to the draft Opinion in the Industry Committee (ITRE). There, in line
with the majority of interventions in the Committee discussions, the
Parliamentarian in charge of the dossier, Amelia Andersdotter (Sweden,
Greens/EFA) proposed rejection. However, the Danish Liberal Jens Rohde
(who sat alongside his group leader at the press conference where the
Liberal group's against ACTA was announced) has co-signed an amendment
with the conservative EPP group, in order to delete the recommendation
to reject ACTA. In response to a blog article criticising him for this,
Mr Rhode said that, when preparing an Opinion for another Committee on a
proposal, it was not the role of the Committee to make a recommendation.
He did not explain what the purpose of an Opinion is, if it is not to
express an opinion.
The third Committee working on this dossier is the Legal Affairs
Committee (JURI), where Marielle Gallo (EPP, France) is responsible.
Unsurprisingly, as Ms Gallo is a staunch defender of repressive measures
to support IPR enforcement, her draft report is in favour of ACTA. Her
solution to ACTA's problems is to require the European Commission to
produce annual reports on ACTA's implementation and, where breaches of
fundamental rights are identified, to bimmediatelyb persuade the
European Court of Justice to bring them to an end. And this would be a
good strategy if the European Commission did not have a long history of
failing to respect its reporting obligations (its data retention report
was seven months late), if the Commission had not proposed bvoluntaryb
breaches of European law itself, if the mechanism for the European Court
to immediately end infringements identified by the Commission actually
existed, if ACTA was a purely internal instrument and if one of the
biggest risks to fundamental rights was not from foreign companies
regulating EU freedom of communication.
The Civil Liberties Committee (LIBE) published the draft Opinion from
the MEP responsible Dimitrios Droutsas (Greece, S&D). The Opinion raises
a whole range of dangers for fundamental rights created by ACTA,
strongly implying that ACTA is illegal under EU law. However, Mr
Droutsas appears to prefer to include that conclusion only after the
dossier has been fully debated in the Committee. The Committee will have
a public hearing next Wednesday morning (16 May) with invited experts
from civil society (including EDRi and La Quadrature), the European
Commission, the EDPS and others.
The fifth Committee, the International Trade Committee (INTA), will be
responsible for the final Committee vote, before the dossier is sent to
the Plenary sitting of the European Parliament in July. While the draft
final report by the MEP in charge, David Martin has been published, this
Committee's work on the dossier is at an earlier stage than the others,
as they are supposed to take the other Committee's opinions into account
before finalising their position. Mr Martin's draft recommendation
states that the costs of ACTA outweigh the potential benefits and it
should, therefore, be rejected.
EDRi's Stop ACTA page
MC)dicins sans FrontiC(res
German Ministry position
Danish blog article on Rohde's amendment
Zahradil draft opinion
Andersdotter draft opinion
Gallo draft opinion
Martin draft recommendation
Infographic on the Parliament's procedures for ACTA
Detailed information on the EU's decision-making processes
Members of each Committee:
Legal Affairs:
Civil Liberties:
International Trade:
(contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
8. Recommended Reading
ECJ decision: The functionality of a computer program and the
programming language cannot be protected by copyright (2.05.2012)
The Directive on data protection and law enforcement: A Missed
Opportunity? by Steve Peers, Professor of Law, Law School, University of
Essex (04.2012)
Belgium DPA: Recommendation on Net Neutrality and Deep Packet Inspection
(only in French, 11.04.2012)
(only in Dutch, 11.04.2012)
9. Agenda
14-15 June 2012, Stockholm, Sweden
EuroDIG 2012
18-19 June 2012, Dublin, Ireland
OSCE Dublin Conference on Internet Freedom
18-22 June 2012, Samos, Greece
Samos 2012 Summit on Open Data for Governance, Industry and Society
20-22 June 2012, Paris, France
2012 World Open Educational Resources Congress
24-29 June 2012, Prague, Czech Republic
ICANN 44 meeting
2-6 July 2012, Budapest, Hungary
Policies and Practices in Access to Digital Archives: Towards a New
Research and Policy Agenda
9-10 July 2012, Barcelona, Spain
8th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Challenges and
Opportunities of Online Entertainment
11-13 July 2012, Vigo, Spain
The 12th Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium
(PETS 2012)
25-26 August 2012, Bonn, Germany
Free and Open Source software conference (FrOSCon)
Call for papers by 23 May
6-7 September 2012, Cluj-Napoca, Romania
CONSENT policy conference:
Perceptions, Privacy and Permissions: the role of consent in on-line
Call for papers by 7 June 2012
12-14 September 2012, Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium
Building Institutions for Sustainable Scientific, Cultural and Genetic
Resources Commons.
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Conference
25-28 October 2012, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2012
6-9 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Seventh Annual IGF Meeting: "Internet Governance for Sustainable Human,
Economic and Social Development"
9-11 November 2012, Fulda, Germany
Digitalisierte Gesellschaft - Wege und Irrwege
FIfF Annual Conference in cooperation with Fuldaer Informatik Kollquium
10. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 31 members based or with offices in 19 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-10-24 20:05:46
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.20, 24 October 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.20, 24 October 2012
1. A week with EDRi Brussels
2. Google needs to improve its privacy practices
3. EDRi responds to umteenth public Net Neutrality consultation
4. Turkey: Internet Report on digital rights 2012
5. Google threatens to exclude the French online press from its search
6. Dutch proposal to search and destroy foreign computers
7. Details on German State Trojan programme
8.  Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. A week with EDRi Brussels
Now that EDRi has taken up home in its new office in Brussels, we
thought that it might be interesting to share a brief insight into what
a typical week looks like for us. The truth is that there is no typical
week, they are all wonderfully diverse. But just to give you a small
taste of what it can be like, here is how EDRi's office agenda looked
like last week::
Monday: Following some feverish work over the weekend, the final touches
were put to our response to the consultation on net neutrality from the
European Commission. We also continued our work on our position paper on
the Directive on Collective Rights Management, which is at the start of
the legislative process in the European Parliament.
Tuesday: At lunchtime, our Executive Director took part in a lively
debate organised by the European Telecommunications Networks Operators
association (ETNO) and the GSM Association on the lack of consistency
between the proposed General Data Protection Regulation and the existing
E-Privacy Directive. The event was chaired by the MEP in charge of the
dossier in the Internal Market and Consumer Protection Committee of the
European Parliament (Italian EPP Member, Laura Comi). Other panellists
were the European Data Protection Supervisor, Peter Hustinx, Lars
Kindervater from Deutsche Telekom, Giuseppe Abbamonte from the European
Commission and Cristina Vela from ETNO.
On Tuesday evening, we also took part in an event at the Google office
on activism.
Wednesday: After months of cooperation with EDRi's members, our
bprotectmydata.eub website dedicated to the review of the European Data
Protection framework was launched. The website is the product of months
of deliberation with members and observers, with a lot of the hard work
being done by our current and former interns, particularly Elena
Cantello and Owe Langfeldt.
Our attention then turned to providing a comprehensive analysis of Laura
Comi's draft Data Protection Opinion, which was communicated to the
European Parliament and uploaded to our website today. Despite the
number of concerns we have with the draft, we have already had very
positive and constructive feedback from Ms Comi.
On Wednesday afternoon, we took part in a hearing organised by Bulgarian
Socialist MEP Ivalo Kalfin on the World Conference on International
Telecommunications (WCIT). The other participants were Amelia
Andersdotter (Sweden, Greens/EFA, Pirate Party), Eddy Hertog (European
Commission) and Luigi Gambardella (ETNO).
Thursday: In the morning, EDRi was one of the speakers at an event
organised by the Progressive Group of Socialists and Democrats in the
European Parliament entitled bCopyright: What is broken, how to mend
it.b The meeting was opened by Group President Hannes Swoboda and
Vice-President Sylvie Guillaume. Other speakers included the Institute
for Information Law from the University of Amsterdam, the Association of
European Performers' Organisations, the European Digital Media
Association, Google, Deezer and the European Consumers' Bureau.
On Thursday afternoon, we welcomed a delegation from the Dutch Police
Academy. This is the second year where EDRi has participated in the
European module of the further education programme of the academy. This
year, we discussed the review of the European data protection framework.
Friday: We participated in the European Commission's (DG Connect)
half-day meeting on bcybersecurity from a societal perspectiveb. The
event brought together a small group of cyber-security experts from
around Europe to discuss European Commission funding under the
Horizon2020 research programme in the security field.
Through the week, we continued to receive applications for the post of
bsenior office managerb. This is a post we need to fill in order to
allow our policy staff to focus on policy and to ensure that we can
build on our recent growth to defend citizens' rights online even more
EDRi's new office contacts
EDRi website with comments on draft EU data protection legislation
Net neutrality consultation response
Video of WCIT meeting
Presentation to the copyright event
EDRi job vacancy - Office Manager
Deadline - 6 November 2012
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
2. Google needs to improve its privacy practices
On 16 October 2012, a letter signed by the 27 European Data Protection
Authorities (DPAs) was sent to Google, asking for better privacy
practices of the company, accusing Google of illegality and putting into
question the viability of the companybs operations within the European
legal environment.
Following Googlebs decision to update its privacy policy starting with 1
March 2012 by combining about 60 different policies for its online
services (search, Gmail, YouTube, Google+, and others ) into a single
user privacy agreement, Article 29 Working Party mandated the French DPA
(Commission Nationale de lbInformatique - CNIL) to lead an investigation
into the new  Google privacy policy. CNIL sent two questionnaires to
Google but the company's answers were considered incomplete and
approximate, especially on key issues such as the description of its
personal data processing operations or the precise list of the
product-specific privacy policies merged in the new policy.
Based on CNIL findings, Data Protection authorities have drawn their
common conclusions and made a series of recommendations.
One of the major point of criticism is that  "....Googlebs answers have
not demonstrated that your company endorses the key data protection
principles of purpose limitation, data quality, data minimization,
proportionality and right to object. Indeed, the Privacy policy suggests
the absence of any limit concerning the scope of the collection and the
potential uses of the personal data." The EU DPAs ask Google to publicly
commit to these principles. They also recommend that the company
provides more clear information to its users on the data collected and
purposes of its personal data processing operations,
gives a better control over the combination of data across its numerous
services and modifies its tools so as to avoid excessive data collection.
One example given in CNILbs findings is related to credit card
information: "Confidentiality rules do not make difference in treatment
between a trivial content search and the number of credit card or
telephone user. All these data can be used interchangeably for all the
purposes mentioned in rules."
The DPAs recommend that Google reinforces the users' consent to the
combination of data for the purposes of service improvements,
development of new services, advertising and analytics, by letting users
choose when their data are combined. Google should have a legal basis to
perform data combination of these purposes and data collection must also
remain proportionate to the purposes pursued. For the present, for some
of these purposes, the processing is not based on
consent, Google's legitimate interests, or on the performance of a
contract. Moreover, Google refused to provide retention periods for the
personal data it processes.
Google was given three to four months to comply with the recommendations
or face sanctions.
Letter from 27 European DPAs to Google (16.10.2012)
Appendix - Google Privacy Policy - Main Findings and Recommendations
Google's new privacy policy: incomplete information and uncontrolled
combination of data across services (16.10.2012)
European Data Regulators Slam Google Over Privacy Policy: bToo Largeb
And Users Need More Control (But Not Illegal) (16.10.2012)
Europe to Google: respect our laws or face the consequences (16.10.2012)
3. EDRi responds to umteenth public Net Neutrality consultation
This might sound like a running gag, but on 15 October 2012 EDRi
submitted its umteenth response to the European Commission's umteenth
consultation on net neutrality, traffic management, transparency and
switching. As explained in the previous EDRi-gram, this is now the sixth
consultation since Commissioner Neelie Kroes took office as the European
Commissioner for the digital agenda.
This new consultation elegantly ignores the European Parliament's
resolution from last year in which it asked the Commission to present,
within six months of the publication of BEREC's findings (29 May 2012),
its views on "whether further regulatory measures are needed in order to
ensure freedom of expression, freedom of access to information, freedom
of choice for consumers, and media pluralism, to achieve effective
competition and innovation." Since then, Commissioner Kroes not only
received evidence from BEREC that network operators are indeed
implementing blocking, degrading and the throttling of services,
applications and content everywhere in Europe, she also managed to
ignore the evidence gathered by the respectmynet.eu platform and
displayed on netneutralitymap.org.
It was therefore no surprise that answering the Commission's
questionnaire was quite a challenge: Some of the questions made us worry
that the Commission had somehow forgotten how the internet works, while
some others clearly suggested that the Commission has since long given
up on its initial commitment to net neutrality. For instance, the
questionnaire started with a brief introduction to traffic management in
which the Commission stated that btraffic managementb is ba wide range
of technical practicesb and concluded that they can all be treated as if
they were just one phenomenon, which is bab legitimate tool. In our view
however, if the Commission believes that anti-competitive traffic
management is, from a policy perspective identical to undertaking an
urgent security measure then its competence to be running the
consultation needs to be called into question. In addition, it was
rather shocking to learn that the Commission is apparently not familiar
with the European Data Protection Supervisor's opinion on net
neutrality, traffic management and the protection of privacy in which he
clearly warns that deep packet inspection (DPI) techniques have serious
implications in terms of privacy and data protection. Lack of awareness
of the EDPS opinion is the only explanation we can imagine for question
number 10 of the consultation: "Are there any privacy risks arising from
the use of DPI for traffic management purposes?" We cannot find any
charitable explanation for the question "Are there alternative
techniques for traffic management that do not involve deep packet
As we already explained in our response to a previous consultation on
net neutrality and transparency, it is false and dangerous to assume
that transparency and switching are major tools to achieve the
regulatory objective of maintaining an open and competitive Internet. We
have demonstrated that transparency policies do not provide all the
necessary guarantees for a neutral and competitive Internet - which
implies the necessity to support immediate regulation and to promote net
neutrality as an objective for regulatory authorities.
In view of the evidence the Commission's reaction of obfuscation, delay
and distraction is simply incomprehensible.
EDRi's response to the net neutrality questionnaire (15.10.2012)
European Parliament resolution on Net neutrality (17.11.2011)
European Data Protection Supervisor's opinion on net neutrality, traffic
management and the protection of privacy (7.11.2011)
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
4. Turkey: Internet Report on digital rights 2012
On 28 September 2012, the Turkish Internet Report 2012 was issued by
EDRi observer Alternative Informatics Association showing a worrying
tendency of Internet censorship and control from Turkish authorities.
According to the report, more and more case have been filed against
citizens for sharing "illegal content" on social networks. Such sharing
on social networks started to be taken as bevidenceb for criminal
charges such as membership of a terrorist organization and insults to
bvalues and beliefsb. Astronomic penalties are demanded for very young
detainees on the grounds that they make propaganda on social networks.
While some States call bhacktivistb groups like Anonymous and LulzSec a
bcyber threatb in a pre-cautious manner, Red Hack, which is a group of
the same kind, is declared to be a bterroristb organization in a legally
disputable way. Moreover, according to some news, a prosecution is
likely to be started against several people following Red Hack on
Twitter for they are said to be the bsympathizers of a terrorist
organizationb. Social media sharing is turned into an offence by the new
university discipline legislation; people are being arrested for the
things they have posted or shared on social networks.
On 8 September 2012, turk.internet.com  declared that the Ministry of
Health blacklisted about 200 websites because they misinform the public
on some health problems such as losing weight, heart diseases and
diabetics. The Ministry of Health established cooperation with the High
Council for Telecommunication (TIB) for filtering throughout this
process. Following this, it was announced on 14 September 2012 that the
websites in question that cover some news portals, announcements,
promotion campaigns and various digital equipment had been filtered as
their content was harmful. However, this process, which poses a threat
to the circulation of information and the freedom of expression, also
proves that the public is unaware of the technical difference between
blocking and filtering a website.
TTNET, which owns the Internet backbone in Turkey and is the biggest
Internet Service Provider (ISP) of the country, signed a business
agreement in 2012 with the company called PHORM. After the experience of
UK market, Phorm built an interface in which the userbs permission is
asked. However, the system and the interface are still tricky. When the
browser is closed without declining, the system opts-in the user as a
lame website trick. Right after the beginning of the online campaign on
Enphormasyon.org, Phormbs staff in Turkey began PR
activities. On the other hand, TTNET that is responsible to its
subscribers for providing continuous connection to the Internet and
having been redirecting the users to the Phormbs site, has remained
silent since 18 September 2012. Alternative Informatics Association has
called the Information and Communications Technologies Authority (ICTA)
for inspecting the system of Phorm and made an official complaint to the
prosecution office on 17 October 2012.
Some recent cases in Turkey have also proven that such events accelerate
the production and circulation of hate speech online. The control on the
social networks through the instant access denial is justified with
sharing on social media. Particularly the Prime Ministerbs statement
that bThere must be regulations against Islam-phobia in Muslim
countriesb ignores the hate speech in different areas (political hate
speech, hate speech against women, foreigners, immigrants, sexual
identity, belief and sect- oriented hate speech). Given that even the
existing laws are not completely and properly applied, is very difficult
if not impossible to prevent hate speech through laws. From this
perspective, Internet users must be very well informed about hate speech
as well as the limits of democracy and freedom of expression. There is
also a need to carry out educational activities in this field.
bSafe Internetb, which is a filtering application, was carried into
effect on 22 November 2011 by ICTA. This filtering is composed of
family&child filtering and standard user options and the filtering words
designated by ICTA are sent to all ISPs. Therefore, the words and
websites to which access is prohibited/denied are determined by the
State itself. Moreover, the application is not transparent at all. It
narrows the freedom of expression and imposes one single family/child
projection on the citizens. Protection of children and family cannot be
a justification for the Statebs censorship. The filters in question can
absolutely not offer a solution to safety issues. Safe Internet use can
be ensured not with filters but through digital literacy. Among the OSCE
countries, the only country that allows central filtering is,
unfortunately, Turkey.
Based on Engelliweb.com information, currently access to 20 792 websites
is blocked in Turkey.
What has happened on the Internet in Turkey in 2012? bProgress
200 websites blocked by the Ministry of Health (only in Turkish, 21.09.2012)
To the attention of all internet users and citizens!...(on PHORM in Turkey)
Complaint against Phorm (only in Turkish)
Using Social Media for Hate Speech is not Freedom of Expression!
Disabled web: Number of blocked websites in Turkey by category (only in
EDRi-gram: Turkish plans to use IDs for accessing the Internet (10.10.2012)
(Contribution by TuDrul Comu - EDRi observer Alternative Informatics
Association - Turkey)
5. Google threatens to exclude the French online press from its search
GESTE, a French group of online editors, has been trying for a few years
now to get part of Googlebs revenues generated by its news service with
indexed titles.
"Google has developed on our contentb said Corinne Denis, President of
GESTE who also stated for C	dition MultimC)di bWe have been discussing
with them for years on this topic. And if they have kept their promise
to never sell advertising on Google News, by including the news on their
search engine, they have cleverly avoided the obstacleb.
Therefore GESTE supports a new draft law, so-called blex Googleb
(already presented in the last EDRi-gram), that may introduce a fee on
hypertext links. A bfair remunerationb would be introduced through a fee
applied on hypertext links. The draft law also introduces a three-year
prison and a 300 000 Euro fine for reproducing or making available ball
or part ofb press contents, without authorisation.
Facing the perspective of a fee imposed on hyperlinks, Google threatens
with excluding the French online press from its searching index. The
company believes it has already done enough by bringing traffic to the
sites it references.
Google stated that what the draft law was meant for, was actually to
interdict unpaid referencing. bAccording to the draft text that has been
circulated since September, a new related right is to be created for a
5-year exclusive period, that would make mandatory the previous
authorisation of press bodies for bany reproduction, making available
for the public for sale, the exchange or communication to the public,
online included, of all or a part of the press contents edited under
their responsibilityb.b
Last year, Google already excluded several Belgium newspapers from its
index following a court decision taken a few months before. The
situation was however resolved after a off-court settlement between the
parties involved.
Google threatens to ban the French press from its searching engine (only
in French, 18.10.2012)
For GESTE, Google is not a milk cow but it still has to pay (only in
French, 13.10.2012)
The facts about our position on |French copyright proposals (18.10.2012)
The damaging effects of a draft law meant to interdict unpaid references
of press articles in France (only in French, 10.1012)
EDRi-gram: Ancillary copyright madness in Germany and France (26.09.2012)
6. Dutch proposal to search and destroy foreign computers
On 15 October 2012, the Dutch Ministry of Justice and Security proposed
powers for the police to break into computers, install spyware, search
computers and destroy data. These powers would extend to computers
located outside the Netherlands. EDRi member Bits of Freedom warns for
the unacceptable risks to cybersecurity and calls on other countries to
strongly oppose the proposal.
The proposal would grant powers to the Dutch police to break into
computers, as well as mobile phones, via the internet in order to:
- install spyware, allowing the police to overtake the computer;
- search data on the computer, including data on computers located in
other countries; and
- destroy data on the computer, including data on computers located in
other countries.
If the location of the computer cannot be determined, for example in the
case of Tor-hidden services, the police is not required to submit a
request for legal assistance to another country before breaking in.
Under the current text, it is uncertain whether a legal assistance
request would be legally required, or merely preferred, if the location
of the computer is known. The exercise of these powers requires a
warrant from a Dutch court.
This proposal poses unacceptable risks. If the Dutch government gets the
power to break into foreign computers, this gives other governments the
basis to break into Dutch computers which infringe the laws of their
country. The end result could be less security for all computer users,
instead of more. This is even more true with regard to the power to
destroy data on foreign computers; it is likely that other governments
would be very interested in using such a power against Dutch interests.
Furthermore, providing the government the power to break into computers
provides a perverse incentive to keep information security weak.
Millions of computers could remain badly secured because the government
does not have an incentive to publish vulnerabilities quickly because it
needs to exploit these vulnerabilities for enforcement purposes.
In addition, spyware is difficult to control. Research from the
EDRi member Chaos Computer Club demonstrates that, even though spyware
from the German police was intended to be used to intercept only Skype
calls, it could in practice be extended to take over the entire
computer. In addition, the spyware itself could be remotely hacked by
criminals as well, allowing them to take over the computer of a suspect.
The risks above do not even touch on the privacy-issues yet. Breaking
into a computer infringes the privacy not only of the suspect, but of
all non-suspects whose data is also on the computer. And, somewhat
related to this, the value of evidence gathered via these methods is at
the least less obvious and will be harder to assess in court. The
digital nature of the investigation makes it harder to prove that
evidence was not fabricated or perhaps destroyed by the police.
A legislative text implementing the highly controversial proposal will
be introduced to the Parliament in the coming months. The law does not
only concern the Netherlands: it concerns all countries whose
IT-infrastructure may be affected. Bits of Freedom therefore calls on
other countries to oppose the proposal. Laws like these make the
internet a more dangerous place.
Dutch Proposal (only in Dutch, 15.10.2012)
CCC research on German police spyware (only in German, 26.10.2011)
EDRi-gram: German police accused of using a Trojan backdoor for
interceptions (19.10.2011)
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi member Bits of Freedom - Netherlands)
7. Details on German State Trojan programme
Some documents spotted by the Annalist blog that were issued by the
German Government in July 2012, within a parliamentary enquiry about
expenditures by the German Federal Ministry of the Interior, clearly
show more details about what was revealed a year ago by EDRi member CCC
(Chaos Computer Club) - that the German police has been spying and
monitoring Skype, Google Mail, MSN Hotmail, Yahoo Mail and Facebook
communications. The tool used by the police is a Trojan programme
created by Digitask company, the so-called bStaatstrojanerb.
The German law allows the police to use data interception tools on
computers for eavesdropping, but the Constitutional Court has introduced
certain limitations interdicting the use of such tools to access private
data or take control of a suspectbs computer. In 2011, the Ministry of
Justice promised to give up the initial Trojan virus and have new
software created internally: bThe software by DigiTask GmbH that was
used in the past for computer surveillance (lawful interception) is not
currently being used by federal public authorities any more. The
software that will be used for computer surveillance will be developed
by a competence centre established within the Federal Criminal Police
Office. It will be safeguarded that the source code will be audited
regarding its range of functions by qualified experts. It will also be
accessible for the relevant authorities for data protection (among
others the Federal Commissioner for Data Protection).b
But the recent governmental expenditure documents show also that the
German Government is far from being able to produce software for lawful
interception that complies with the decision of the Federal
Constitutional Court.
bThe development of software by the Federal Criminal Office is
presumably going to take months if not years. We may even have to
ruefully admit that we lack the capability completely,b stated the
spokesman on domestic policy of the Conservative Party.
In France as well, since Loppsi2 legislation has come into force in
2011, the police is allowed to place spyware on the computers of people
suspected by various crimes. This surveillance is however carried out
under the authority of a judge who needs to explain why its usage was
needed in that respective case.
Hacker News Puzzle (17.10.2012)
One year later:German police unable to develop bstate trojanb  (12.10.2012)
German police monitors Skype, GoogleMail and Facebook chats (3.10.2012)
German Gov't Inadvertently Reveals Police Monitor Gmail, Skype, Facebook
& Use Snooping Malware (10.10.2012)
German police spyware is also targeting Skype, Gmail, Facebook...(only
in French, 10.10.2012)
8. Recommended Action
Islands of Resilience Comparative Model for Energy, Connectivity and
Jurisdiction Realizing European ICT possibilities through a case study
of Iceland
Request for comments will remain open until 1 November 2012
9. Recommended Reading
EuroISPA reacts on the controversial CleanIT Project (23.10.2012)
Article 29 Working Party - Opinion 08/2012 providing further input on
the data protection reform discussions (5.10.2012)
Neelie Kroes Vice-President of the European Commission responsible for
the Digital Agenda Online privacy and online business: An update on Do
Not Track The Centre for European Policy Studies (CEPS)/Brussels
Slovakia Adopts FOI Act Amendments on Re-use (22.10.2012)
10. Agenda
25-28 October 2012, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2012
3-4 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Best Bits b a strategic gathering of NGOs around Internet governance and
Internet principles
6-9 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Seventh Annual IGF Meeting: "Internet Governance for Sustainable Human,
Economic and Social Development"
9-11 November 2012, Fulda, Germany
Digitalisierte Gesellschaft - Wege und Irrwege
FIfF Annual Conference in cooperation with Fuldaer Informatik Kollquium
29-30 November 2012, Brussels, Belgium
For Your Eyes Only: Privacy, Empowerment and Technology in the context
of Social Networks
4 December 2012, Brussels, Belgium
3rd Annual European Data Protection and Privacy Conference
27-30 December 2012, Hamburg, Germany
29C3 - Chaos Communication Congress
23-25 January 2013, Brussels, Belgium
CPDP 2013 Conference - Reloading data protection
CfP by 2 November 2012
21-22 March 2013, Malta
Online Privacy: Consenting to your Future
CfP by 3 December 2012
6-8 May 2013, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2013
31 July b 4 August 2013, Geestmerambacht, Netherlands
Observe. Hack. Make. - OHM2013
11. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-gram.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-09-12 19:29:45
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.17, 12 September 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.17, 12 September 2012
1. Belarusian authorities harass online opposition groups
2. Spanish website gets back seized domain names. After 18 months.
3. Russia: Old and new in online censorship
4. Unitary patent brings back the software patents debate
5. EDRi on child protection policy
6. EDPS opinion on the EU database for asylum seekers
7. ENDItorial:CET(A)CTA bCriminal sanctions provisions broadly identical
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. Belarusian authorities harass online opposition groups
As elections in Belarus approach, independent or pro-opposition
journalists and Internet users are harassed by the Belarusian
authorities, pressured and even put to jail.
"The call for an election boycott by some opposition figures has joined
the long list of subjects that are off limits. Those who mention the
boycott, such as opposition groups on social networks, are immediately
sanctioned. It is illusory to talk of free elections in such a media
environment," stated Reporters Without Borders.
As reported by the human rights group Viasna on 31 August, the mobile
phone company BelCel blocked access to the pro-opposition news websites
Charter97 and BelPartizan.
The State Security Committee arrested a series of moderators of online
communities who were interrogated and beaten, their apartments were
searched and their laptops confiscated. Pavel Yeutsikhiyeu, one of the
moderators of the "Webve had enough of this Lukashenkob group on the
Russian social network VKontake, was sentenced by Minskbs Kastrychnitski
district court on 31 August to five days in prison on a charge of
disturbing public order and Andrey Tkachou, the administrator of the
Only SHOS group, was sentenced to seven days in prison on the same
charge. The authorities also hacked into two online discussions groups
obtaining the names of their presumed moderators and administrators and
removed much of the content of these groups. The group bWebve had enough
of this Lukashenkob is now controlled by the State Security Committee
after having been hacked, deleted and restored. The secret services do
not delete information from the community, but publish libel against
group's administrators.
Also OSCE has again showed deep concern over the situation in Belarus.
bI have repeatedly called on Belarusian authorities to stop persecuting
journalists and bloggers. Unfortunately, recent detentions and searches
in Minsk and elsewhere in the country show continued efforts to muzzle
dissenting voices and clamp down on freedom of expression online,b said
the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media, Dunja Mijatovic who
added:  bThe Belarusian authorities are using such charges to control
the media and Internet communities. The detentions are a strike against
freedom of expression and contravene OSCE commitments which Belarus has
pledged to uphold.b
Opposition journalists and cyber-dissidents hounded in run-up to
election (3.09.2012)
OSCE Press Release - OSCE media freedom representative concerned by
arrest of social media activists in Belarus (4.09.2012)
KGB continues crackdown on social network groups (4.09.2012)
Crackdown on social networks: interrogations, searches, arrests (31.08.2012)
2. Spanish website gets back seized domain names. After 18 months.
After one year and a half battle with the US authorities, the sports
streaming and download Spanish site Rojadirecta has succeeded in winning
back its domain names, after the authorities dropped the lawsuit against
it on 29 August 2012.
The .org and .com domains of Rojadirecta were seized in January 2011 as
part of operation bOperation In Our Sitesb, on a very questionable basis
of intellectual property rights violation, and without any court order.
The site had already been considered as legally operating in Spain by
two Spanish courts.
After the seizure, Rojadirecta continued its operation as usual under
.es and .me domains and decided to fight back and sued the US
government.  bWe immediately initiated talks with the government,
through our legal representatives in San Francisco and New York, in
order to obtain the return of (our domains). Since it was impossible at
that stage to recover domains amicably, we filed a complaint against the
Government, the Department of Homeland Security and the Immigration and
Customs Enforcement agency of the United States of America,b said
Rojadirectabs  owner, the Spanish company Puerto 80.
This is not the first case of this type. In 2010 music blog Dajaz1 had
its domain name seized which was returned after more than 12 months. It
turned out that the seizure, initiated by the RIAA, was a mistake.
The concern is that the US government may repeat such abuses without any
consequence for them. bI expect that we may see a few more such cases as
well. Unfortunately, though, we may not get a clear legal ruling telling
the government it can't do this b meaning that they'll be free to
continue to abuse their powers in such a manner going forward,b stated
Mark Lemley from Puerto 80 legal team.
U.S. Returns Seized Domains to Streaming Links Site (After 18 Months)
Oops: After Seizing & Censoring Rojadirecta For 18 Months, Feds Give Up
& Drop Case (29.08.2012)
The U.S. Government withdraws complaint against the Rojadirecta domains
and the Court orders their return (up-dated 5.09.2012)
Rojadirecta wins the fight with the USA Government and recovers its
domains (only in Spanish, 30.08.2012)
EDRi-gram: Spanish sports streaming domain seized by US authorities
without warning (9.02.2011)
3. Russia: Old and new in online censorship
A new Russian law intended to protect minors from bharmfulb content
entered into force on 1 September 2012 bringing forth confusion and, at
the same time, hilarious and even dangerous results.
"The lawbs vagueness and inconsistencies render its repressive
provisions even more threatening and are encouraging journalists to
censor themselves. The vague definition of bharmful contentb leaves too
much room for interpretation and increases the probability of
overblocking. As defined, the requirement to put age ban labels on
content is absurd and dangerous. On the grounds of protecting minors,
this law is likely to place serious obstacles on the mediabs ability to
provide the public with general news coverage. We urge parliament to
clarify this law and to strike out those provisions that violate the
constitution and international agreements that Russia has ratified,"
stated Reporters Without Borders said.
Under the final version of the law, the media must prevent children from
seeing content that contains violence, sex or rude words or content
encouraging them to smoke or drink alcohol. Vladimir Pikov, the
spokesman of Roskomnadzor (the Federal Service for Supervision in the
Sphere of Telecom, Information Technologies and Mass Communications),
said on 29 August 2012 that, with the exception of news agencies, all
online media had to place age bans on their content. Moreover, Pikov
stated that when it was complicated to place a ban label to individual
articles, then the entire website had to be labelled.
This has led to cases when online media representatives decided to label
their entire site in order to avoid any risk.
A Russian channel will censor bThe Simpsonsb cartoon series banning
scenes of violence, drinking, and smoking before 11 pm.  bUnder the new
law we cannot show bThe Itchy & Scratchy Showb from bThe Simpsonsb
before 11 pmb, said general director Lev Makarov.
Moreover, the majority party of the Russian Parliament has announced the
intention to introduce new amendments to the libel law to find and
punish those posting anonymous insults on the Internet.
Russia amended the law on libel during this spring adding harsh new
administrative punishments for defamation. In October 2011, the Upper
House Commission for Development of Civil Society approved a draft law
"Against Internet Extremism," suggesting all postings on the Internet
are public and thus, Internet libel would be punished with sentences of
up to five years in prison just as the mass-media libel.
bThe law already includes the norms providing responsibility for
journalists b both the media companies and authors. But what shall we do
if some anonymous user makes insulting statements? We will consider the
questions connected with legislation improvement in this direction so
that anonymity no longer gives such people the illusion of impunity,b
said deputy speaker of the Lower House and member of the Culture
Committee Sergey Zheleznyak.
This new amendment will allow police officers to find the identity of
anonymous libels and, according to Zheleznyak, it will apply to Internet
users, not just journalists.
Major threat to news coverage from law "protecting minors" online
Russia To Censor bSouth Parkb and bThe Simpsonsb (30.08.2012)
United Russia mulls amendments to track anonymous Internet slanderers
4. Unitary patent brings back the software patents debate
The Committee on Legal Affairs (JURI) of the European Parliament is
preparing these days in view of the discussion on unitary patent on
17 and 18 September 2012. The issue of interest is whether these
discussions will bring back the return of software patents as it seems
to be the case, having in view the recent patent wars in the US (like
that of Apple against Samsung). There is also the threat of letting
companies monopolise the market thus preventing innovation and the
introduction of new products.
Several groups, like April and FSFE, call for a general mobilisation to
contact all MEPs, so that the European Parliament finally tackles the
issue of the software patentability.
"Software patents are a real scourge for companies and software
developers. They do not contribute to innovation whatsoever, but prevent
us from developing new products while exposing us to ever increasing
legal uncertainty," stated GC)rald SC)drati-Dinet, April's patent advisor.
Although European laws prohibit software patents, the European Patent
Office (EPO) has been trying for years to legalize software patents and,
under the new proposal to be discussed, the power and control on the law
on patentability would be left to an organisation, without any
democratic control or the opinion to go before an independent court.
Under the current proposal, the EPO has the right to award a patent,
but also takes the final decision on whether it remains valid when
someone complains, while the final court to decide on patent complaints
should be the European Court of Justice which has already warned that
the current proposal is incompatible with EU laws. The patent system
should be politically controlled by the European Parliament and should
benefit of proper checks and balances.
Ideally, the European Parliament must ensure that computer programs are
excluded from patentability, making clear that they cannot be patented
just because they run on generic data processing hardware.
I call!
General mobilisation against the return of software patents in Europe
No patents on software: Unitary patent threatens innovation in Europe
EU: the unitary patent (5.09.2012)
5. EDRi on child protection policy
The interests of children should be put first, even if that means
allowing them to learn and adapt to online risks
An unseen threat is the scariest threat of all. An unseen threat to our
children provokes our most basic protective instincts, which is exactly
as it should be.
The internet is a public space and it is as safe or dangerous to allow a
child to wander in its various neighbourhoods as for them to wander
through any city. The challenge is to fight the temptation to be
over-protective and instead allow our societybs children and young
people to develop into responsible adults.
Panic and assumptions lead to policies that are counterproductive.
Effective child protection measures are those based on facts and not
fear. The European commission has sought the facts, financing truly
impressive research on which solid policy can be based. The European
Unionbs kids online research project on the experience of European
children online is excellent, setting global standards for both scope
and quality.
Bizarrely, however, the commissionbs recent communication on a bEuropean
strategy for a better internet for childrenb only briefly references
this research. Instead, it is pushing internet companies to adopt
unspecified voluntary measures that will not be subject to the rigours
of democratic decision-making, will not be based on research and risk
being either useless or, even worse, counterproductive.
The threat of the implementation of bad policies as a result on
over-reliance on industry bsolutionsb is very real. For example, it
would seem logical for internet providers to offer strong internet
filtering to protect children. The public relations value of such a
service is tempting. However, research from the UK office for standards
in education indicates that students are safest when they are not using
strongly filtered internet connections. Instead, children gain better
knowledge, awareness and security by using open services, which allow
them to learn about, confront and adapt to risk.
The commission has been funding child abuse image (child pornography)
prevention hotlines for several years. On the basis of direct or
indirect reports from these hotlines, internet providers in many EU
countries voluntarily remove images or sites from their services. The
commission is now demanding a quicker takedown of such images. However,
despite funding the hotlines, the commission can produce no statistics
as regards how fast sites are removed in each EU member state, nor on
the causes of delays. In other words, the commission is asking for an
unspecified improvement on an unknown baseline value that it is unable
to make available. This is simply not good enough.
Worse still, the commission cannot produce any reliable data on the
number of prosecutions b or even investigations. Criminal activity must
be treated more seriously than this.
It is difficult to understand the basis of the commissionbs apparent
belief that companies instinctively know what is in the best interests
of children and society and will put these interests ahead of their own
profits. Companies frequently have conflicts between their own interest
and that of the public. It is unwise and inappropriate to devolve
policy-making to them on such an important issue. Children deserve
better, a policy for child protection must be based on evidence and not
the public relations needs of parts of industry or even of the
commission itself.
If any policy area deserved to be treated with more diligence, it is
this one. We need European leadership on this issue, not facile nonsense
about corporations regulating children, free speech and our digital
Article published in TheParliament.com (7.09.2012)
(Article by Joe McNamee - Executive Director of European Digital Rights
6. EDPS opinion on the EU database for asylum seekers
On 5 September 2012, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS)
issued his opinion on the amended Commission proposal for a Regulation
of the European Parliament and of the Council on the establishment of
EURODAC database for the comparison of the fingerprints of asylum seekers.
EURODAC was established by an EC regulation on 11 December 2000
concerning the establishment of a database for the comparison of the
fingerprints of asylum seekers for the effective application of the
Dublin Convention. On 30 May 2012, the Commission adopted a proposal
concerning a modification of the EURODAC Regulation that also provides
access to EURODAC data for law enforcement purposes by Member
States' law enforcement authorities and Europol. Peter Hustinx, EDPS,
stated in his opinion that while the availability of a database with
fingerprints could be a useful additional tool in combating crime, this
new amendment represents "a serious intrusion into the rights of a
vulnerable group of people in need of protection."
"Just because the data has already been collected, it should not be used
for another purpose which may have a far-reaching negative impact on the
lives of individuals," said Peter Hustinx who added that such an
intrusion risking the stigmatisation of individuals should have a strong
justification and that the Commission has not bprovided sufficient
reason why asylum seekers should be singled out for such treatment."
Hustinx asked the Commission to provide solid evidence and reliable
statistics for the need to access EURODAC data and added that in case
such a need is supported by evidence, the access to the database should
be subject to strict, appropriate safeguards.
The EDPS also recommended that the access to the data by law enforcement
entities should also be subject to bspecific and clearly defined
criteria such as a substantiated suspicion that the perpetrator of a
terrorist or other serious criminal offence has applied for asylumb and
that the request for access for law enforcement purposes should be
verified by an independent authority or, preferably, submitted for prior
judicial authorisation.
Other recommendations are that the proposal should clearly emphasize
that the transfer to third data is prohibited, that it should specify
more clearly the rules on retention or deletion of data and that it
should include an improvement of the provisions on data security.
Among the conditions for access, the EDPS included the consultation of
the Visa Information System, the existence of a substantiated suspicion
that the perpetrator of a terrorist or other serious criminal offences
has applied for asylum and the bsubstantial contribution for law
enforcement purposes and clarifying what is understood by reasonable
groundsb
Privacy czar: Civil rights at stake in asylum database proposal (6.09.2012)
EDPS Press Release - EURODAC: erosion of fundamental rights creeps along
Opinion of the European Data Protection Supervisor on the amended
proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council
on the establishment of "EURODAC" (5.09.2012)
7.ENDItorial:CET(A)CTA b Criminal sanctions provisions broadly identical
Towards the end of July 2012, a rather strange and surprising e-mail was
sent from the General Secretariat of the Council of the European Union
to the Member States and the European Commission. The e-mail explained
that the criminal sanctions provisions of the draft EU/Canada trade
agreement are modelled on those in ACTA. This, the General Secretariat
of the Council worries, presents a problem as, on the one hand, the
conclusion and implementation of CETA are a declared priority of the
Union while, on the other, the European Parliament will need to be asked
to approve the final text of the Agreement.
Member States told EDRi were baffled by the e-mail. On the one hand,
after all the controversy surrounding ACTA, they could not understand
why such a blunt e-mail was sent in the first place. After all of the
leaks surrounding ACTA, a more subtle message would have been logical.
Secondly, after the adoption of the Lisbon Treaty, the task of
coordinating such policies is now the responsibility of the Commission,
so it was not clear why the Council took it upon itself to even ask the
Member States are not the only ones that are somewhat surprised by the
Council's e-mail b the European Commission told the press only two weeks
previously bthat language being negotiated on CETA regarding Internet is
now totally different from ACTA.b Has the Council been given the wrong
draft of CETA? This seems like the only possible explanation. After
everything that happened with ACTA, it hardly seems possible that the
Commission would be seeking to mislead the public.
Many Member States still do not understand the political problems that
surrounded ACTA and are therefore generally not opposed to provisions
from ACTA being put into CETA. However, only two Member States clicked
on breply allb when responding to the Council's e-mail b one was a
well-known supporter of ACTA from western Europe and, surprisingly, the
other was one of the bnewb Member States from South-East Europe.
The response from the South-East European member state also raised
opposition to the inclusion of camcording in the draft Agreement.
Camcording is such a non-issue that it was abandoned by the negotiating
parties in ACTA, so it is bizarre that even stronger wording has now
made its way into CETA. Even more strange is that a policy has
found its way into the draft EU/Canada trade deal that is neither an EU
policy nor a Canadian policy, but a US one. Michael Geist points in a
blog post to a Wikileaks cable where the US described as bdisingenuousb
a Canadian claim that their anti-camcording legislation was an
independent policy change that was not the result of lobbying pressure
from the US.
Michael Geist blog: Wikileaks Cables Show Massive U.S. Effort to
Establish Canadian DMCA (29.04.2011)
Council E-Mail (07.2012)
Cannot publish yet to protect source
Don't believe every leak you read says EU Commission on CETA (11.07.2012)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
8. Recommended Action
Join Global Advocates: Oppose Expanding ITU Authority to the Internet
9. Recommended Reading
Chip and Skim: cloning EMV cards with the pre-play attack (10.09.2012)
Illegal file-sharing activity generally logged within three hours,
according to new study (6.09.2012)
Europeanabs huge cultural dataset opens for re-use (12.09.2012)
10. Agenda
14-17 September 2012, Brussels, Belgium
Freedom not Fear 2012
17-22 September 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Open Knowledge Festival
20-21 September 2012, Trier, Germany
The proposed general Data Protection Regulation. Strengthening the EU's
Data Protections Architecture?
26 September 2012, Cambridge, UK
Open Data across Europe in Local and National Government - Practical
achievements and challenges
27 September 2012, Paris, France
Open Data - La Conferance
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Conference
11-12 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Economies of the commons 3 - Sustainable Futures for Digital Archives
25-28 October 2012, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2012
3-4 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Best Bits b a strategic gathering of NGOs around Internet governance and
Internet principles
6-9 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Seventh Annual IGF Meeting: "Internet Governance for Sustainable Human,
Economic and Social Development"
9-11 November 2012, Fulda, Germany
Digitalisierte Gesellschaft - Wege und Irrwege
FIfF Annual Conference in cooperation with Fuldaer Informatik Kollquium
4 December 2012, Brussels, Belgium
3rd Annual European Data Protection and Privacy Conference
23-25 January 2013, Brussels, Belgium
CPDP 2013 Conference - Reloading data protection
CfP by 19 October 2012
6-8 May 2013, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2013
31 July b 4 August 2013, Geestmerambacht, Netherlands
Observe. Hack. Make. - OHM2013
11. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2012-09-26 19:42:31
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 10.18, 26 September 2012 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 10.18, 26 September 2012
1. Facebook gives up its face recognition feature in EU
2. European Parliament steps back from promoting ISP liability
3. Ancillary copyright madness in Germany and France
4. EDRi responds to Commission bself-regulationb consultation
5. EU Parliament approves directive on orphan works
6. Data protection package: a proposed timetable in the EP
7. The Netherlands against ACTA in all its forms
8. Mapping Net Neutrality worldwide
9. Freedom Not Fear 2012
10. First victim of French 3 strikes law is found guilty for negligence
11. ENDitorial: Clean IT is just a symptom of the pinata politics of
privatised online enforcement
12. Recommended Reading
13. Agenda
14. About
1. Facebook gives up its face recognition feature in EU
Following pressure from Data Protection offices in EU, Facebook has
decided to give up the controversial face recognition feature in EU.
The feature used by Facebook was taking information given by users when
tagging friends' faces in photo, with the declared purpose to make
suggestions on tags for future images, thus making the process simpler
and faster.
This comes as a result of the work of the Irish Data Protection
Authority (Office of the Data Protection Commissioner of Ireland - DPCI)
which, in December 2011, performed an audit assessing Facebook Irelandbs
(FB-I) compliance with the Irish Data protection law as well as the EU
law and made a series of recommendations to Facebook.
On 21 September 2012, DPCI issued the outcomes of its Review
Implementation of Audit Recommendations finding that most
recommendations by the Audit had been met by the company, most notably
the turning off of the face recognition feature.
At the same time, DPCI gave Facebook four weeks to solve the remaining
issues that are still to be met. Among other things, Facebook has been
asked to provide more detailed information about the use of the "fr"
cookie and to explain the consent collected for this cookie. It has also
been asked to introduce a "robust process" to "irrevocably delete user
accounts and data upon request within 40 days" of being notified and to
address the concerns regarding the possibility of targeted advertising
utilising sensitive data on the network.
bI am satisfied that the Review has demonstrated a clear and ongoing
commitment on the part of FB-I to comply with its data protection
responsibilities by way of implementation or progress towards
implementation of the recommendations in the Audit Report. I am
particularly encouraged in relation to the approach it has decided to
adopt on the tag suggest/facial recognition feature by in fact agreeing
to go beyond our initial recommendations, in light of developments since
then, in order to achieve best practice.  This feature has already been
turned off for new users in the EU and templates for existing users will
be deleted by 15 October, pending agreement with my Office on the most
appropriate means of collecting user consent. By doing so it is sending
a clear signal of its wish to demonstrate its commitment to best
practice in data protection compliance,b said Billy Hawkes, the Irish
Data Protection Commissioner.
Facebook declared it intends to re-introduce the tag feature in the
future, but it would do that under new guidelines and, according to
Billy Hawkes, the tool would only return if Facebook agreed on the bmost
appropriate means of collecting user consentb.
Report of Review of Facebook Irelandbs Implementation of Audit
Recommendations Published b Facebook turns off Tag Suggest in the EU
Facebook Ireland Ltd b Report of Re-Audit (21.09.2012)
Facebook given 4 weeks to FULLY SATISFY Irish data commissioner -
Review mainly leads to whiskey doubles all round (21.09.2012)
Facebook abandons face recognition within the EU (only in French,
updated 24.09.2012)
Facebook to switch off controversial facial recognition feature
following data protection concerns (22.09.2012)
2. European Parliament steps back from promoting ISP liability
On 11 September 2012, the European Parliament voted on an own-initiative
report of Mr Jean-Marie Cavada (EPP, France) on the online distribution
of audiovisual works.
As we reported in the EDRi-gram after the vote in the leading Committee,
the Culture and Education Committee, last July, the report was
containing some surprising and potentially very problematic terms on the
liability of networks operators. The text was calling for bways to
encourage network operators to standardise their technical toolsb for
copyright enforcement and arguing that the current trend was towards a
removal of liability of networks operators. This is factually wrong,
could lead to privatisation of censorship and would encourage
enforcement outside the rule of law. Finally, this is in no way pursuing
the goal of the report, which is to promote and develop access to
cultural content.
This problematic part of the report (point 59 of the final report) was
thankfully rejected in the final vote of the European Parliament on the
dossier following a lot of behind the scenes activity by
This vote is important for three reasons.
Firstly, the European Parliament would have faced difficulties
convincing the other institutions of its credibility on the dossier. A
report containing (obviously) inaccurate statements will not be
particularly credible.
Secondly, encouraging network operators to standardise their btechnical
toolsb means encouraging Internet service providers to monitor, filter
and possibly block access to content. This call was going against recent
decisions of the Court of Justice of the European Union that protecting
intellectual property could not override other fundamental rights such
as the right to privacy, the freedom of information and the freedom to
conduct business. (C-70/10 Scarlet/SABAM and C-360/10 SABAM/Netlog). The
mix of btechnical toolsb creates the motive, means and opportunity for
Internet companies to appoint themselves as the judge, jury and
executioner of online law enforcement.
Finally, and most importantly, it shows the willingness of the European
Parliament to move away from concentrating all intellectual property
related issues on enforcement b particularly privatised enforcement by
Internet companies. It is a clear reversal of the Parliament's previous
approach in the so-called bGallo reportb adopted by the European
Parliament in 2010 that demanded bappropriate solutionsb from
Internet Service Providers in bdialogueb with stakeholders. One such
bdialogueb was the one convened by the European Commission, which
suggested the bvoluntaryb implementation of exactly the kinds of
filtering systems that the European Court of Justice subsequently ruled
to be in breach of citizens' fundamental rights.
This vote is in tune with the recently adopted Opinion of the Industry
Committee of the European Parliament on Completing Digital Single
Market, led by Italian Conservative Parliamentarian Aldo Patriciello. In
that report, Parliamentarians focussed on eliminating the many barriers
to online services in Europe, demanding in particular ba harmonised
approach to copyright exceptions and limitationsb. This reflects a
growing awareness that it is time to move away from trying to use
disproportionate tools to enforce a copyright system that is devoid of
credibility and towards building a more credible approach.
The road will still be long to adapt the current framework to the
digital revolution and to overcome the barriers that prevent consumers
to access, use and enjoy cultural content but the European Parliament
has made it clear that it was the direction it wanted to take.
EDRi-gram: EP: Surprises in the online distribution of audiovisual
works' report (18.07.2012)
Patriciello Opinion
Not yet published by Parliament
Cavada Report (25.07.2012)
Gallo Report (22.10.2012)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
3. Ancillary copyright madness in Germany and France
On 29 August 2012, the German government decided to pass a draft
legislative proposal for ancillary copyright (so-called
"Leistungsschutzrecht") aimed at bprotectingb publishing houses' online
content from being quoted in news aggregation sites and on search engines.
This draft law would give publishers the right to limit or forbid any
publication or reproduction by third parties of snippets of their
content. Services (Google in particular) which publish (or "steal") even
very small parts or snippets as a means of helping end-users find
interesting information would have to obtain a license and pay a tax in
order to do so. The law would have an extensive impact since any
website, aggregator or blog could be affected by this.
A couple of years ago, German publishers suddenly realised that there
were companies on the internet which make billions of Euro from
advertising. Advertising has traditionally been the publishers' business
model and they have failed to adapt this part of their business to the
online environment. They therefore argue that companies that are able to
make money in the digital environment should subsidise their
pre-existing business model. Ironically, though, those companies are
still able to make significant profits. For example, Germany's biggest
publisher Axel Springer recently announced an increase in 55% for its
online products in the first half of 2012.
Just a few days ago, French magazine TC)lC)rama.fr revealed a draft
proposal written by the press association IPG and inspired by the
developments in Germany, in order to tax Google and cream off its
billion euro profits in France. The draft blex Googleb wants to give
publishers the exclusive right to reproduce snippets from articles,
under penalty of a fine of 30 000 euro and 3 years imprisonment for
The somewhat incomprehensive German and French provisions create a
disincentive for online companies to help people find the publishers'
online content and bcompensateb the publishers when their content is
found. Following the same logic, concert venues could ban taxi drivers
to take people to their concerts, unless they pay bcompensationb to the
venue for bringing customers to their doors. In an environment where
expensive, disjointed and out-of-date copyright law is already causing
significant damage to the European economy, this approach may be a joke,
but it certainly is not funny.
Civil society groups as well as the German association of internet
economy eco have highlighted the absurdities and negative consequences
of ancillary copyright provisions repeatedly. They have pointed out that
the current terms of the law are more than unclear, that it is difficult
to establish what makes a website "commercial" and therefore leads to
legal uncertainty. In addition, the current German draft would restrict
the diversity of information on the internet. Civil society groups have
also pointed out the complete superfluousness of such provisions -
publishers are already protected by copyright provisions and are given
extensive rights by journalists through contracts or general terms and
Due to the vague definition of a "press product", search engines would
need to conclude thousands of individual contracts. Smaller publishers
and bloggers do not have the capacity to do the same. It is thus likely
to result in adverse effects: a creation of exceptions for monopolies,
leading to an uncompetitive market situation. Ultimately, this will also
limit the freedom of communication and freedom to do business.
3rd revision of the German draft proposal (only in German)
Axel Springer online profit (only in German, 8.08.2012)
eco Comments on Planned Ancillary Copyright (10.07.2012)
TC)lC)rama reveals press publishers' project (only in French, 21.09.2012)
Common declaration of French and German publishers (only in German,
(Contribution by Kirsten Fiedler - EDRi)
4. EDRi responds to Commission bself-regulationb consultation
The Commission is asking for feedback on a draft bcodeb for what it
describes as bmultistakeholder actionsb. The intention is to use the
final text as a blueprint for future self- and co-regulatory actions, in
order to ensure that certain best practices are respected. The deadline
is at the end of this week (30 September 2012) and EDRi has already
submitted its response.
We have been (sometimes very!) critical of the Commission's approach to
self-regulation b most particularly when it is not self-regulation at
all but privatised law enforcement, as we see in the now infamous Clean
IT project and as was also proposed in ACTA. If the Commission were
currently following the draft code, many of the excesses that we see
today would not be happening. For example, the chaotic and expensive
two-year bbrainstormingb of Clean IT would never have happened because
the code stipulates the establishment, from the outset, of bclear and
unambiguousb objectives, bstarting from a well-defined baseline.b
Indeed, the confusion regarding the specific aims of the project is one
of the main reasons that EDRi felt that it was inappropriate to
participate in that group.
While the draft proposed by the European Commission would represent a
solid step forward, there are still valuable improvements that would
need to be made. For example, contrary to the process followed by Clean
IT, there should be an bup frontb understanding that any outcome cannot
legally result in restrictions of fundamental rights.
Secondly, it is very important that any involvement from public
authorities in self-regulatory measures result in those authorities
agreeing to take a formal position to either endorse or reject the
outcome of the project. The alternative is power without responsibility
b a public authority can convene industry discussions, push for a
particular outcome and then claim that the entire process was
bindustry's idea.b We also suggest that the involvement of the public
authority be under constant review and only allowed to continue when a
majority of stakeholders are in favour. Power without responsibility is
a corrosive and corrupting factor for any administration. Our response
therefore highlights this point as being one of critical importance.
The third major point of our response refers to the actions that should
be taken if a stakeholder group resigns from a multi-stakeholder
process. In the Commission's draft code, representativeness is given a
high degree of priority, but the guarantees to ensure this is actually
respected are somewhat weak. For example, there is no clarity as to what
should be done if a stakeholder group loses faith in the process and
resigns. Our suggestion is that the group should have the right to
produce a statement of objections and for this to be appended to the
final, published agreement. We also suggest that the resignation of key
stakeholder groups or an agreed proportion of participants would
automatically trigger the ending of the project. In the same vein, we
propose that a level of non-compliance should be agreed which, if
attained, would also lead to the ending of the project.
The Commission consultation comes in two parts b a short questionnaire
and a PDF/DOC of the draft code, which should be submitted with btracked
changesb after being edited in line with the respondent's views. We
encourage other civil society groups and also individuals to respond b
and we will not complain if any of our analysis is plagiarised.
On-line public consultation on Code for Effective Open Voluntarism:
Good design principles for self- and co-regulation and other
multistakeholder actions
Deadline: 30 September 2012
EDRi's tracked changes document
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
5. EU Parliament approves directive on orphan works
On 13 September 2012, the EU Parliament approved the draft legislation
on orphan works proposed in 2011, completed by the EU Parliament and
Council compromise in June 2012.
The European Commission issued an Impact Assessment in 2011 accompanying
the proposal for a directive on certain permitted used of orphan works,
considering there was an urgent need of a legislative initiative on
orphan works, as a result of the situation created by the US Google
Books Settlement (in its original formulation orphan works were to be
automatically included in the scope of the Google Books Settlement), the
need to obtain prior copyright permissions for the use of orphan works
in Europe and the risk of a knowledge gap in case orphan works could not
become part of European Digital Library projects.
The Commission also considered a key action of the Digital Agenda for
Europe was the creation of a legal framework to facilitate the
digitisation and dissemination of orphan works (works for which no
author is identified or located). The proposed directive was intended to
make it "safer and easier for public institutions such as museums and
libraries to search for and use orphan works (...)."
The directive defines what works that can be considered orphan works and
it stipulates that the public institutions would be required to carry
out a prior bdiligent searchb, in terms with the proposed directive
requirements, in the Member State where the work was first published.
When the diligent search establishes the orphan status of a work, it
would be considered an orphan work all over the EU. Thus, orphan works
can be made available online for cultural and educational purposes
without prior authorisation, unless (or until) the owner of the work
puts an end to such status.
Following certain concerns and criticism, in June 2012, the draft
proposal was completed with two points which established that in case
the right holder showed up, he would be entitled to claim compensation
for the use of his own work and that public institutions should be
allowed to generate some revenue from the use of an orphan work to be
used to pay for the search and the digitisation process.
The approved text by the European Parliament also includes some other
additions such as that the diligent search will not be necessary for
each work but "in good faith" and "prior to the use of the work."
A new article was also added - the new Directive bshall be without
prejudice to the Member Statesb arrangements concerning mass-scale
digitisation of works, such as those relating to out-of-commerce works."
Although considered a good idea, the proposed directive does not impress
everybody. MEP Christian EngstrC6m, of the Swedish Pirate Party, believes
the directive is not bold enough and bis not going to help to make the
European common cultural heritage available the way it is drafted so I
would urge everyone to reconsider because at the moment it simply isn't
useful.b Another difficulty is that when dealing with musical works, a
cultural heritage institution will have to consider the future rules
that will result from the proposed directive on collective rights
management and multi-territorial licensing of rights in musical works
for online uses.
Commission's Vice-President Neelie Kroes has recently pointed out that
although the proposals on orphan works, as well as the proposal on
collective rights management, were good steps in the way to improve EU
copyright, there were also other problems beyond licensing or orphan
works and that "we need to focus also on substantive copyright reform."
Orphan works directive approved by EU Parliament (14.09.2012)
Are European orphans about to be freed? (21.09.2012)
Finding a good home for orphan works online (12.09.2012)
"Orphan" works: informal deal done between MEPs and Council (6.06.2012)
European Parliament legislative resolution of 13 September 2012 on the
proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council
on certain permitted uses of orphan works (COM(2011)0289 b C7-0138/2011
b 2011/0136(COD) (13.09.2012)
6. Data protection package: a proposed timetable in the EP
Last week, on 19 September 2012, the Civil Liberties, Justice and Home
Affairs (LIBE) Committee discussed the data protection package, in
particular the planned timetable.
LIBE is the Committee leading the dossier in the European Parliament and
will issue two reports, one on the proposal for a General Data
Protection Regulation ( bthe Regulationb) and one on the proposal for a
Directive bon the protection of individuals with regard to the
processing of personal data by competent authorities for the purposes of
prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences
or the execution of criminal penalties, and the free movement of such
datab (bthe Directiveb).
The two Rapporteurs, Mr Jan-Philipp Albrecht (Greens, Germany) for the
Regulation and Mr Droutsas (S&D, Greece) for the Directive, decided to
follow a package approach because of the important links between the two
proposed legislative measures. However, Mr Droutsas underlined the
difficulties that the Council seems to encounter on the Directive with
the position of certain Member States. The joint parliamentary meeting
taking place on 9 and 10 October is going to be crucial in solving this
issue, he added. Because of the problems in the Council, the feasibility
of the package approach was questioned by Mr Alvaro (ALDE, Germany) b
even though he recognised the benefit of such an approach - and Mr
Kirkhope (ECR, United Kingdom).
The cooperative approach of the dossier, desired by the Rapporteurs, was
warmly welcomed by the other members of the European Parliament from all
political groups. Important issues were underlined several times during
the debate such as the importance of a good implementation and of a
strong enforcement of data protection, the need for clarity, the
necessity of protecting fundamental rights and finally the issue of data
flow to third countries. Even if no final agreement on those issues was
found during the debate, the debate was very helpful to understand the
forthcoming steps in the process.
Mr Albrecht indeed presented his forecasted timetable for the
Regulation. The current plan is to have the Regulation definitely voted
before the end of this legislature, i.e. in 2014. To achieve this goal,
he would like to provide a second working paper for the joint
parliamentary meeting taking place beginning of October. At that time,
the paper will be available only in English and will subsequently be
translated for a debate in the Committee that will take place on 5 or 6
November 2012. The Rapporteur intends to have a draft report ready by
December of this year, so the vote can take place between February and
April 2013, to enable negotiation with the Council later on.
The envisaged timeframe is very important as it gives a great
perspective on the forthcoming steps.
However, this timetable is foreseen as being very ambitious by Mr
Alvaro, Mr Kirkhope and Mr Voss (EPP, Germany), the bShadow
Rapporteursb. During the debate, they expressed the necessity to favour
quality over speed. It is a very important issue and the process should
not be rushed.
Mr Albrecht concluded by underlining the importance of a coherent and
harmonised framework and the necessity of consolidating the current
system of data protection. Good legislation needs good implementation
and a strong enforcement system. EU citizens have to be protected when
their data are processed, he said. Therefore, he agreed that if more
time was needed to make a good and strong legislation, then this time
will be taken.
More information on the procedure being followed and a glossary of the
key terminology is available in EDRibs bActivist Guide to the Brussels
Mazeb (2012)
The entire debate is available on the Parliament website (19.09.2012)
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
7. The Netherlands against ACTA in all its forms
In response to an open letter sent by EDRi-member Bits of Freedom (BoF),
the Dutch government has confirmed that it opposes any controversial
ACTA-provisions in whatever form.
This confirmation was provoked by the news, only six days after ACTA was
rejected by the European Parliament, that a draft text of the Canada b
EU Trade Agreement contained provisions that were virtually identical to
provisions from ACTA. As the Netherlands set an important example by
rejecting ACTA long before the vote in the European Parliament, Bits of
Freedom requested the government to do the same with CETA or any
agreement alike. And it did.
More specifically in its letter of 17 September 2012, the government b
upon BoF request b confirmed that it would not agree to the
ACTA-provisions in CETA or any other treaty in which such provisions may
appear. It stated:
"The European Commission rightly agreed to respect the vote of the
European Parliament against ACTA and to observe this vote concerning
CETA. ACTA-provisions 27(3) and 27(4) regarding the liability of
Internet Service Providers are no longer part of the current draft of
CETA. Other provisions relating to the enforcement of intellectual
property rights are currently being studied with the aforementioned vote
in mind. If provisions do not correspond thereto, they will be changed
or deleted."
"In light of resolution 288 of the House of Representatives [2], this
government will not agree b in whatever agreement this may be b to any
ACTA-provisions it voted against. Examples are provisions on the strict
enforcement of intellectual property on the internet and provisions that
stand in the way of future intellectual property reforms."
The government further noted that currently there were no other treaties
similar to ACTA being negotiated.
This confirmation by the Dutch government is of course very good news.
However, due to recent elections, a note of caution is in place: the new
government that is currently being formed may decide differently. Seeing
the latest positions of the two major parties there is not too much
reason for concern: in their election campaign, the liberal party (VVD)
took a position against ACTA and similar treaties; the labour party
(PvdA) took position only against ACTA but did support resolution 288
(also mentioned above) by which the government was requested to vote
against treaties similar to ACTA.
Bits of Freedom hopes that the formal position of the Dutch government
against controversial ACTA-provisions in whatever form serves as an
example to policymakers in other countries to do the same. This will
hopefully help the European Commission accept its loss and realize that
the only constructive way forward is to start looking for acceptable
alternatives in an open and transparent way.
Translation open letter: Dutch government must reject CETA (1.08.2012)
Translations of Dutch parliamentary resolutions against ACTA (29.05.2012)
(Contribution by Simone Halink - EDRi-member Bits of Freedom, Netherlands)
8. Mapping Net Neutrality worldwide
When questioned about Net Neutrality the European Commission previously
claimed that only little data existed to show that net neutrality
violations had occurred. A new project: netneutralitymap.org shows net
neutrality violations worldwide based on tests for shaping. It documents
the need for net neutrality legislation.
Although Net Neutrality is currently discussed throughout Europe, very
little actual data is used for campaigning. A new project tries to
change this by mapping data from Measurement Lab's global "Glasnost"
tests. The map uses the same metric previously used by the researchers
of Measurement Lab to detect violations of Net Neutrality along one year
and display them on a map. The map clearly shows: violations of Net
Neutrality are commonplace throughout Europe.
Especially the Bittorrent protocol is frequently shaped. While data from
small countries are sparse - data from larger countries confirm that net
neutrality violations are indeed common.
The map was created by activists around the Austrian EDRi member VIBE.at
and "Initiative fuer Netzfreiheit" which recently started a campaign to
promote Net Neutrality in Austria. "I did not perceive Net Neutrality
violations as a problem until I first looked at the map we created" says
Michael Bauer of VIBE.at. "It is striking how common shaping is in
todaybs internet".
The European Commission previously claimed a lack of data on Net
Neutrality violations as the main reason for not punishing them.
Measurement lab had this data since 2009. With this new way of
presenting the data it is clear that the lack of data is not a reason
for delaying net neutrality regulation any longer.
The Net Neutrality map
Austrian campaign on Net Neutrality (only in German)
Measurement Lab -  open platform for researchers to deploy Internet
measurement tools
Initiative fur Netzfreiheit (only in German)
(contribution by Michael Bauer - EDRi-member VIBE.AT - Austria)
9. Freedom Not Fear 2012
The 4-day "Freedom Not Fear 2012" (FNF 2012) event came to a successful  end on Monday, 17 September 2012. Organisations and individuals from 11  EU-member states participated to raise their voice for better privacy  safeguards, to protest against emerging surveillance measures and to  exchange views on digital rights issues
The Brussels action in which several EDRi members participated (FoeBuD,
Digitale Gesellschaft, IuRe, Panoptykon, Bits of Freedom, VibeAt and the
Liga voor Mensenrechten) was accompanied by protest events in the US,
Argentina, Luxembourg and Australia.
Bits of Freedom (Netherlands) attended the FNF weekend in Brussels
focusing mainly on the events around the review of the data protection
framework. They consider it great to meet many activists working on
different topics of which many are related to the activities of the
Dutch organisation. Also, BoF found it inspiring to see which important
issues exist outside the scope of their work.
FoeBuD (Germany) said that several excellent results were produced at
FNF 2012. FoeBuD members really enjoyed the internationality this year -
and will continue working to bring even more organisations to next
year's event. One topic that FoeBuD has recently focused on is the
European Data Protection Regulation, and some good work on this was done
during the FNF activists' weekend and the meetings with European
officials. Another focus is the project to investigate and hopefully
start a European Citizens' Initiative (ECI) against data retention, on
which some valuable exchanges took place during FNF. The next step on
this will be to organise an international conference in Amsterdam to
talk about the ECI.
Three Digitale Gesellschaft (Germany) members were able to participate
in this year's FNF12. This was a perfect occasion for them to put their
energy into pan-European networking between activists and to explain
their position to European policy makers. During the conference, the
members gave a short introduction and overview of the German national
campaign on net neutrality.
The FNF 2012 started on Friday afternoon with a discussion about the
consultations of the EU Commission about a European notice-and-takedown
system of content on the Internet. Mr. Werner Stengg, Head of the EC
Unit "Online Services" presented the Commission's point of view on this
sensitive topic. The talk was followed by two hours of discussions with
Mr. Peter Hustinx, European Data Protection Supervisor, about the
upcoming EU Data Protection Reform. He started with a detailed
explanation of his interpretation of the Freedom Not Fear motto: "Fear
is always a bad adviser." He emphasized the need to keep on striving for
positive developments on privacy issues. Mentioning the whole range of
various kinds of activism, from single person engagement up to
professional privacy activism: "Keep on going - we need you!"
Three more days of the barcamp-like conference filled with meetings,
lectures and discussions followed, also including a colorful
demonstration within the city of Brussels and one more outside action
named the "Camspotting Game". One of the results of bFreedom Not Fearb
was the establishment of the International Working Group on Video
Surveillance, which announced a campaign targeting the latest
developments in privacy-intrusive technology such as "Facewatch" in the UK.
Freedom Not Fear 2012
Walk of Protest FNF 2012
10. First victim of French 3 strikes law is found guilty for negligence
After almost two years since the 3-strikes law has entered into force in
France, the first Internet user was sentenced by the court to a 150 euro
fine for negligence for not using the Internet access security measures
and because the user has innocently confessed it.
Since October 2010, about 3 million French IP addresses have been
identified by rightholders of being possible infringers. Out of these,
Hadopi considered 1.15 million worthy of a bfirst strikeb notice, about
102 000 of a second warning, and only 340 of a third warning. Only 14
cases were sent to court, so far.
This is the first fine applied for the Hadopi law because the
infringement must be proven and this is not easy to do. In order to be
punished for negligence, one has to have failed to apply security means
to his Internet connection or to have not used accordingly these means,
both being rather difficult to prove.
However, this particular Internet user gave himself up by admitting that
he had not used any security means to prevent access to his Internet
By trying to defend himself, the Internet user summoned by the court for
repeated infringements, gave the court the motives to condemn him for
negligence. He argued he was himself unable to download material from
the Internet and blamed his wife (with whom he is under divorce
procedures) for having illegally downloaded material from the Internet.
The woman confirmed she had downloaded Rhianna songs. bBy saying he knew
she was downloading infringing content, but didnbt prevent her from
doing so, he self-incriminated,b explained Guillaume Champeau of Numerama.
So, although actually innocent, the man is now to pay for being
responsible for the downloading, because he did not prevent it.
Hadopi: one first condemned person, by ingenuity (only in French,
Hadopi confirms that the first condemned betrayed himself (only in
French, 13.09.2012)
French 3 Strikes: Court Fines First File-Sharer, Even Though Hebs
Innocent (13.09.2012)
11. ENDitorial: Clean IT is just a symptom of the pinata politics of
privatised online enforcement
There has been a lot of attention to the bClean ITb project since EDRi
published a leaked draft document last week, on 21 September 2011. Since
then, the project organisers have said that the statement on the front
page saying that bthis document contains detailed recommendationsb was
incorrect and that it also contained (unidentified) other mistakes.
Project coordinator But Klaasen explained on Twitter that the leak was
little more than a bdiscussion document.b According to the Clean IT
website, this is the output of two day meetings in Amsterdam (October
2011), Madrid (January 2012), Brussels (March 2012) Berlin (June
2012) and Utrecht(September 2012). According to the website of Clean IT,
which has produced 23 pages of bullet points of policy suggestions,
there will be just one more meeting (Vienna, November 2012) before a
final presentation is made in February 2013. Mr Klaasen also explained
on Twitter that all suggestions received thus far are only bfood for
discussionb, because they do not censor the ideas they receive.
Clean IT is therefore part of a wider problem b a conveyor-belt of
ill-defined projects whereby industry is expected to do bsomethingb to
solve ill - or even undefined problems on the Internet. For example, it
takes an almost impressive amount of fragmentation for the European
Commission to be simultaneously funding two different and uncoordinated
projects (Clean IT and CEO Coalition on a Safer Internet for Kids)
developing bvoluntaryb industry standards on bnotice and takedownb, on
bupload filtersb, on breporting buttonsb and all with little or no
analysis of the specific problems that need to be solved.
Worse still, Clean IT was born out of a failed bvoluntaryb project
organised directly by the European Commission on billegal online
contentb. That project failed because it did not have a problem
definition. Without knowing what problems it was trying to solve, it
ended up going round in ever smaller circles before finally disappearing
down the proverbial drain. Sadly, no lessons were learned before the
Commission committed to funding Clean IT, which is currently making the
same mistakes all over again.
Even bigger mistakes have not been learned from in this approach. In the
Commission-organised bdialogue on illegal uploading and downloadingb, a
proposal was made for widespread bvoluntaryb filtering of peer-to-peer
networks. This was resisted by the Internet access provider industry and
ultimately ruled by the European Court of Justice (Scarlet/Sabam case
C70/10) to be in breach of fundamental rights.
All of this experience meant that EDRi could not possibly participate in
Clean IT without seeking to ensure that the project did not make the
same mistakes that we have seen over and over again. In 2011, as a
precondition of participation, we therefore set very reasonable demands:
1. Identify the specific problems to be solved. (At different moments,
Clean IT was meant to address bAl Quaida influencedb networks,
bterrorist and extremist 'use' of the Internetb and
bdiscriminationb/billegal softwareb.)
2. Identify the scope of the industry involvement. Listing every single
type of online intermediary is neither credible nor effective.
3. Actively seek to identify and avoid possibilities for unintended
consequences for both fundamental rights and addressing illegal content.
The project leader rejected all of these preconditions, regrettably
leaving us no option but to stay outside the process. As a result, we
have a project that seeks to use unspecified industry participants to
solve unidentified problems in ways which may or may not be in breach of
the Union and international law. It would be unconscionable for EDRi to
participate in these circumstances.
We have also been contacted via Twitter by Commissioner Kroes'
spokesperson. Mr Heath's comments suggest that CleanIT is only a
bbrainstormingb session and the Commission has spent hundreds of
thousands of Euro just for lists of possible policies.
It is very important to stress that absolutely nothing in the document
that we released last week has been officially approved as European
Commission policy. The recommendations, insofar as they are
recommendations, are the sole responsibility of the CleanIT project.
Commissioner MalmstrC6m has acted to distance herself from the project
and has made this very clear via Twitter messages. There are, however,
serious questions that are still to be asked regarding the budget
approval processes that lead to such projects being approved for public
The law is quite clear b the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the
Convention on Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights are quite clear b restrictions on fundamental rights
must be foreseen by law and not introduced as unpredictable, ad hoc
projects by industry. The rule of law cannot be defended by abandoning
the rule of law and EDRi will continue to defend this principle.
EDRi: Clean IT b Leak shows plans for large-scale, undemocratic
surveillance of all communications (21.09.2012)
Clean IT rebuttal of our comments
Mr Heath's comments
Mr Klaasen's tweet
Commissioner MalmstrC6m's tweets
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
12. Recommended Reading
Islands of Resilience
Comparative Model for Energy, Connectivity and Jurisdiction
Realizing European ICT possibilities through a case study of Iceland
JoaquC-n Almunia Vice President of the European Commission responsible
for Competition Policy -  Competition enforcement in the knowledge
economy Fordham University/ New York City (20.09.2012)
EDPS issues comments on DG MARKT's public consultation on procedures for
notifying and acting on illegal content hosted by online intermediaries  The internet in pieces
Harried by cyberattacks, Iran is making good on a vow to build its own
web. Others could follow (23.09.2012)
13. Agenda
27 September 2012, Paris, France
Open Data - La ConfC)rence
7-10 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2012 Amsterdam Privacy Conference
11-12 October 2012, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Economies of the commons 3 - Sustainable Futures for Digital Archives
25-28 October 2012, Barcelona, Spain
Free Culture Forum 2012
3-4 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Best Bits b a strategic gathering of NGOs around Internet governance and
Internet principles
6-9 November 2012, Baku, Azerbaijan
Seventh Annual IGF Meeting: "Internet Governance for Sustainable Human,
Economic and Social Development"
9-11 November 2012, Fulda, Germany
Digitalisierte Gesellschaft - Wege und Irrwege
FIfF Annual Conference in cooperation with Fuldaer Informatik Kollquium
29-30 November 2012, Brussels, Belgium
For Your Eyes Only: Privacy, Empowerment and Technology in the context
of Social Networks
4 December 2012, Brussels, Belgium
3rd Annual European Data Protection and Privacy Conference
23-25 January 2013, Brussels, Belgium
CPDP 2013 Conference - Reloading data protection
CfP by 19 October 2012
6-8 May 2013, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2013
31 July b 4 August 2013, Geestmerambacht, Netherlands
Observe. Hack. Make. - OHM2013
14. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-grams.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRI and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2013-02-13 23:07:53
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 11.3, 13 February 2013 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 11.3, 13 February 2013
1. Copyright: challenges of the digital era
2. Most Internet users would use DNT settings if easily available
3. US privacy groups believe US officials lobby to weaken EU privacy
4. Dutch government maintains private copying-exception for downloading
5. Denmark: Government postpones the data retention law evaluation
6. Ancillary copyright law under discussion in Germany
7. Human rights orgs ask OECD to investigate surveillance companies
8. Big Brother Awards 2013 Bulgaria
9. ENDitorial: Licences for Europe and fight club... only one rule
10. Recommended Action: support your privacy rights
11. Recommended Reading
12. Agenda
13. About
1. Copyright: challenges of the digital era
EDRi has freshly launched a booklet that overviews the challenges that
copyright is facing in the digital environment.
For the past twelve years, the European Union has discussed how to
support, develop and protect creation in the digital environment. Two
months ago, the College of Commissioners recognised the necessity that
copyright bstays fit for purposeb in the digital economy.
Until now, the focus point has been on the enforcement of pre-existing
legislative norms not only within the rule of law but also through
private policing via internet service providers. However, despite all
these efforts, there is still an ubiquitous lack of respect for copyright.
The booklet looks at the reasons for this profound gap that has emerged
between citizens and the law. Following a brief introduction to the
logic behind granting monopoly rights, the booklet lists some reasons
that lead to difficulties in respecting copyright law, ranging from
excessive penalties for breaching the law to legally-protected
restrictions on citizens' rights to use digital products they paid for.
It then focuses on the impact of rigid and outdated copyright law on
legitimate businesses. Finally, it gives a glance at the wide range of
excessive enforcement measures that underline the deterioration of
copyright leading to unreasonable and wrongful practices.
In short, this booklet presents a simplified overview of the
difficulties facing public support for copyright. EDRi hopes that it
will have a positive impact on the current debate regarding the
necessity of reforming copyright law and adapting the current system to
the digital age, allowing the achievement of the digital single market,
removing existing barriers and giving citizens a better access to their
Copyright: challenges of the digital era (02.2013)
Commission agrees way forward for modernising copyright in the digital
economy (5.12.2012)
Report from the Commission on the application of Directive 2004/48/EC
(Contribution by Marie Humeau - EDRi)
2. Most Internet users would use DNT settings if easily available
According to a survey by IT service analysts Ovum, 68% of the Internet
users would use bdo-not-trackb (DNT) settings to restrict the use of
their personal data, if such a tool was "easily availableb.
Websites and third-parties, such as advertisers, may record Internet
usersb behaviour in order to serve targeted, personalised ads. Such
user-specific data can be collected by several means, including the use
of cookies. The information thus stored can be passed on by operators to
advertisers for behavioural adverts, based on the users' activity and
declared interests.
Yet, lately, consumers have become more aware of the fact that their
personal information can be used as merchandise. Ovumbs survey has shown
that only 14% of consumers believe Internet firms are honest about the
way they use their consumers' personal data. "Unfortunately, in the gold
rush that is big data, taking the supply of blittle datab b personal
data b for granted seems to be an accident waiting to happen," said Mark
Little, principal analyst at Ovum who added: "However, consumers are
being empowered with new tools and services to monitor, control, and
secure their personal data as never before, and it seems they
increasingly have the motivation to use them."
In Littlebs opinion, the Internet companies would have to change their
attitudes towards their customers. The operators should make privacy
tools available to consumers and use ba new set of messages to change
consumersb attitudes. These messages must be based on positive direct
relationships, engagement with consumers, and the provision of genuine
and trustworthy privacy controls.b Although EU Commissioner Neelie Kroes
had previously asked for a new DNT standard to enable Internet users to
indicate their consent for the use of their personal data in a manner
that would comply with the EU's Privacy and Electronic Communications
Directive, last year she indicated that she would accept a DNT
standard that would only partially meet the requirements under the
Directive. Under the EU's amended Privacy and Electronic Communications
Directive, storing and accessing information on users' computers is only
lawful "on condition that the subscriber or user concerned has given his
or her consent, having been provided with clear and comprehensive
information b& about the purposes of the processing".
The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working on developing a new
DNT controls system which, in its opinion, should not be switched on by
default but require an explicit instruction to operate. Firefox has
already implemented it since 2011.
Microsoft, on the other hand, has developed its own DNT tool for its new
Internet Explorer 10 web browser. The DNT setting is automatically
activated and the users have to change the settings in case they wish to
let websites and advertising networks track their online activity. This
has obviously crossed advertising companies and the system does not
actually guarantee that all companies would respect it. Yahoo! for
instance, has stated that it would not "recognise IE10bs default DNT
Google introduced the DNT standard in November 2012, with the launching
of its Chrome 23, but warned that the results could be variable. "The
effectiveness of such requests is dependent on how websites and services
respond, so Google is working with others on a common way to respond to
these requests in the future," wrote Google engineer Ami Fischman on the
companybs blog.
Most consumers would activate do-not-track privacy settings if they were
'easily available', according to Ovum survey (6.02.2013)
The data black hole that could suck the life out of the internet economy
Google's Chrome finally embraces Do Not Track, but with a warning
3. US privacy groups believe US officials lobby to weaken EU privacy
A coalition of 18 US privacy groups sent a letter on 30 January 2013 to
US politicians such as the Attorney General Eric Holder, Secretary
of State John Kerry and the Acting Secretary of Commerce Rebecca Blank,
asking for assurances that US policy makers in Europe "advance the aim
of privacy" and do not hinder the European data law proposals.
The European Union is considering the data protection regulation that
could give the citizens significant control over the use of their
personal data by websites and marketing companies. Several proposals
would require companies to obtain permission before collecting personal
data and specify exactly what information will be collected and how it
will be used.
One proposal refers to the so-called bright to be forgottenb that
obliges companies like Facebook to delete all information about users
who want to do that. The coalition shows concern over the fact that, as
the new EU Data Protection Regulation is under discussion and debate,
Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) have lately reported that US
policy makers are "mounting an unprecedented lobbying campaign to limit
the protections that European law would provide."
The privacy groups believe that U.S. policymakers, politicians and
bureaucrats are undermining the work of the European Parliament. "The
U.S. should not stand in the way of Europe's efforts to strengthen and
modernize its legal framework," the letter states. Jeff Chester,
Executive Director of the Center for Digital Democracy told ZDNet that
despite President Obamabs pro-privacy speeches, his administration is
"working to protect the U.S. data lobby."
He added: "One of the U.S.' few growth areas is stealing other peoples
data. So, the U.S. is arguing that the EU should not enact strong
baselines rules requiring citizens to provide affirmative consent for
such critical uses as profiling, and adopt its weak industry friendly
approach based primarily on industry self-regulation."
EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding said in 2012 that the lobbying
effort had been "absolutely fierce" and unprecedented in scale.
On 3 February 2013, the head of a big pan-European industry group
revealed "intensifying pressure from U.S. lobbyists on behalf of
Google and Facebook," as reported the Financial Times. Jacob
Kohnstamm, the chairman of the EU's Article 29 Working Party also said
European lawmakers were "fed up" of U.S. lobbying.
The letter of the coalition notes that updating the U.S. Electronic
Communications Privacy Act (ECPA), under which authorities need only a
subpoena approved by a federal prosecutor, rather than a judge, to
obtain electronically stored messages six months old or older, would be
a good start for the U.S. officials to bring the country in compliance
with international human rights standards.
The US lobby has shown its practical results after several newspapers
and websites have pointed out that MEPs in the EP's Internal Market and
Consumer Committee (IMCO) have included copy-paste amendments written by
Amazon, eBay or the American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham EU).
Privacy groups call on U.S. government to stop lobbying against EU data
law changes (4.02.2013)
The E.U. could approve a new privacy policy later this year. Europe
Moves Ahead on Privacy (3.02.2013)
Lobby groups take CTRL+V of data protection proposal (11.02.2013)
4. Dutch government maintains private copying-exception for downloading
The Dutch government announced that it wouldn't prohibit the
unauthorised downloading of copyrighted material.
It did so on 4 February 2013 in a letter to the Parliament, putting an
end to a heated debate that lasted for years. As a result, the
Netherlands remains one of the few countries in Europe where downloading
without permission of the rightsholders is allowed under the private
copying-exception. Dutch digital rights organisation Bits of Freedom
urged that this should be the first step in a long overdue modernisation
of the copyright system.
The Dutch government responded to a resolution by the Dutch Parliament
earlier this year. In this resolution, the Parliament called on the
government to maintain the application of the private copying-exception
to downloading. It did so after the government did not respond to a
similar resolution one year earlier, instead continuing its plans to
abolish the private copying-exception for downloading. Now, however, it
admitted defeat in the face of enduring opposition.
Bits of Freedom hopes that this decision paves the way for the
modernisation of the copyright system. Past political endeavours focused
on the criminalisation of sharing by individual internet users. This is
counterproductive and does not address the real challenge: ensuring that
knowledge and culture is shared as widely as possible while remunerating
rightsholders. The Dutch government should start together with the
Parliament exploring remuneration models which support this goal.
Letter of government to parliament (only in Dutch, 04.02.2013)
Resolution of Dutch parliament (only in Dutch, 11.12.2012)
Blog Bits of Freedom: Download Prohibition finally buried (only in
Dutch, 05.02.2013)
(Contribution by Ot van Daalen - EDRi member Bits of Freedom Netherlands)
5. Denmark: Government postpones the data retention law evaluation
In the coming months, the Danish Parliament will conduct an evaluation
and revision of the Danish data retention law which implements directive
2006/24/EC. The review process has been postponed twice on earlier
occasions (2010 and 2012), and the Danish government wants another
two-year extension, officially in order to coordinate with any changes
in the directive at the EU level.
The Danish law exceeds the requirements of the data retention directive
in several respects, especially as far as Internet logging is concerned.
The Danish law contains a requirement for session logging which includes
data about every Internet packet being transmitted.
Specifically, the following information must be retained: source and
destination IP address, source and destination port number, transmission
protocol (like TCP and UDP) and timestamps. The contents of the
Internet packets are not being logged, but the IP addresses will contain
information about visits to websites of political parties (that is, in
effect, registration of political preferences) and the online news
services that the citizen reads. Last year in the Danish Parliament,
there was considerable debate about the Danish over-implementation of
the data retention directive, in particular Internet session logging.
The Parliament instructed the Danish government to produce an evaluation
report with special focus on session logging. The Danish Ministry of
Justice published this report in December 2012.
The evaluation report contains detailed descriptions of nine police
cases where telephone logging was useful, or maybe even critical, to the
Danish police. These cases are taken from an earlier report submitted to
the EU Commission. All nine cases are about serious and violent crimes
such as murder, armed robbery and organized narcotics smuggling.
For Internet logging there are only three police cases. Moreover, one of
the three cases is really about telephone logging since location data
from a mobile device is used by the police. The location registration
just happens to be triggered by "data calls" from a smartphone. This
leaves two police cases to demonstrate the value of internet logging,
and only one case uses session logging. Both cases involve economic
crimes (fraud) on a relatively minor scale. There is a huge discrepancy
between the nature of the police cases involving telephone and Internet
The report confirms the EDRi member IT-Pol suspicion that Internet
logging, and especially Internet session logging, is rarely used by the
Danish police. Quite interestingly, the Ministry of Justice formally
states in their own evaluation report that session logging was
implemented in a way that made it useless for the police (the
implementation is according to the requirements of the law). Before
September 2007, the Danish Internet service providers repeatedly warned
the Ministry of Justice that session logging would be useless for the
The Danish Ministry of Justice report (only in Danish, 12.2012)
Danish government wants to postpone the evaluation of the data retention
law for the third time (12.02.2013)
EDRi-gram: Key privacy concerns in Denmark 2007 (30.01.2008)
(Contribution by Jesper Lund, EDRi member IT-Pol Denmark)
6. Ancillary copyright law under discussion in Germany
The Judiciary Committee of the German Bundestag held on 30 January 2013
an expert hearing on the proposed bLeistungsschutzrechtb (LRS, known
also as bancillary copyrightb) law for news publishers which will
require search engines and others to ask permission from news publishers
to link to their content or even give summarize news content.
The draft law was criticized by civil society groups as well as the
German association of Internet economy which pointed out the lack of
clarity of the terms used in the text and the negative effects that the
law may bring by restricting the diversity of information on the
internet. Moreover, the legislation is superfluous as publishers are
already protected by copyright provisions. If this bill is enacted
as-is, search engines would be allowed to display snippets only after
having received permission which may involve or not some payment to the
news publishers.
In some cases, a press publisher might pay a search engine to be
included in its searches. The important issue is that a search engine,
and maybe even social networks, will be obliged to ask permission to
provide snippets from a news publisher. The law has several unclear
areas. For instance, it is not clear whether blogs will be considered as
press products due to the vague definition of the term. The expert
hearing was not focused on technological expertise but rather
on how such a law might fit into the current legal framework.
A representative from the publishersb associations asked for a
technical language to express conditions such as temporal, topical or
size restrictions, payment requirements and other conditions but did not
succeed in presenting a proper way of how this could be implemented. All
experts in the hearing agreed the law would create a period (estimated
at about 5 years) of legal uncertainty, requiring a series of lawsuits
before realizing who will actually be within the sights of the LRS. This
uncertainty also applies when we talk about Facebook or Twitter. It is
not yet clear whether the law will cover only search engines such as
Google or it will extend to social networks. MP Siegfried Kauder of the
Christian Democrats party stated that in his opinion, after hearing the
experts, there seemed to be no reason for the promotion of the law as,
it appeared to be unlikely the law would help in actually producing new
income for news publishers.
In the meantime, in France, Google seems to give in under similar
pressure. Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Google made a statement on
the company blog on 1 February 2013, in an attempt to point out that the
search engine had generated bbillions of clicks each monthb for news
publishers, band our advertising solutions (in which we have
invested billions of dollars) help them make money from that traffic.b
But Schmidt also stated that on the same date, he, together
with President Hollande of France, announced two new initiatives bto
help stimulate innovation and increase revenues for French publishers.b
One was the creation of a 60 million euro Digital Publishing Innovation
Fund financed by Google bto help support transformative digital
publishing initiatives for French readers.b The second initiative is to
increase the partnership with French publishers bto help increase their
online revenues using our advertising technology.b
German Parliament Hears Experts On Proposed Law To Limit Search Engines
Google creates b,60m Digital Publishing Innovation Fund to support
transformative French digital publishing initiatives (1.02.2013)
EDRi-gram: Ancillary copyright madness in Germany and France (26.09.2012)
7. Human rights orgs ask OECD to investigate surveillance companies
In the beginning of February 2013 several human rights organisations,
including Privacy International, the European Center for
Constitutional and Human Rights, the Bahrain Center for Human Rights,
Bahrain Watch and Reporters without Borders, filed formal complaints
against surveillance software firms Gamma International and Trovicor.
The OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development)
National Contact Point (NCP) in the UK was asked to investigate Gamma
International regarding the companybs potential complicity in serious
human rights abuses in Bahrain and in Germany, the complaint was
directed against Munich-based Trovicor.
In the opinion of the complainants, there are grounds to believe that
the surveillance products and services provided by the two companies
have led to human rights abuses in Bahrain, including arbitrary
detention and torture, violations of the right to privacy, freedom of
expression and freedom of association. It appears that the information
gathered from intercepted phone and internet communications have been
used to detain and torture bloggers, political dissidents and activists
and to extract confessions from them. If the investigation concludes
that the complaints have a real basis, the companies are likely to be
found in breach of the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
which sets out principles and standards for responsible business conduct.
bThe failure of governments to properly control exports of surveillance
technology has left companies like Gamma and Trovicor regulated
exclusively by their own moral compasses. Unfortunately, these compasses
seem to have malfunctioned and directed companies towards some of the
most dangerous and repressive regimes in the world. We very much hope
the OECD process will persuade Gamma and Trovicor to take a long hard
look at their current and future clients, and to think carefully about
the role their products play in the targeting and torture of activists
and the suppression of pro-democracy voices,b stated Eric King, Head of
Research at Privacy International.
Miriam Saage-MaaC, Vice Legal Director at ECCHR, said: bBy maintaining
permanent business relations with the state of Bahrain and maintaining
their surveillance software, both companies have accepted the risk that
they may be accused of abetting torture and other grave human rights
violations. If true, such actions would amount to a violation of the
OECD Guidelines.b
These are not the only companies involved in providing surveillance
equipment to countries where freedom of expression is oppressed. Many
suppliers, besides the two companies in question, such as Nokia Siemens
Networks, Hacking Team and Bull / Amesys have supplied equipment to
Libya, Egypt, Syria, Bahrain, Morocco and many more countries that have
violated human rights during the last years.
Human rights organisations filed formal complaints with the OECD against
surveillance companies (4.02.2013)
Briefing note on OECD Complaints against Gamma International and
Trovicor in the UK and Germany (02.2013)
Human rights organisations file formal complaints against surveillance
firms Gamma International and Trovicor with British and German
governments (3.02.2013)
EDRi-gram: Export Controls for Digital Weapons (19.12.2013)
EDRi-gram: German government intends to use FinFisher Spyware (30.01.2013)
8. Big Brother Awards 2013 Bulgaria
EDRi member ISOC Bulgaria and the Access to Information Program organized the Big Brother Awards for 2012. This year the "winners" are the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Bulgaria - for lack of action in changing the way special investigative resources (wiretapping) is being used with regards to data traffic, which should ensure high protection of privacy.
For private companies, the "winner" is Toplofikatsia (Central Heating) for collecting and processing private data of its customers.
The BBA awards have been given in Bulgaria since 2003, and usually the  worst governmental institution to deal with privacy is either the Council of Ministers, or the Ministry of Interior. Among private company winners have been also mobile operators, advertising companies and power  distributing companies.
Details about the Bulgarian Big Brother Awards 2013 (only in Bulgarian,  (Contribution by Veni Markovski - EDRi member ISOC Bulgaria)
9. ENDitorial: Licences for Europe and fight club... only one rule
There was a moment in November 2012 when even the most cynical observers
of the European Commission were hopeful of an effective reform of
copyright. Commissioner Barnier gave a speech where he demonstrated that
he understood the problems. He explained that bthe digital revolution
has not yet lived up to expectations in the European contextb and
described some barriers to cross-border access to content as
illegitimate. Finally, the problems had been identified. And recognising
a problem is a first step to solving it.
Then, in December 2012, the Commission was even more explicit. It
explained that the following would be addressed: territoriality in the
Internal Market; harmonisation, limitations and exceptions to copyright
in the digital age; fragmentation of the EU copyright market; and how to
improve effectiveness and efficiency of enforcement while underpinning
its legitimacy in the wider context of copyright reform.
So far, all that has actually happened is the launch of the Commission's
blicences for Europeb initiative. Or rather, the Commission's launched
industry's initiative... or... well, whoever it is that owns it, was
launched. The last line of Commissioner Barnier's speech at the opening
event was very telling. bThe ball is in your court,b he said. He didn't
explain who byoub are b the overwhelming majority of participants
(industry lobbyists), the tiny minority of civil society... or society
in general?
Actually, we know that byoub is not society in general. The first rule
of fight club ...blicences for Europeb is... you do not talk about
blicences for Europeb. No web streaming of the working groups, bChatham
House Rulesb that forbid the attribution of statements to particular
participants or their organisations. The public at large is kept firmly
outside of the process. After the lack of transparency that helped bring
down ACTA, we now have closed doors and bChatham House Rulesb for
blicences for Europeb. And no problem definition for the working groups
to work on.
Barnier's subsequent comment that bit is incomprehensible that Europeans
are coming up against obstacles online which they have been dismantling
in the physical world for more than 50 years,b hovers somewhere between
tragedy and comedy. This statement comes from a Commissioner who
inherited a demonstrably failed 2001 Copyright Directive but has not
acted to fix it. This is the Commissioner that inherited a demonstrably
failed 2004 IPR Enforcement Directive, but has not acted to fix it.
After four years of inaction on licensing and four years of inaction on
exceptions and limitations to copyright, Commissioner Barnier demanded
action... by everyone in the room except himself, to bmeet together to
find fast, specific solutions to problems arising in the here and nowb.
Fast? Faster than what?
So, what now? Well, we will have months of working group meetings,
carefully shielded from the public by the opaque walls of the European
Commission, bringing us closer and closer to the end of this
legislature, at which time Commissioner Barnier can hand over the
dossier to the next incumbent of the bInternal Marketb portfolio.
Instead of less red tape and fewer licences, licences bforb Europe are
likely to generate new barriers and new bureaucracy.
For example, one of the working groups is on buser-generated contentb.
User-generated content is... well... how can this be explained...? It is
user-generated and should not require licensing. Obviously? In many
European countries, users can generate content that avails of exceptions
to copyright for parody/pastiche, for incidental use, uses of minor
importance etc., without licences. However, none of these exceptions are
mandatory, so there is a lack of harmonisation across Europe caused by a
European Directive which the Commission has no obvious intention of
resolving. So, if harmonisation is not possible by the removal of
licensing obligations in those countries which don't have appropriate
exceptions... what will the bworking groupb be bworkingb on? Adding
voluntary blicensingb to remove rights that citizens currently have?
The speech from Commissioner Kroes was not much more inspiring. She said
that she was not btoo keen on heavy-handed legislative measures. They
aren't always needed.b This is true. The question is: when you've
already got heavy-handed legislative measures that are not fit for
purpose b do you repeal or reform them, or do you farm the problem out
to an ad hoc collection of industry lobbyists in order to make it seem
that the problem is being solved?
It normally takes at least 9-12 months for the European Parliament to
adopt a legislative text. The next elections are in 15 months. Is there
no hope for a real reform in the next two years?
Licenses for Europe
Commissioner Kroes speech: Digital technology and copyright can fit
together (4.02.2013)
Commissioner Barnier speech: Making European copyright fit for purpose
in the age of internet (7.11.2012)
Commissioner Barnier speech: Licences for Europe: quality content and
new opportunities for all Europeans in the digital era (4.02.2013)
(Contribution by Joe McNamee - EDRi)
10. Recommended Action: support your privacy rights
EDRi together with other civil rights and data protection organisations
launched on 5 February 2013 the European campaign portal
Privacycampaign.eu in support of better protection for European
citizens' rights to privacy and data protection.
bThis is our one opportunity to develop a strong legal framework,
building trust and removing unnecessary red tape for business. We need a
framework that is guided by clear, predictable legal principles and
strong enforcement. Instead, we have an unprecedented wave of
ill-informed, ill-advised and destructive corporate lobbying. Democracy
needs to be injected back into this debate in order to protect the
rights of European citizensb says Joe McNamee, Executive Director of
European Digital Rights.
The joint campaign launched by European Digital Rights (representing 32
organisations), Privacy International, The Julia Group, La Quadrature du
Net and Access aims at creating a counterweight to the massive lobbying
by the US government, trade associations and big internet business on
the data protection reform.
The organisations believe that without a successful reform of the data
protection framework European citizens will be left with a series of
legal loopholes and a range of unpredictable enforcement gaps where
nobody, neither citizens nor business, knows what law will be enforced.
The action of the European citizens is even more needed after the recent
news that prove that MEPs in the Internal Market and Consumer Committee
(IMCO) have adopted amendments written by Amazon, eBay or the American
Chamber of Commerce (AmCham EU) b to the detriment of European citizens
and their fundamental rights to privacy and data protection.
Privacy Campaign - European Campaign Portal for the Data Protection Reform<
Lobby groups take CTRL+V of data protection proposal (11.02.2013)
11. Recommended Reading
EU: Protection of human rights in the EU "rarely a priority", says
Human Rights Watch (02.2013)
EU cyber security directive considered harmful (8.02.2013)
12. Agenda
14-15 February 2013, Vienna, Austria
Internet 2013 - Shaping policies to advance media freedom
21-22 February 2013, Washington DC, USA
Intellectual Property and Human Rights Conference and Roundtable Discussion
Webcasted live and archived
22 February 2013, Warsaw, Poland
ePSIplatform Conference: "Gotcha! Getting everyone on board"
21-22 March 2013, Malta
Online Privacy: Consenting to your Future
6-8 May 2013, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2013
20-21 June 2013, Lisbon, Portugal
EuroDIG 2013
25-26 June 2013, Barcelona, Spain
9th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Big Data:
Challenges and Opportunities.
25-26 June 2013, Washington, DC, USA
23rd Computers, Freedom and Privacy Conference (CFP)
CfP by 1 March 2013
31 July b 4 August 2013, Geestmerambacht, Netherlands
Observe. Hack. Make. - OHM2013
CfP by 1 March 2013
23-26 September 2013, Warsaw, Poland
Public Voice Conference 2013
35th International Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners conference
13. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-gram.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRi and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2013-01-30 22:22:13
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 11.2, 30 January 2013 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 11.2, 30 January 2013
1. An introduction to Data Protection
2. EU governments keep increasing requests to Google for private data
3.Finnish copyright law might be changed following crowdsourcing support
4. German government intends to use FinFisher Spyware
5. Slovenia has a net neutrality law
6. Greater transparency and accountability of surveillance systems
7. Kroes ignoring the problems on net neutrality?
8. Recommended Action
9. Recommended Reading
10. Agenda
11. About
1. An introduction to Data Protection
EDRi launched the booklet "An introduction to Data Protection" on 28
January 2013, the European Data Protection day.
The booklet is intended to provide an overview of some of the key issues
and jargon surrounding data protection in the digital environment: from
"what is personal data" to anonymisation, profiling, big data and cloud
At its core, data protection is about preserving a fundamental right
that is reflected in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European
Union, Council of Europe Convention 108, as well as other international
agreements and national constitutions.
The processing and re-use of citizensb data has become increasingly
important from an economic perspective. It has lead to pressure to
weaken this fundamental right and also to change the legislative
framework to make legal protections less predictable.
EDRi hopes that this document will be a positive contribution to the
debate, and that the outcome of the review process will ensure
predictable and proportionate protection of privacy in the digital age b
reinforcing the European Unionbs global leadership on this topic.
The booklet is available under Creative Commons BY-SA 3.0 licence,
allowing thus furthers translations and free dissemination.
An introduction to Data Protection (01.2013)
2. EU governments keep increasing requests to Google for private data
According to Google's latest Transparency Report released on 24 January
2013, EU governmentsb requests for usersb IP addresses, Internet
browsing history, email communications or documents have dramatically
increased during the last three years. Only between July and December
2012, the average number of such requests was over 1200/month, more than
a third of all requests made by governments worldwide, and a 100%
increase in the last three years.
bThe information we hand over to companies like Google paints a detailed
picture of who we are - from our political and religious views to our
friendships, associations and locations. This information therefore
merits the highest degree of privacy and security, and should only be
accessed by third parties under exceptional circumstances. Governments
must stop treating the user data held by corporations as a treasure
trove of information they can mine whenever they please, with little or
no judicial authorisation,b said Carly Nyst, Privacy International's
Head of International Advocacy.
Googlebs report also reveals that a large amount of requests was denied
by Google for being too broad in scope, unlawful or incorrectly
submitted. In their major part, the requests involve criminal
investigations. Google states that a request is sometimes made for
several types of data and, in some cases, the company notifies the user
in advance that a government police agency intends to get information
from their accounts.
"The alarming statistics in this latest Transparency Report serve as a
reminder of the need for stronger national and regional privacy
protections in relation to online communications. To this end, Privacy
International, together with a coalition of organisations including the
Electronic Frontier Foundation, will soon be publishing a set of
International Principles on Communications Surveillance and Human
Rights. We hope these principles will offer guidance to governments
about the standards and safeguards that must be put in place to
safeguard the right to privacy online," stated Carly Nyst.
Google Transparency Report
Google Transparency Report for second half of 2012 shows European
government attempts to access private data at an all-time high (24.01.2013)
Estonian President: EU citizens should trust the state on data rights
Google Transparency Report shows rise in data requests (23.01.2013)
EDRi-gram: Google Transparency report: increasing trend of government
censorship (20.06.2012)
3.Finnish copyright law might be changed following crowdsourcing support
People may be able to influence the fate of the copyright legislation in
Finland due to a recent modification of the national Constitution
allowing citizens to make legislative proposals for the Parliament.
The Finnish Constitution says that a private legislative proposal can be
sent to the Parliament for vote if it gets 50 000 supporters within 6
months. Differently from other countries, where a certain number of
signatures makes a private proposal be considered and eventually
discussed by the government, the Finnish constitutional amendment forces
the Finnish government to examine the law, make clarifications if
appropriate, and put it to a vote.
A private non-profit initiative called Open Ministry was formed to
ensure the good quality of the proposals, facilitate the discussion and
collect the signatures for private legislative proposals.
On 23 January 2013, a new proposal called bTo Make Sense of the
Copyright Actb was promoted in Open Ministry aiming at bringing changes
to the copyright law especially regarding Lex Karpela, a 2006 amendment
to the Finnish copyright law that firmly criminalizes digital piracy.
According to Open Ministry chair Joonas Pekkanen, on the basis of Lex
Karpela, "countless youngsters have been found guilty of copyright
crimes and sentenced to pay thousands, in some cases hundreds of
thousands of Euros in punitive damages to the copyright organizations."
The proposal, which is now one of the most commented and signed
proposals in the Open Ministry, having already reached more than 12 500
signatures, includes the reduction of criminal penalties, defining
personal cloud-services and class education as private use and removal
of enforcement rights like "one strike" from the law. In addition, the
individual uploading of copyright-protected material to the Internet
should be reduced to ba misdemeanor". Also, the proposal would allow the
parody and satire of the works and very extensive use of works for
research purposes.
According to the 49 999 group that organises a campaign for the bill,
"To Make Sense of the Copyright Act" has the simple aim of having ba
fair and just copyright law in Finland and "is not a pro-piracy law
proposal.b The proposal thus includes also a section, which would
require fair compensation for artists and authors in the publishing
agreements similarly as the German copyright law already does.
It is possible that the initiative reaches its goal of getting 50 000
signatures by the 23 July 2013 and although there is no guarantee that
the Government will actually approve it as such, at least it needs to
give proper attention to it.
Finnish campaigners seek crowdsourced change to copyright legislation
Finlandbs Crowdsourced Copyright Law Proposal (23.01.2013)
Finland is crowdsourcing its new copyright law (23.01.2013)
Lex Karpela
The 49 999 Campaign page:
Signature count (only in Finnish)
Open Ministry - Crowdsourcing Legislation (English blog page for Open
4. German government intends to use FinFisher Spyware
A classified document of the German Ministry of Interior, revealed by
netzpolitik.org, shows that the German Federal Police office has
purchased the commercial Spyware toolkit FinFisher of Eleman/Gamma
Group, for telecommunication surveillance.
Commercial software meant to survey telecommunications has been used by
the German police before. In October 2011, German organization Chaos
Computer Club (CCC) revealed and analysed the use of a malware created
by DigiTask and used by German government authorities. CCC showed that
DigiTask software was badly programmed, lacked elementary security
protection and allowed remote updating and adding of new features, being
therefore in breach of the German law.
DigiTask spyware has been largely dropped and many German authorities
started to create their own state malware. A Center of Competence for
Information Technology Surveillance (CC ITC) was established for this
purpose. According to the leaked classified document dated 7 December,
the Federal Criminal Police Office plans to have its own surveillance
malware by the end of 2014. But until then, the police will continue to
use commercial software and therefore, has acquired such a product from
company Eleman/Gamma.
The software in question, FinFisher/FinSpy IT, a very complex programme
that can take over several types of devices such as Windows, OS X,
Linux, iOS, Android, Symbian or Blackberry, is known to have been used
by authoritarian regimes in the world to spy on political activists.
Although the software is kept secret, it appears that it consists of a
trojan that can also remotely load additional feature modules, such as a
module for recording Skype conversations. In any case, the Federal
Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information and the
Federal Office for Information Security, as it comes out from the leaked
document from the Ministry of Interior, were unable to audit the source
code of the program to verify whether it complies with the German law.
bWith the purchase of Gamma FinFisher, the Federal Criminal Police
Office has chosen a vendor that has become a symbol for the use of
surveillance technology in oppressive regimes worldwide. FinFisher also
consists of various components, which can be loaded when needed, thereby
allowing the installation of spying capabilities that go far beyond the
already questionable bwiretapping at the source,bb stated CCC
spokesperson Frank Rieger.
In UK, the Secretary of State put FinSpy software under export
restrictions, requiring Gamma company to acquire a licence to export
these tools.
Secret Government Document Reveals: German Federal Police Plans To Use
Gamma FinFisher Spyware (16.01.2013)
Chaos Computer Club analyzes government malware (8.11.2011)
German Federal Cops Buy Notorious FinFisher Surveillance Software
British government admits it has already started controlling exports of
Gamma International's FinSpy (10.09.2012)
EDRi-gram: Details on German State Trojan programme (24.10.2012)
5. Slovenia has a net neutrality law
On 20 December 2012, the Slovenian Parliament approved a legislative
framework (the Economic Communications Bill) that includes net
neutrality, confirming the open and neutral character of the Internet
and forbidding the discrimination of Internet traffic on the basis of
the services provided.
Although the text of the law is not entirely clear, it seems that ISPs
will not be allowed to restrict or delay Internet traffic, unless the
purpose is to solve congestions, preserve security or address spam, and
they will not be allowed to charge their subscribers with different
prices for connectivity, on the basis on the services provided over the
A similar law was passed in the Netherlands and is under debate in
Belgium. Incumbent companies might strongly criticise this direction as
it affects their attempts to apply high fees for connectivity to major
online services providers such as Google.
The fight for real Internet neutrality could be affected by such type
of legislation, especially if more EU member states decide to pass
similar laws.
Slovenia reinforces net neutrality principles (3.01.2013)
6. Greater transparency and accountability of surveillance systems
A report called "Surveillance, Fighting Crime and Violence" was produced
by the IRISS (Increasing Resilience in Surveillance Societies) project
funded by the European Commission under the 7th Framework Programme.
The report analyses the factors underpinning the development and use of
surveillance systems and technologies by both public authorities and
private actors, their implications in fighting crime and terrorism,
social and economic costs, protection and infringement of civil
liberties, fundamental rights and ethical aspects.
The project has identified the following trends: (1) a substantial
growth of public sector demand for surveillance bolstered by the
adoption of identity schemes and terrorist detection technologies and
markets, (2) an increase in the demand for civil and commercial
surveillance, (3) the development of a global industry in surveillance,
(4) an increase in integrated surveillance solutions, and (5) a rise in
the government use of cross-border surveillance solutions.
bThe role of surveillance in law enforcement is expanding,b says IRISS
project co-ordinator Reinhard Kreissl. bThere has been a shift in its
use in identifying offenders before they have committed a crime. This
has affected the presumption of innocence in a way that citizens are now
considered suspects (a shift to a presumption of guilt).b With the
growth of encompassing preventive surveillance, the presumption of
innocence as an important legal safeguard is gradually hollowed out.
bThere are numerous open questions about the usefulness and
effectiveness of surveillance technologies and their possible rebound
effects, specifically in relation to surveillance measures introduced to
fight terrorism and organised crime without knowledge of their
effectiveness and consideration of their negative side effects.b
Among the reportbs other findings and recommendations, two of them
should be mention in the current context:
1. Important social costs of surveillance include the social damage
caused by false positives of suspects of criminal and terrorist
activities, the categorical suspicion and discrimination of members of
certain social or ethnic groups, the marginalising effects and social
inequalities caused by invasive monitoring of those of lower social
status, the inhibitory effects of surveillance which can undermine
social and democratic activities, and the erosion of trust in society.
2. Data protection authorities as external overseers and regulators
typically focus upon the privacy-related implications of surveillance
and find it difficult to embrace a wider perspective of values in their
regulatory exhortations and enforcement practice. The laws within which
they operate do not normally give them a licence to roam across the
range of values to invoke when they seek to limit surveillance.
The report was produced by a consortium of 16 partners from
universities, research institutes and companies from Austria, Belgium,
Germany, Hungary, Italy, Norway, Slovakia, Spain and the United Kingdom.
IRISS report: "Surveillance, Fighting Crime and Violence" (17.12.2012)
IRSS project
7. Kroes ignoring the problems on net neutrality?
Neelie Kroes, the European Commissioner for Internet-related policies,
recently published an article in the French newspaper Liberation stating
that while she was in favour of an open Internet and maximum choice that
must be protected, and she believed that "consumers should be free to
make their own choices about their Internet subscriptionsb, this "does
not preclude consumers from subscribing to more differentiated, limited
Internet offers, possibly for a lower price."
The entire discussion occurred after Free, one of the largest ISPs in
France, decided to block Web ads by default on its FreeBox router thus
placing several ISPs which depend on advertising in a very bad position.
This kind of practice can be avoided by making net neutrality mandatory
through EU legislation which will ensure a fair competition on the
market and will promote innovation.
In her opinion, Kroes drew the attention that consumers bshould not
forget that choice has consequences. Opting for blocking ads or
requesting privacy (bdo not trackb) may mean you donbt get access to
content for free. The internet does not run on its own. The network,
content and internet access all have to be paid for by someone. Many
smaller web operators exist on the basis of innovative advertising
models. There are various ways consumers pay for content, including by
viewing advertisements before or during their access to content.
Businesses should accept that different consumers will have different
preferences, and design services accordingly.b
However, less than one year ago, in May 2012 Kroes stated: bWe have
recently seen how many thousands of people are willing to protest
against rules which they see as constraining the openness and innovation
of the Internet. This is a strong new political voice. And as a force
for openness, I welcome it, even if I do not always agree with
everything it says on every subject. We are now likely to be in a world
without SOPA and without ACTA. Now we need to find solutions to make the
Internet a place of freedom, openness, and innovation fit for all
citizens, not just for the techno avant-garde.b
But now, the commissioner brings in the bfree marketb argument in favour
of differentiated offers which will actually restrict the open market
for online services.
bOn net neutrality, consumers need effective choice on the type of
internet subscription they sign up to. That means real clarity, in
non-technical language. About effective speeds in normal conditions, and
about any restrictions imposed on traffic b and a realistic option to
switch to a bfullb service, without such restrictions, offered by their
own provider or another. Ensuring consumer choice can mean constraints
on others b in this case, an obligation for all internet service
providers to offer an accessible bfullb option to their customers. But
such choice should also drive innovation and investment by internet
providers, with benefits for all. I am preparing a Commission initiative
to secure this effective consumer choice in Europe.b
La Quatrature du Net has been quick in reacting and qualified Kroesb
opinion as a bshameless defence of operatorsb. bNet neutrality is not a
question of market but, before anything else, a question of fundamental
freedoms", stated Benjamin Sonntag, co-founder of La Quadrature du Net.
Net Neutrality: Neelie Kroes Yields to Operator Pressure (17.01.2013)
Internet and filtering applications: a question of choice and recipes
(in French, 16.01.2013)
Internet and filtering applications: a tale of choice and revenues
Will Neelie Kroes Defend or Destroy EU Net Neutrality? (21.01.2013)
EU Commissioner Kroes won't be bullied on net neutrality, says spokesman
EDRi-gram: French Minister asks US company to uphold France's values
8. Recommended Action
Sign The Brussels Privacy Declaration!
On 24 January 2013, EDRi, Privacy International, EPIC and Bits of
Freedom launched The Brussels Privacy Declaration during the Computers,
Privacy and Data Protection Conference (CPDP) in Brussels.
The declaration describes the concerns of civil society organizations as
well as of academics and citizens about the data protection law reform
and calls upon the European Parliament as and national governments to
safeguards citizens' privacy rights.
The declaration has been sent to MEPs and the European Commission on 28
January 2013 (Data Protection Day).
The Brussels Privacy Declaration
9. Recommended Reading
RIP CleanIT (29.01.2013)
Fear, uncertainty and doubt b the key threats to the fundamental right
to privacy
Copyright vs Freedom of Expression ECHR Judgment -  Ashby Donald and
others vs France (22.01.2013)
US free to grab EU data on American clouds (28.01.2013)
Study Maps the Emerging Ethics of File Sharing and Copyright Enforcement
Letter to Skype about confidentiality concerns (24.01.2013)
Identity Project tells UN Human Rights Committee that US violates the
right to travel (8.01.2013)
10. Agenda
2-3 February 2013, Brussels, Belgium
14-15 February 2013, Vienna, Austria
Internet 2013 - Shaping policies to advance media freedom
21-22 February 2013, Washington DC, USA
Intellectual Property and Human Rights Conference and Roundtable Discussion
Webcasted live and archived
22 February 2013, Warsaw, Poland
ePSIplatform Conference: "Gotcha! Getting everyone on board"
21-22 March 2013, Malta
Online Privacy: Consenting to your Future
6-8 May 2013, Berlin, Germany
re:publica 2013
CfP by 31 January 2013
20-21 June 2013, Lisbon, Portugal
EuroDIG 2013
25-26 June 2013, Barcelona, Spain
9th International Conference on Internet Law & Politics: Big Data:
Challenges and Opportunities.
25-26 June 2013, Washington, DC, USA
23rd Computers, Freedom and Privacy Conference (CFP)
CfP by 1 March 2013
31 July b 4 August 2013, Geestmerambacht, Netherlands
Observe. Hack. Make. - OHM2013
23-26 September 2013, Warsaw, Poland
Public Voice Conference 2013
35th International Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners conference
11. About
EDRi-gram is a biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe.
Currently EDRi has 32 members based or with offices in 20 different
countries in Europe. European Digital Rights takes an active interest in
developments in the EU accession countries and wants to share knowledge
and awareness through the EDRi-gram.
All contributions, suggestions for content, corrections or agenda-tips
are most welcome. Errors are corrected as soon as possible and are
visible on the EDRi website.
Except where otherwise noted, this newsletter is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. See the full text at
Newsletter editor: Bogdan Manolea Information about EDRi and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.

@_date: 2013-03-13 20:49:06
@_author: EDRi-gram 
@_subject: EDRi-gram newsletter - Number 11.5, 13 March 2013 
biweekly newsletter about digital civil rights in Europe
Number 11.5, 13 March 2013
1. EDRi at its 10th anniversary
2. France slowly advances towards net neutrality?
3. Ukrainian online editor beaten up for critical articles
4. Article 29 WP takes the next step in its Google investigation
5. Hadopi wants to turn to privatised enforcement measures
6. Total transparency on ACTA and TAFTA documents
7.ENDitorial:Porn, Parliament, Posturing, Politics + Privatised Policing
8. Recommended Reading
9. Agenda
10. About
1. EDRi at its 10th anniversary
EDRi celebrated the 10th anniversary with its friends and supporters on
2 March 2013 with music from DJ MEP Ehrenhauser & friends and DJs pEtEr
Withoutfield, Tasmo & Cpt Pudding /Blogrebellen with Creative Commons
sound only.
On the 4th of March 2013, EDRi also celebrated the 10th anniversary at
the European Parliament in Brussels. To mark the occasion, EDRi held a
meeting with European Commission Vice-President, Viviane Reding.
"As EU Commissioner in charge of the Information Society and now as EU
Commissioner for Justice, I have worked together with the European
Digital Rights organisation for many years," said Ms. Reding. "Thanks to
our joint efforts we have made sure that the internet could not be
blocked and that data protection standards remain high in Europe. Today
we are celebrating EDRi's 10th anniversary. Congratulations for 10 years
of great work! I look forward to continuing our joint efforts for strong
data protection rules in Europe. EDRi's continuous support is crucial to
make sure that the fundamental right to data protection is properly
protected in our European Union."
At the EDRi General Assembly of 2-3 March 2013 in Bruxelles, Belgium,
EDRi welcomed 3 new members: Alternative Informatics Association from
Turkey, Modern Poland Foundation and Initiatve fC
Information about EDRi and its members:
European Digital Rights needs your help in upholding digital rights in
the EU. If you wish to help us promote digital rights, please consider
making a private donation.
- EDRI-gram subscription information
subscribe by e-mail
You will receive an automated e-mail asking to confirm your request.
Unsubscribe by e-mail
- EDRI-gram in Macedonian
EDRI-gram is also available partly in Macedonian, with delay.
Translations are provided by Metamorphosis
- EDRI-gram in German
EDRI-gram is also available in German, with delay. Translations are
provided by Andreas Krisch from the EDRI-member VIBE!AT - Austrian
Association for Internet Users
- Newsletter archive
Back issues are available at:
- Help
Please ask  if you have any problems with subscribing
or unsubscribing.
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
