
@_date: 1996-01-09 03:20:13
@_author: ee380 
@_subject: W 4:15 ** Markoff and Shimomura on the pursuit of Kevin Mitnick, ComputerCriminal 
Highly edited announcement perhaps of interest to SF Bay Area cpunks.  My
appologies to those that are not interested in the subject.  -  Bill Frantz
                EE380 Computer Systems Colloquium
Time:           4:15-5:30 pm
Location:       Skilling Auditorium, Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Speakers:       John Markoff, New York Times
                Tsutomu Shimomura, San Diego Supercomputer Center
Title:          Takedown: The Capture of Kevin Mitnick
                        Abstract
Shimomura and Markoff will talk about the pursuit and capture of Kevin
Mitnick, a 32-year old computer programmer who was arrested in
Raleigh, N.C. last year by the FBI, after Shimomura, working on behalf
of several Internet service providers,  traced him to an apartment
complex on the outskirts of the city. Shimomura and Markoff have
cooperated to write a soon to be released book about the pursuit,
Takedown (Hyperion 1996)
* EE380 is the Computer Systems Laboratory Colloquium.  The Colloquium *
* meets most Wednesdays throughout the normal academic year.           *
*                                                                      *
* For information on the class send e-mail with a subject line         *
* mentioning "info" in the subject line to ee380 at shasta.stanford.edu.  *
*                                                                      *
* WWW Page:                  *

@_date: 2001-11-24 17:04:49
@_author: ee380 
@_subject: Robert Morris, 
4:15PM, Wednesday, November 28, 2001
     NEC Auditorium, Gates Computer Science Building B03
For additional information consult Title:		Autonomic Computing
Speaker:	Robert Morris
About the talk:
The information technology boom can only explode for so long
before it collapses on itself in a jumble of wires, buttons and
knobs. IBM recently called on all researchers and industry
members to attack the growing problem of complexity in IT by
building more self-managing systems, and in creating a holistic
approach to simplification of all aspects of these systems. The
goal is to reduce maintenance, improve availability and
ease-of-use, and lower costs. The human body's self-regulating
nervous system presents an excellent model for creating the next
generation of computing, autonomic computing. Robert Morris,
Director of IBM's Almaden research Center in San Jose, will
describe the motivation for this effort and some of the projects
and results being undertaken at IBM. To succeed, this vision of
an IT infrastructure will require the participation of IT
researchers and developers throughout industry, government and
academia. To read more about autonomic computing, see
About the speaker:
Dr. Robert Morris is Director of IBM's Almaden Research Center,
IBM's second largest research lab. The Almaden lab is focussed on
a wide range of basic and applied research and was responsible
for the development of the disk drive and the relational
database. Today, research there spans from atoms to humans, i.e.,
from nanotechnology and individual atom manipulation, through
hardware and system development and a large computer science lab,
to human interface research. Robert has been the director there
for two years, previously he was at IBM Watson Research center
(responsible for advanced systems research, including personal
systems, the Deep Blue chess project, etc). Before that he was a
researcher in storage and data management at Almaden and, prior
to 1991, at Bell Labs. He is a Fellow of the IEEE and a Member of
IBM's Academy of Technology.
Contact information:
Robert Morris
IBM Almaden Research Center
650 Harry Rd, San Jose
CA 95120
408 927 2200
rjtm at us.ibm.com
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
    Bill Stewart
