
@_date: 2005-12-20 11:41:30
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: State refuses to approve Diebold voting machines 
State refuses to approve Diebold voting machines
By Edwin Garcia
Mercury News Sacramento Bureau
SACRAMENTO - Suggesting the ``security and integrity'' of electronic
voting could be at risk, Secretary of State Bruce McPherson on
Tuesday refused to approve the use of thousands of electronic voting
machines pending a federal evaluation.
The touch-screen and optical-scan machines, made by Diebold Election
Systems and used in 17 counties, including Alameda, were found to
have ``unresolved significant security concerns'' with a memory card
that stores votes in each machine, McPherson's elections chief, Caren
Daniels-Meade, said in a letter to the company's vice president,
David Byrd.
At issue is whether the removable cards, which are used to program
and configure the machines, will keep data secure.
The Secretary of State's office is asking Diebold to submit the
machine's source code for review by the federal Independent Testing
Authorities before resubmitting the company's application for
certification in California.
Byrd, Diebold's vice president of business operations, is eager to
``Diebold Election Systems is always willing to participate in
responsible testing to show that our voting systems are up to the
task of giving more Californians an accessible and reliable way to
vote,'' Byrd said. ``This has always been our goal: to provide a more
accurate, secure and accessible voting process for all Californians.''
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-26 11:58:05
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: Victims of the darkness: Government surveillance and 
I'm not sure which is more interesting, the story or the source.
Victims of the darkness: Government surveillance and intimidation
12/26/2005 13:42
The Bush Administration has consistently harassed citizens who
exercise their First Amendment freedoms and voice concerns about
government policies
"As nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression. In both
instances there is a twilight where everything remains seemingly
unchanged, and it is in such a twilight that we must be aware of the
change in the air, however slight, lest we become unwitting victims
of the darkness." Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas
Not since the notorious McCarthy era of the 1950s, when American
freedoms faced extinction, has there been such an attack against the
Bill of Rights. The recent media focus on President Bush's
authorizing the National Security Agency to spy on ordinary Americans
has brought this issue to the forefront. On secret orders from
President Bush, the NSA has been monitoring the international phone
calls and emails of Americans without warrants.
Moreover, the Bush Administration has consistently harassed citizens
who exercise their First Amendment freedoms and voice concerns about
government policies. The main weapon used in this war is
intimidation, specifically through governmental surveillance and
government agents.
Indeed, the American government has a near paranoia about dissenting
citizens. "The Administration and campaign of George W. Bush," writes
former Congressman Bob Barr (R-Ga.), "is squelching any possible hint
of disagreement or protest at every political rally or gathering."
For example, in March of this year, three citizens were removed from
President Bush's town hall meeting in Aurora, Colo., because the car
they arrived in featured the bumper sticker, "No More Blood for Oil."
This past summer, FBI agents went to Windsor, Conn., with a document
marked for delivery by hand. On Matianuk Avenue, across from the
tennis courts, two special agents found their man. They gave George
Christian the letter, which warned him to tell no one - ever - what
it said. The letter, which was on FBI stationery, directed Christian
to surrender "all subscriber information, billing information and
access logs of any person" who used a specific computer at a library
branch some distance away.
Christian, who manages digital records for three dozen Connecticut
libraries, said in an affidavit that he configures his system for
privacy. But the vendors of the software Christian operates said
their databases can reveal the websites that visitors browse, the e-
mail accounts they open and the books they borrow. Christian refused
to hand over the records, and his employer, Library Connection, Inc.,
filed suit for the right to protest the FBI demand in public.
This case affords a rare glimpse of an exponentially growing practice
of domestic surveillance under some of the heinous provisions of the
USA Patriot Act. National security letters, such as the one issued to
George Christian, were created in the 1970s for espionage and
terrorism investigations.
They were originally intended as narrow exceptions in consumer
privacy law, enabling the FBI to review in secret the customer
records of suspected foreign agents. However, the Patriot Act and
Bush Administration guidelines for its use have transformed those
letters by permitting clandestine scrutiny of U. S. residents and
visitors who are not alleged to be terrorists or spies.
"The FBI now issues more than 30,000 national security letters a
year," writes Barton Gellman in The Washington Post, "a hundredfold
increase over historic norms. The letters - one of which can be used
to sweep up the records of many people - are extending the bureau's
reach as never before into the telephone calls, correspondence and
financial lives of ordinary Americans." Indeed, according to a
previously classified document released recently, the FBI has
conducted clandestine surveillance on some U. S. residents for as
long as 18 months at a time without proper paperwork or oversight.
Thus, the government does not limit its attacks to actual terrorists.
Ordinary American citizens are the focus as well. Take the case of
Selena Jarvis, a social studies teacher at Currituck County High
School in North Carolina. She assigned her senior civics and
economics class to use photographs to illustrate their freedoms as
found in the Bill of Rights. One student photographed a picture of
George W. Bush next to his own hand in a thumbs-down position as a
way to express his freedom to dissent.
However, while developing the student's photographs, a Wal-Mart photo
department employee, in obvious need of some education on the Bill of
Rights, called the police. They then contacted the Secret Service.
But rather than dismissing the case, the Secret Service decided to
investigate the matter. The agents interrogated the student and
questioned Jarvis. While questioning Jarvis, an agent asked her if
she thought the photo was suspicious. Dumbfounded, Jarvis responded,
"No, it was a Bill of Rights project!" Jarvis was startled at the
claim that the student was a terrorist and called the whole thing
Why would the Secret Service, which is not run by incompetent
individuals, take the time to investigate a high school student and
his class project? It is safe to assume that the Secret Service knew
the student was not a terrorist and wanted to make an example of him
for others who might be bold enough to use their right to dissent.
After the ordeal, Selena Jarvis commented, "I blame Wal-Mart more
than anybody. I was really disgusted with them. But everyone was
using poor judgment, from Wal-Mart up to the Secret Service."
Unfortunately, this is not the only "ridiculous" case of individuals
tattling on their neighbors. For example, Barry Reingold was
questioned by the FBI after he criticized the war in Afghanistan in
the locker room of his local health club. In another case, Derek
Kjar's neighbors reported his bumper sticker of George Bush wearing a
crown with the heading "King George - off with his head." As a
result, Kjar was interrogated by the Secret Service. In both
instances, close contacts of the two men reported them to the
And as if things weren't bad enough, the military is now spying on
us. A secret database obtained by NBC News recently reveals that the
Department of Defense and the Pentagon have also increased
intelligence collection on American citizens inside the country. This
includes monitoring peaceful anti-war groups and protests and
involves video taping, monitoring the Internet and collecting the
name of anyone critical of the government.
There is even a toll-free number for anyone interested to report on
fellow Americans to the military. And the spying even includes
religious groups such as those attending the Quaker Meeting House in
Lake Worth, Florida. "On a domestic level, this is unprecedented,"
says NBC News analyst William Arkin. "I think it is the beginning of
enormous problems and enormous mischief for the military."
Since 9/11, it has been consistently drummed into our heads by the
government, with all its alerts and multi-colored alarms, that
terrorists are everywhere and even your next door neighbor could be
one. As a result, the government's promotion of fear and paranoia has
moved us closer to an Orwellian state where citizens inform on one
another. The result is that the citizens often do the job of the
police and no longer use good judgment before reporting their
neighbors. In the process, such informing citizens are doing away
with their own freedoms.
These tactics are not new to the world. The Nazi and Soviet secret
police of former regimes were infamous for such tactics. The police
controlled the people through fear, and the subsequent result was a
totalitarian state. They turned their respective population into a
society of informers.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, the Nobel Peace Prize-winning author and
former Soviet dissident, once spoke of how fear destroys the will of
the people. He noted how the Russian people would kneel inside the
doors of their apartments, pressing their ears to listen when the KGB
came at midnight to arrest a neighbor who had spoken out against the
government. Solzhenitsyn said that if all the people would have come
out and driven off the secret police, sheer public opinion would have
demoralized the effort to subdue a free people. But fear and paranoia
kept the people at bay.
We should not be afraid of government agents, whether employed by the
FBI, the military or local authorities. Their salaries are paid
through our tax dollars. Supposedly, they are our servants. Truly
free societies do not function that way. Our fear of government
servants is a clear indication of ominous things to come. If citizens
are too frightened to use their freedoms, then those freedoms will
become extinct. And the darkness will be complete.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-31 02:57:02
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: Pupils Being Given 'Patriotism' Tests in Washington State 
Click the link at the bottom of the page to see a copy of the
Pupils Being Given 'Patriotism' Tests in Washington State Schools
Children in Washington State are being given 'Patriotism tests' which
are completely unrelated to their studies. The paper gauges whether
or not the student shows fealty to the power of the state and whether
the student believes in the right to overthrow a corrupt government.
A reader from Washington State writes us to highlight a questionnaire
paper handed out to her daughter and the rest of her 10th grade class.
The reader comments,
"We live in Washington state. My daughter is in 10th grade and found
this to be interesting. She has a GPA of 3.75 and uses her brain.
This was given in her English class, and has nothing to do with the
materials they were studying. We thought you might be able to use
this. They are grooming our kids. Keep up the great work. Christine."
The paper is shown below. Click for an enlargement.
Considering the fact that this paper is a complete one off in that it
is not part of any standard curriculum, we must question the
motivations behind it.
Is the paper a means of gauging the level of obedience to the state
amongst American teenagers?
We have covered several examples before where the government
identifies a target group in society and canvasses their views on the
nature of power and when that power goes too far. For example, in the
90's, American marines and national guard were occasionally asked if
they would be willing to fire on American citizens in a time of crisis.
We are by no means against patriotism when it means love of country.
Unfortunately however, the new brand of so-called patriotism
translates as worship of government, and that definition is something
that the founding fathers never intended.
This may be an isolated case but if we receive anything similar then
watch this space for any updates.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-22 09:27:32
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: Secrecy Power Sinks Patent Case 
Secrecy Power Sinks Patent Case
By Kevin Poulsen
02:00 AM Sep. 20, 2005 PT
When New England inventor Philip French had his epiphany 15 years
ago, he didn't dream it would lead to an invention that would be
pressed into service in a top-secret government project, or spawn an
epic court battle over the limits of executive power. He was just
admiring a tennis ball.
The ball's seam, with its two symmetrical halves embracing each other
in a graceful curve, intrigued him. "I thought, my god, I bet you can
do something with that kind of shape," he recalls. He was right.
French and two colleagues went on to design and patent a device now
called the Crater Coupler, a simple, foolproof connector for linking
one pipe or cable to another without nut threads or bolted flanges.
The device is interesting on its own, but the broader legal legacy of
the invention may be more important. In a little-noticed opinion this
month, a federal appeals court ruled against the Crater Coupler
patent holders and upheld a sweeping interpretation of the
controversial "state secrets privilege" -- an executive power handed
down from the English throne under common law that lets the
government effectively kill civil lawsuits deemed a threat to
national security, even if the state is not a party to the suit.
The ruling is notable as a rare appellate interpretation of the state
secrets privilege as it applies to patent holders. As such, it is a
potentially worrying development for inventors -- particularly those
developing weapons, surveillance and anti-terror technologies for
government contractors -- who may find infringement claims dismissed
without a hearing under the auspices of national security. It also
offers a fascinating, if limited, view into the machinery of official
secrecy at a time when the privilege is being exercised as never before.
"It's the most powerful privilege the government has," says William
Weaver, senior adviser to the National Security Whistleblowers
Coalition. "It's the nuclear option. It never fails."
French says he and his partners -- Charles Monty and Steven Van
Keiren -- got the first inkling of a national security application
for the Crater Coupler a decade ago. While shopping the new design
around to "a whole mess of quick-disconnect companies," the trio
received an intriguing inquiry from Lucent Technologies, the
reincarnation of the legendary Bell Labs research center, and at that
time still part of AT&T.
Lucent wanted to evaluate the Crater Coupler for use as a fiber-optic
"wetmate" -- an airtight connector for two fiber-optic cables
designed to operate underwater. It was part of a contract with a U.S.
government agency that, the company said, would have to remain
unnamed. "It was a secret black job, they couldn't divulge what it
was for," says French. "Who it was for, the Navy or the CIA, or who
knows, they never said."
A Lucent spokesman confirmed that the company had contact with French
in 1995, but wouldn't discuss the details, citing government secrecy
But according to French, the inventors agreed to help Lucent try to
adapt the Crater Coupler to the company's needs, with the expectation
that Lucent would license the group's patent if it all worked out.
The inventors sent over plans, sketches and a model, and French began
consulting and advising a Lucent engineer in monthly phone calls.
After about a year of development and testing, Lucent had good news
for the inventors: The device passed all the tests, shaming a
competing, clunky design that French says resembled an old thermos.
But when the inventors got on the phone with Lucent's lawyers to
discuss license terms, the company dropped a bomb. "Almost the first
thing they said was, 'Well, we don't have to do anything, because
this is under some sort of provision for military secret stuff where
we don't have to pay anything,'" says French.
French felt betrayed. "This was after a year of encouragement, with
me helping them and them informing us of their progress," says
French. "That was one hell of a shock."
Lucent eventually offered the inventors $100,000 for the right to
produce 1,000 wetmate couplers. The offer caused a rift between
French and his partners: They wanted to make a counteroffer of
$500,000, but French -- in his 60s and recently retired -- wanted to
take what was on the table. "I said, well, Lucent doesn't have to do
a thing, so why don't we take $100,000 and be happy with that?"
Unable to agree, French's partners bought him out for a flat $30,000.
"I used some of the money to have a garage built," French says.
Lucent rejected the remaining inventors' counteroffer, and in 1998
Monty and Van Keiren, now incorporated as Crater Corp., filed a
federal lawsuit in eastern Missouri against Lucent alleging patent
infringement, trade-secret theft and breach of contract. Crater's
attorney, Robert Schultz, says there's a question of basic fairness.
"Lucent's made a ton of dough, and my clients are out in the cold,"
says Schultz.
The patent-infringement portion of the case has since been dismissed,
under a federal law that says a company can't be sued for
infringement if the development was for the exclusive use of the
After a year of pretrial wrangling, the case had progressed to the
point that Schultz could start subpoenaing documents to support his
claim, when the government intervened to assert the state secrets
Never passed by Congress, the privilege has its roots in English
common law and was cemented into American jurisprudence by a landmark
1953 Supreme Court case titled U.S. v. Reynolds. In Reynolds, the
widows of three men who died in a mysterious Air Force crash sued the
government, and U.S. officials tried to quash the lawsuit by claiming
that they couldn't release any information about the accident without
endangering national security. The Supreme Court upheld the claim,
establishing a legal precedent that today allows the executive branch
to block the release of information in any civil suit -- even if the
government isn't the one being sued.
According to research by Weaver, an associate professor of political
science at the University of Texas, the government invoked the
privilege only four more times in the next 23 years. But following
the Watergate scandal, the executive branch began applying state
secrecy claims more liberally. Between 1977 and 2001, there were at
least 51 civil lawsuits in which the government claimed the state
secrets privilege -- in every case successfully.
"There was more oversight of presidential activity" after Watergate,
says Weaver. "In response to that, I think presidents resorted to the
state secrets privilege to keep that oversight from cramping their
Under Reynolds, the head of a federal agency must personally
intervene to invoke the privilege. In Crater v. Lucent, it was
Richard J. Danzig, then-secretary of the Navy, who did the honors. In
a March 1999 declaration, Danzig claimed that permitting Crater to
pursue a legal inquiry into the government's alleged use of their
coupler would tip off U.S. adversaries to certain highly classified
government operations and "could be expected to cause extremely grave
damage to national security."
"Those operations and programs are currently ongoing," Danzig wrote.
"It is therefore my opinion that disclosure of information concerning
them would permit potential adversaries to adopt specific measures to
defeat or otherwise impair the effectiveness of those operations and
Judge E. Richard Webber granted the government's request immediately,
and blocked the Crater inventors from obtaining any information from
Lucent or the feds about the government's alleged use of the Crater
Coupler or any other coupling device. In the legal battle that
followed, it emerged that the order covered an astonishing 26,000
documents -- some of which were not only unclassified, but had
already been entered into the public record. In 2002, Webber examined
those documents in chambers, and concluded that not one of them would
be available for Crater's use in pressing its case.
Schultz turned to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals. This month a
divided three-judge panel ruled (.pdf) that the lower court had
properly applied the state secrets privilege. "I would have thought
that courts would be more hesitant to apply it to the patent area,
but in this case there was no hesitancy whatsoever," says Weaver.
In a dissenting opinion, Circuit Judge Pauline Newman wrote that the
ruling efficiently killed Crater's lawsuit, and argued that a saner
solution would have been to proceed with the case behind closed doors

@_date: 2006-02-14 09:47:45
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: Whistleblower says NSA violations bigger 
Whistleblower says NSA violations bigger
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14 (UPI) -- A former NSA employee said Tuesday there
is another ongoing top-secret surveillance program that might have
violated millions of Americans' Constitutional rights.
Russell D. Tice told the House Government Reform Subcommittee on
National Security, Emerging Threats and International Relations he
has concerns about a "special access" electronic surveillance program
that he characterized as far more wide-ranging than the warrentless
wiretapping recently exposed by the New York Times but he is
forbidden from discussing the program with Congress.
Tice said he believes it violates the Constitution's protection
against unlawful search and seizures but has no way of sharing the
information without breaking classification laws. He is not even
allowed to tell the congressional intelligence committees - members
or their staff - because they lack high enough clearance.
Neither could he brief the inspector general of the NSA because that
office is not cleared to hear the information, he said.
Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Christopher Shays, R-Conn., and Dennis
Kucinich, D-Ohio, said they believe a few members of the Armed
Services Committee are cleared for the information, but they said
believe their committee and the intelligence committees have
jurisdiction to hear the allegations.
"Congressman Kucinich wants Congressman Shays to hold a hearing (on
the program)," said Doug Gordon, Kucinich's spokesman. "Obviously it
would have to take place in some kind of a closed hearing. But
Congress has a role to play in oversight. The (Bush) administration
does not get to decide what Congress can and can not hear."
Tice was testifying because he was a National Security Agency
intelligence officer who was stripped of his security clearance after
he reported his suspicions that a former colleague at the Defense
Intelligence Agency was a spy. The matter was dismissed by the DIA,
but Tice pressed it later and was subsequently ordered to take a
psychological examination, during which he was declared paranoid. He
is now unemployed.
Tice was one of the New York Times sources for its wiretapping story,
but he told the committee the information he provided was not secret
and could have been provided by an private sector electronic
communications professional.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-31 08:25:53
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: Why Should Feds Track College Students? 
Why Should Feds Track College Students?
July 31, 2006
Does the federal government need to know whether you aced
Aristotelian ethics but had to repeat introductory biology? Does it
need to know your family's financial profile, how much aid you
received and whether you took off a semester to help out at home?
The Secretary of Education's Commission on the Future of Higher
Education thinks so. In its first draft report, released in late
June, the commission called for creation of a tracking system to
collect sensitive information about our nation's college students.
Its second draft, made public last week, softens the name of the
plan, but the essence of the proposal remains unchanged.
Whether you call it a "national unit records database" (the first
name) or a "consumer-friendly information database" (the second), it
is in fact a mandatory federal registry of all American students
throughout their collegiate careers - every course, every step, every
misstep. Once established, it could easily be linked to existing K-12
and workforce databases to create unprecedented cradle-to-grave
tracking of American citizens. All under the watchful eye of the
federal government.
The commission calls our nation's colleges and universities
unaccountable, inefficient and inaccessible. In response it seeks to
institute collection of personal information designed to quantify our
students' performance in college and in the workforce.
But many of us are concerned about invading our students' privacy by
feeding confidential educational and personal data, linked to Social
Security numbers, into a mandatory national database. Such a database
would wrest control over educational records from students and hand
it to the government. I'd like the commission to tell me how our
students would benefit from our reporting confidential family
financial information.
Those of us in higher education aren't the only ones with concerns
about this. Earlier this month, the National Association of
Independent Colleges and Universities released results of a survey
that showed the majority of Americans oppose creation of a national
system to track students' academic, enrollment and financial aid
information. More than 60 percent of those polled opposed the
creation of such a system, and 45 percent of those surveyed were
"strongly opposed" to the proposal.
Privacy groups from both ends of the political spectrum - including
the Eagle Forum and the American Civil Liberties Union - criticized
an early form of the proposal that Education Department officials
were exploring in 2004.
We already have efficient systems in place to collect educational
statistics. I question why the commission, which shares our concerns
about the increased cost of education, would want to create a
database that not only violates privacy but also would be very
expensive. Our existing systems meet the government's need to inform
public policy without intruding on student privacy because they
report the data in aggregate form. Colleges and universities report
on virtually every aspect of our students' experience - retention and
graduation rates, financial aid rates and degrees conferred by major
institutions - to the federal and state governments as well as to
organizations such as the NCAA and to many publications.
The commission seems bent on its Orwellian scheme of collecting
extensively detailed, very personal student data. Supporters say it
would make higher education more accountable and more affordable for
students. Admirable goals, but a strange and forbidding solution.
This proposal is a violation of the right to privacy that Americans
hold dear. It is against the law. Moreover, there is a mountain of
data already out there that can help us understand higher education
and its efficacy. And, finally, implementation of such a database,
which at its inception would hold "unit" record data on 17 million
students, would be an unfunded mandate on institutions and add
greatly to the expense of education.
At a time when the world acknowledges the strength of the American
system of higher education - that it is decentralized, diverse,
competitive and independent - why would a commission on the future of
higher education want to impose federal regulations and federal
bureaucratic monitoring of individual students in the name of
"improving" higher education?
Katherine Haley Will is president of Gettysburg College and
chairwoman-elect of the Annapolis Group, an organization of leading
independent liberal arts colleges. This first appeared in The
Washington Post.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-10 10:15:00
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: (Disturbing) Security Issue Kills Domestic Spying Probe 
Security Issue Kills Domestic Spying Probe
By DEVLIN BARRETT, Associated Press Writer
2 hours, 22 minutes ago
WASHINGTON - The government has abruptly ended an inquiry into the
warrantless eavesdropping program because the National Security
Agency refused to grant Justice Department lawyers the necessary
security clearance to probe the matter.
The Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility, or
OPR, sent a fax to Rep. Maurice Hinchey (news, bio, voting record), D-
N.Y., on Wednesday saying they were closing their inquiry because
without clearance their lawyers cannot examine Justice lawyers' role
in the program.
"We have been unable to make any meaningful progress in our
investigation because OPR has been denied security clearances for
access to information about the NSA program," OPR counsel H. Marshall
Jarrett wrote to Hinchey. Hinchey's office shared the letter with The
Associated Press.
Jarrett wrote that beginning in January, his office has made a series
of requests for the necessary clearances. Those requests were denied
"Without these clearances, we cannot investigate this matter and
therefore have closed our investigation," wrote Jarrett.
Justice Department spokesman Brian Roehrkasse said the terrorist
surveillance program "has been subject to extensive oversight both in
the executive branch and in Congress from the time of its inception."
Roehrkasse noted the OPR's mission is not to investigate possible
wrongdoing in other agencies, but to determine if Justice Department
lawyers violated any ethical rules. He declined to comment when asked
if the end of the inquiry meant the agency believed its lawyers had
handled the wiretapping matter ethically.
Hinchey is one of many House Democrats who have been highly critical
of the domestic eavesdropping program first revealed in December. He
said lawmakers would push to find out who at the NSA denied the
Justice Department lawyers security clearance.
"This administration thinks they can just violate any law they want,
and they've created a culture of fear to try to get away with that.
It's up to us to stand up to them," said Hinchey.
In February, the OPR announced it would examine the conduct of its
own agency's lawyers in the program, though they were not authorized
to investigate NSA activities.
Bush's decision to authorize the largest U.S. spy agency to monitor
people inside the United States, without warrants, generated a host
of questions about the program's legal justification.
The administration has vehemently defended the eavesdropping, saying
the NSA's activities were narrowly targeted to intercept
international calls and e-mails of Americans and others inside the
U.S. with suspected ties to the al-Qaida terror network.
Separately, the Justice Department sought last month to dismiss a
federal lawsuit accusing the telephone company AT&T of colluding with
the Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping program.
The lawsuit, brought by an Internet privacy group, does not name the
government as a defendant, but the     Department of Justice has
sought to quash the lawsuit, saying it threatens to expose government
and military secrets.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-13 08:01:24
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: Whistleblower outs NSA's secret spy room at AT&T 
Whistleblower outs NSA's secret spy room at AT&T
April 08, 2006
Mark Klein, a retired AT&T communications technician, said the
company shunted all Internet traffic--including traffic from peering
links connecting to other Internet backbone providers-- to semantic
traffic analyzers, installed in a secret room inside the AT&T central
office on Folsom Street in San Francisco. Similar rooms were built in
Seattle, San Jose, Los Angeles and San Diego.
"Based on my understanding of the connections and equipment at issue,
it appears the NSA (National Security Agency) is capable of
conducting what amounts to vacuum-cleaner surveillance of all the
data crossing the Internet," Klein said. "This potential spying
appears to be applied wholesale to all sorts of Internet
communications of countless citizens."
In 2003, the National Security Agency set up a secret room inside the
phone company's San Francisco office building that was not accessible
to AT&T technicians, Klein said.
The former employee's statement, as well as several documents saved
by him after he left the company in 2004, shows further evidence of
domestic spying initiatives by the federal government.
Klein's statement is being incorporated into a class action filed in
San Francisco federal court, in which lawyers with the Electronic
Frontier Foundation (EFF), Lerach Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman &
Robbins, and Traber & Voorhees in Pasadena claim that AT&T illegally
allowed the NSA taps.
"Despite what we are hearing, and considering the public track record
of this administration, I simply do not believe their claims that the
NSA's spying program is really limited to foreign communications or
is otherwise consistent with the NSA's charter or with FISA [the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act]," Klein said.
News that the NSA was working with major telecommunications companies
first surfaced shortly before Christmas. The Bush administration has
acknowledged the existence of a domestic spying program, but claims
the executive order was limited to those individuals with known
terrorist ties.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation filed a class-action lawsuit
against AT&T on January 31, 2006, accusing the telecom giant of
violating the law and the privacy of its customers by collaborating
with the National Security Agency in its massive program to wiretap
and data-mine Americans' communications.
"The evidence that we are filing supports our claim that AT&T is
diverting Internet traffic into the hands of the NSA wholesale, in
violation of federal wiretapping laws and the Fourth Amendment," EFF
Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston said in a statement.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-03-04 01:59:35
@_author: EEkid at aol.com 
@_subject: 'Embarrassed' Man Sues Microsoft After FBI Finds Sex Videos 
On His PC
"Michael Alan Crooker, currently in jail in Connecticut, says
security features advertised by Microsoft and its business partners
should have kept federal agents from accessing the files on his PC.
In court papers filed this week in Massachusetts Superior Court,
Crooker says he "suffered great embarrassment" as a result of
Microsoft's failure to keep the FBI's prying eyes off his computer."
"In the court papers, Crooker says he already has reached settlements
with Hewlett-Packard, which owns the Compaq brand, and Circuit City."
AOL now offers free email to everyone. Find out more about what's
free from AOL at AOL.com.
Archives: Powered by Listbox: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-05-04 04:25:36
@_author: eekid at aol.com 
@_subject: Bush administration proposes retroactive immunity for phone   
"Retroactive immunity from prosecution is a beautiful thing if you're  a major telecommunications provider in the US, and phone companies  are about to receive it if the Bush administration gets its way. The  administration's new appropriations request for intelligence agencies  was recently disclosed at a hearing of the Senate Select Committee on  Intelligence, and it includes a massive gift to the phone companies  who have been (can we drop the "allegedly" at this point?) helping  the NSA and other agencies."
AOL now offers free email to everyone. Find out more about what's  free from AOL at AOL.com.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
