
@_date: 1992-11-09 21:57:15
@_author: Efrem Lipkin 
@_subject: a cryptographic deal with the devil 
I think you missed the point of my proposal. It is to create a situation
in which all taps must be court ordered and eventually disclosed. The police have no business making "investigational" taps, they are
not entrepreneurs in search of new business opportunities.
My prefered solution is no taps. In my experience taps are more common
for political reasons than police reasons. I think anyone who believes
anything the FBI says without proof must have not been reading the paper
for the last several decades.
If the political process will not ban wire (fiber) tapping then it seems sensible to try and force all easedropping into the public record.
I see no reason to care where the police put their equipment so long as there is no way they can create taps without going to court and creating a public record. I do not see the difference between building the tap
in or making it an extra cost option, unless it can be made a very expensive
option. If tap control cannot be reliably accomplished via technology, cryptographic or otherwise, then we might as well just fight against all tapping and for universal encryption even if it is a lost cause.
I think it is clear that no organization and especially no government or
corporation can be trusted to police itself either at the frontdoor or
the backdoor.

@_date: 1992-10-12 20:56:33
@_author: Efrem Lipkin 
@_subject: drugs and simulation games. 
Unfortunately the first two things which come to mind are:
coffee (a drug - actually an excuse for gathering)
papers on public key cryptography (primary information)
radios - illegel in Russia and I believe elsewhere during WWII
East German typewriters - I had one
Also a slight deviation: many medicines (and soon herbal contraptions) which are doctor monoply items here, but over the counter in most other
Religious artifacts of any number of banned religions.
Divorce (opps, not a physical object).
Really on thinking about it, I believe that the trade of ideas is always
far more repressed than the trade in any kind of stuff.

@_date: 1992-10-26 03:52:20
@_author: Efrem Lipkin 
@_subject: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
It seems that registration would defeat the advantage
of a public key system, but it would not prevent private
encrypted messages from being hidden from casual traffic
analysis or even notice by public key wrapping.
This would make registration rather useless against a
conspiracy and thus hard to justify in the face of commercial
and constitutional opposition.
