
@_date: 2000-11-16 15:53:28
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
This is the law for commerce, except for cash transactions of non-controlled
goods. Firearm sales usually require proof of identity (at least) even for a
cash transaction.
No.  The only thing claimed in digital signature technology is that a
message was signed by a key which has a strong binding to an identifier:
 Section 11.2 of X.509v3 – “Management of certificates”–
 states that the certificate allows an association between a
 name called “unique distinguished name,” or DN for the
 user, and the user’s public-key: “A certificate associates the
 public key and unique distinguished name of the user it describes.”
However,  the same user can have different DNs in different CAs, or can have
the same DN in different CAs even if the user is not the first to use it in any of
the CAs.
So, nowhere in X.509 or in PKIX (which stands for PKI with X.509) is 'claimed'
that digital certificates provide proof of identity.  This is a serious mistake in
this paper, which is however a quite common misconception (unfortunately
fueled by CAs, sometimes).
[see "Overview of Certification Systems" at  --
originally published in 1997 and downloaded more than 200,000 or that I care to
count; mirrored at   and elsewhere].
BTW, this is also Bruce Schneier's unfortunate mistake, in his latest newsletter.
And a digital certificate is certainly less of a seal than of a signature because
a digital signature is not bound at all to the document but to the contents of
the document.  Even if a document has its contents erased (chemically, or
with lasers or otherwise), the seal remains intact whereas the digital signature
would cease to work.
Wrong.  Let's repeat -- if a PKI does not exist, then all digital signatures work
without a PKI and the statement above is wrong. If a PKI exists, the whole paper
is moot.
A correct statement would be to say that PKIs do exist in domains of trust (which
domains can even extend to the whole world, so they are not necessarily "small" in the
geographic sense) and that in each domain digital certificates work fine.  This
applies not only to X.509 or PKIX but also to PGP.
;-) It is a good business, though.
:-) Maybe a day will come that a certificate will order me around, but this may be
too far in the future to be of any concern
All this is a deja-vu of other papers, including not only my own "Overview of
Certification Systems" of 1997, with a lot of added mistakes.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-11-16 16:38:53
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
That is why I wote "usually" -- it may vary.
So, you think that  credit-cards deals would not need names or any real-life id, just assets?
Surely, the merchant gets paid regardless, even  if you use a false name.  But this is not the
end of id fraud. The bank still goes after the money...and uses the law against fraudulent
practices to enforce the cardholder agreement, or criminal statues. If Mr. X uses his wife's
credit-card, Mr. X is technically committing id fraud, and wire-fraud. Of course it works most
of the time... But when it does not, and someone comes enforcing, someone will ask, did you
Mr X, uses Mrs X's credit-card, and represent yourself thereby as Mrs X?
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-11-16 18:29:25
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Yes but the problem faced by e-commerce is what happens when it
fails.  So, while I agree with you that  it is not true that "for e-commerce to
fulfill its potential each party to a transaction must be confident in the identity of
the others", the practice in e-commerce is that security is based on breaking
your privacy! And this is not only in terms of credit checks but also in covert
background checks teaming up with law enforcement (as candidly admitted by
eBay management in a meeting in DC some months ago).
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-07 12:12:29
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First   
References:  <3366.965720890
Your definition is not standard. The Cryptography Handbook by Menezes
defines non-repudiation as a service that prevents the denial of an act.  The
same is the current definition in PKIX, as well as in X.509.  This does not mean, however as some may suppose, that the act cannot be denied -- for example,
it can be denied by a counter authentication that presents an accepted proof.
Thus, non-repudiation is not a stronger authentication --  neither a long lived
authentication.  Authentication is an assertion that something is true. Non-
repudiation is a negation that something is false. Neither are absolute.  And
they are quite different when non-boolean variables (ie, real-world variables)
are used. They are complementary concepts and *both* need to be used or
we lose expressive power in protocols, contracts, etc..
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-08 12:16:07
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First   
References: The idea that you could prevent the denial of an act is neither
an absolute truth nor provided only by cryptography.  As I wrote
before, " This does not mean, however as some may suppose, that the act
cannot be denied -- for example, it can be denied by a counter authentication
that presents an accepted proof."  One way to do it is by policy or by
contract, as banks do routinely in accepting checks -- and which is making
its way into protocols by means of digital signatures as an extension of
handwritten signatures.
Further, it is clear that preventing the denial of an act is not equivalent to
the "denial of a falsity" -- so, Ben's comment may help clarify this and I
am thankful that he did so.  However, understanding non-repudiation
as a service that provides for the denial of a falsity is IMO a very general
model that includes other notions of non-repudiation.  Like authentication,
non-repudiation comes in different flavors and it is IMO not a correct question
to ask which one is correct -- it depends on the trust and threat models
being used.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-10 14:24:08
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First    
References:  <3366.965720890	
Non-repudiation is, according to how myself and the PKIX WG consensus
views it, a useful concept both in technical as well as in legal terms.  Further,
neither myself nor the specific discussion in the PKIX WG saw any need to
require a specific legal framework to talk about technical applications
of the non-repudiation concept.  So, yes, technology can provide
for non-repudiation services and the question whether or not these
services are useful to provide evidences to a legal layer depends on
many *other* considerations -- such as for example the legal regime
(common law, civil law, statutes, contracts, etc.), which we do not control.
What we can do on the technical side is provide protocols (with and without
crypto -- for example, with timestamps that may be signed or made available
in a tamperproof public record) that support non-repudiation as a service that
prevents the denial of an act. This service is completely different from a
service that proves an act, which is authentication.  Neither of these services is
absolute, though, and thus the notion of non-repudiation cannot be of an
absolute answer. This is a common point between law and technology --
anything can be repudiated.
You can check  for example
 or
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-15 22:20:13
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First     
References:  <3366.965720890	
Internet RFCs are technical specifications that use common English words  in
a strictly defined manner. To suggest that the use of names in computer code
or Internet RFCs might have legal implications ...  imagine lawyers examining
some code and trying to attach meaning to variable names? Or  to UNIX
commands? For example, to kill or killall?
Context dependent vocabulary can become highly amusing or disastrous
if taken in a universal context, as was recently pointed out in the PKIX list
by Peter Gien when someone complained about the legal implications of
"good" as defined in RFC 2560.  Non-repudiation is not different.  In the crypto
and RFC realm it means "a service that prevents the denial of an act" [Handbook
of Cryptography, X.509, PKIX]. Different lawyers in different countries may
define whatever they want but I note that the legal use of "non-repudiation" by
banks worldwide is very similar to "a service that prevents the denial of an act".
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-16 16:37:01
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First     
References:  <3366.965720890	
Borrowing from a private comment from Bob Jueneman, whatever the technical
community decides that non-repudiation means, it probably isn't what the legal
community means.  So be it.  Certainly the legal profession uses ordinary English
words to mean other than their ordinary meaning in a particular context, and so
do other professions.
BTW, consider the word "impregnable".  Everyone knows what it means, right?
Consider the sentence "Alice is impregnable."  It has two diametrically opposite meanings!
Of course not, and we agree this much. That is why I wrote earlier that
non-repudiation is not a "stronger" authentication or a long-lived one.
In my view, a non-repudiation proof could be disqualifed by an authentication
proof. Non-repudiation does NOT trump authentication -- which is what this
original thread (First Monday  article) proposed, based on some mythical
"trusted systems".
Regarding the word prevent, Merriam-Webster teaches that PREVENT implies
taking advance measures against something possible or  probable
.  This is the first meaning -- after this
comes ANTICIPATE and, at last, FORESTALL.  So, while you say that Random
House teaches that FORESTALL is the first meaning, I do not see as this as the rule.
And, in this specific case it does not even make sense to use FORESTALL because
there is nothing to be interrupted -- but it does make a lot of sense IMO to take
advance measures against a probable or possible denial.
So, non-repudiation is a service that take advance measures against a probable
or possible denial of an act. In other words, PREVENTS the denial of an act.
This is the standard meaning in cryptography applications.  Maybe it is already
similar or becomes similar to the meaning used by lawyers, or by banks.  Good for
OTOH, some lawyers and lawmakers are oftentimes the first ones to use the term
"identifty theft" -- which simply is not a theft, it is impersonation.  I hope we
in crypto don't have to use "identity theft" as well. And, they can continue to use it.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-17 11:21:31
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First     
References:  <3366.965720890	
Yes. However, we live now in a post-modern society, where the emphasis
is on local discourse and it is accepted that there are many truths and
many ways of knowing.  The cat is out of the bag and we need IMO to learn
to cope with diversity rather than try to iron it out.  Of course, there are
many dictionaries and many languages and computer technology has not
solved this problem -- in the contrary, we have maybe dozens of "computer
languages" being born every year and a handful of them actually being
So, if we look to the real world, what do we see? Do we see a uniform law rule,
a uniform government and a uniform language? No, we see multiple relationships,
multiple actors, heavy overload, intersubjective contexts.
As Tony Bartoletti wrote, apologies for what seems a rant, but the "solid
mathematical foundations" underlying digital signatures, "Qualified Certificates",
unmistakable IDs, biometrics and so forth create in me a degree of "psychic
and social backlash" as well.
We create these instruments in the hope of ascertaining better measures
of the constancy of authentication and identities.  The central question that
comes to mind is "to what degree we are artificially creating the constancy we
intend these instruments to measure."
No. The fact that people like to talk in dumbed down soundbites like
"identity theft", instead of using well-established words like "impersonation",
does not mean that any legally relevant conclusions can be drawn from the
misuse of technical terms like "theft" in the soundbite.
Otherwise, we seem to agree.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-18 03:08:25
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First  
Well, you have not lost it nor has it has been "stolen".  You are simply barred
from using it.  This is the result of impersonation, since now the other person
is the one that has access to it.
The use of "identity theft" instead of impersonation is thus utterly misleading,
even though lawyers and lawmakers are the ones perpetrating such use.  No
legally relevant conclusions can be drawn from the misuse of the technical
term "theft" in the soundbite.
In comparison, defining non-repudiation in terms of protocol messages and
only for protocol messages is, at most, a solipsistic endeavor. However, it is
IMO a most useful one so that others, including lawyers and lawmakers, are
prevented from using it in a perverted way just because RFCs are written in
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-18 10:23:52
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First     
References:  <3366.965720890	
Yes, that is why Tony's remark was somewhat tongue-in-cheek and used
 "solid mathematical foundations" within quotes.
The buyer. CAs (read Verisign's CPS or any CA's CPS, or bank contracts
and -- above all -- see the US UCC) are not responsible for producing correct
results but just for using correct methods. Where "correct methods" are
what others consider correct -- even if they are proved wrong later on
by a one mathematician working in his attic.
This paragraph was also Tony's contribution, not mine. It reflects a
case I often make -- to what extent are we ironing out diversity and
thus creating an artificial and useless model rather than a real-world
model that would have real-world significance?  "The emperor is nude",
needs to be heard more often IMO, in e-commerce.  Before, if possible,
more of our economy and even lives depend on it.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-18 19:09:45
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First  
References: Your examples were so bad!
;-) of course, I meant "good" as in that new IBM commercial where the IBM guy says that
the IBM laptop is "bad" ;-)
I appreciate your comments and, yes, very often society uses contrary words to
mean another thing.
But if we step aside a bit from the usefulness or not of dumbed down soundbites
or current slang in technical documents that should be precise, I see this
"identity theft" discussion mainly as a counterexample to those that like to require
a legal context to every word -- whereas we do not even have a worldwide legal context.
As we saw,  lawyers and lawmakers are oftentimes the first ones to use the term
"identifty theft" -- which simply is not a theft, it is impersonation.  Of course, I
continue to hope that we in crypto don't have to use "identity theft" as well. But,
should they can continue to use it?
 Speaking as a lawyer, one of "they,", they should not continue to use
 it.  Identity theft might be accomplishable in some scenario, one in which
 I somehow induced amnesia in you, for example, but otherwise the use of
 the term to cover what you rightly point is simply impersonation, does a
 disservice to my profession as well as yours.
I also think that using "identity theft" for what actually is impersonation
is a disservice to our profession. In the same way that I think we need to
make sure lay people understand that non-repudiation in the technical realm
is not an absolute authentication or undeniable proof.  If we can only this,
deny that non-repudiation means undeniable proof, it will be already very useful.
Then, we may be able to apply the concept of non-repudiation as we feel the need
for it in protocols -- and note that we did not invent it, rather we discovered it.  Authentication is not sufficient to describe validity. Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-20 12:08:38
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re:  
References: Well said. SHA-1 works as a many-to-one function and this alone makes it impossible to break if
well applied.  Simply, no global inverse function exists for a many-to-one function (even
though a local inverse may exist, but in this case SHA-1 would not have been well applied).
This is a  mathematical fact. Matters with RSA are still unproven, though, but it is not probable
that it will be broken any time soon in a wide scale.
However, this is not what concerns me at all.  PKI is the problem.  It does not work and it
will not work on a global scale.  E-commerce itself has moved away from PKI for no other
The problem then is the E-sign Act and state legislation following on its heels, which
not only blurs IMO what a digital signature is but also does not deal adequately with the
liability issues for the different parties involved.
In this scenario, what if  we see a blind push for a global PKI and also include non-repudiation
as an "absolute authentication" based on some mythical "trusted  machines" -- as has been
suggested recently in the good name of e-commerce?
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2000-10-26 22:33:39
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: Paranoid Encryption Standard (was Re: Rijndael & Hitachi) 
...which should then use OTPs, no?  The whole point of AES was a combination
of efficiency versus security. Otherwise, just use TripleDES.
Getting Rijndael in use, out on its own, is the best way to verify whether it
works well -- as efficiently and as securely as desired. This is the way to gain
confidence, by testing. Trust is earned.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2002-06-26 16:56:12
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: TCPA / Palladium FAQ (was: Re: Ross's TCPA paper) 
Interesting Q&A paper and list comments. Three
additional comments:
1. DRM and privacy  look like apple and speedboats.
Privacy includes the option of not telling, which DRM
does not have.
2. Palladium looks like just another vaporware from
Microsoft, to preempt a market like when MS promised
Windows and killed IBM's OS/2 in the process.
3. Embedding keys in mass-produced chips has
great sales potential. Now we may have to upgrade
processors also because the key  is compromised ;-)
Ed Gerck
PS: We would be much better off with OS/2, IMO.

@_date: 2004-04-07 13:40:29
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
<407459B7.2030609
The principle here is that no one should be able to prove how the voter voted, not even the voter. Yes, votes need to be verified and voters are certainly one party that can do it. However, you never want to allow the voter to take any kind of "receipt" out of the voting station if that receipt can be used to determine how the voter voted, e.g. by matching a number or pattern on the ballot, even if to the voter. Otherwise, vote selling and coercion cannot be prevented.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2004-04-15 18:58:46
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: voting 
The flaw in *both* cases is that it reduces the level of privacy protection
currently provided by paper ballots.
Currently, voter privacy is absolute in the US and does not depend
even on the will of the courts. For example,  there is no way for a
judge to assure that a voter under oath is telling the truth about how
they voted, or not. This effectively protects the secrecy of the ballot
and prevents coercion and intimidation in all cases.
Thus, while the assertion that "Only if all the trustees collude can
the election be defrauded" may seem to be reasonable at first glance, it
fails to protect the system in the case of a court order -- when all the
trustees are ordered to disclose whatever they know and control.
Also, the assertion that "All of this is possible while still m
aintaining voter secrecy and privacy essential to all public elections" is incorrect, for the same reason.
Moreover, the assertion that "Vote receipts cannot be used for vote selling or to coerce your vote" is also incorrect, for the same reason.
These shortcomings do not depend on any specific flaw of a shuffling
process, a TTP, or any other component of either system. Rather, it is a design flaw. A new election system should do "no harm" -- reducing the level of voter privacy and ballot secrecy should not be an acceptable trade-off for changing from paper to electronic records, or even
electronic verification.
Court challenges are a real scenario that election officials talk about and want to avoid. Without making voter privacy inherently safe from court
orders, voter privacy and ballot secrecy are at the mercy of casuistic, political and corruption influences -- either real or potential. When the stakes are high, we need fail-safe procedures.
Now, you may ask, is there any realistic possibility of a court order for all trustees to reveal their keys?
Yes, especially in a hot and contested election -- and not only Bush vs.
Gore. Many local elections are very close and last year an election
in California was decided by *one* vote. For example, the California Secretary of State asked this as an evaluation question, when they were testing voting systems for the 2000 Shadow Election Project.
The question was whether and to what extent the voting system could be broken under court order   for example, if some unqualified voters were wrongly allowed to vote in a tight election and there would be a court order to seek out and disqualify their votes under best efforts.
Perhaps a trustee could be chosen who would be immune even from a US
court order?
Well, not for a US election, which is 100% under state and/or federal But there are additional scenarios -- a bug, Trojan horse, worm and/or virus that infects the systems used by all trustees would also compromise voter secrecy and, thereby, election integrity.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2004-04-16 11:43:57
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: voting 
<5.1.0.14.0.20040416085123.00a23ba0
The privacy, coercion, intimidation, vote selling and election integrity
problems begin with giving away a receipt that is linkable to a ballot. It is not relevant to the security problem whether a voter may destroy his receipt, so that some receipts may disappear. What is relevant is that voters may HAVE to keep their receipt or... suffer retaliation...
not get paid... lose their jobs... not get a promotion... etc. Also
relevant is that voters may WANT to keep their receipts, for the same
As long as this does not go against the 'first law' for public voting systems: voters must not be linkable to ballots.
The 'second law' also takes precedence: ballots are always secret, only
vote totals are known and are known only after the election ends.
There is no tradeoff prossible for voter privacy and ballot secrecy.
Take away one of them and the voting process is no longer a valid
measure. Serious voting system research efforts do not begin by
denying the requirements.
There is no such principle.
You don't have this option when the public at large is considered, for
a public election. You can do it in a private election for a club,
for example, but even then only if the bylaws allow it.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2004-04-19 00:55:02
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: voting 
<5.1.0.14.0.20040416085123.00a23ba0 	
  <4080296D.18F94552 The lowest possible totals are per race, per ballot box. The 'second law' allows you to have such totals -- which are the election results for that race in that ballot box. For example, if there are two candidates (X and Y) in race A ,
two candidates (Z and W) in race B, and only one vote per candidate is allowed in each race, the election results for ballot box K might be:
Vote totals for race A in ballot box K:
  Votes for candidate X: 		  5
  Votes for candidate Y:   		 60
  Blank votes: 	         		 50
Vote totals for race B in ballot box K:
  Votes for candidate Z: 		 45
  Votes for candidate W:   		 50
  Blank votes: 	         		 20
Total ballots in ballot box K: 	   	115
Because only the vote totals are known for each race, a voter cannot be identified by recognizing a pre-defined, unlikely voting pattern in each race of a ballot. This exemplifies one reason why we need the 'second law' -- to preserve unlinkability between ballots and voters.
No. All you need is that there should be more than one voter
per ballot box. This is a rather trivial requirement to meet.
Ed Gerck

@_date: 2004-04-21 09:09:24
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: voting 
<5.1.0.14.0.20040416085123.00a23ba0
  <5.1.0.14.0.20040420155713.00a9bd60
But it IS assured today by paper ballots. Nothing less should be
accepted in electronic systems, otherwise new, easy and silent
fraud modes become possible. Coercion and vote selling are just
the most obvious.
Ed Gerck
